This is the isolated part of Gitmo where paddy wagons came and went , whence screams could be heard during " aggressive questioning " , and whence three corpses are believed to have emerged after the kind of treatment once reserved for totalitarian states but now indelibly part of the American way .
No , this is not a satellite of a secret Iran torture chamber ; it is not a Soviet camp ; it is not an isolated black site in North Korea .
It is in Gitmo .
And it is where America 's founding principles came to die .
The corpses were delivered to their families with their necks cut out , to make it impossible to tell whether they were strangled to death in a session engineered by Cheney and Rumsfeld or whether they hanged themselves simultaneously as the cover - up insisted .
A closer - up version of the same photograph below the fold :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Get Facebook friends list
Note : this is an old demo that used to work in 2010 .
It probably does n’t work anymore .
Facebook user ID : Having trouble finding your user ID ?
You need JavaScript for this to work .
I have n’t written a PHP parser yet .
Can haz privacy fail blx ?
The only way to stop this from working for your user ID is by unchecking the “ Appear in Public Search Results ” box .
What are the peculiar type - R stars made ?
Where does the carbon present in their shell come from ?
These are the questions to be solved by a research work conducted by scientists of the department of Theoretical and Cosmos Physics of the University of Granada ( Spain ) , where they have analysed the chemical composition and the evolutionary state of spectral type R carbon stars to try to explain the origin of the carbon enrichment present in its atmosphere .
Up to now , there had hardly been performed chemical analysis for this type of start .
Type - R stars are peculiar red giant stars , as they show a higher presence of carbon than oxygen in their atmosphere ( the usual composition in the Universe is exactly the opposite ) .
They can be classified in hot -R starts and cold - R stars , depending on their effective temperature .
In the case of R - cold stars , this is the first chemical analysis of these characteristics carried out worldwide , whereas for R - hot stars , the existing chemical analyses were very old ( more than 25 years ) and with a lower spectral resolution than that of the UGR study .
The research has been conducted by Olga Zamora Sánchez and supervised by professors Carlos Abia and Inmaculada Domínguez .
The scientists of the University of Granada have also studied the essential observational features of type - R stars ( distribution in the Milky Way , kinematics , luminosity , etc. ) .
A 23 - star sample
This research work has determined the chemical composition of a 23 type - R star sample ( both hot and cold ) , using spectrums in the optics with high - spectral resolution , in order to obtain information about the origin of this type of stars .
To this end , the scientists performed observations with a 2.2 - metre in diameter telescope placed in Calar Alto ( Almeria ) , and carried out a chemical analysis of elements such as carbon , oxygen , nitrogen , lithium and other heavy metals , such as technetium , strontium , barium or lanthanum .
Thus , the scientists have concluded that R - cold stars are identical to type - N stars ( or normal carbon stars ) originated in the AGB phase , whereas R - hot stars are different .
About 40 % of the R - hot stars of the sample were erroneously classified up now , and therefore the portion of these stars with regard to red giant stars could be considerably reduced regarding previous estimations thanks to this work .
The most comprehensive analysis
The analysis of the University of Granada is the most complete conducted worldwide up to now ( from an observational and theoretical approach ) about type - R spectral stars .
Besides , the scientists have carried out a numeric simulation for the first time of the most favourable scene for the formation of a R - hot star : the fusion of a helium white dwarf with a red giant .
In the end , this scene has turned out to be unviable , and therefore the explanation of the origin of R - hot stars keeps representing a challenge for present star and nucleosynthesis development models .
Although the UGR scientists warn that this type of study has not immediate applications , the information obtained could be very valuable in the future as carbon , as everybody knows , is very important for the possible development of life in the Universe .
Therefore , they say , explaining the origin of this element in the stars will be useful to study the production of one of the basic ingredients of life that we know .
The results of this research work will be sent for its publication in the near future in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics .
Researchers believe the fabric of the fragments , the first of their kind to be discovered in Jerusalem , are of a different weave to those of the Turin Shroud , hailed by many as Christ 's burial cloth but dismissed by others as a fake .
Kitgen Build System for Tcl / Tk
In the past I have written a variety of posts about Starkits and Starpacks .
Briefly , Starkits provide a way to package complex Tcl / Tk programs in a single file , and Starpacks allow those packages to be combined with self - contained interpreters to deliver stand - alone applications .
However , the Tclkit interpreters I originally used for this purpose have not generally been maintained , at least for Mac OS X ( Pat Thoyts has done a good job providing current Windows and Linux versions ) .
Of course , there are various ways to build your own Tclkit equivalent , but I usually found the process slightly too tedious to sustain my interest ( although I did succeed with Pat ’s version of kitgen shortly before discovering the method described below ) .
As it turns out , self - contained Tcl / Tk installations functionally equivalent to Tclkits can quite easily be created with the kitgen build system .
This comprises a single Tcl script ( kbs.tcl ) that automates the process of downloading , compiling , and assembling the elements of a “ kbskit ” .
The script is robust – it worked successfully on the first try , without any knowledge of what options to use beyond those given in the Quick Start examples .
If you simply run a fresh copy of kbs.tcl , it will retrieve the Tcl / Tk sources .
Build a Metakit - based kbskit ( like Tclkit ) with :
./kbs.tcl -r - mk install kbskit8.5
Build a Vlerq - based kbskit ( like Tclkit Lite ) with :
./kbs.tcl -r -vq install kbskit8.5
In either case , three executables will actually be built :
A Tcl - only executable , denoted by - cli suffix
An executable that loads
Tk from an external library if needed , denoted by - dyn suffix
An all - in - one Tcl / Tk executable , denoted by - gui
On Mac OS X , these executables are found in the buildDarwin subdirectory relative to kbs.tcl .
The subdirectory name will presumably differ on other operating systems .
Happily , the kbskits created with the kitgen build system can be used with Starpacker .
Check the “ Other ” box and select the kbskit you prefer to use as the executable in your Starpack :
You can bundle other packages into your kbskits using the - mk - bi or - vq - bi options ( - bi stands for “ Batteries Included ” ) .
This will ensure that those packages ( typically useful extensions ) are always available to code being run by that kit .
Of course , a different approach , with different advantages and disadvantages , is to bundle packages in your application Starkit , which can be executed with different kits .
Additional topics to explore include building the - - enable - aqua option and the best method to update both kbs.tcl and the source code it retrieves .
Posted on Sunday , January 10th , 2010 .
Tags : code , mac , tcl .
Articles > Personal Finance >
How to Start a 529 College Savings Plan
How to Start a 529 College Savings Plan
Read the PDS
Owner Details
Contributions
By Jeffrey Glen
Copyrighted 2020 .
Content published with author 's permission .
529 plans offer unique tax breaks unlike any other account type .
Similar to a Roth IRA , funds deposited into the account are taxed as normal income , however , you wo n’t have to pay any tax on investment gains or withdrawals as long as funds are used for educational expenses .
Unlike an IRA , 529 plans are not universal and there is a different 529 plan in almost every state .
An investor may benefit from certain additional tax breaks by investing in a plan within their own state though this is not always the case in all states .
Once an investor chooses his state and 529 plan , they can begin the process of opening the account .
Here are a few steps investors should take when going through the process of how to start a 529 college savings plan :
The PDS , or program disclosure statement , can be a rather lengthy document however you will find all of the necessary information on contributions and withdrawals , program rules , investment options and fees .
Just like you would n’t sign a contract of employment without first reading the terms , a 529 plan should be the same .
By taking the extra few minutes to go over the PDS you will have a better understanding of the plan and it may prevent a future misunderstanding or error from being made .
Once plan selection is out of the way , the difficult part is done and you are able to begin naming an account owner and beneficiary .
Unlike most accounts , a 529 plan can only have one owner and beneficiary , however , the owner has the option to change the beneficiary in the future .
The account owner will normally be the parent or guardian of the child whom the funds are intended for and in turn , their child will be the beneficiary .
To name a beneficiary you will need the child ’s social security number , however , you may actually set up a 529 plan for an unborn child by naming yourself as beneficiary and changing it at a later date , which can be a useful tool for starting early .
Although there is only one account owner , a plan will usually ask to name a successor owner , and in the event of an owner 's death , the successor owner would take control of the account and be responsible for distributing the funds for the beneficiary ’s education expenses .
There really is no correct dollar figure when it comes to contributing to a 529 plan , and everyone ’s individual situation will differ .
Some plans have a minimum contribution to start but most can be started with an initial investment as low as $ 20 .
An excellent strategy for 529 plan contributions is to link the plan to a bank account and have automatic monthly contributions made .
The funds will then be automatically invested in the plan and even a small amount will add up over time .
The real key to starting a 529 plan is to start early .
If you start when the beneficiary is a young age , the tax - breaks received will add up to tremendous savings .
Vehicles move on a main road in Beijing August 20 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Jason Lee
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - German police arrested a man who claimed to be a “ secret agent ” after a high speed chase in pursuit of a car with a blue flashing light on its roof .
Police in the southern city of Fuerth caught up with the man after he raced past them , ignored signals to pull over , and ran a red light as they gave chase .
Smelling strongly of alcohol , the 44 - year - old whispered only that he was “ one of them , ” on a secret mission and belonged to the Federal Crime Office -- a body similar to the FBI -- local police said .
A check revealed he had no such credentials .
“ After matters were taken care of , the would - be ‘ Mr. Bond ’ was again released , ” police said in a statement on Thursday .
A local police spokesman said the man in reality had “ a normal job ” and declined to explain his nighttime sortie .
He faces charges for a variety of driving offences .
( This guest post originally appeared at the author 's Facebook page .
It pertains to the news that union workers received a 10 - year tax exemption on so - called " Cadillac " healthcare plans , while other workers must pay up immediately . )
In the latest to come out of D.C. ’s backroom health care deals , President Obama yesterday cut a doozy of a deal with labor union bosses .
The fed ’s health care plan must be so bad that even union bosses had to go to D.C. to say they wanted out .
So ... to keep their support for a flawed plan they got an exemption to provisions in the deal that others did not .
Small business owners , our families running America ’s mom & pops , did not get this deal .
Ask yourself : why did union bosses get special treatment ?
And when did our country ’s unions get on the wrong track with moves like this that hurt their good members and put them in such a bad light ?
Good hard - working , pro-free - market , pro-America union members should join in opposition to their union bosses ’ sweetheart deal .
Coming from a union background and living in a world with many union memberships among my family and friends , I know that average members will be embarrassed by their bosses ’ deal , which basically only delays the heavy tax on their health care plans until 2018 and in the meantime unfairly leaves many fellow Americans in a much less “ enviable ” position .
Union members do n’t want to stick it to non-union colleagues in the private and public sector .
Their union leadership is not helping them in the long run , they ’re certainly not helping the rest of America , and unfortunately some union bosses are making all union members look bad , selfish , and anti-business with this Big Government backroom deal .
I know that ordinary union members do n’t want to hurt their fellow Americans , just as ordinary Nebraskans did n’t want to stick it to the rest of the country with a sweetheart deal on Medicaid subsidies .
I urge union members to make their voices heard .
Please , call your leadership – do n’t put up with these special - interest politics – tell them to fight for all Americans who want common sense health care reform , not this flawed boondoggle .
Last week , JP Morgan Chase launched the 2010 Wall Street Bonus Sweepstakes .
The bank is still losing money on consumer services , but well - heeled investors and financial traders more than made up the difference .
The bank announced $ 11.7 billion in profits and $ 26.9 billion in compensation , including bonuses that will run in the multimillions for the top executives .
Goldman Sachs reported record profits of $ 13.4 billion , and is set to dole out a staggering $ 16.2 billion in compensation and bonuses , which could provide an average of nearly $ 500,000 per employee .
And Morgan Stanley , even having sustained a loss in 2009 , has set aside $ 14.4 billion for compensation and bonuses .
Then there 's Roberto Velasquez -- the other face of the foreclosure crisis .
Mr. Velasquez , a general contractor , bought a single - family home in Dedham , Massachusetts six years ago .
Unfortunately , his mortgage turned out to be a predatory time bomb .
After a few affordable years , the interest rate on his adjustable - rate mortgage ballooned and his payments rose to $ 4,800 a month .
He kept up though ; until the Wall Street crash knocked the stuffing out of the construction industry .
Then he fell three months behind .
Mr. Velasquez found jobs and came up with the three months ' payments , but the bank would n't work with him .
His home was foreclosed on in November .
A local bank offered to buy the home and sell it back to Mr. Velasquez for its present market value , which is the most his bank would get for the house if they sold it at auction .
Still no deal .
" We did what they asked , " says Mr. Velasquez , " but they do n't want to work with anybody . "
Arrogance like that is going to sink more than Mr. Velasquez , his wife , their nine - year - old and their four - year - old .
Foreclosures feed on themselves , taking down the value of nearby homes and putting ever more people underwater .
There were 3.4 million foreclosures in 2009 .
That number is expected to rise in 2010 .
Unless foreclosures stop , the housing market will keep spiraling downward , and it will take the building and mortgage industries with it , ultimately stalling any economic recovery .
A new report from the McKinsey Global Institute confirms this picture , noting that it usually takes six to seven years to squeeze the debt out of a big bubble .
During the first several years , gross domestic product shrinks .
" At this writing , the deleveraging process has barely begun , " warns McKinsey .
" The bursting of the great global credit bubble is not over yet . "
In short , all of us will be hurting for years because Washington is refusing to make the banks eat the debt bubble they created .
Instead , the bailed - out banks are walking away with record profits and fat bonuses .
There 's a way to avoid another decade of downturn .
United for a Fair Economy 's new report , State of the Dream 2010 : Drained , outlines key proposals that can stem the massive loss of personal wealth and homes .
States and the federal government should put an immediate hold on foreclosures when unemployment causes homeowners to default .
Bankruptcy judges must be given the power to cut down mortgages to levels homeowners can afford , as they already can for other types of loans .
Both of these reforms would stabilize families and communities , especially communities of color that are seeing hard - earned wealth stripped from them at alarming rates .
They would also push the banks to accept realistic write - downs on the inflated property values their books still reflect , squeeze debt out of the economy , and hasten a recovery .
And they might even keep the banks from doing this to us again .
President Obama just proposed a " Financial Crisis Responsibility Fee " to be imposed on the Wall Street firms that caused the crash and soaked up most of the relief funds .
While this is a good start , the fee is temporary .
When it ends , the banks can return to their irresponsible ways .
A permanent financial transactions tax would discourage speculative trading in home mortgages and the derivative pyramids that were piled on top of them .
Serious financial re-regulation , like that outlined in the State of the Dream report , is also essential .
In the end , recovery is not enough .
The banks whose irresponsible behavior led to the meltdown must accept part of the responsibility , or they will do it again .
At the same time , we must aid the hardest hit communities where joblessness and foreclosures are still wreaking havoc .
That is the only route to a fair recovery and a healthy economy .
The chairman of the British Joint Intelligence Committee in 2001 told investigators Monday that elements of the Bush Administration were pushing for regime change in Iraq in early 2001 , months before the 9/11 attacks and two years before President George W. Bush formally announced the Iraq war .
Sir Peter Ricketts , now - Secretary at the Foreign Office , said that US and British officials believed at the time that measures against Iraq were failing : “ sanctions , an incentive to lift sanctions if Saddam allowed the United Weapons inspectors to return , and the ‘ no fly ’ zones over the north and south of the country . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Ricketts also said that US officials had raised the prospect of regime change in Iraq , asserting that the British were n’t supportive of the idea at the time .
“ We were conscious that there were other voices in Washington , some of whom were talking about regime change , ” Ricketts said .
The head of the British Foreign Office ’s Middle East department , Sir William Patey , told the inquiry that his office was aware of regime change talk from some parts of the Bush Administration shortly after they took office in 2001 .
“ In February 2001 we were aware of these drum beats from Washington and internally we discussed it , ” Patey said .
“ Our policy was to stay away from that . ”
“ We did n’t think Saddam was a good thing , and it would be great if he went , but we did n’t have an explicit policy for trying to get rid of him , ” he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
A third official , who was policy director for the British Defense Ministry at the time , said the discussions between the US and Britain “ were n’t serious . ”
“ The question of regime overthrow was , I recall , mentioned but it was quite clear that there was no proposition being put in our direction on that , ” he quipped .
News of the British officials comments were first reported Tuesday in the UK Independent .
ADVERTISEMENT
Interestingly , the head of Britain ’s Intelligence Committee told investigators that then - Secretary of State Colin Powell appeared to be in charge of US policy on Iraq until the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
“ Up till then we felt that dealing with the State Department , we were dealing with the people who were forming the policy , ” Ricketts said .
ADVERTISEMENT
British investigators are probing how Britain got into the Iraq war and if officials misled the public .
Already , a leaked report has shown that then - Prime Minister Tony Blair covered up British military plans for a full Iraq invasion throughout 2002 , claiming at the time that Britain ’s objective was “ disarmament , not regime change . ”
According to Britain ’s Sunday Telegraph , the leaked report condemns the almost complete absence of contingency planning as a potential breach of Geneva Convention obligations to safeguard civilians .
Coalition forces were “ ill - prepared and equipped to deal with the problems in the first 100 days ” of the occupation .
Blair ’s lies to Parliament and the public , widespread problems with the Army ’s supply chain and radio systems , and poor planning for “ once Baghdad had fallen ” are now confirmed in the public eye .
ADVERTISEMENT
Particularly egregious are statements Blair made to Parliament in the build up to the invasion .
On Sept 24 , 2002 , Mr. Blair told members of the British Parliament , “ In respect of any military options , we are not at the stage of deciding those options but , of course , it is important — should we get to that point — that we have the fullest possible discussion of those options . ”
With reporting by Gavin Dahl .
When I woke up today , it took me about half an hour to get up to speed with the iPad ( I'm in Croatia , so the bulk of the news came in overnight for me ) .
After I 'd read a couple of articles , I already knew everything there was to know about it ( and more ) : its advantages , its flaws and its potential .
But hidden between the lines of all that iPad coverage I 've learned a thing or two about Apple and its plans , mostly from the things iPad is missing .
The thing is , Apple did n't omit a camera or multitasking by accident .
An engineer did n't come up to Steve Jobs on Tuesday saying , " I do n't know how to tell you this , Steve , but we 've forgotten about the camera .
No , please , not the head !
Ouch ! "
They 've omitted all these things on purpose , and this purpose tells you more about Apple 's plans than the things they did put in .
First of all , Flash .
For years , we 've been hearing that Adobe and Apple are in talks to bring full Flash support on the iPhone .
It was almost always described as " nearly there . "
Well , now that the iPad is out — a bigger device , perfect for browsing the web — and there 's still no Flash in sight , we can assume that Apple is not only not bringing Flash to its mobile devices , it 's fighting against it .
For some reason , Apple does n't see eye to eye with Adobe where Flash is concerned , and if they have n't reached some sort of agreement now , it 's probably not just around the corner , either .
Then , there 's multi-tasking .
Nearly everyone I 've talked to thinks this is a huge deal - breaker , but I think it makes sense .
Although Steve Jobs was trying hard to prove to us that the iPad is a computer , it is n't .
Just like the iPod and the iPhone , its main purpose is to give the users an easy way to consume certain types of digital content .
After music ( iPod ) and mobile applications ( iPhone ) comes iPad with video , photos , e-books , e-magazines , games .
Apple does n't really want you to do complex photo editing on the iPad ; you 've got your Mac or PC for that .
Apple wants you to touch a button , and start consuming content ( preferably paying a couple of dollars for it ) .
Finally , the camera .
Yes , it would be nice to have video chat .
But once again , Apple wants you to do that on a Mac .
If you want to snap photos , you should do it on the iPhone — you 're carrying it with you all the time , anyway .
Once again , it becomes clear that Apple does n't want to sell devices that can do everything ; they want to find the best form factor to consume some types of digital content , and then focus on them .
If you look at it , you can do pretty much everything on your personal computer ; by that philosophy , you do n't need anything else besides a laptop .
And yet , you 've now got smartphones and e-readers selling very well .
Could it be that one powerful device is not as good as several less powerful , but more focused ones ?
The way I see it , the iPad is not about creating ; it 's all about consuming content .
It should n't be sold in Apple stores , it should be sold on newsstands ( together with a 24 - month subscription to some newspaper ) , in video clubs , in libraries .
I honestly expected a lot of subsidized options for the device if you agree to buy some content with it , but Apple has n't really delivered that — yet .
If I 'm right , and if Apple starts doing that , most of iPad 's shortcomings wo n't matter .
Definitions , Definitions , Do We Need Them ?
The role of definitions in mathematics and theory
Alfonso Bedoya was not a theoretician , but an actor .
He is perhaps most famous for uttering the lines :
“ Badges ?
We ai n’t got no badges .
We do n’t need no badges .
I do n’t have to show you any stinking badges ! ”
He played Gold Hat , in the The Treasure of the Sierra Madre .
Today I want to talk about definitions .
We all think mostly about theorems and proofs .
We try to understand proofs of others , we try to prove new theorems , we try to advance the field .
Yet definitions are not the main stars .
I cannot imagine a paper getting into the main conferences that had only a new definition , but perhaps that should happen .
Our attitude is a little like this :
To paraphrase Bedoya :
Definitions , definitions , we do n’t need no definitions .
Yet definitions are critical , but strange .
Unlike a proof , a definition cannot be “ wrong . ”
Yet a definition can be “ silly . ”
A great definition can be more important than a new proof , and that is why I want to talk about them .
Definitions
A major part of mathematics , of all kinds , is played by definitions .
Every area of math has many definitions that must be learned if one is to be able to understand that area .
Here are some key points , in my opinion , about definitions in general :
Definitions can be eliminated .
A definition can always be eliminated from a proof .
Essentially , a definition is a shorthand ; a definition allows us to make arguments clearer and shorter .
For example , the statement that there are an infinite number of primes
could be written without using the definition “ prime . ”
But , the statement would be longer and less readable :
This is a important role that definitions play : they help reduce the size of proofs .
There is some nice work in proof theory on the role of definitions in reducing proof size .
I will discuss this role in the future .
Definitions can be “ silly ” .
Any definition is allowed ; however , some are much more useful and productive than others .
Consider the definition : is a special prime if and only if , , and are all prime .
Is this a good definition ?
No .
Because is special if and only if .
We will see other , less trivial , examples of “ silly ” definitions in a moment .
Definitions can be “ critical ” .
Definitions shape a field ; they affect the way we think , and what theorems we even try to prove .
A good definition can suggest new research , can open up new directions , and can have a profound effect on progress .
Definitions need justification .
While any definition is “ valid , ” some are more useful than others .
Often we read something into a definition that is not justified .
So a good question to ask about any definition is does it actually capture the property that we are trying to “ define ? ”
I will continue the discussion of the last point by giving a series of examples .
Mathematical Definitions
What is a function ?
This is one of the hardest definitions to get “ right . ”
Early mathematicians argued over what was the right definition : some insisted that any “ rule ” was fine , others that a function had to have an analytic form , others that it had to be given by a series of some kind .
What is a set ?
Georg Cantor gave a beautiful definition :
A set is a Many that allows itself to be thought of as a One .
The trouble with his definition is that it is not precise enough .
Unfortunately , there are many paradoxes possible with a naive definition of set .
The most famous perhaps is due to Bertrand Russell : consider the set
Is a member of ?
Either answer yields a contradiction .
What is a “ nice ” function ?
Define a continuous function on the interval to be - Lipschitz provided ,
Similarly , continuous functions which satisfy the below property are said to be Lipschitz of order , or Hölder continuous functions ,
.
These conditions are named after Rudolf Lipschitz and Otto Hölder .
There is a story : a student is giving his thesis defense at Princeton University .
He has studied the class of Lipschitz functions where — why not study these too — he reasons .
His thesis has many neat results , and he has proved that these functions are closed under many interesting operations .
The story continues that a visiting professor raises his hand , during the talk , and asks :
Can you give me an example of any function in this class that is not constant ?
The sad answer is no .
End of talk , end of thesis .
Hopefully , only an urban legend .
What is a curve ?
An obvious definition of a curve is a mapping from to define by ,
where and are continuous functions .
This seems to be well defined and reasonable .
The problem is that such “ curves ” have a non-intuitive property : a curve can fill the entire square .
Giuseppe Peano discovered that a space - filling curve was possible .
This discovery showed that the definition was not “ correct . ”
In order to avoid space filling curves one needs to add more to the definition .
For example , if the maps and are smooth , then space filling curves are impossible .
Computational Definitions
Let ’s consider two definitions from computer science : sorting and security .
What is a sorting algorithm ?
Suppose that someone sells you a sorting algorithm : the algorithms takes groups of records and sorts them according to any key that you like .
What does it mean to be a correct sorting algorithm ?
I once asked someone this question — their answer was :
The algorithm ’s output must be a permutation of the input records .
The algorithm cannot change the records in any manner at all .
The algorithm ’s output must have the records in the correct order based on the given key .
If the keys of the output records are then ,
Is this the right definition of a sorting algorithm ?
Would you buy this algorithm from me ?
Or is this definition “ wrong ” ?
The definition is not precise enough ; if you used this algorithm to do many tasks that arise , there would be a problem .
The issue is that the definition does not insist that the sorting algorithm be stable .
A sorting algorithm is stable if it retains the order of the records that have the same key .
For example , quicksort is not stable , but merge is stable .
Consider three records
Suppose we sort the records on the second key : the last names .
Then , we sort on first names .
This could be the outcome :
This is not what we wanted : the records are not sorted according to last names and then first names .
A stable sort would have yielded the correct order :
What is a secure protocol ?
Modern cryptography has stated many definitions that attempted to capture some notion of security .
Then , later on the notion was discovered to be deficient : usually the definition sounded right , but lacked the exact property that was wanted .
So a new definition was created and the process continues
I will say more about this in the future .
Justification of Definitions
If definitions can be “ wrong , ” how do we know that they are “ right ? ”
The best methods that I know are based on two kinds of evidence .
Equivalence Approach :
One method of getting some confidence that a definition is right is to show that it has many different equivalent definitions .
This is done throughout mathematics .
For example , there are many very different — but equivalent — definitions of a continuous function .
Some use and ‘s , others use topology , and others use
In computing there are many equivalent definitions of the complexity class NP , for example .
The fact that very different definitions yield the same concept is good evidence that the definition is the right one .
Consequence Approach : Another method for increasing confidence that a definition is correct is to look “ consequences . ”
For example , the fact that the original definition of a curve could fill a square was not expected .
One could argue that the “ right ” definition of a curve would not have this property .
Another example is the definition of continuous functions .
The fact that they are closed under certain basic operations gives one a good feeling that the definition is right .
If our definition of some property is not closed under reasonable operations — operations we feel it should be closed under — then the definition probably is not capturing our intuition .
Open Problems
Any definition is valid .
Some definitions are interesting , some are silly , some definitions are useful .
But , getting the right definition is not easy .
Often it is quite hard to get the definition that captures the property that you are after .
The open question you might think about is : are the definitions you work with the right ones ?
How do you know that they make sense ?
I would argue that more thought should go into definition justification .
Often — especially in computing — we are given a definition without any supporting arguments .
In the past , we 've labeled Dr. Anthony Atala a mad - but - completely - sane scientist because he 's been growing Frankensteinian replacement body parts in his lab for years .
But in his recently published TEDMED talk , you 'll realize that idea is less sick than inspiring .
I caught up with Dr. Atala after this talk , discussing with him the possibility of a Gizmodo feature on his research that eventually came to fruition .
Almost sheepishly , he stressed how skimming over so much research in so little time made each development look simple , when in all reality , the trial and error involved regarding each individual component was staggering .
Advertisement
Either way , it 's a fantastic clip — one of those presentations that just makes you excited to be alive ( while reaffirming that developments are in the works to keep you that way ) .
[ TEDMED ]
The Treasury snuck in another big bailout on Christmas Eve :
It removed the cap on the amount of money it will provide to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to cover their ongoing mortgage losses .
There is now no limit on how much we taxpayers will shovel down these black holes .
The move is designed to reassure Fannie and Freddie bondholders , who provide a lot of the money the companies use to support the housing market .
These bondholders have now apparently been given an explicit government guarantee , in perpetuity .
The move is also obviously designed to continue to prop up house prices , which , thanks to artificially low mortgage rates , are still above long - term norms .
On a more positive note , the Treasury also announced that it will stop buying Fannie and Freddie mortgages ( though the Fed will presumably keep doing so ) .
The total bailout so far is $ 111 billion .
The removal of the cap will further distort prices and activity in the housing market , which is now massively subsidized by government programs .
It will continue to reward bondholders for being stupid .
And it will likely result in additional huge losses for taxpayers .
It was obviously not an accident that the Treasury announced the plan after the market close on Christmas Eve , or that the press - release headline made the announcement sound like a mere " update . "
Republicans , understandably , are screaming .
Jessica Holzer and Michael Crittenden , WSJ : The U.S. Treasury said it would provide capital as needed to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac over the next three years , effectively opening its checkbook to the government - controlled companies in a bid to reassure investors in their debt .
Treasury also will end its purchases of the companies ' mortgage - backed securities and terminate a never - used short - term liquidity facility set up for the firms and the Federal Home Loan Banks .
And it moved to allow the companies to shrink their giant portfolios of mortgage securities more slowly , though it said it was still " committed to the principle " of reducing the portfolios .
Treasury announced the moves in a Christmas Eve press release , a week before its authority to change the terms of its agreements with the companies was set to expire .
After Dec. 31 , Treasury would need the consent of Congress to make such changes .
Keep reading >
Here 's the release :
December 24 , 2009
2009-12-24-15-34-59-24543
TREASURY ISSUES UPDATE ON STATUS OF SUPPORT FOR HOUSING PROGRAMS
U.S. Treasury Department
Office of Public Affairs
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE : December 24 , 2009
CONTACT : Treasury Public Affairs ( 202 ) 622-2960
Treasury Issues Update on Status
of Support for Housing Programs
The Freddie Mac 509 Amendment is available here .
The Fannie Mae 509 Amendment is available here .
WASHINGTON – Today , the U.S. Department of the Treasury provided an update on initiatives established under the Housing and Economic Recovery Act ( HERA ) of 2008 , which supports housing market stabilization and provides relief to struggling homeowners .
As part of a commitment to wind down programs that were established during the crisis and are no longer critical to financial stability , Treasury will terminate several HERA programs at the end of the year .
Treasury will also amend the terms of its agreements with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to support their ongoing stability .
The steps outlined today are necessary for preserving the continued strength and stability of the mortgage market .
Program Wind Downs
The program that Treasury established under HERA to support the mortgage market by purchasing Government - Sponsored Enterprise ( GSE ) - guaranteed mortgage - backed securities ( MBS ) will end on December 31 , 2009 .
By the conclusion of its MBS purchase program , Treasury anticipates that it will have purchased approximately $ 220 billion of securities across a range of maturities .
The short - term credit facility that Treasury established under HERA for Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and the Federal Home Loan Banks will terminate on December 31 , 2009 .
This credit facility was designed to provide a backstop source of liquidity and has not been used .
Amendments to Terms of Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements
At the time the Federal Housing Finance Agency ( FHFA ) placed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into conservatorship in September 2008 , Treasury established Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements ( PSPAs ) to ensure that each firm maintained a positive net worth .
Treasury is now amending the PSPAs to allow the cap on Treasury 's funding commitment under these agreements to increase as necessary to accommodate any cumulative reduction in net worth over the next three years .
At the conclusion of the three year period , the remaining commitment will then be fully available to be drawn per the terms of the agreements .
Neither firm is near the $ 200 billion per institution limit established under the PSPAs .
Total funding provided under these agreements through the third quarter has been $ 51 billion to Freddie Mac and $ 60 billion to Fannie Mae .
The amendments to these agreements announced today should leave no uncertainty about the Treasury 's commitment to support these firms as they continue to play a vital role in the housing market during this current crisis .
The PSPAs also cap the size of the retained mortgage portfolios and require that the portfolios are reduced over time .
Treasury is also amending the PSPAs to provide Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with some additional flexibility to meet the requirement to reduce their portfolios .
The portfolio reduction requirement for 2010 and after will be applied to the maximum allowable size of the portfolios – or $ 900 billion per institution – rather than the actual size of the portfolio at the end of 2009 .
Treasury remains committed to the principle of reducing the retained portfolios .
To meet this goal , Treasury does not expect Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to be active buyers to increase the size of their retained mortgage portfolios , but neither is it expected that active selling will be necessary to meet the required targets .
FHFA will continue to monitor and oversee the retained portfolio activities in a manner consistent with the FHFA 's responsibility as conservator and the requirements of the PSPAs .
Treasury is making two additional changes to the PSPAs .
Treasury will delay setting the Periodic Commitment Fee by one year to December 31 , 2010 .
Treasury will also make technical changes to the definitions of mortgage assets and indebtedness to make compliance with the covenants of the PSPAs less burdensome and more transparent in light of impending accounting changes .
The Path to Longer Term Reform
The Administration is in the process of reviewing issues around longer term reform of the federal government 's role in the housing market .
We expect to provide a preliminary report around the time President Obama releases his fiscal 2011 budget in February 2010 .
Recent announcements on the tightening of underwriting standards by Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and the Federal Housing Administration , demonstrate a commitment to prudent housing finance policy that enables a transition to an environment where the private market is able to provide a larger source of mortgage finance .
Some of our most interesting entries come from anonymous contributors .
Everything sent in using this survey is collected over the week and posted every Monday .
We promise : everything 's completely anonymous and we 'll post anything as long as it does n't contain personal attacks or hate speech .
For more information , check this out .
ZERO HOUR !
Please note that this is not an official or authorized script for this movie .
This is a transcription of the final product into text form .
It is also not guaranteed to be 100 % accurate .
Much of the dialog in this movie was lifted verbatim for the Zucker - Abrahams - Zucker comedy Airplane ! , although some of the lifted dialog was spoken by different characters in that later movie .
Therefore , all dialog in the following transcript that also appears in Airplane ! is shown in this typeface .
Zero Hour !
[ Opening title sequence shows World War II fighter planes — presumably Canadian Air Force Spitfires — taking off from a military air base and undergoing ( if you 'll pardon the pun ) a flight into danger . ]
NARRATOR : On April 10th , 1945 , units of the 72nd squadron of the Royal Air Force crossed the boundary of Germany under the command of Canadian squadron leader Ted Stryker .
Their mission : penetrate enemy fighter cover and hold the formation intact for a vital incendiary raid on the German supply depots of Weissbaden .
At 07:30 , 12 miles from the target , enemy fighters were sighted directly ahead .
Stryker led his planes to meet them .
[ Various shots of an aerial dogfight involving Stryker 's Spitfire squadron and German WW2 fighter planes , some with stock footage , some with closeups of nose cannons and wing - mounted machine guns on real airplanes , and some with model airplanes set on fire . ]
NARRATOR : Using the thick fog banks below as a cover , the Spitfires eluded the remaining German fighters and re-formed for the initial run on the target .
Although Stryker 's weather briefing reports had indicated that Weissbaden would be clear , the fog had closed in over the entire area .
There were two possible decisions : pass up the vital target for a less important alternate to the south , or maintain the descent relying completely on instruments and a possible break in the fog near the ground level .
Stryker went for the vital target .
Too late he realized his mistake ; blinded by the fog , six of Stryker 's men crashed into the German countryside .
[ Shots of model airplanes in the fog , crashing into a model of the German countryside and bursting into flame .
Dissolve to establishing shot of Edinburgh Military Hospital . ]
NARRATOR : Five weeks later , the war in Europe was over .
But for squadron leader Stryker , seriously wounded in the course of the raid , a new kind of war was just beginning .
[ Ted Stryker is lying on a hospital bed , reliving the scene in his mind . ]
FIGHTER PILOT # 1 [ voiceover ] :
It 's closed in , Ted .
What about the alternate target ?
FIGHTER PILOT # 2 [ voiceover ] :
Ca n't see anything in this fog .
FIGHTER PILOT # 3 [ voiceover ] : Maybe we 're off course .
STRYKER [ voiceover ] :
We 're on course .
FIGHTER PILOT # 4 [ voiceover ] :
We 're too low , Ted !
We 're too low !
[ Their planes crash into the German countryside .
Again .
Dissolve to BRITISH ARMY DOCTOR shining a light in Stryker 's eyes , examining him . ]
DOCTOR : Hmmm .
It seems to be healing very nicely , everything considered .
Pressure on the optic nerve is almost completely gone .
There any pain left in there ?
STRYKER : No .
DOCTOR : Keep looking straight ahead .
... I heard about that meeting at headquarters this morning .
Your taking all the blame for what happened on that raid was a pretty courageous thing to do .
STRYKER : Was it ?
Because of my mistake , six men did n't return from that raid .
DOCTOR : What 's the good of condemning yourself ?
Nothing you can do about it now .
STRYKER : No , there 's nothing I can do about it ; that does n't mean I can live with it .
DOCTOR : You 're gonna have to , sooner or later , you might as well get used to it .
If you do n't , you have n't got much of a life ahead of you .
STRYKER : That 's easy to say .
But those were my men .
We 'd been through a lot together .
They were depending on me .
They'd be going home now , if I had n't failed 'em .
DOCTOR : What about failing yourself ?
You know , I ... I 've been watching you the past few weeks here at the hospital .
Seeing no one , speaking to no one .
You 're on the run , Stryker .
You 've gotta face what happened .
Forget it .
Nobody 's got a corner on mistakes , in a war or any other time .
...
Good luck , Stryker .
[ Dissolve to city skyline .
Text on screen : " CANADA 1956 " .
Shot moves to office door with text : " MID - CANADIAN AIRCRAFT CO .
LTD , JET RESEARCH WINNIPEG DIVISION " .
Ted is sitting in front of the desk of FRANK GRAHAM . ]
STRYKER : Well , you have the authority to hire anybody you want , have n't you ?
FRANK : After they 're cleared for the kind of highly classified government work we 're doing , yes .
STRYKER : What is it ?
My war record again ?
FRANK : No , not really .
You 're the only one keeping that alive .
For most people , it 's ancient history .
STRYKER : You expect me to believe that ?
FRANK : It 's the truth .
Frankly , what bothers us is your record since the war .
Twelve jobs in ten years , and not any one of them shows you can accept any responsibility .
Not one of them was worthy of a man of your training and experience .
STRYKER : But I 've stayed away from the thing I was really trained for .
You know why .
But now ... look , Frank .
I may be all those things they say I am .
But I think I can handle that job , and I need it very badly .
My wife and I ... well , we 're right at the breaking point .
I 'll do anything you say if you 'll just give me a chance .
I wo n't let you down , Frank , I promise you .
FRANK : All right , I 'll see what I can do .
STRYKER : Thanks .
[ Stryker is walking down the street carrying a sack of groceries , sticking out of which is the top of a bottle of wine .
He comes across MRS .
PURTY , his landlady , who is checking the mail . ]
STRYKER : Hi , Mrs. Purty .
Anything for me ?
MRS .
PURTY : No , there 's one for your wife .
Say , it looks like you two are going to do a little celebrating .
STRYKER : Oh , everything the law allows , after all this is a pretty special occasion .
MRS .
PURTY : I bet I know , you got that job you 've been wanting .
STRYKER : It looks that way .
I 'll tell you all about it later .
[ Inside Stryker 's house ]
STRYKER : Ellen ? ...
Oh , Ellen , I think —
[ But no one is there .
He looks around the house , finds a note left on a desk , reads it , and crumples it up .
Dissolve to the local airport at night .
Over the top of a chain link fence , Stryker sees MRS .
ELLEN STRYKER climbing the stairs to board a propeller - driven DC - 4 airliner .
The words " THE MARIA MADELON " are visible on the side of the aircraft , and at least part of the FAA registration number , " CF - 141 " , is visible on the underside of its left wing . ]
STRYKER : Ellen !
Ellen !
[ But Ellen does n't hear him and climbs aboard the plane .
Stryker jogs back toward the airport terminal .
Dissolve to the interior of the plane .
There are two seats on either side of the aisle .
Ellen is seated next to her son , JOEY STRYKER . ]
JOEY : When do we take off , mom ?
ELLEN : Oh , any minute now , dear .
They 've almost finished loading the baggage .
[ Stryker jogs up the steps to board the plane at the last minute .
He is greeted by STEWARDESS JANET TURNER . ]
JANET : We 'll be taking off in a few minutes , sir .
Do you want to take the empty seat right up there ?
STRYKER : Thank you .
[ Stryker sees his wife and son , who do not notice him , and straps himself into the empty seat .
The propeller engines sputter to life , the plane taxis to the runway , and the captain and copilot both advance all 4 throttles to full power at the same time .
Stryker is sweating and gripping his armrest during takeoff .
After takeoff , Stryker gets up and locks himself in the bathroom .
Apparently , DC - 4 bathrooms have windows in them , because Stryker then peers out the window and sees the exhaust pipes for the left inboard engine belching smoke and / or flame ( which apparently is normal ) .
Stryker has more flashbacks of his fighter squadron crashing into the German countryside .
When he finally comes out of the bathroom , he runs into CAPTAIN BILL WILSON , the plane 's pilot , who is getting a drink of water . ]
CAPTAIN : D'you feel all right , sir ?
STRYKER : Oh ... I have n't been up for a long time .
CAPTAIN : Would you like some dramamine ?
[ Stryker shakes his head no .
The captain gives Stryker a funny stare as the Captain walks away .
Stryker walks down the aisle to confront his wife and son . ]
ELLEN [ to Joey ] :
There 's only room for one [ mumbled words ] — [ she notices Stryker ]
Ted !
JOEY : Dad !
I thought you were n't coming !
STRYKER : Hi , Joey ! [ to Ellen ]
I came home early and found your note ; I guess you meant for me to read it later .
Ellen , I 've got to talk to you .
Joey can sit in my seat back there .
ELLEN : I just do n't want to go over it any more .
STRYKER : I just thought ... how'd you like to go up into the cockpit , Joey ?
JOEY : Could we ?!
STRYKER : I 'll check with the stewardess and see if they 'll let us up there .
[ Cut to stewardess Janet talking with her beau , TONY DECKER . ]
TONY : Be reasonable , Janet .
I can't help breaking our date in Vancouver .
I 've gotta be in Seattle by tomorrow night or I 'll lose the late club job .
You know what it means if I can work myself into that emcee spot ?
We could be married by summer !
JANET : Sounds a little familiar , like one of your routines .
[ Stryker approaches , and Janet returns businesslike to looking at her clipboard . ]
JANET : I 'm sure whatever your reasons are , they 're excellent , Mr. Decker .
STRYKER : Hi .
JANET : Your name , sir ?
STRYKER : Stryker .
JANET : Oh , yes , Mr. Stryker , I was just speaking to your wife and little boy ; I did n't know you were travelling together .
STRYKER : That 's all right .
Look , I wonder if you could do me a favor .
My boy has never been inside of a cockpit before , and like all boys he 's crazy about planes and pilots —
JANET : Oh , I 'm sure we could arrange that .
[ In the cockpit , the captain is talking with FIRST OFFICER WALT STEWART , the plane 's copilot . ]
FIRST OFFICER : Temperature 's creeping up again on number three , Bill .
CAPTAIN : I 'll open the cowl flaps a little more .
FIRST OFFICER : Still running a little hot .
JANET [ entering the cockpit with Stryker and Joey in tow ] :
We have visitors .
CAPTAIN : Hello !
FIRST OFFICER : Hi !
JANET : This is Captain Wilson , and our first officer , Mr. Stewart , and this is Mr. Stryker and his son , Joey .
STRYKER : We do n't want to be in the way up here , but I just thought the boy might have a quick look .
CAPTAIN : You feeling any better ?
STRYKER : Yeah , I 'm okay now .
JANET : I 'll be serving dinner pretty soon .
We have a choice tonight : grilled halibut , or lamb chops .
CAPTAIN : I 'll try the fish , it was pretty good last week .
FIRST OFFICER : Same for me , Janet .
JANET : Okay .
JOEY : That 's what I 'd like too , please .
JANET : All right , I 'll serve it to you as soon as you come back .
What about you , Mr. Stryker ?
STRYKER : I 'll have the meat , thank you .
JANET : All right .
CAPTAIN [ to Joey ] :
Come on , move up here , you can see better .
[ takes out a toy DC - 4 ]
Joey , here 's something we give our special visitors .
Would you like to have it ?
JOEY : Thank you !
Thanks a lot ?
CAPTAIN : You ever been in a cockpit before ?
JOEY : No , sir !
I 've never been up in a plane before !
FIRST OFFICER : How do you like it ?
JOEY : Swell ! [ pointing at controls ]
Are those the things that work the propellers ?
CAPTAIN : How'd you know that ?
JOEY : My dad .
He was a flyer in the war .
He flew jets .
STRYKER : I 've told you before , Joey .
They did n't have jets when I flew .
JOEY : Oh .
Well , he flew a lot , anyway .
Fighters .
Shot down a lot of planes , too , did n't you , dad ?
STRYKER : Joey .
CAPTAIN : You never fly , anymore ?
I thought you service guys never got it out of your system .
FIRST OFFICER :
You want me to check the weather , Bill ?
CAPTAIN : No , I 'll get it .
' Scuse me .
STRYKER : We 'd better get back , now .
FIRST OFFICER : Uh , Joey can stay up here for a while , if he'd like to .
JOEY : Could I , dad ?
STRYKER : Okay , but do n't get in the way .
Thanks very much .
CAPTAIN : Flight 714 to Winnipeg radio , climbing , climbing to cruise eight thousand .
What 's the latest on the weather , please ?
WINNIPEG RADIO [ filtered ] :
It 's not good .
Looks like snow and ice crystals around Regina .
Most likely some fog in an hour or two .
But you 're not going into Calgary , so that should n't bother you .
CAPTAIN : What 's the forecast in Vancouver ?
WINNIPEG RADIO [ filtered ] :
Should be all right when the fog clears , Captain .
CAPTAIN : Flight 714 , thanks a lot .
Well , Joey , what do you think of all this ?
Would you like to grow up and be a pilot like your dad ?
[ Joey smiles and nods .
Meanwhile , Stryker is back sitting next to Ellen . ]
STRYKER : Try it again with me , Ellen .
Just try .
ELLEN : I have .
I , I 've tried to believe that ... you 'd take hold somewhere .
Ted , face it for once .
We 've been on the run ever since the war .
Different cities , different jobs , and all the time you kept growing further and further away from Joey and me .
He 's needed you , Ted .
I 've needed you .
But you were never there .
STRYKER : I know things have n't been right for a long time , Ellen .
But it 'll be different .
Like it was in the beginning , remember ?
ELLEN : I remember everything .
It 's all I 've ever had to go on .
Mostly , I remember ... the nights when we were together .
I remember how you used to hold me .
Then afterwards , how we'd ... watch until the sun finally came up .
When it did , it was almost like ... like each new day was created ... only for us .
STRYKER : That 's the way I 've always wanted it to be , no matter what 's happened , Ellen .
ELLEN : But I remember other things , too .
How you began to change right in front of my eyes .
Everything that we had together , Ted , is ... it 's gotten lost somewhere .
It is n't what you did , it 's ... more and more what you did n't do .
Maybe I should have been of more help to you .
But you would n't even let me do that .
All I 've ever wanted was to see you stop running away , to face the one big mistake you ever made in your whole life .
It 's the kind of a mistake that any man could make under fire .
And I 've waited ... waited so long for you to ... make a stand somewhere .
For the three of us .
STRYKER : I will .
I promise .
ELLEN : Joey and I can't live any longer on your promises , I 'm sorry .
STRYKER : Do n't you feel anything for me at all anymore ?
ELLEN : It takes so many things to make love last .
Most of all , it takes respect .
I can't live with a man I do n't respect .
[ Three old Irishmen , WHITMOND THE ARGO FAN and his two DRINKING BUDDIES , are pouring themselves cups of whiskey . ]
WHITMOND : Here , put it in the cupboard , quick !
JANET : Boys !
WHITMOND : This is just a drop o' water , you know .
JANET : Are you about ready for something to eat ?
WHITMOND : Well , we 're about worked up to it at that !
JANET : What would you like , grilled halibut or lamb chops ?
WHITMOND : Well , now is n't this just like home !
I 'll have a wee bit o' the halibut .
Are the chips come with it ?
JANET : Well , no , not chips , but we have the specialty of the house , we have au gratin potatoes .
WHITMOND : Uh huh .
JANET : What about you gentlemen ?
DRINKING BUDDY # 1 : I believe I 'll have the meat , miss .
JANET : Uh huh .
DRINKING BUDDY # 2 : So will I .
JANET : Okay .
WHITMOND : Say , why do n't you come to the big game with us tomorrow .
It should be a good one , you know !
JANET : Oh , I do n't know anything about football .
WHITMOND : Heh !
Well , you 'll be right at home with my two friends here .
They do n't know anything about it either .
JANET : Oh , I can hardly believe that .
WHITMOND [ to drinking buddies ] :
You just do n't understand this new formation the Argos have .
This chap goes way out into the flat , where he can take off fast or go long .
That 's what they call a flanker , and you just cannot defense against it .
[ Meanwhile , in the cockpit : ]
CATPAIN : We 'll see you later , Joey .
JOEY : Okay , thanks a lot !
CAPTAIN : Nice boy , huh ?
FIRST OFFICER : Sure is .
[ Janet enters with a tray of food ]
FIRST OFFICER : Hey , we 've been waitin ' for you !
A little bit late tonight .
JANET : Who wants to be first ?
CAPTAIN : Go ahead , Walt , I got it .
FIRST OFFICER : Okay .
JANET : How 's the weather ?
CAPTAIN : Not so good .
We 've got some heavy stuff ahead of us .
It might get rough unless we can climb on top .
JANET : Oh , do you think we 'll get in on time ?
CAPTAIN : About a half hour late , I 'd say .
FIRST OFFICER : Hey , Jan ?
JANET : Yeah ?
FIRST OFFICER : How 're you and that boyfriend of yours doing back there ?
Think you 'll ever get him to the altar ?
JANET : I 'll get him there if I have to drag him every inch of the way .
After all , remember , I 've been trained for every kind of emergency .
How 's the fish ?
FIRST OFFICER : Mmm , not bad , not bad at all .
Save me some seconds if you have some left over , huh ?
JANET : Save you some seconds ?
Mr. Stewart , I think that with your appetite that this airline can't afford you any longer .
Well , back to the kitchen !
[ Stryker is sitting next to Joey ]
JOEY : I sure wish you had flown jets , dad .
STRYKER : I 'm afraid they 're a little too fast for me , Joey .
JOEY : Why do n't you fly any more ?
I wish you would .
Then you could take me up with you .
Maybe you could even teach me to fly .
That 'd be great !
We could have a lot of fun .
STRYKER : I just do n't seem to have the time any more , Joey .
JOEY : You never have time for anything .
STRYKER : I know .
JOEY : Dad ?
STRYKER : Yeah ?
JOEY : Why were mom and me going away without you ?
STRYKER : Well , uh , Joey , your mother felt that it might be a good idea for you two to have a little trip together .
And I just did n't know whether I could go or not .
' Til the last minute .
JOEY : I was afraid we were n't going to see you again .
Ever .
STRYKER : Where did you ever get that idea ?
[ hugs Joey fervently ]
[ The plane is flying through , or near , a thunderstorm ]
JANET : Are you finished ?
WHITMOND : Oh , thank you .
I do n't like this rain , love .
Our boys would get hurt on a wet field .
JANET : It 's gonna clear off in Vancouver by tomorrow , Mr. Whitmond , we just got that report .
WHITMOND : Well , I 'm glad to hear it !
I can rest a bit easier now .
You see , between you and me , I have some fairly nice wagers on the contest tomorrow .
JANET : Oh !
Well , I wish you a lot of luck .
WHITMOND : Well , thank you very much .
[ Whitmond uncorks his whiskey bottle , much to the dismay of the LADY PASSENGER sitting next to him . ]
WHITMOND : Would you care for a drop , madam ?
MRS .
SUMMERS : Certainly not .
[ Joey is sitting next to Tony , who puts on an Irish glove puppet named PADDY . ]
PADDY : [ yawns ]
I had such a good sleep .
Wait a minute .
I think there 's someone starin ' at us .
[ Joey giggles ]
TONY : Paddy , we 're on an airplane , there are other people with us , remember ?
PADDY : He 's not joinin ' our act now , is he , Tony ?
You know I work alone .
TONY : Oh , stop .
PADDY : I 'll find out for meself .
Excuse me , young man , are you in show business ?
JOEY : Who me ?
PADDY : He 's a nice lookin ' boy .
He might be movie material .
JOEY : Say , what 's his name ?
TONY : Paddy .
He works for me .
PADDY [ to Janet ] : Hello , darlin ' .
Oh , fasten your safety belts , it 's gonna be a rough ride .
JANET : It certainly is .
Joey , here 's your dinner .
PADDY : Well , you did n't bring me my dinner , darlin ' !
JANET : Well , what would you like ?
PADDY : A little kiss .
JANET : Not now , later .
TONY : He 's got a one - track mind , just like me .
JANET : Oh , Paddy , you 're impossible !
[ The plane flies through some cloud tops .
A SICK WOMAN ON PLANE starts to moan . ]
JANET : Yes ?
SICK WOMAN : I can't stand it !
JANET : What is it ?
SICK WOMAN : I can't stand it .
My stomach .
I 've never felt anything like it before .
Help me .
Please help me .
JANET : Just a moment , I 'll get you some dramamine .
[ Janet goes to the back of the plane and calls the Captain on the intercom phone . ]
CAPTAIN : Yes ?
JANET : Captain , one of the woman passengers is very sick .
CAPTAIN : Airsick ?
JANET : I think so , but I 've never seen it so acute .
CAPTAIN : Find out if there 's a doctor on board , as quietly as you can .
I 'll be back as soon as we get over this weather .
FIRST OFFICER : We 're running into icing conditions .
Can you clear us to get over it at ten thousand feet ?
VOICE ON RADIO [ filtered ] : Okay , ATC clears flight 714 to ten thousand .
Go ahead .
FIRST OFFICER : 714 to ATC , thank you .
[ The first officer wipes sweat off his brow .
Janet returns to the Sick Woman with a cup and pills . ]
JANET : Here , these pills should help you .
Now try to relax , the Captain will be back to see you in just a moment .
SICK WOMAN : Thank you .
How long before we land ?
JANET : Almost five hours .
[ The plane flies along .
Janet talks to one of the passengers . ]
JANET : I 'm sorry I had to wake you , there 's no emergency , it 's just a passenger who 's in a little discomfort and we thought perhaps a doctor could help .
So go back to sleep , fasten your safety belts , and we 'll to be out of the storm in a little while .
WOMAN : Stewardess ?
JANET : Yes ?
WOMAN : I think the man next to me is a doctor .
JANET : Oh , thank you .
Sir ?
Excuse me , sir .
I 'm sorry to have to wake you .
Are you a doctor ?
DR. BAIRD [ with a British accent ] :
That 's right .
JANET : We have a passenger who 's very sick , could you come take a look at her ?
DR .
BAIRD : Yes , yes , of course .
STRYKER : My boy 's sick to his stomach .
It 's like airsickness , only it 's a lot worse .
I 've never seen anything like it before .
JANET : Well , this gentleman 's a doctor .
DR . BAIRD : I 'll be with you in a moment .
Try to keep him as quiet as you can .
STRYKER : All right , but hurry , doctor .
JANET [ to Sick Woman ] :
This gentleman 's a doctor , he 's going to help you .
DR .
BAIRD : May I see your tongue please ?
[ The Sick Woman quickly sticks her tongue out at Dr. Baird .
Baird shines a penlight in each of her eyes , then presses on her abdomen . ]
DR .
BAIRD : Is the pain there ?
SICK WOMAN : No .
DR .
BAIRD : There ?
[ The Sick Woman nods as she cringes .
Baird gives her a pill out of a small bottle from his bag . ]
DR . BAIRD : I 'll be back in a minute .
[ Baird ushers Janet away from the Sick Woman . ]
DR .
BAIRD : You 'd better tell the Captain , we 've got to land as soon as we can .
This woman has to be gotten to a hospital .
JANET : What do you think it is ?
DR .
BAIRD : Well , I can't be sure yet .
But I know it 's serious enough to land at the nearest city with hospital facilities .
Better tell the captain I want to speak to him .
JANET : Certainly .
STRYKER [ holding a blanket ] :
Put this around you , Joey , it 'll keep you warm .
DR . BAIRD : Hello , son .
Sorry you 're not feeling well .
Could you put your tongue out please ?
[ Joey sticks his tongue out at Dr. Baird while Baird shines a penlight in Joey 's eyes . ]
DR .
BAIRD : What 's he had to eat in the last 24 hours ?
ELLEN : Oh , just the usual things .
Bacon and poached eggs for breakfast , a roast beef sandwich at noon , and , uh , dinner on the plane .
DR. BAIRD [ handing her a couple of pills ] :
Well , these should help him .
ELLEN : Thank you .
DR . BAIRD : I 'll be back in a minute .
[ The First Officer mops his sweaty brow again , while the Captain is with Dr. Baird in the passenger cabin . ]
DR .
BAIRD : Captain , how soon can we land ?
CAPTAIN : Can't .
DR . BAIRD : Why ?
CAPTAIN : Weather conditions .
Fog has closed down everything this side of the mountains .
We 'll have to go through to Vancouver .
DR .
BAIRD : But is that faster than turning back ?
CAPTAIN : Yes , we 've passed the point of no return .
DR .
BAIRD : Well , how soon do you expect to land ?
CAPTAIN : About , uh , 2:15 Pacific time , roughly ... four hours from now .
DR .
BAIRD : Well , I 'll just have to do what I can .
[ The plane rocks dangerously back - and - forth .
The First Officer is unconscious , leaning on the control yoke . ]
CAPTAIN : Get him out of there !
[ Baird pulls the First Officer out of his seat as the Captain regains control . ]
CAPTAIN : What is it , doctor ?
What 's happening ?
DR .
BAIRD : There 's a common denominator to these attacks , there 's got to be !
Most likely thing is food .
What was it we had for dinner ?
JANET : Well , the main course was meat or fish .
DR .
BAIRD : Yes , yes , I remember , I had meat .
What did he have ?
JANET : Fish .
DR .
BAIRD : And the two sick passengers ?
JANET : Well , the little boy had fish ; I do n't remember about the woman .
DR .
BAIRD : Well , find out quickly , please .
[ Janet approaches a PASSENGER WITH SICK WIFE .
( Not the same wife as the Sick Woman in previous scenes . ) ]
JANET : Yes ?
PASSENGER : Oh , stewardess , my wife is very sick , can you do something please ?
JANET : Oh , well , the doctor will be with you in just a moment .
One thing ... do you know what she had for dinner ?
PASSENGER : Oh , yes , of course , we both had fish .
Why ?
JANET : Oh , it 's nothing to be alarmed about .
We 'll get back to you very quickly .
[ Dr. Baird is still in the cockpit ]
DR .
BAIRD : We 'll need ambulances standing by , and the hospital should be notified .
They have to have special equipment ready .
CAPTAIN : Right .
DR .
BAIRD : Is there any chance at all of landing near Calgary ?
CAPTAIN : None .
JANET : Doctor , the woman ate fish too , and there are two more cases and they ate fish .
DR .
BAIRD : Well , now we know what we 're facing .
Find out everybody on the plane who had fish and help me get medicine to them .
Captain , you better notify Vancouver to put a ban on serving any food from the source that furnished that fish .
CAPTAIN : Doctor ?
DR . BAIRD : Yes ?
CAPTAIN : I just remembered something .
I ate fish too .
[ Joey is so sick that he accidentally breaks the toy DC - 4 the captain gave him .
It 's a haunting metaphor for the impending crash of the real plane , or something . ]
JANET : Oh , darling .
Oh , here , sweetheart .
...
Try to stay covered , Joey ; I know it hurts , darling , but your father 's just gone for the doctor .
PLANE PASSENGER [ male ] : Stewardess , what 's going on ?
JANET : Just keep your seat .
Please .
STRYKER : Joey 's worse .
I 've got to see the doctor .
JANET : Oh , he 'll be with you in a minute .
Several people are ill .
We 're doing all we can .
STRYKER : What 's the matter ?
Does he know what it is ?
JANET : You better talk to him .
TONY : Can I help ?
JANET : Oh , yes , Tony , would you help me give out the medicine ?
TONY : Sure .
CAPTAIN : Calgary radio , this is 714 .
We 're in trouble .
We 've got to have all altitudes below us cleared , and priority approach and landing at Vancouver .
Go ahead .
CALGARY RADIO DISPATCHER : Stand by , 714 . [ picks up phone ]
Air traffic control Vancouver , priority message .
Calgary radio for Vancouver dispatcher , holding .
This is cross-Canada Calgary radio , flight 714 notifies emergency .
Wants all lower altitudes cleared , priority approach and landing .
Holding .
[ presses button ]
Flight 714 notifies emergency .
[ A VANCOUVER ASSISTANT pins a DC - 4 - shaped map tack onto a wall map , representing Flight 714 's position .
The VANCOUVER FLIGHT DISPATCHER is on the phone with the control tower . ]
VANCOUVER FLIGHT DISPATCHER [ on the phone ] : Hold all takeoffs .
That 's right , I do n't want another plane in the air .
I do n't care what the commitments are .
Charter flight 714 is in trouble .
Food poisoning .
I can't go into detail now , but it 's coming in without a copilot .
That 's what I said .
The copilot 's unconscious , and there 's a chance the food poisoning will strike the Captain too .
VANCOUVER ASSISTANT : What about that Air Force Northstar , just reported at eighteen thousand ?
VANCOUVER FLIGHT DISPATCHER : Tower , when the Northstar reports , bring it straight in .
And clear green airway one .
Yeah .
I 'll let you know the minute anything happens .
[ hangs up ]
VANCOUVER ASSISTANT :
You do n't really believe there 's a chance of that , do ya ?
The Captain getting sick , I mean ?
VANCOUVER FLIGHT DISPATCHER : You read the message .
This is going to be a real sweat .
Let 's take this in to Burdick .
[ HARRY BURDICK is in another room with lots of teletype noise going on in the background . ]
BURDICK : Put out a general bulletin to suspend all meal service on nonscheduled flights out of Winnipeg .
And try to keep everyone out of this area .
We do n't want a mob out here .
What 's the latest on the weather at Calgary ?
BURDICK'S ASSISTANT : Closed right down .
Low stratus and ground fog .
So are Edmonton and Lethbridge .
BURDICK : You workin ' them direct ?
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : No , through Calgary .
BURDICK : All right , get a message through .
Ask 'em if they 've got a doctor on board .
And tell them we 're getting the best possible medical advice here .
Get me Dr. Davis ; you 'll find his home number in the emergency list .
Then get me the police .
I want the weather on every kind of landing field on their side of the mountains .
You understand ?
Anyplace where there 's a chance to land this plane .
BURDICK'S ASSISTANT : No dice .
Calgary 's run that check .
There 's fog down to the deck everywhere east of the Rockies .
They 'll have to come through .
BURDICK : How long ago did Calgary talk to Captain Wilson ?
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : About ten minutes .
BURDICK : Is he still feeling all right ?
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : Has n't affected him at all , so far .
BURDICK : He 's gotta fight it off .
[ Dr. Baird injects the Captain with a hypodermic needle to the tune of a dramatic background - music sting . ]
DR .
BAIRD : The morphine should help you hold it off .
Do you still feel all right ?
CAPTAIN : Yeah .
DR .
BAIRD : Well , there 's seldom any logic to these things , you might not be affected at all .
CAPTAIN : How 're the people back there ?
DR .
BAIRD : We 'll take care of them all right .
You 're sure there 's no possibility of the weather clearing long enough for us to land before we start over the mountains ?
CAPTAIN : Not a chance .
DR . BAIRD : I 'd better get back .
I think I 'll tell them all what 's causing the trouble , if you 'll agree .
CAPTAIN : Go ahead .
... Doctor ?
I 'm glad you 're here .
[ Dr. Baird walks into the passenger cabin to spill the beans . ]
DR .
BAIRD : May I have your attention , please ?
My name is Baird ; I 'm a doctor .
As you know , some of the passengers are sick .
We suspect that the fish which was served for dinner might have been contaminated .
No cause for alarm .
Even if you had fish for dinner , you might not be affected .
But if you did have fish , we 'll tell you what to do .
STRYKER : The boy 's in an awful lot of pain .
Can you do anything for him ?
DR .
BAIRD : He 'll be asleep before long .
Keep him quiet and warm , that 's your job .
STRYKER : What 's going on up there ?
I think I have a right to know .
DR .
BAIRD : Do n't worry , everything 's all right .
JOEY : Dad , do n't leave me .
STRYKER : I won't , Joey .
JANET : Pardon me , Mr. Whitmond , did you have meat or fish for dinner ?
WHITMOND : I had the blinkin ' fish !
JANET : Well , here , take these pills , they 'll make you sick .
WHITMOND : Fine how - do - you - do this is !
They give you your dinner , then come around and ask for it back !
[ The plane rocks and a buzzer sounds .
Janet picks up the intercom phone . ]
JANET : Captain ?
Captain Wilson ?! [ hangs up ]
Quickly , it 's the Captain .
[ Baird and Janet march to the cockpit accompanied by ominous music .
Inside , the Captain is doubled over in pain . ]
JANET : Bill !
CAPTAIN : You 've gotta give me something so I can hold out ' til we land !
You understand ?
The automatic pilot'll fly itself on this course , but I 've gotta take it in !
[ Baird pulls the Captain out of the pilot 's seat . ]
JANET : Oh , watch the controls !
DR . BAIRD : I know .
Get a blanket !
We 've gotta keep him warm .
JANET : Doctor , can you do it ?
Can you help him make a landing ?
DR . BAIRD : Stewardess ... what 's your first name ?
JANET : Janet .
DR .
BAIRD : Well , Janet , you 're a member of this crew .
Can you face some unpleasant facts ?
JANET : I think so .
DR .
BAIRD : All right .
Unless I can get all these people to a hospital quickly , I can't even be sure of saving their lives .
JANET : I do n't understand .
What is it ?
DR .
BAIRD : Why , something toxic in that food tonight , some kind of bacteria poisoning .
JANET : But how did it get in there ?
DR .
BAIRD : There are hundreds of ways , that 's not important now .
What is important — these people need hospital facilities .
Stimulants .
Intravenous treatment for shock .
JANET : But the pilots ... how 're we gonna land ?
DR .
BAIRD : Is there anyone else on board who can land this plane ?
JANET : There 's no one on board from the airline , I do n't know of anybody else .
DR .
BAIRD : How many passengers are there ?
JANET : Thirty - eight .
DR . BAIRD : I think you ought to know what our chances are .
The life of everybody aboard depends on just one thing :
Finding someone back there who not only can fly this plane , but who did n't have fish for dinner .
JANET : Well , I suppose I better begin asking .
DR . BAIRD : Wait .
I do n't want the passengers to know yet ; it might start a panic .
JANET : Well , what am I going to tell them ?
DR .
BAIRD : Tell them , uh ... tell them the First Officer is sick , and the Captain wondered if there 's someone with flying experience who can help with the radio .
Do you understand , Janet ?
JANET : Yes , doctor .
[ Dissolve to scene of plane continuing to fly along .
Miraculously , the plane we 're shown this time only has two engines .
Perhaps flight 714's two outboard engines fell off or something . ]
JANET [ to Stryker ] : Excuse me .
The first officer is ill , and , and the Captain would like someone with flying experience to help him with the radio .
Do you know anything about planes ?
STRYKER : Well , I flew in the war ... but that was a long time ago .
I would n't know anything about it .
JANET : Would you go up , please ?
[ He does . ]
STRYKER : The stewardess said —
[ dramatic music as he sees the two empty pilot seats ]
STRYKER : Both pilots ?!
DR .
BAIRD : Can you fly this airplane and land it ?
STRYKER : No .
Not a chance .
JANET : Doctor , I 've asked everyone .
Mister Stryker 's the only one .
DR .
BAIRD : What flying experience have you had ?
STRYKER : Well , I was a fighter pilot in the war , but I flew little combat planes with only one engine .
This has four .
There 's no comparison .
The flying characteristics are completely different .
It 's a different kind of flying , altogether .
Besides , I have n't touched any kind of a plane in ten years .
DR . BAIRD : Mister Stryker , I know nothing about flying .
All I know is this .
You 're the only person on this plane who can possibly fly it .
You 're the only chance we 've got .
STRYKER : Are you sure ?
What about the pilots ?
You 're a doctor , ca n't you do something ?
DR .
BAIRD : Unless I can get all these people to a hospital quickly , I can't be sure of saving their lives .
...
And Mr. Stryker , the same thing is true of your son .
STRYKER : How long can they stay alive without help ?
DR .
BAIRD : Two hours .
Two - and - a - half , at the most .
[ Stryker checks his wristwatch ; it reads 12:37 .
Stryker dramatically approaches the pilot 's seats and gazes across the acres and acres of flight instruments .
Through the front windows , the windshield wipers are seen running .
Stryker sits down . ]
STRYKER : What 're you gonna tell the people back there ?
DR .
BAIRD : Nothing yet .
STRYKER : Better tell my wife something , she 's expecting me back .
DR .
BAIRD : Well , she must be brought up here , she 'll have to know about this .
Janet , you 'd better go and get her .
JANET : Yes .
STRYKER : Wait , what about our boy ?
JANET : Oh , I 'll see that he 's taken care of .
[ As she leaves , Stryker begins scrutinizing the instruments . ]
STRYKER : Let 's see ... altitude , ten thousand feet ... level flight ... airspeed , one forty knots ... course two nine zero ... we 're on automatic pilot , thankful for that ... prop controls , two thousand RPM ... trim ... mixture ... landing gear ... flaps ; should be an indicator somewhere — there it is ... oh , I 'll need a checklist for landing .
Maybe we can get that on the radio .
Doctor , did they say anything about the weather ?
DR .
BAIRD : Well , the Captain said we were near Calgary , but we could n't land because of bad weather .
STRYKER : Fog ?
DR .
BAIRD : Yeah , it 's closed down everything around here .
Said we'd have to go through to Vancouver .
STRYKER : Across the mountains .
DR .
BAIRD : That 's right .
STRYKER : What about Vancouver ?
Is it clear at Vancouver ?
DR . BAIRD : I think it will be by the time we get there .
It 's got to be .
[ Baird says a few more words to Stryker , but we can't hear them because the scene is shown from the outside , looking in through the windows with the running windshield wipers .
Janet re-enters the cockpit with Ellen . ]
ELLEN : Ted , what are you doing ?
You can't fly this plane !
STRYKER : That 's what I 've been trying to tell these people , Ellen .
But they seem to have other ideas .
DR . BAIRD : Mrs. Stryker , I have n't time to put this gently , so I 'll be very direct .
Both pilots are sick .
Everyone on this plane is in a desperate situation .
Yes , including your son .
Your husband is the only hope we 've got .
ELLEN : But he's —
DR .
BAIRD : If we 're going to come through this , he 's gonna need some faith from all of us .
Including you .
Do I make myself clear , Mrs. Stryker ?
ELLEN : I understand .
STRYKER : I 'm gonna need someone to help me up here , to work the radio and a few other things .
You 're the only one of the crew left , stewardess .
DR . BAIRD : I need her with the passengers .
STRYKER : Then get someone else .
DR .
BAIRD : Well , the fewer people know about this , the better .
Mrs. Stryker , you better stay with your husband .
ELLEN : But Joey 's still sick !
DR .
BAIRD : No , you can do more up here .
I 'll look after your boy .
STRYKER : He 's right , Ellen .
Get in this seat and strap yourself in , will ya ?
ELLEN : Ted , I do n't know anything about all this .
STRYKER : [ shrugs ]
We 're starting even .
DR .
BAIRD : Well , I 'm going back now .
STRYKER : Oh , stewardess !
You must have watched the pilots a lot .
Do you know how the radio works ?
They 've added a lot of gizmos since I did any flying .
JANET : It 's the panel down here they use , I know that .
STRYKER : Where 's the VHF ?
JANET : They , they do something with that thing up there .
STRYKER : That 's the frequency selector .
We 'd better leave that where it is .
JANET : Oh , but they do something with the little knob .
STRYKER : Oh , that 's it , transmit .
[ turns a flip - up lever on an overhead panel ]
This is flight 714 , is n't it ?
JANET : Yes .
I 'd better go help the doctor .
Mr. Stryker ?
STRYKER : Yes ?
JANET : Good luck .
STRYKER : Thanks .
...
Ellen , you 'd better put on that other headset .
I 'm not gonna try to kid you , Ellen ; this is gonna be tough .
So , if you wanna go back with the others ...
ELLEN : I 'll stay .
STRYKER : All right .
Let 's see , what do I do now ?
Call mayday , I guess .
ELLEN : What does that mean ?
STRYKER : It 's a pilot 's call for help when he 's up against it .
Takes precedence over anything else .
Here goes .
[ to microphone ]
Mayday , mayday , mayday .
This is cross-Canada charter , flight , flight 714 , in distress .
Come in , anyone !
CARGARY RADIO DISPATCHER : Seven one four , this is Calgary radio , pass your message .
[ to phone ]
Calgary to all stations , 714 called mayday .
Frequency 126.7 now closed to all other traffic .
STRYKER : My name is Ted Stryker , I 'm a passenger on this airplane .
Correction , I was a passenger .
CALGARY STATION MANAGER :
Where are the pilots ?
STRYKER : Both pilots are seriously ill .
CALGARY RADIO DISPATCHER : Fading !
CALGARY STATION MANAGER [ to phone ] : Vancouver , this is Calgary .
We 're getting a mayday from 714 .
It 's coming in now .
Right ! [ presses two buttons ]
Winnipeg , are you on the line ?
714 called mayday .
No details yet , get Ballard .
Hold , please .
CALGARY RADIO DISPATCHER [ to phone ] : 714 called mayday , stand by .
GUY IN WINNIPEG OFFICE : 714 called mayday !
Clear everything and hold all traffic .
BALLARD : Right .
STRYKER : ... and all my flying has been done in single - engine fighters .
And also , I have n't done any flying for ten years .
So what 'cha better do is get someone on this radio who can give me instructions in flying this plane , and landing it .
That 's the story .
It 's your move down there .
[ to Ellen ]
Wanna take a bet that stirred up some excitement ?
CARGARY RADIO DISPATCHER : Calgary to 714 , stand by please .
STRYKER : Okay . ...
Well , I guess I 'd better get myself oriented .
VANCOUVER FLIGHT DISPATCHER : Tell Calgary to acknowledge and have him stand by .
Tell him we 're getting help , we 'll be on the air with him as soon as we can .
VANCOUVER ASSISTANT : Winnipeg on the wire , Harry .
Ballard says he knows something about this man Stryker .
BURDICK : [ picks up phone ]
Burdick here .
...
We 'll do everything we can .
Yes , I understand .
[ hangs up ]
Get every piece of emergency equipment you can reach , alerted every mile of the way from here to the mountains .
And I want every light you can get , pour it on that field .
Might try praying a little too , they 're gonna need it .
Get me Captain Treleaven .
He flew with this man Stryker in the war , Ballard tells me , knows him inside - out .
We 've got to have him .
Then get me my office .
How 'bout some coffee , Johnny ?
Strong .
VANCOUVER ASSISTANT : Your office , line four .
BURICK : [ picks up phone ] 's that you , Max ?
I want a complete cockpit diagram for a DC - 4 , and a pre-landing flight check .
I'm in the dispatch office and I want 'em over here fast .
Right .
VANCOUVER FLIGHT DISPATCHER [ on phone ] : Yeah ?
The last ETA we had was 02:15 local time .
We 'll want all air traffic cleared from this area .
This guy doing the flying 's had no airline experience at all .
He 'll be a menace to himself and everything else in the air .
All right , let 's work for that .
I 'll call ya if there 's a change in time .
[ hangs up ]
This is gonna be a late night .
VANCOUVER ASSISTANT : Harry , Captain Treleaven 's not in .
I have his babysitter on the phone .
BURDICK : Okay .
Get a police car to pick him up as soon as I locate him .
[ to phone ]
This is the operations manager at the airport .
Now this is very important .
Do you know where Captain Treleaven was going this evening ?
[ The babysitter is watching John Ashley singing on TV , with the volume turned up full blast . ]
BABYSITTER : What did you say ?
I can't hear you .
BURDICK : Can you please tell me where Captain Treleaven was going this evening ?
BABYSITTER : Just a minute .
[ turns down TV with one of those wired " remotes " they used to have on TVs in the 1950s ]
What did you want ?
BURDICK : Please !
This is urgent !
Where is Captain Treleaven ?
BABYSITTER : Uh ... I ... think they said they were going to the Hotel Vancouver .
Yeah , uh , the Panorama Roof .
Yeah , sure .
Bye. [ hangs up and turns TV back up ]
STRYKER : Oh , what 's the matter with them down there ?
[ to radio ]
Calgary , this is 714 , do you have any message for me yet ?
Go ahead .
CALGARY RADIO DISPATCHER : Stand by , 714 .
Vancouver is doing everything possible .
We 'll be calling you very shortly .
STRYKER : Okay . [ to Ellen ]
Look , Ellen , in a little while I 'm gonna be pretty busy in here ; you 'd better take over the radio from here in .
ELLEN : How will I know what to do ?
STRYKER : There 's nothing to it .
Just take that microphone , there , that 's the one ; push that button on the side when you 're ready to talk .
I 'll tell you what to say .
VANCOUVER FLIGHT DISPATCHER [ on phone ] : Chief , this is cross-Canada dispatcher .
We have an emergency on flight 714 , due here at 02:15 local time .
Maybe a crash landing .
Stand by with everything you 've got .
And alert the air force , too .
And will you call the city fire department ?
They may wanna move equipment into the area .
Right . [ to assistant ]
Got city police ?
VANCOUVER ASSISTANT :
On your line now .
VANCOUVER FLIGHT DISPATCHER : Thanks .
[ to phone ]
This is cross-Canada charter .
Who is this please ? ...
Oh , inspector .
Uh , we 're in bad trouble .
[ A trumpet player is playing really really loudly in a nightclub dance hall .
A waiter interrupts CAPTAIN MARTIN TRELEAVEN and MRS .
TRELEAVEN while they 're dancing , to tell Captain Treleaven to take a phone call .
He picks up the phone and looks like he 's saying " Captain Treleaven " into the receiver , but the trumpeter is too loud for anything to be heard . ]
VANCOUVER FLIGHT DISPATCHER : Have you told the brass yet ?
BURDICK : I 've got a call in to Montreal now .
VANCOUVER FLIGHT DISPATCHER :
They 're not gonna like this .
BURDICK : Well , that 'd be a real help , wo n't it ?
We 've gotta get a statement to the press .
Better get Cliff Howard here to handle it .
VANCOUVER ASSISTANT : Okay , and the Boss 's on the line now , number three .
[ Stryker and Ellen look out through the cockpit window , again with the windshield wipers running . ]
BURDICK [ on phone ] :
No , sir , he is n't qualified , but I 've got our senior Captain coming in .
He flew with Stryker in the war .
Of course it 's a terrible risk , but can you think of something better ?
No , I have n't given any statement to the press ; Howard 's coming in for that .
VANCOUVER ASSISTANT [ as Treleaven enters ] : Harry ?
BURDICK : An ETA is 0215 Pacific Time .
I 've got a lot to do , sir , I 'd better get on with it .
I 'll call you as soon as I know anything more .
Bye. [ hangs up ]
Well , that 's the whole story , Martin .
Everything we know .
TRELEAVEN : All right , Harry , let 's face a few facts .
As you know , I flew with this man Stryker during the war .
What you do n't know is , that does n't make my job any easier here tonight .
Frankly , I think you'd be a lot better off if you got somebody else who does n't know him at all .
BURDICK : I do n't think that has anything to do with it .
TRELEAVEN : It has everything to do with it .
In the first place , I think it 's a mistake if he knows that I 'm the man who 's talkin ' 'im in .
He 'll have a million things on his mind without being reminded of those days when ... well , when things were n't so good .
BURDICK : Right now , things are n't so good .
And while we 're talking , there are 38 lives waiting on us for a decision .
TRELEAVEN : Let me tell you something .
Ted Stryker was a crack flight leader up to a point , but he was one of those men who ... well , let 's just say he felt too much inside .
Maybe you know the kind .
Ate his heart out over every name on the casualty list .
BURDICK : Well , what 's wrong with that ?
TRELEAVEN : I 'll tell you what 's the matter with that .
He went all to pieces on one particular mission .
I 've never felt there was the slightest excuse for it .
The upshot of it all was that ... everything turned sour ... he left some mighty fine men behind him .
Now I may be wrong , I hope I am , but my feeling is that when the going gets really rough upstairs tonight , Ted Stryker 's gonna fold up .
That 's all I can tell you .
BURDICK : Look , Martin , I want you to get on the horn and talk this guy down , no matter what you think .
Now you 're gonna have to let him get the feel of this airplane on the way .
You 'll have to give him a landing check .
You 'll have to talk him onto the approach .
And so help me , you 'll have to talk him right down to the ground .
TRELEAVEN : All right , Burdick , I just want you to know what we have to contend with .
...
Very well , it 's settled .
Who 's got the cigarettes ?
JOHNNY : Here . ... Matches ?
TRELEAVEN : Yeah .
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit smokin ' .
[ lights up ]
BURDICK : All right , let 's get started .
Can you work 714 direct now ?
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : Yeah , reception 's good , we can take over any time .
BURDICK : Okay .
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : Calgary radio , Vancouver radio .
We 'll work 714 ourselves now .
CALGARY RADIO DISPATCHER : 714 , this is Calgary radio .
Vancouver radio is taking over now and will work you direct .
Keep your transmitter at the same frequency .
714 ... good luck , over .
STRYKER : Thanks , Calgary .
714 standing by for Vancouver .
TRELEAVEN :
The one hope we have is to build this man up .
I 've got to give him all the confidence I can along with the technical end of it .
If he keeps calm , cool , does what I tell him , we 'll bring that plane in .
But above all else , I do n't want him to know that I 'm as full of doubts as I 've got to admit I am .
All right , let 's go .
Put Stryker on the speaker .
BURDICK : Okay .
You can use that hand mike there .
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : Flight 714 , this is Vancouver , can you read ?
Go ahead .
STRYKER : [ to Ellen ]
There they are , I 'll talk to them first .
[ to radio ]
Yes , Vancouver , we read you .
Go ahead please .
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : Okay , Captain , it 's all yours .
TRELEAVEN : Hello , flight 714 , this is Vancouver .
Stryker ... Stryker , this is Captain Martin Treleaven speaking .
If you read me , go ahead .
STRYKER : [ spitefully ]
Yes Captain Treleaven , I read you loud and clear , go ahead .
TRELEAVEN : All right , it 's obvious you remember me , so whadaya say you and I just forget about everything except what we have to do now .
You and I are gonna bring this plane in together .
Before we start , I 'd like to say something .
I know that right now things must look pretty rough up there , but if you do what I tell you , when I tell you to do it , there 's no reason you can't bring that plane in .
STRYKER : Let 's not kid each other , Treleaven .
You know I 've never flown a bucket like this , and I have n't been at the controls for over ten years .
I 'm going to need all the luck there is , and then some .
TRELEAVEN : All right , Stryker , now you listen to me and you listen close .
You begin thinking that way and we 're finished before we start .
Flying a plane is no different than riding a bicycle , it just happens to be something you never forget .
Now , are you still on automatic pilot ?
Go ahead .
STRYKER : Yes , we 're still on automatic pilot .
TRELEAVEN : Very well .
You just make yourself comfortable up there .
In a minute , I 'd like you to disengage the automatic pilot and begin to get the feel of the controls .
But first let me tell you , the controls will feel very heavy compared with a fighter .
Do n't worry about that , it 's perfectly normal .
You must watch your airspeed closely ; do n't let it fall below one hundred and twenty .
Now I know you recognize the importance of that , but let me repeat it : under no circumstances must you let that airspeed fall below one hundred and twenty miles per hour .
Now , there 's one other thing .
Have you someone up there who can work the radio and leave you free for flying ?
STRYKER : Yes , I have a ... a passenger here with me who'll take over the radio .
All right , I 'm going to unlock the automatic pilot .
[ He does .
The plane 's engines ominously change in pitch , despite the fact that real automatic pilots at the time had no effect on throttle or prop - control settings . ]
STRYKER [ to Ellen ] :
The radio's all yours now .
Keep your eye on that airspeed .
TRELEAVEN : Listen , I 've got a lot of work to do with this man , but we might as well start planning the approach and the landing while there 's plenty of time .
Get the chief radar operator up here , will ya ?
Tell him I want to talk to him .
[ to radio ]
Hello , Stryker , how ya makin ' out ?
You got the feel of 'er yet ?
STRYKER : Tell him we 're on manual now , trying out some shallow turns .
TRELEAVEN : I should 've asked you this before — what kind of weather you in up there ?
ELLEN [ to radio ] : Rain .
STRYKER : And a little ice .
ELLEN [ to radio ] :
And a little ice .
TRELEAVEN : Start your deicers working .
The control is on the fuse panel at your left knee .
STRYKER [ pressing button ]
Deicers on .
Tell him we 're coming into some heavy cloud , and we 'll be on instruments .
TRELEAVEN : How does she handle now , Stryker ?
STRYKER : Sluggish , like a wet sponge .
ELLEN [ on radio ] : Sluggish , like a wet sponge .
TRELEAVEN : Well , as I told you to begin with , that 's perfectly natural because you 're used to handling smaller airplanes .
BURDICK : The radar chief 's on his way up .
TRELEAVEN : Tell 'im to get the lead out .
[ to radio ]
Hello Stryker , watch any violent movement of the controls like you used to make in Spitfires and Mustangs .
If you do move the controls violently you will overcorrect and be in trouble .
Is that clear ?
Go ahead .
STRYKER : Tell him I understand .
ELLEN [ to radio ] : Yes , Vancouver , he understands .
TRELEAVEN : Now I want you to try climbing .
Leave your throttle the way it is , bring your airplane to approach speed which is one hundred and thirty .
That should put you in a very gentle climb , but whatever else you do watch that airspeed closely .
[ Stryker pulls back on the control wheel .
The altimeter whizzes upward from 7600 feet to 9000 feet in less that three seconds , which corresponds to a climb rate of around 30,000 feet per minute — hardly what you 'd call a gentle climb .
Cut to a shot of the artifical horizon indicator , which suddenly shows almost - level flight . ]
PANICKED WOMAN : Oh , we 're going to crash , I know we are !
JANET : Please , miss , try to be calm .
TONY : The doctor 'll be here in moment .
See ?
We 've levelled out again .
We 'll be all right now .
JANET [ to Whitmond ] :
How are you feeling now ?
WHITMOND : I feel terrible .
I did n't need those pills to make me sick .
And never mind tonight 's dinner ; right now I 'm working on yesterday 's breakfast .
JANET : Would you keep him covered , Mrs. Summers ?
TONY [ to Joey ] :
Hi , Joey , how 's the boy ?
Your stomach still hurt ?
Say , you know , Paddy 's been askin ' about you .
Paddy !
Hey , Paddy [ takes out glove puppet ] there he is .
Hiya , Paddy !
Say , you know , he does n't look so good either .
Paddy , lemme see your tongue .
Now come on , lemme see your tongue , come on now !
[ Paddy sticks out his thumb . ]
TONY : Ooh , you know , I 've seen it look better .
Paddy , why do n't you stay right here with Joey , and he 'll take good care of you .
PADDY : Hokay .
TONY : Okay . [ starts to take off glove puppet ]
There y' are .
I 'll just take you off here , and you take good care of him , Joey .
Put it right in there .
Oh , that 's good , now lift your hand up there , and I 'll show you how to do it .
Hey , how are ya , Paddy ?
PADDY [ on Joey 's hand ] : Fine .
TONY : Heh !
Okay , you two try to get some sleep , all right ?
We 'll be there before you know it .
Okay , Joey .
[ In the Vancouver dispatch office , the clock on the wall reads 1:12 . ]
TRELEAVEN : As soon as he shows up on your radar , you can feed me the information and I 'll relay it .
VANCOUVER RADAR CONTROLLER : How about the final approach ?
TRELEAVEN : We 'll handle that the same way .
As soon as you have him in the scope and he 's steady on the course , we 'll move to the tower .
You report up there , we 'll decide on the runway and plan the final approach .
Understood ?
VANCOUVER RADAR CONTROLLER : Yes sir .
STRYKER : Tell him we 're on top of the clouds at eleven thousand feet , levelled off .
ELLEN [ to radio ] :
We 're now on top of the clouds at eleven thousand feet , and we are levelled off .
TRELEAVEN : What is your present heading , Stryker ?
STRYKER : Tell him the compass is still about two nine zero .
ELLEN [ to radio ] :
The compass is still at two nine zero .
TRELEAVEN : All right , try to stay on that heading .
You may be a few miles off course , but we can correct that easily when you get in radar range .
Right now , I want you to feel how the ship handles at lower speeds when the flaps and the gear are down .
But do n't do anything until I give you the word , is that understood ?
Go ahead .
ELLEN : Yes , we understand , Vancouver .
TRELEAVEN : All right , Stryker , the first thing is to throttle back slightly , get your airspeed steady at one twenty , and then tell me when you 're ready .
[ to Burdick ]
Keep your fingers crossed .
STRYKER : Ellen , what 's the airspeed ?
You 'll have to call it off when we land , so you may as well start practicing now .
ELLEN : One forty , one thirty - five , one thirty , one twenty - five , one twenty , one fifteen , one ten — that 's too low !
He said a hundred and twenty !
STRYKER : I know !
I know , watch it !
ELLEN : One fifteen , one twenty ... one twenty - five , one twenty , steady at one twenty .
STRYKER : Tell them .
ELLEN [ to radio ] : Hello , our airspeed is now steady at one twenty .
TRELEAVEN : Now , Stryker , I want you to put down twenty degrees of flap .
Be careful not to make it any more .
The flap handle is on the lower right - hand side of the control pedestal ; 20 degrees will mean moving the handle down to the second notch .
STRYKER : You 'll have to put the flaps down , Ellen .
There 's the handle there .
TRELEAVEN : Can you see the flap indicator , Stryker ?
It 's near the center of the main panel .
STRYKER : There 's the indicator he 's talking about .
When I tell you , put the handle down two notches .
And watch that indicator .
ELLEN : All right .
STRYKER : Tell them we 're going to put the flaps down now .
ELLEN [ to radio ] :
We 're going to put the flaps down now .
TRELEAVEN : Okay , 714 , go ahead with your flaps .
Then , when they 're down , get your airspeed steady at one twenty , adjust your trim , and call me once again .
STRYKER : Twenty degrees of flap , Ellen .
ELLEN : All right .
[ The flap indicator whirs down to the 20 degree mark . ]
ELLEN [ to radio ] :
The flaps are down , and the airspeed is steady at one twenty .
TRELEAVEN : All right , Stryker , the next thing is to drop your gear , and then you 'll have the feel of the ship as it 'll be when you 're landing .
Are you still in level flight ?
[ aside ]
By any remote chance !
STRYKER : More or less .
...
Ask him about the prop controls and the mixture .
ELLEN [ to radio ] : Vancouver , what about prop controls and the mixture ?
TRELEAVEN : [ aside ]
Well , at least he 's thinkin ' , anyway .
[ to radio ]
Uh , never mind that for the time being , Stryker .
Just concentrate on holding that airspeed steady with your flaps and gear down .
STRYKER : Okay , Ellen , put the gear down .
Call off that airspeed .
[ The landing gear peeks forth from the DC - 4 's fuselage .
The nose gear and main gear all swing down and backwards . ]
TRELEAVEN : Okay , Stryker your gear should be down by now .
Look for three green lights to show you that it 's locked .
Also , there 's a hydraulic pressure gauge just above the three green lights , and that needle should be in the green range .
STRYKER : Three green lights ... pressure 's up .
Tell him the gear and the flaps are down , and she still handles like a wet sponge , only moreso .
ELLEN [ to radio ] :
The gear and the flaps are down now , but ... he says that she still handles like a wet sponge , only moreso .
[ The clock on the wall behind Treleaven now reads 1:17 . ]
TRELEAVEN : You 'll get used to that .
Now , I 'm going to give you instructions for holding your altitude and airspeed steady while you raise the landing gear and flaps .
Then we 'll run through the whole thing again .
STRYKER : Again ?!
[ picks up radio ]
Look ,
Treleaven , I 'm giving you all I 've got the first time , so do n't expect me to sit up here and go through a lot of dry runs .
TRELEAVEN : Are you going to bring that plane in alone , or could you still use a little help ?!
BURDICK : Ease up , Martin !
TRELEAVEN : All right , Stryker , get ahold of yourself .
We do n't have long to go now .
[ to Burdick ]
Sorry .
[ Lightning and thunder flash outside the cockpit window .
Stryker gets lost in more flashbacks . ]
ELLEN : Ted , the speed !
Look at the speed , Ted !
We 're falling !
Ted , we 're falling !
STRYKER : Get the gear up !
Get the gear up !
ELLEN : The mountains , Ted , the mountains !
[ Ellen screams as Ted barely clears the top of the Rockies .
The panicked woman from the earlier scene smashes her fist onto one of those " in case of emergency break glass " thingies covering the exit door release handle . ]
PANICKED WOMAN : Gotta get out of here !
I gotta get out !
[ Her hand is bleeding .
Tony comes to bind it . ]
PANICKED WOMAN : I gotta get out of here !
I gotta get out of here !
TONY : Quiet !
[ The same plane passenger that bugged Janet about what was going on several minutes ago now opens the cockpit door and looks in . ]
PLANE PASSENGER [ male ] : Look !
He is n't a pilot !
DR. BAIRD [ to all passengers ] :
Now you know .
Mister Stryker is the only person on board who can fly this plane .
Was a pilot in the war , and we can all help him by not getting in a panic .
Now we all know there are dangers involved , but is there anyone here who'd like to take his place ?
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER :
They 've faded out completely .
BURDICK : Are n't you getting anything ?
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : Seven one four , seven one four !
ELLEN : [ to radio ] Hello , Vancouver ?
Vancouver ? [ to Stryker ]
Ted , I can't get an answer , I think the radio's dead .
STRYKER : It ca n't be dead !
ELLEN : [ to radio ] Hello !
Vancouver !
Vancouver , come in , please !
This is flight 714 ! [ to Stryker ]
There 's nothing !
STRYKER : Wait a minute .
The radio must 've been knocked off frequency .
[ fiddles with radio knob ]
Do you remember where it was ?
ELLEN : Oh , no , I did n't see it ! [ to radio ]
Hello , come in Vancouver , please !
This is flight 714 !
BURDICK : Get Captain Wilson 's wife for me .
And you 'd better call the First Officer 's home , and the stewardess's .
TRELEAVEN : Keep tryin ' , will ya ?
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : Seven one four !
Seven one four !
STRYKER : You getting anything yet ?
ELLEN : No .
What are we going to do ?
STRYKER : Just keep trying !
ELLEN [ to radio ] : Hello , Vancouver !
Come in , please !
[ Stryker fiddles with the radio knob again .
We hear some faint morse code , consistent with a modern VOR , but no voice transmissions .
Meanwhile , little Joey moans weakly , and Stryker keeps turning the knob .
In Vancouver , a guy wearing a hat and trenchcoat , who looks like he's also wearing one of those novelty nose - and - glasses with the moustache , leads two REPORTERS into the room . ]
GUY WITH HAT AND GLASSES : Harry , they wo n't leave without a statement from you .
REPORTER #1 : You 've got a runaway plane loose up there , that 's what it comes down to , does n't it ?
REPORTER # 2 : The fact is , this plane could crash anywhere in the city — into homes , factories , anywhere !
Is n't that true ?
BURDICK : Right now , we can't be sure of anything .
We 're doing everything we can .
[ Dissolve to the clock on the wall reading 1:40 .
The guys in the Vancouver dispatch office nervously listen to the radio speaker , on which they hear nothing but static .
It looks like the radio dispatcher also picked the wrong week to quit smokin ' . ]
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : Repeating .
714 , this is Vancouver .
Vancouver calling 714 .
[ Stryker keeps turning the radio knob .
He hears " Flight 714 , come in " faintly and keeps turning the knob clockwise , and finally : ]
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : Flight 714 , this is Vancouver .
Do you hear me ?
Come in , please !
STRYKER [ to radio ] : Vancouver !
Vancouver , we 're reading you again !
Come in , please !
TRELEAVEN : What happened , are you all right ?
STRYKER : We stalled .
The radio went off , but we 're all right now .
We 're climbing .
TRELEAVEN : All right , Stryker , here 's what you must do next .
Take a look at your fuel tank gauges , give me their exact reading .
BURDICK : Ca n't take much more of this .
Johnny , how ' bout some more coffee ?
[ A phone rings in Captain Bill Wilson 's bedroom in Vancouver .
His wife , MRS .
JOAN WILSON , answers it . ]
MRS .
WILSON : Hello ?
JOHN ARNOLD : Mrs. Wilson ?
MRS .
WILSON : Yes , this is Mrs. Wilson .
JOHN ARNOLD : This is John Arnold , calling from the airport .
There 's some trouble on your husband 's flight .
We do n't know yet how serious it is , but Harry Ballard [ sic ! ] thought you 'd want to get down here right away .
MRS .
WILSON : Yes , I — I 'll be there right away !
ELLEN : Captain Wilson has n't come out of it at all .
None of them have .
And Joey 's worse !
STRYKER : [ looking at wristwatch ]
Vancouver , we 've got to start down , now !
TRELEAVEN : Not just yet .
We 'll have you on radar any second now .
[ The radar dish sweeps around in a 360 degree arc in the rain . ]
TRELEAVEN : I do n't understand it .
He should 've been in range ten minutes ago .
BURDICK : Well , do n't forget , he lost a lotta time .
We do n't know how far off course he went .
[ to microphone ]
Radar , you getting anything ?
VANCOUVER RADAR CONTROLLER : Hold it , hold it a minute .
This may be something coming up .
Yeah , I have him now !
He 's ten miles south of course .
Tell him to turn right onto a heading of three zero five .
TRELEAVEN : Nice work .
[ to radio ]
Uh , Stryker , we have you on radar now .
You 're off course ten miles to the south .
Please turn right onto a new heading of three zero five .
Then when you 're ready , start losing altitude .
[ Stryker does . ]
STRYKER : Tell him we 're on the new course , and ready now to lose altitude .
ELLEN [ to radio ] : Hello , Vancouver , we 're now on the new course and ready to lose altitude .
TRELEAVEN : All right , throttle back slightly , but hold your airspeed steady until you 're losing altitude at one hundred feet a minute .
Watch your instruments closely , you 'll have to trust them all the way .
BURDICK : How long you figure before the landing ?
TRELEAVEN : I dunno .
With luck , about , I would say , thirty minutes ?
Harry , call the tower , will ya ?
Tell 'em we may need a double emergency crew on this one .
Make sure those hospital units are standing by .
Get me the fire department and the city police .
[ Sirens blare through the streets of Vancouver .
A VANCOUVER POLICEMAN wearing an eye patch points to a map divided off like a Tangram puzzle . ]
VANCOUVER POLICEMAN : Also , I want all traffic blocked off from this airport .
Now , here are the runways .
We have apartment buildings here , there , and there .
Actually , what we 'll have to do is alert the entire area .
So contact all fire departments , emergency equipment , the works .
There 's no telling where this plane might come down .
[ A reporter walks into his editor 's office with two placards that look like the front pages of the Vancouver Herald . ]
REPORTER : Here are the banner sheets .
We 're ready to roll either way .
[ The first placard reads , " AIRLINE DISASTER HERE " .
The second reads , " 38 AIRLINE PASSENGERS SURVIVE MID- AIR PERIL " . ]
ELLEN : Ted , I 'd like to go back and see Joey again for just a minute .
STRYKER : Okay .
This would be a good time , she 's holding fairly steady right now .
[ Ellen walks to her son with a pained expression on her face . ]
ELLEN : Doctor , how is he ?
DR . BAIRD : I wo n't deceive you , Mrs. Stryker , we 're running out of time .
How soon do you think we 'll be landing ?
ELLEN : Well , I really do n't know , but ... we 're getting close .
DR .
BAIRD : Well , I 'd better go and talk to your husband .
[ Baird walks toward the cockpit while Ellen comforts a moaning Joey . ]
ELLEN : Please , God !
DR .
BAIRD : Will the hospital equipment be at the airport ?
STRYKER : Yes , everything they 've got .
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : The Captain wants to talk to the stewardess .
STRYKER : They want to talk to the stewardess .
DR . BAIRD : I 'll get her .
ELLEN : ' Scuse me , doctor .
STRYKER : [ to radio ] 714 , stand by .
[ to Ellen ]
How is 'e ?
ELLEN : Still unconscious .
Doctor says everybody —
STRYKER : I know .
He told me .
[ resolutely ]
Ellen , we 're going to make it .
You 've got to believe that .
...
They want to talk to you , stewardess , there 's a headset there .
JANET : I got it .
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER :
They 've got the stewardess .
TRELEAVEN : All right , what 's the girl 's name ?
VANCOUVER RADIO DISPATCHER : Janet Turner .
TRELEAVEN [ to radio ] : How are you , Janet ?
This is Captain Treleaven here .
Janet , when we make this landing , I want you to use emergency crash procedures for protection of passengers , understand ?
JANET : Tell him I understand .
ELLEN [ to radio ] : Yes , she understands .
TRELEAVEN : That 's fine .
Just before the landing , I 'll ask the pilot to ring the emergency bell .
Now , the button for that bell is right over the copilot 's seat .
JANET : There it is .
STRYKER : You see it , Ellen ?
Remember it .
TRELEAVEN : That 'll be your warning for final precautions .
STRYKER : Oh , stewardess ?
JANET : Yes ?
STRYKER : Are the pilots strapped to seats ?
JANET : Yes .
STRYKER : Good luck back there .
JANET : We 'll be ready .
VANCOUVER RADAR CONTROLLER :
Twenty - nine miles from the field ... turn left onto three zero zero .
TRELEAVEN : All right , Stryker , change your heading slightly , turn left onto three zero zero .
What is your altitude ?
STRYKER : Altitude is two thousand five hundred .
BURDICK : Bad news .
The fog is getting thicker .
TRELEAVEN : Ah , there 's nothing we can do about that .
Tell the tower to light up .
Put on everything they 've got .
We 'll be comin ' up there in a minute , I 'll want their radio on the same frequency as this .
Stryker wo n't have time to fool around changing channels .
[ The panicked woman slaps Janet and screams something incomprehensible .
One of them screams " Let me go ! " ]
JANET : I 'm trying to help you !
TONY : All right , leave her to me .
[ shakes panicked woman ]
All right , now listen to me , listen !
Calm down !
Relax !
[ Janet sobs ]
TONY : Come on , now .
JANET : Oh , Tony , I 'm all right , it 's just ... everything at once .
TONY [ pouring her a cup of coffee ] :
Here , drink this ; come on , drink it .
JANET : Mmm !
Remind me never to travel this airline again , they have terrible coffee .
TONY : I 'll get you the best coffee in Vancouver just as soon as we land .
JANET : Tony , I 'm sorry about what I said to you before —
TONY : Ah , forget it .
JANET : You know , honestly , I could n't have done it without you .
TONY : You know , I 'd like it to go on that way ... for at least the next hundred years .
JANET : Oh , me too !
TRELEAVEN : Stryker , you are now approximately nine minutes from the airport .
Are you ready to begin your final descent ?
STRYKER : Tell him we 're on top of the overcast , nothing but fog below .
Not a break in it anywhere .
ELLEN [ to radio ] : Vancouver , we 're on top of the overcast .
There 's not a break in it anywhere .
TRELEAVEN : [ to Burdick ]
You know , this 'd be a tough landing for anybody to make .
Maybe if we hold him off for a bit we 'll get a break in the weather .
[ to radio ]
All right , Stryker , you better stay up there for a bit .
Keep circling .
We got everything else out of the air so you wo n't have too much trouble .
As soon as the fog lifts , we 'll bring you in .
STRYKER : I 'll take it , Ellen . [ to radio ]
No dice , Vancouver .
I 'm coming straight in now .
Doctor Baird says the sick people are in critical condition , and every minute counts .
TRELEAVEN : Do n't be a fool , Stryker !
You know what a landing like this means , you more than anybody !
STRYKER : That 's right .
But we 've got to come in .
BURDICK : But he can 't !
Tell 'im he 's gotta stay up there !
TRELEAVEN : [ to Burdick ]
Let 's face it , Harry , there 's nothing we can do about it .
[ to radio ]
All right , Stryker , level off at two thousand feet and wait for instructions .
I 'm going to the tower now , so you wo n't hear from me for a bit .
We 'll decide on the runway to use at the last minute , so you can land into the wind .
BURDICK : But he can't bring it down in this soup !
It 's a hundred - to - one anyway !
TRELEAVEN : I know , I know , but it's his ship now , his command !. [ to radio ]
Stand by , Stryker , I 'm going to the tower .
And good luck .
BURDICK : [ to phone ]
We 're on the way up now .
[ Stryker still can't see through the fog .
Burdick and Treleaven enter the control tower through a glass door that says " AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY " in backwards letters . ]
TRELEAVEN : Decide on the runway yet ?
VANCOUVER CONTROL MAN : Runway nine .
It 's the longest , and pretty well into the wind .
TRELEAVEN : Radar .
VANCOUVER RADAR CONTROLLER : Yes , Captain .
TRELEAVEN : This is the way we 'll handle it .
Right now , he 's here .
I 'll turn him so he begins to make a wide right - hand circle , at the same time bring him down to a thousand feet .
I 'll start the pre-landing check here , then have him make a slow turn onto final .
Is that clear ?
VANCOUVER RADAR CONTROLLER : Yeap .
TRELEAVEN : The phone hook up to radar ?
VANCOUVER CONTROL MAN : Right there , sir .
TRELEAVEN : How do I talk to the field ?
VANCOUVER CONTROL MAN : Uh , just flip that speaker on , sir .
[ Treleaven does . ]
TRELEAVEN : Tower to all emergency vehicles .
Runway is nine .
Airport tenders take positions number 1 and 2 , civilian equipment number 3 , Air Force positions number 4 and 5 .
All ambulances to position 3 . [ to radio ] 714 , this is Treleaven in Vancouver tower , are you ready to line up for the landing ?
STRYKER : Okay , Vancouver , we 're ready .
MRS .
WILSON : Harry ?
TRELEAVEN : Got a cigarette , Nels ?
BURDICK : Joan , I thought you 'd like to know the latest .
Now , your husband and the others are alive , but unconscious .
Now there 's a good chance we can save them , if Stryker can get this plane down in time .
MRS .
WILSON : That is n't really much of a chance , is it ?
BURDICK : It 's the only one we 've got .
VANCOUVER RADAR CONTROLLER : Eight miles .
Turn right to heading zero eight zero .
TRELEAVEN : Stryker , after this message do not acknowledge any further transmissions unless you want to ask a question .
You are now eight miles from the airport , turn right to a heading of zero eight zero , throttle back slightly and begin to lose altitude to one thousand feet .
DR . BAIRD : I just want to tell you both , good luck , I 'll keep your son with me .
ELLEN : Thank you .
STRYKER : Thanks , doctor .
DR . BAIRD : Right .
TRELEAVEN : Hold your airspeed steady at one twenty .
STRYKER : Tell him we 're at one thousand feet , levelling off .
ELLEN [ to radio ] :
We 're now at one thousand feet , and levelling off .
TRELEAVEN : Now set your mixture controls in auto rich , that is in the top position .
STRYKER : Those four levers , Ellen .
Pull 'em all the way up .
[ Ellen does . ]
TRELEAVEN : All right , Stryker , put down twenty degrees of flap .
STRYKER : 20 degrees of flap , Ellen .
[ She places her hand above the flap lever hesitantly , but Stryker presses her hand down onto it and engages the flaps . ]
TRELEAVEN :
When your flaps are down , re-trim for level flight .
[ The plane flies through some clouds , with its engine pitch changing . ]
VANCOUVER RADAR CONTROLLER :
He 's all over the place !
Nine hundred feet up to thirteen hundred feet .
TRELEAVEN : Watch your altitude , Stryker , you 're too erratic !
Try to hold steady at one thousand feet .
...
Any break in the fog up there ?
STRYKER : No , nothing yet , I can't see a thing .
TRELEAVEN : Keep checking those instruments , you 'll have to trust them all the way .
[ Stryker has another flashback .
The instruments blur , and he sees the nose cannon of his fighter plane in the artificial horizon gauge . ]
VOICE IN FLASHBACK : Close up , stay in formation .
Target 's just ahead .
Target should be clear if you go in low enough .
You 'll have to decide .
PILOT IN FLASHBACK : Too low , Ted !
We 're too low !
TRELEAVEN : Stryker !
Stryker , can you hear me ?
You 've got to keep her up !
Keep her up !
Stryker , get your altitude back , you need a thousand feet !
VANCOUVER RADAR CONTROLLER :
He 's dropping off fast , almost seven hundred !
TRELEAVEN : Stryker , get back to a thousand feet !
VANCOUVER RADAR CONTROLLER : Captain , he 's below seven hundred now , and he 's still going down !
TRELEAVEN : Stryker , you can't come straight in , you 've got enough fuel left for two hours ' flying .
You 've got to stay up there ' til we get a break in the weather !
STRYKER : I 'll take it , Ellen . [ to radio ]
Listen , Treleaven , I 'm coming in , do you hear me ?
I 'm coming in right now .
We have people up here including my own son who'll die in less than one hour , never mind two .
I may bend your precious airplane , but I 'll bring it down .
Now get on with the landing check !
I 'm putting the gear down now .
ELLEN : Ted ?
STRYKER : Yes ?
ELLEN : I just wanted you to know , now , I 'm very proud .
STRYKER : Tell them the gear is down , and we 're ready to land .
ELLEN [ to radio ] :
The gear is now down , and we 're ready to land .
BURDICK : He may not be able to fly , but he 's sure got guts .
TRELEAVEN : Keep your heading steady on zero nine zero , increase your throttle settings slightly to hold your airspeed , advance your prop controls so that you 're getting a reading of twenty - two fifty RPM on each engine .
STRYKER [ mumbling ] :
Twenty - two fifty RPM .
VANCOUVER RADAR CONTROLLER :
He 's still dropping !
Just under six hundred !
... five fifty !
... five hundred !
TRELEAVEN : Stryker , you 're too low !
ELLEN : Still on one forty .
VANCOUVER RADAR CONTROLLER : Altitude steady at five hundred .
He 's right on the heading .
TRELEAVEN : All right , he 's on final now .
Put out all the runway lights except number nine .
[ The emergercy vehicles wait anxiously . ]
TRELEAVEN : Turn on your landing lights , Stryker .
STRYKER : Can you find the switch ?
[ Ellen flips the first three of a bank of 5 overhead switches .
Landing lights are the headlight - like bright lamps on the front of a plane , so naturally to show us that the plane 's landing lights are now on , we are shown the plane from the rear . ]
TRELEAVEN : All right , now listen carefully .
You should be able to see the runway at three hundred feet .
Aim to touch down a third of the way along .
There 's a slight crosswind from the right , so be ready for it .
If you land too fast , use your emergency brake .
The red handle is right in front of you .
If that does n't stop you , cut the four ignition switches over the copilot 's head .
STRYKER : You see them , Ellen ?
ELLEN : Uh huh .
STRYKER : If I want them off , it 'll be in a hurry , so do n't waste any time about it .
ELLEN : All right .
TRELEAVEN : Now , Stryker , hold your present heading , put down full flap , bring your airspeed back to a hundred and ten , adjust your trim and start easing 'er down .
[ to Burdick ]
Everything ready on the field ?
BURDICK : As ready as we 'll ever be .
STRYKER : Give me altitude and speed .
ELLEN : Four hundred feet , speed one fifteen .
Three fifty , speed a hundred and ten .
TRELEAVEN : [ to radio ]
You see us now ?
You should be able to see the field now .
[ A tense moment passes .
We are shown everybody 's perspiration .
Finally , Stryker points straight ahead , and we can see the ground - level approach lights and , dimly , the runway immediately beyond them . ]
TRELEAVEN : There he is ! ... Stryker , you 're comin ' in too fast !
STRYKER : I know , I know !
Keep watching !
ELLEN : Three hundred , speed one twenty - five .
Three hundred , speed one thirty .
TRELEAVEN : Stryker , now listen to me , you 're coming down too fast ! ...
Sound your alarm bell now .
[ Ellen does . ]
JANET : All right , everybody get in crash positions .
...
Put your heads down , everybody put your heads down !
TRELEAVEN : Now let down , easy ! ...
Watch your nose , it 's too low , you 're comin ' in too hot !
Remember your brakes and switches , get ready to flare it out .
...
You 're comin ' in too fast ! ...
Now ease her down , down ! ...
Lift the nose , throttle back !
The brakes , pull that red handle !
[ Stryker tries to pull the red handle , but it wo n't budge .
Instead , he rocks both rudder pedals forward , engaging the foot brakes .
Flames and / or sparks shoot forth from the left main landing gear . ]
STRYKER : Cut the switches !
[ Ellen does .
The lights go out in the passenger compartment . ]
TRELEAVEN : Hold 'er steady !
[ The landing gear struts break loose from the plane , and it skids sideways down the runway .
There is a lot of screaming .
The four brave , valiant propeller blades keep spinning right up to the bitter end as the plane grinds to a halt .
Emergency vehicles race to the scene .
The cabin lights miraculously come back on , despite the fact that the engines ' electric generators were supposedly disengaged when the ignition switches were turned off a few seconds ago . ]
DR. BAIRD [ carrying Joey ] : Everything 's all right back here thanks to you .
And we 're in time .
ELLEN : Thank God !
STRYKER : Thanks !
TRELEAVEN : Stryker !
Stryker , you all right ?
STRYKER [ picking up the radio mike ] : Okay !
TRELEAVEN : Ted , Ted , that was probably the lousiest landin ' in the history of this airport .
But there 's some of us here , particularly me , who'd like to buy you a drink and shake your hand .
We 're comin ' over .
[ And as Stryker and Ellen leave the cockpit , we 're left with a closeup of the pilot 's headset draped over the control yoke , and it's : ]
THE END
Roger M. Wilcox 's main webpage , containing many fine products of my , ahem , creativity .
Send comments regarding this Web page to : Roger M. Wilcox .
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - A man who described himself as a Palestinian and said he wanted to “ kill all the Jews ” was hauled off a Detroit - bound Delta Air Lines flight in Miami and arrested , authorities said on Thursday .
The plane was taxiing away from the terminal at Miami International Airport on Wednesday night when 43 - year - old Mansor Mohammad Asad of Toledo , Ohio , began making loud anti-Semitic comments and chanting , apparently in Arabic , Miami - Dade police said in a statement .
“ I ’m Palestinian and I want ( to ) kill all Jews , ” he said , according to witnesses .
The pilot returned the aircraft to the terminal and a Taser device was used to “ neutralize ” Asad after he charged an arresting officer , the police statement said .
The incident came amid heightened airline security concerns following the attempted bombing of a Northwest flight bound for Detroit on Christmas Day .
Police said Asad faced several criminal charges including threats against a public servant and disorderly conduct .
The Delta plane departed for Detroit following a thorough security sweep .
A need can be defined as something without which one cannot survive or carry on for long time , one example of it is water .
If one does not drink water one wo n’t survive for long .
Hence anything which is necessary for living can be defined as need .
Hence it also includes food , clothing , education etc …. ,
While want can be defined as something which you have liked to have though it is not necessary and wants can be unlimited .
So for example buying a luxurious car or buying a latest mobile is an example of want .
However within these broad classifications there can differences like though food is a need but eating ice - cream can be a want , in the same way though liquids like water is a need but drinking cold drinks can be want because they taste good .
Above distinction between need and want is important because people tend to go behind want and they end up not having enough money for their needs .
Many people spend huge amount for satisfying their wants by taking huge debts and then end up in financial crisis .
Hence from the above one can see that wants are important for people because they keep them motivated for doing more work and earn money so as to satisfy their wants but one should have a limit on his or her wants because they can be unlimited and no one this world can satisfy the wants completely .
A Queens man is accused of ripping out a woman 's heart and lungs after she turned down his romantic advances and did n't find him a job , according to investigators .
After harassing 46 - year - old victim Qian
Wu for years , 47 - year - old suspect Huang Chen is accused of bludgeoning and stabbing her to death and removing her organs , which have not been recovered .
Chen , who lives two doors away from Wu's Flushing apartment , met the woman in 2006 when he went to an employment agency she ran out of her home .
Apparently ,
Wu was unable or unwilling to find Chen a job , and the Times reports she also rebuffed Chen 's " romantic advances . "
Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said : " For whatever reason , he felt slighted ...
And he went back and began this series of harassment , basically threats . "
Wu filed for nine orders or protection against the undocumented immigrant — the most recent filed last Friday .
Chen was jailed in 2006 for punching and choking Wu , and sent to Texas where he faced deportation proceedings .
However , he was let out under supervised release last week and returned to New York .
According to the Daily News ,
Wu's husband Yung Wei Guo said he even gave the suspect $ 200 in the days before the killing and told him : " My wife is scared of you .
Do n't come again . "
But according to the police , Chen followed Wu home from the store at around 5 pm on Tuesday and struck her 18 times with a hammer and stabbing her repeatedly as she opened her apartment door .
The suspect allegedly disposed of his bloody clothes and the murder weapons in a nearby park then sought hospital treatment for gashes on his legs that he claimed he suffered fighting off robbers during a home invasion .
Police questioned
Chen because his shoes were covered in blood , but his clothing was otherwise clean .
He has been charged with second - degree murder as well as stalking , possession of a weapon and tampering with evidence .
His landlady , Wenxin Zhang , 54 , is accused of helping dispose of the murder weapons .
Share Tweet Share
A week after it was launched , Letters.app development is full steam ahead .
Gus Mueller of Flying Meat Inc. has been appointed technical lead for the project and has committed to providing an initial project workspace via GitHub over the weekend .
Brent Simmons , who kicked the project off last Saturday , has agreed to take on the position of Chairman , a title representing his contributions so far , but not demanding any formal responsibilities .
Gus has chosen MailCore as the foundation for Letters ’ IMAP and SMTP functionality .
It has been forked as LetterBox for Letters , a fitting name .
According to the @lettersapp Twitter account the initial builds are compiling .
But there has been no additional word on when the infant code will be released to hundreds of developers clamoring to get started .
Discussion has been ongoing concerning on local cache formats , multiple view windows ( like Mail.app ) , tabbed layouts ( like The Hit List or NetNewsWire ) , and automating build numbers from Git repositories .
Discussion is sure to pick up as more people begin to dig into the code this weekend .
The commemoration of Martin Luther King Jr. day has led Palestine solidarity activists and journalists alike to compare the current non-violent struggle in the Palestinian Territories with the American Civil Rights Movement .
With the recent arrests of several prominent Palestinian leaders of the Anti-Apartheid Wall campaign , people around the world are answering the question “ where is the Palestinian Martin Luther King ? ” with “ in prison ” .
These comparisons are largely accurate .
Abdullah Abu Rahme , Jamal Juma ’a , Mohammed Othman , and others from the villages of Bil’in and Ni’lin who have been arrested in the last few months in Israel ’s blatant attempt to suppress the Anti-wall campaign all invoke images of Martin Luther King .
But while these individuals , along with others , have had significant success in internationalizing the Anti-Apartheid Wall campaign , and have continued non-violent civil disobedience in their communities and inspired others to do the same for the last few years , the groundswell of mass - mobilization that characterized the American Civil Rights Movement and other successful popular movements against oppression around the world is still conspicuously absent in most of Occupied Palestine .
The question we should be asking , then , is not “ where is the Palestinian Martin Luther King ? ” but rather , “ where is the Palestinian Ella Baker ? ”
Do n’t know who Ella Baker is , or at least , what she did exactly ?
That was her intention .
Ella Baker , born in North Carolina in 1903 , was widely known within the organizing circles of the Civil Rights Movement from the 1940 ’s to the 1960 ’s as a quiet , mobilizing force behind the development of the movement .
Baker was the first paid organizer of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference ( whose figurehead was Martin Luther King ) .
When students in Greensboro , North Carolina sat - in at a Woolworth ’s lunch counter in 1960 , she went to North Carolina and helped students found the Student Non-violent Coordinating Committee , which was responsible for organizing and coordinating the sit - in movement , the Freedom Rides , and later voter registrations in the Deep South .
Most importantly , Ella Baker brought with her an ideology and practice of mass - mobilization movement building .
With a strong distaste for charismatic leaders and centralized organizations , Baker worked tirelessly to spread the concept of local empowerment ; instilling in the minds of Bob Moses , Julian Bond , and the like that real organizing must include a willingness to engage in “ spadework ” , the slow , unglamorous work of meeting people one on one and encouraging them to become involved in the movement .
She lived the concept of ‘ participatory democracy ’ , believing that true liberation can only come when the oppressed are shaping their own struggle for freedom .
Baker felt strongly that Southern Blacks would only succeed in their struggle for civil and political rights when they were empowered themselves to address these issues .
She said ,
“ My basic sense of it has always been to get people to understand that in the long run they themselves are the only protection they have against violence or injustice ….
People have to be made to understand that they cannot look for salvation anywhere but to themselves . ”
Beyond her general distrust of organizations that emphasized leadership from the outside ( she wrote the above as part of a critique of the organizing structure of the NAACP of the 1940 ’s , which was based in New York ) , she also always emphasized the need for the participatory democracy and the inclusion of everyone in shaping the struggle .
“ I have always felt it was a handicap for oppressed people to depend so largely on a leader , because unfortunately in our culture , the charismatic leader usually becomes a leader because he has found a spot in the public limelight .
It usually means that the media made him , and the media may undo him .
There is also the danger in our culture that , because a person is called upon to give public statements and is acclaimed by the establishment , such a person gets to the point of believing that he is the movement .
Such people get so involved with playing the game of being important that they exhaust themselves and their time and they do n’t do the work of actually organizing people . ”
Baker articulated perhaps the most important lesson from the American Civil Rights Movement , and one Palestinians interested in developing a mass , popular movement against the occupation are heeding .
Like King , the leaders of the current campaign against The Apartheid Wall and settlements have undeniably played an important role in galvanizing international awareness and support for their work .
Their recent detentions highlight the threat they pose to the Israeli establishment , in large part due to their roles as charismatic leaders , providing inspiration and giving voice to average Palestinians , as well as their tireless work in attracting media attention : focusing an international spotlight on the plight of rural Palestinians facing land confiscation .
But Ella Baker ’s warning resonates strongly now ; while international solidarity activists wax passionately about these leaders of the “ popular struggle ” , naming Bil’in as the “ center of Palestinian popular resistance ” they risk putting the cart before the horse : declaring a popular struggle does n’t make one a reality .
As Baker warned , what has been pushed to the sidelines as we have all over - emphasized the importance of international attention and pressure , spectacular individual acts , and individual personalities , is “ actually organizing people . ”
There has been little , if any “ spadework ” ; encouraging participation in shaping the popular struggle by people from all social classes and walks of Palestinian life does not seem to be a priority at this time .
While there are numerous organizations , government - aligned “ national committees ” and a self - selected “ coordinating committee ” , all committed to “ popular ” and “ grassroots ” organizing , the reality on the ground in Occupied Palestine does not yet bear this out .
Yes , weekly demonstrations have been added in one or two new locations , but the underlying organizing needed to expand beyond weekly , symbolic demonstrations to collective political action on a sustained level ( like the sit-ins and voter registrations in the American South 50 years ago ) is largely absent not only amongst rural Palestinians who are most affected by settlements and the Apartheid Wall , but also certainly among the residents of refugee camps and city centers who are even further removed from these campaigns .
A year and a half after 4 students sat at a Woolworth ’s lunch counter in North Carolina , an estimated 70,000 people had participated in similar sit-ins around the country .
Likewise , tens of thousands of blacks in the South participated in marches to county courthouses and the like to try to register to vote .
This is what a true popular movement looked like .
It was certainly seen in Occupied Palestine in the 1980 ’s , but it is certainly not yet a reality on the ground in Occupied Palestine today .
So as we reflect on the American Civil Rights Movement and its lessons for the potential non-violent popular movement in Occupied Palestine , we should be cautious about the emphasis we put on the leaders of this “ movement ” .
While playing an important role in providing inspiration and aiming the international spotlight on the ongoing oppression by the Israeli government , particularly in the form of land confiscation for the Apartheid Wall and settlement expansion , it takes a mass movement , not just charismatic leaders , to bring real political change .
The successes of the American Civil Rights Movement were not gained by one speech in Washington , one Freedom Summer , or even one bus boycott campaign .
They were achieved after decades of organizing work , of developing local organizers and a movement centered on the belief that oppressed people could directly participate in changing the systems that governed their lives .
As we look for ways to support Palestinian self - determination and liberation , in addition to continuing to find international venues for Palestinian voices we should also be seeking out those small projects , organizations , and unsung Palestinian heroes who have been organizing for a mass - movement for years .
They may be avoiding the media limelight , but they are out there , and they are the ones who , like Ella Baker , will be remembered by the elderly , illiterate farmers , the women , and the other most marginalized groups in Occupied Palestine as the organizing force behind the popular movement that is coming .
They will be responsible for creating the groundswell that will lift the leaders to fame and lead to Palestinian liberation .
As Ella Baker said of Martin Luther King , “ The movement made Martin , not Martin the movement ” .
Mousa Abu Maria and Bekah Wolf are co-founders of the Palestine Solidarity Project .
The all - Palestinian PSP committee is currently designing its program for an organizing and educational center in the village of Beit Ommar ( where Mousa is from and PSP is based ) dedicated to building a mass - movement for Palestinian freedom and justice in the Betlehem and Hebron Districts , which can hopefully be used as a model of organizing throughout Occupied Palestine .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
11/02/2009
Great , now the park 's grass has as many holes as 'yes on one 's rhetoric !
by Jeremy Hooper
This morning , while walking past Portland 's Deering Oaks Park , I noticed a familiar sight :
That overdecorating , overzealous " yes on 1 " supporter who 's been creating what look more like cemeteries than effective fields of campaign signage .
But I noticed that unlike some of his last ventures , today 's handiwork seemed to be painstakingly pre-planned .
In the few minutes I watched in amazement at the exercise , I literally saw him pick up and move certain signs four or five times before he found what he felt to be its proper place .
It was weird , to say the least .
But then again , so is gunning for gay people 's love .
Well little did I know that this gentleman actually had a grand schematic in his head .
And now , dear readers , he has revealed it for your pleasure :
Ya see it ?
It says " yes . "
You know , to court that all - important blimp , pigeon , and kite vote .
Sheesh , does n't he know the rules :
One sign = thoughtful
Two signs = adamant
Hundreds of signs in an overwrought design = your own campaign is forced to feign excitement over your nutty endeavor , as if they 're a child on Christmas morning who asked for an Xbox but instead got a box with an " x " cut out of it !
Your thoughts
Could put a big slash through whole thing made out of NO ON 1 signs !
Posted by : Dick Mills | Nov 2 , 2009 11:04:14 PM
As far as I can tell , Deering Oaks Park is a CITY OWNED PUBLIC park .
Acording to the Portland City web site , they have summer concerts there sponsered by the Recreation and Facilities Department .
Would there be a possible violation of some city ordinance regarding the display of anything , not just political signs on city property with out proper permission by the city that this would be in violation of ?
If this is on Youtube , then there is proof that the signs are / were there and perhaps someone / some group needs to be reported as to the violation .
There is information regarding park use and reference to application procedures and also reference to policies and procedures on the city web site , but not enough detail to see if political signs are prohibited .
Posted by : Bob Miller | Nov 2 , 2009 11:04:46 PM
Nothing says " loser " like having to resort to grade - school gimmicks to keep people 's attention .
Posted by : fuzzypony | Nov 3 , 2009 2:35:24 AM
I had great joy in distorting similar sign arrangements on public spaces here .
Same color posters too ?
Do you think they are connected ?
Posted by : pantherq | Nov 3 , 2009 11:52:00 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
BUENOS AIRES — The battle for control over Argentina 's Central Bank moved to the country 's Congress , capping a weekend drama in which police barred the dissident top banker from entering his office .
Martín Redrado , who had vowed to go to work as usual Monday even as the government stationed police in front of the bank to keep him out , shifted his strategy by trying to enter the bank Sunday night , said his lawyer Gregorio Badeni .
His aim , the lawyer said , was " to avoid an uncomfortable situation , perhaps of violence ... that would ...
Nmap Announce mailing list archives
By Date By Thread Nmap 5.21 released From : Fyodor < fyodor ( ) insecure org >
Date : Wed , 27 Jan 2010 12:45:26 - 0800
Hello everyone .
I 'm pleased to release Nmap 5.21 , which contains zero exciting new features !
It is a bug - fix only release instead , addressing about a dozen issues discovered since 5.20 .
Thanks for all the testing and bug reports !
None of the bugs are critical , but we wanted to polish things up since 5.21 may be the latest stable version for a while .
That gives us time to tackle and stabilize big development projects .
If you want to know what we 're up to , join the nmap - dev list .
The Nmap 5.21 source code and packages for Linux , Mac , and Windows are available for download at the usual place : http://nmap.org/download.html
If you find any bugs , let us know on nmap- dev ( http://nmap.org/book/man-bugs.html).
If you find a big enough problem , you could inspire a 5.22 release .
Here are the CHANGELOG entries since 5.20 : o [ Zenmap ]
Added a workaround for a Ubuntu 9.10 Python packaging idiosyncrasy .
As of version python2.6-2.6.4-0ubuntu3 , Ubuntu 's distutils modifies self .
prefix , a variable we use in the setup.py script .
This would cause Zenmap to look in the wrong place for its configuration files , and show the dialog " Error creating the per- user configuration directory " with the specific error " [ Errno 2 ]
No such file or directory : ' /usr/share/zenmap / config ' " .
This problem was reported by Chris Clements , who also helped debug .
[ David ] o Fixed an error that occurred when UDP scan was combined with version scan .
UDP ports would appear in the state " unknown " at the end of the scan , and in some cases an assertion failure would be raised .
This was an unintended side effect of the memory use reduction changes in 5.20 .
The bug was reported by Jon Kibler .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
Did some simple bit - flipping on the nmap_service .
exe program used by the smb-psexec script , to avoid its being falsely detected as malware by dumb antivirus signatures .
[ Ron ] o [ NSE ]
Fixed a bug in http.lua that could lead to an assertion failure .
It happened when there was an error getting the a response at the beginning of a batch in http .
pipeline .
The symptoms of the bug were : NSE : Received only 0 of 1 expected reponses .
Decreasing max pipelined requests to 0 . NSOCK ( 0.1870s )
Write request for 0 bytes ... nmap : nsock_core.c:516 : handle_write_result : Assertion `bytesleft > 0 ' failed .
The error was reported by Brandon Enright and pyllyukko .
o [ NSE ]
Restored the ability of http .head to return a body if the server returns one .
This was lost in the http.lua overhaul from 5.20 .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
Fixed the use of our strict.lua library on distributions that install their own strict.lua .
The error message was nse_main .
lua:97 : attempt to call a boolean value
It was reported by Onur K. [ Patrick ] o Fixed handing of nameserver entries in /etc/resolv.conf so it could handle entries containing more than 16 bytes , which can occur with IP v6 addresses .
Gunnar Lindberg reported the problem and contributed an initial patch , then Brandon and Kris refined and implemented it .
o [ NSE ]
Corrected a behavior change in http .request that was accidentally made in 5.20 : it could return nil instead of a table indicating failure .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
Fixed the use of an undefined variable in smb-enum - sessions , reported by Brandon .
[ Ron ] o Fixed a compiler error when -- without - liblua is used .
[ Brandon ] o [ NSE ]
Fixed an error with running http - enum.nse along with the - - datadir option .
The script would report the error http- enum.nse :198 : bad argument # 1 to ' lines ' ( nselib/data/http - fingerprints :
No such file or directory )
The error was reported by Ron Meldau and Brandon .
[ Kris ] o Added a function that was missing from http-favicon.nse .
Its absence would cause the error http - favicon.nse : 141 : variable ' dirname ' is not declared when a web page specified an relative icon URL through the link element .
This bug was reported by Ron Meldau .
[ David ] o Fixed a bug with the decoding of NMAP OID component values greater than 127 .
[ Patrik Karlsson , David ]
Enjoy the new release !
- Fyodor _______________________________________________
Sent through the nmap - hackers mailing list http://cgi.insecure.org/mailman/listinfo/nmap-hackers
Archived at http://seclists.org/nmap-hackers/
By Date By Thread Current thread : Nmap 5.21 released Fyodor ( Jan 27 )
This week , the website WikiLeaks.org released half - a- million pager messages sent on 9/11 .
It was n’t the first time the site has generated comment or controversy .
The two - year - old WikiLeaks has rapidly made a name for itself by posting , often anonymously , secret documents and classified reports .
It also posted the e-mails ( which were either hacked or leaked ) of research scientists from the Climate Research Unit of East Anglia University , who in private messages undermined global warming data .
Here , editor JULIAN ASSANGE explains the site ’s philosophy …
To chart a new direction for our civilization , and ourselves , we must first know how our governments , our institutions and our corporations actually behave .
It is the public record that defines who we are , who we have been , and — in so far as we can change our destiny at all — what we shall become .
Because all our lives are now economically and politically intertwined , it belongs to no one man and no one nation .
It is the common thread from which human civilization is woven .
Its integrity is the basic limitation on the quality of our life .
It is the ground on which all decisions involving the national will , up to and including war , are made .
Historically it has been the press that has created the most important part of the public record .
But I believe in a new balancing estate , a new age of journalistic integrity , and a new form of civic courage — based , like our best science , not on backroom whispers and selective quotations , but on documented evidence , from Tehran to Washington , about how powerful organizations actually behave .
Only then can we chart a course to reform .
When journalists deny their readers the primary source material on which their most important stories are based , they not only deny our children an important part of their rightful political heritage , they deny themselves integrity , and the long - term good will of a public which cannot hold them to account .
The media must once again become the champion of the public record , and through it the champion of all .
Our hopes are not just a dream .
Although less than two years old , under - resourced and with most of our work yet to be done , WikiLeaks has triggered reforms across the world .
We have exposed hundreds of state assassinations , billions laundered by banks and corrupt politicians , and everywhere , censorship and the depravities of war .
Material that would not generally have otherwise been uncovered and which has , after its entry into the public record , led to substantial reforms , including the dissolution of two national governments , two new national constitutions , bills before the US Congress and many lawsuits , including one that ultimately lead tothe compensation to over 30,000 Africans affected by toxic waste dumping .
In Kenya , we released a suppressed private intelligence report that exposed over $ 3 billion of looting by the richest man in Kenya , former President Daniel Arap Moi , and other senior members of the serving Kenyan political class , who had laundered state funds across the world , into London and Swiss banks , Australian ranches — and property in New York .
The report made front pages around the world , lead to a diplomatic incident with the UK , and swung the vote by 10 % going into the December 28 , 2007 election .
None of the named politicians were re-elected and the constitution was extensively modified to create a new form of government with reduced power for the President and an executive Prime Minister .
We believe that transparency in government activities leads to reduced corruption , better government and stronger democracies .
All governments can benefit from increased scrutiny by the world community , as well as their own people .
We believe this scrutiny requires information .
Historically that information has been costly — in terms of human life and human rights .
But with technological advances — the Internet , and cryptography — the risks of conveying important information can be lowered .
Although there is an attempt to sue us every week , by taking our role seriously , and using the best technological and legal protections in the world , and through the support of the media , civil rights groups and the general public , we have never lost a case , and never lost a source .
WIKILEAKS.org
* Whistleblower website created two years ago .
* Co-founded by convicted hacker Julian Assange , who pleaded guilty in 1996 to 24 counts of breaking into Australian government and telecommunications systems .
* Website has no headquarters , but accepts submissions through servers in Belgium and Sweden , where press “ shield laws ” are best .
* Registered as a non-profit in Australia .
Staff of volunteer journalists ; donations help fund site .
* A Swiss bank briefly got Wikileaks shut down after it revealed IDs of wealthy clients .
Ugh .
As a rule we usually we try to avoid over - the - top misogynist websites , but there is a blog post today on Manolith.com that is emblematic of so many things that are problematic in lad mag culture that it could not be ignored .
The post , titled “ 15 Annoying Things Most Girlfriends Do ( That You Have to Put Up With ) ” covers just about every “ socially acceptable ” woman - hating base out there .
You ’ve been warned .
Before we delve into this world of annoying girlfriends , we should note that this post has nearly 2,000 Diggs and has been shared over 500 times on Facebook ( and it has n’t even been up 24 hours ) .
While this does n’t make it inherently newsworthy , it does mean that a significant number of people are paying attention to the post ’s content .
Significant enough that it seems worth going through the post and pointing out why those people have the wrong idea .
For the purposes of this blog post ( and to ensure that you can get through the day without puking all over your keyboard ) we ’ll review just five of the traits “ most girlfriends ” possess .
All 15 of the reasons why girlfriends ( and thus , women ) are annoying can be found here .
1. She ’s Late for Everything
First things first : Absolute statements like that are always going to be wrong ( see what happened there ? ) .
Saying that girlfriends are late for EVERYTHING does n’t work , even when it comes to girlfriends ( and boyfriends ) who are punctually - challenged .
This one gets worse .
There is no difference between getting ready to go to the bar , out to dinner , out to a movie , to see your parents , or to cross the street and sit at the park .
Girlfriends often feel the need to spend an hour ( or three ) preparing themselves for the outing .
If you wise up to this early , and give them a full five hours warning , they will wait until 20 minutes beforehand to begin this preparation .
Despite decades of intense social - study on the subject , there is no logical explanation for this .
Really ?
The subtext here seems to be that girlfriends ( read : women ) care only about themselves and their looks .
Who cares if your parents are in town ?
She needs FIVE HOURS to get ready , and they ’ll just have to wait !
Women are so selfish !
Of course , we all know people of various genders who are usually on time , and people who are n’t .
Sure , many women feel a social pressure to look a certain way ( helped along , to be sure , by articles like this one ) but it is ludicrous to assert that all girlfriends are that inconsiderate .
2. She Ca n’t Just Let Food Be Food
Ah , food .
Forever a charged issue when it comes to gender norms .
Somehow it ’s often OK to police women ’s relationships with food , and now it ’s apparently OK to grossly overgeneralize them as well .
Guys do n’t have a problem coming home to a fridge full of beer , bread , ketchup and hot dogs .
We ’ll be happy as clams in front of the TV with our minimalistic , efficient foodstuffs .
Women ca n’t live like that ; they need to have something different every day , and whatever it is , it ca n’t be plain .
It has to be dressed up , special , gourmet .
Ideally speaking , women would n’t even eat at home if they could help it — there ’d always be “ that cute little place ” downtown .
Whatever that place is , it changes with the weather .
Where to start ?
Well , first of all , there is still a very real societal expectation that women should know how to cook , so this assertion that women would like to eat at a restaurant every night is at least a different kind of attack .
That being said , this statement ignores the obvious fact that the majority of professional chefs are men .
It also taps into that special fear that girlfriends are all turbo - golddiggers who ca n’t wait to trick you ( their boyfriend ) into giving up your precious hotdog and taking them out to dinner every night .
3. Movies : She Ruins Their Very Existence
That is a mighty bold statement .
Just how , pray tell , do women ruin the existence of all movies ?
This is n’t so much because she talks during your favorite part , or that she ca n’t stop fidgeting or playing with her phone during the movie .
Those things are true , but the main problem here is a combination of her taste in movies , her insistence that you watch the movies she wants to see , and her ( likely ) complete lack of desire to actually pay enough attention to movies you want to watch to actually learn to enjoy them .
On the whole , the effect is ruinous .
Just bear with her on the chick flicks , and when you want to see something — leave her at home .
You ’ll enjoy it so much more that way .
There is a lot of information in those few sentences .
Apparently , women are guilty of the following : talking during your favorite part of any movie , fidgeting without the ability to stop , playing with cell phones during movies , having shitty taste in movies , forcing that shitty taste on you , lacking the desire to even pay attention to a movie you care about , inability to learn to enjoy things outside of the realm of her shitty tastes , and basically ruining the whole medium .
But do n’t worry , you ’ll enjoy yourself more if you just leave her at home !
Women could never exist at the supreme level of taste you yourself have cultivated !
It is interesting to note that all of these reasons why women are annoying are written in the fourth person , using “ you . ”
Is this supposed to be cathartic ?
Because anyone who has ever had a girlfriend can relate ?
I myself have not had any of the experiences they reference , but I ’m a woman so if I had I would n’t remember anyway .
( Selective memory is another reason why girlfriends are annoying . )
4. Constant Guilt - Tripping and Martyrdom
We could respond to this claim , but you probably would n’t read it anyway , and if you did you probably would n’t recognize all of the effort that went into writing it .
( See? CONSTANT guilt - tripping !)
Seriously though , here ’s how Manolith defends that absolute ( and absolutely bogus ) statement :
Women can claim martyrdom as a last resort to win any argument , while crying .
They might make an outlandish claim , such as “ I always cook dinner , ” even if you actually cook three times a week .
They might claim to clean the house , when in fact you divide cleaning chores evenly .
There are any number of ways they can guilt - trip guys into folding in an argument , and they use them according to need .
Wow .
It looks like women can win any argument by crying and make completely false claims ( women are also liars ) .
Why have n’t lawyers adopted these crackerjack tactics ?
5. Deeming All Things Technical to be Unimportant
Women are such imbeciles .
They do n’t understand anything , and they do n’t want to try .
This was true for movies , but even truer when it comes to anything technical at all .
Possibly one of the most irksome behaviors exhibited by women today , especially once they ’re comfortable with their relationships , is utter disregard for the technical aspect of a thing .
When a man sees a sports car , he likely recognizes it for the engine , suspension , equipment and any number of other things aside from the obvious fact that it looks good .
Women will look at it and say “ oooh it ’s cute ! ”
They want the newest smartphone not for its hardware or software , but because it looks new .
They do n’t care how something works , they just expect it to work .
This behavior is largely responsible for the amount of times women will drive a car absolutely devoid of oil for two weeks while they wonder why on earth the warning light is on .
As a woman who is at a computer writing this post right now , I beg to differ .
Now , again , it ’s clear that this is the kind of post that was written with sensationalism in mind , and if we were to interview “ The Manolith Team ” ( no one person wants to cop to authorship ) they would most likely say that it was a joke .
However , if we feminists know anything , it ’s that jokes like these usually mask an underlying misogyny , and the social acceptability of these jokes is an indicator that this misogyny is pretty common .
You can practically feel the hatred and resentment oozing out of this post ( and if you need more evidence , you can read some of the 114 comments this post has gotten , most of them supportive ) , and no “ joke ” disclaimer is going to change that .
Until we get to a point in the blogosphere ( and we are far from it ) where the editors at blogs like Manolith start vetoing these pieces instead of championing them as examples of hilarious , insightful writing , then unfortunately we feminists are going to have to slog through some of them and call bullshit .
The COVID - 19 outbreaks continue to grow at the Foothills Hospital with three more people testing positive for the virus and another unit upgraded to an outbreak .
In this synthetic aperture radar image obtained by NASA 's Cassini spacecraft , two generally similar features , upper center and lower right , appear to be low mountains with grooves running roughly in the up - down direction .
A set of straight lines are also visible at lower left .
( photo : NASA )
PASADENA , Calif. , Jan. 25 ( UPI ) -- NASA 's Cassini spacecraft has found yet another mystery to be solved -- hills with a wrinkly radial pattern discovered on Titan , Saturn 's largest moon .
The grooved mounds , located in a northern hemisphere region known as Belet , are about 50 miles wide and about 200 feet high .
NASA scientists said the shapes of the landscape features have not been seen on Titan before , although they bear similarity to spidery features known as coronae on Venus .
A corona is a circular to elliptical feature thought to result from the flow of heat in a planet 's interior .
Advertisement
" This star - shaped pattern of the hills indicates something significant happening , ... " said Steve Wall of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
" It might be caused by tectonic forces , such as the forces that pull the crust of a planet apart , or rainfall that leads to erosion , or an ice intrusion like a dike . "
All such forces produce grooves on Earth 's surface , but Wall said NASA scientists are not yet sure what is happening on Titan .
Controversial theologian and philosopher Don Cupitt presents Jesus as a radical secular humanist in this interview for the Philosophy Bites podcast .
Listen to Don Cupitt on Jesus as Philosopher
Philosophy Bites is made in association with the University of London 's Institute of Philosophy
Tuesday , January 26 , 2010
Britain's Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) has admitted sixteen instances of sensitive information being leaked on social networking websites in the past eighteen months .
Ten employees have been disciplined for misuse of the sites .
The revelations follow a Freedom of Information request by Lewis PR and computer security company F - Secure .
The MoD would not comment on what disciplinary action was taken , or whether the leaks involved operational information .
The ministry 's guidelines state that staff must obtain clearance to release any information that is related to sensitive , controversial or political matters , or military operations .
" It 's worrying that employees in sensitive positions have been sharing confidential information via Twitter and other means , " said Mikko Hypponen , of F - Secure .
" Loose Tweets can cost lives . ”
According to Lewis PR , computers on the main MoD networks are blocked from visiting social networking sites .
However there are a small number within the department which have unrestricted Internet access .
Some personnel in Afghanistan and Iraq also have access through internet cafés on military bases .
The ministry 's " online engagement guidelines " , released in August last year , recognise the importance of social media such as Facebook for personnel keeping in touch with friends and family .
According to the document : " Service and MOD civilian personnel are encouraged to talk about what they do , but within certain limits to protect security , reputation and privacy . "
Sources
Continental Drift and Concurrent Evolution of Human Species
A paper by Akhil Bakshi that if it ’s not been read is certainly worth a person ’s time to do so .
Monkeys , in various forms , evolved independently in different parts of the world .
They did not walk from Africa to other continents .
However , proponents of ‘ single origin ’ theory believe that they did exactly that – not walked but rafted !...
It is difficult to believe that the South American monkey rafted across the high seas from Africa … Or take the case of the African and Asian elephants .
They are also distant cousins .
But did the African elephant also take the raft across the Sea of Tethys ?
Marmoset - A South American Monkey Continental Drift and Concurrent Evolution of Human Species
A critique of the African - origin theory by
Akhil Bakshi
The theory in vogue about man ’s origin is that he first evolved in Africa and from there spread out to colonise the rest of the world .
This theory is known as the Out - of - Africa model , and also as the Recent single - origin hypothesis ( RSOH ) , Replacement Hypothesis or Recent African Origin ( RAO ) model .
After leading the multi-disciplinary Gondwanaland Expedition across the interiors of 17 countries of South Asia , West Asia and Africa , through regions of great significance in the evolution of flora , fauna and humans , I doubt this theory and am more inclined to support the hypothesis that different races of humans , like many plant and animal species , evolved independently in various parts of the planet .
The fact that most of the oldest hominid fossils have been found around the Great Rift Valley lakes of Africa cannot make us decisively conclude that man originated in Africa .
Perhaps older hominid fossils exist elsewhere in the world waiting to be discovered .
Or , if they ever existed , these fossils have not been preserved by nature and are lost to science .
Fossils are more readily found in the African Rift valleys due to the layers of sediments and protective volcanic ash that help preserve them .
Key records of human ancestry have been found along the Awash and Omo Rivers of Ethiopia , at Lake Turkana in Kenya , and Olduvai Gorge and Laetoli in Tanzania .
At Hadar , in Ethiopia , river erosion exposed the site where Lucy , one of the earliest known hominid , walked between three and four million years ago .
Great Rift geology in this Afar region of Ethiopia is ideal for creating fossils .
It is a low area that collects sediments necessary to bury and preserve bones .
There is also volcanic ash that allows scientists to date the sediments .
Faulting along the rift helps by bringing old bones back to the surface where they can be found .
But just because the oldest hominid fossils have been found in regions , where ideal conditions exist for their preservation , it cannot be concluded that man originated in Africa .
Even if we are to assume that man did originate in Africa , what was the motivation for him to leave his homeland and migrate across inaccessible forests , deathly deserts and wide oceans and seas to lands and islands thousands of miles away ?
From the early stage of hominid evolution to , say , 50,000 years ago , when the hunter - gathers settled down to an agrarian life , the population was small , food abundant , and wars had not graduated to more than a bar room brawl , there was no reason or necessity for our ancestors to risk venturing from Africa to as far away as inaccessible Australia and all the places in - between .
If man migrated out of Africa and colonised the rest of the world , then other forms of life – plants , trees , ants , termites , butterflies , bees , crows , sparrows , hummingbirds , larks , lizards , bats , rats , squirrels , porcupines , horses , tigers , wolves – and everything else – can also be said to have made a nomadic exodus from the “ home continent ” of Africa and populated the planet without getting their feet wet .
Animals and humans do not wander unnecessarily .
In fact , their instinct always leads them back to their “ home ” .
Birds have a definite migratory path they follow year after year .
An Arctic Tern flying to Antarctic from its breeding ground in Iceland will not stray or divert its flight path to Asia or South America .
The central population of endangered Siberian Cranes winter in India – year after year – and go back home .
Fish have their definite breeding grounds .
The Olive Ridley Turtle comes back to the same beach to lay its eggs .
Recently in India , a leopard , relocated 400 km away from its home , found his way back to his forest .
The Bushmen of Africa or the pygmies of Brazil or the Jarawas of Andamans have not picked up their bows and arrows and migrated to pleasanter climes – but have remained firmly rooted to their homeland – in spite of disease , droughts and floods .
It may be observed that traces of the Negroid race , outside of Africa , are in Australia - Papua New Guinea ( Aborigines ) , Philippines ( Aeta and Batak ) , Sri Lanka ( Vedas ) , India ( Sentinelese , Onge and Jarawas ) .
Traces - because most of these original tribes inhabiting these lands have either been decimated or have mixed with other migrating races over the recent millennia .
The remaining original tribes are marginalised and are on their way to extinction .
But observe that these original inhabitants , of Negroid stock , are in countries and continents that were once a part of the super continent of Gondwanaland – that comprised of Africa , Australia , India , South America and Antarctica .
Did they all walk from Africa or could they have evolved independently ?
If the Negroid race could have evolved in Africa from mammals – then could the same mammals not also evolve into the Negroid race on the landmasses of South America , Australia - Papua New Guinea and India - that were once joined to Africa and shared similar ecosystem and ancestral conditions ?
Reason and Darwinian logic says it should be possible .
Let us have a look at plant , marine and animal life that existed when Gondwanaland broke away from Laurasia - mostly during the Jurassic period , 210 million to 140 million years ago ( MYA ) .
The ‘ highest ’ life forms living in the seas were fish and marine reptiles .
The latter include ichthyosaurs , plesiosaurs and marine crocodiles , of the families Teleosauridae and Metriorhynchidae .
In the invertebrate world , several new groups had appeared , such as : planktonic foraminifera and calpionelids , rudists , a reef - forming variety of bivalves ; belemnites ; and brachiopods of the terebratulid and rinchonelid groups .
Ammonites ( shelled cephalopods ) were particularly common and diverse .
On land , large archosaurian reptiles remained dominant .
Great plant - eating dinosaurs ( sauropods ) roamed the land , feeding on prairies of ferns and palm - like cycads and bennettitales .
They were preyed upon by large theropods ( Ceratosaurs , Megalosaurs , and Allosaurs ) - all of them belonging to the ‘ lizard hipped ’ or saurischian branch of the dinosaurs .
During the Late Jurassic , 160 million to 140 million years ago , the first birds evolved from small coelurosaur dinosaurs .
In the air , pterosaurs were common .
During the Jurassic period , arid conditions had eased and the warm , humid climate allowed lush jungles to cover much of the landscape Conifers were the most diverse group of trees and constituted the greatest majority of large trees .
So when Gondwanaland began to break up in the mid- to late Jurassic ( about 167 million years ago ) there was sufficient plant , marine and reptile life on the super - continent .
East Gondwana , comprising Antarctica - Madagascar - India - Australia , began to separate from Africa during the Middle Jurassic .
South America began to drift slowly westward from Africa as the South Atlantic Ocean opened , beginning about 130 MYA ( Early Cretaceous ) .
East Gondwana itself began to be dismembered as India began to move northward , in the Early Cretaceous ( about 120 MYA ) .
As the slow process of rifting and drifting continued , and the continents moved away , the existing life forms would also have moved away with the landmasses ( and not fled enmasse to the African part ) and continued to evolve there , adapting to the changing climatic and physical conditions .
Flowering plants , spread during this period , aided by the appearance of bees ;
The first representatives of many modern trees , like figs and magnolias , appeared .
Conifers continued to thrive .
Insects began to diversify , and the oldest known ants , termites and some lepidopterans appeared – as did aphids , grasshoppers , and wasps .
In the seas , rays , modern sharks and teleosts became common .
Marine reptiles included ichthyosaurs in the early and middle of the Cretaceous , plesiosaurs throughout the entire period , and mosasaurs in the Late Cretaceous .
Baculites , a straight - shelled form of ammonite , flourished in the seas .
The Hesperornithiformes were flightless , marine diving birds that swam like grebes .
Globotruncanid Foraminifera thrived .
On land , mammals were still a relatively minor component of the fauna that was dominated by archosaurian reptiles , especially dinosaurs , which were at their most diverse .
The mammal - like reptiles , or Therapsids had first appeared about 285 million years ago near the beginning of the Permian , which is well before the dinosaurs .
They evolved quickly and many different groups arose .
The first mammal may never be known , but the Genus Morganucodon and in particular Morganucodon watsoni , a 2 - 3 cm long weasel - like animal whose fossils were first found in caves in Wales and around Bristol ( UK ) , but later unearthed in China , India , North America , South Africa and Western Europe is a possible contender .
It is believed to be between 200 MYA and 210 MYA .
However Gondwanadon tapani reported from India on the basis of a single tooth in 1994 may be an earlier contender for the title , with a claimed date of 225 MYA .
These early mammals were small , insectivorous , nocturnal , hairy and warm - blooded .
Warm - bloodedness is believed to have first evolved among the cynodonts , a late but successful group of mammal - like reptiles from which the mammals evolved .
The cynodonts were the only mammal - like reptiles to survive to the Jurassic ( 200 MYA - 145 MYA ) ; in fact they nearly made it into the Cretaceous ( 145 MYA – 65.5 MYA ) , and definitely coexisted with many of the major dinosaurs .
During the Jurassic the mammals remained small and mainly nocturnal , living beneath the ‘ metaphorical ’ feet of the great dinosaurs .
These early mammals were more like small monotremes and probably laid eggs .
Marsupials and placental mammals ( cats , dogs , you and me ) did not evolve for another 70 million years .
The age of mammals got underway in earnest during the Cenozoic era , most recent of the the three classical geological eras that covers the period from 65.5 million years ago to the present .
During this period , India was further broken into the Madagascar block and the Seychelles Islands .
Elements of this breakup are nearly coincident with the Cretaceous - Tertiary extinction event that wiped out about 50 % of all species on the planet , most notably the dinosaurs , 65 million years ago .
All these species dying out left huge niche vacancies in the habitat .
Following this disaster it was the mammals alone of the remaining groups of animals who diversified to take advantage of this new situation .
The continent of Australia - New Guinea began to gradually separate and move north ( 55 million years ago ) , and , eventually , adjacent to South - east Asia ; Antarctica moved into its current position over the South Pole ; the Atlantic Ocean widened and , later in the era , South America became attached to North America .
India collided with Asia between 55 and 45 MYA .
By now , in the last 15 million years since the “ Cretaceous - Tertiary extinction event ” , the remaining 10 mammal families ( five became extinct with the dinosaurs ) expanded to become 78 families by the early Eocene , 55 MYA .
The number of genera increased from about 40 to over 200 during the same time .
Asian Elephants
By the middle of the Eocene ( 45 MYA ) all the major groups of mammals alive today had come into existence , though not necessarily as we know them now .
By and by , from the life forms and mammals that inhabited the breakaway continents , emerged the primates .
The order Primates consists of two major suborders : the Prosimii and the Anthropoidea .
The prosimians , meaning , “ pre-monkey ” were the first to evolve .
Often called the “ lower primates ” , they include the lemurs and lorises .
So , 45 MYA there were lemurs and other prosimians in Africa , India , Madagascar , Eurasia and North America .
These evolved , slowly over the next 30 million years , into more advanced primates – like monkeys that populated all corners of the world , displacing most prosimians .
The various species of primates , adapting to their own environment , formed their own peculiar physical characteristics .
One group of lower primates increased in size – producing the first apes of which the orang utan and gibbon survive in Asia , and chimpanzee and gorilla in Africa .
A branch of these apes gave up their arboreal life for the ground .
Their larger brain size led to an increase in learning and beginning of a group culture ; the manipulative hand and the coordinated eyes made possible the manufacture and use of tools .
It was this branch that eventually became the ape - man – around 5 MYA .
It had taken 15 millions years for apes to transform to the ape - man .
It took the body of one branch of these ape - men another three million years to adapt to the life on plains .
“ Their feet became more suited to running , lost their ability to grasp , and acquired a slight arch .
The hips changed , the joint moved to the centre of the pelvis to balance the upright torso .
The skull changed .
The jaws became smaller and the forehead more domed .
The brain doubled in size ” ( Life on Earth , David Attenborough ) .
The ape - man gradually became Homo erectus , the Upright Man .
From the above it is seen that when Gondwanaland broke , or for that matter when Pangea broke into Laurasia and Gondwanaland , there were certain forms of life on earth .
If from this life , Homo erectus could have evolved in Africa , over millions of years , why then , from the same life forms , could he not also have evolved on other continents that had a similar ecosystem and ancestral conditions ?
One branch of an orang utan could have evolved into an Asiatic Ape- man who also eventually stood upright and developed Mongoloid features ( Java Man , Peking Man ) – today ’s yellow race of Chinese , Japanese , etc .
The African primates and gorillas branched off into the African Ape- man – that evolved into the present Negroid race that further evolved independently in the southern continents that were all once a part of the supercontinent of Gondwanaland .
A branch of another primate in Europe , now perhaps extinct and so far untraceable , could have evolved into a European Ape- man – that eventually evolved from Cro-Magnon into the Caucasian race .
Monkeys , in various forms , evolved independently in different parts of the world .
They did not walk from Africa to other continents .
However , proponents of ‘ single origin ’ theory believe that they did exactly that – not walked but rafted !
Take , for instance , the origin of monkeys on the continent of South America - a matter of much debate .
Given the isolation of South America for a large time during the Tertiary Period ( 65 million – 1.8 MYA ) , the question of how the monkeys reached the continent is difficult to answer for some scientists .
The South American continent became separated from Africa during the Mesozoic era ( 251 MYA – 65MYA ) , so the problem is how did the primates reach the continent .
The first fossil primates were found in the late Oligocene ( 34 – 23 MYA ) and South America was not much closer to either Africa or North America as it is today .
The early thinking by scientists was that the primates rafted from North America to South America , but based on “ new evidence ” they point to a probable African origin .
The “ evidence ” showing an African origin of the platyrrhine monkeys of South America is , first , the ocean currents of that time would have facilitated a crossing from Africa to South America and not from North America ( Tarling , 1982 ; cited in Fleagle , 1988 ) .
During the middle Oligocene there was a large drop in sea level that may have allowed rafting to be more permissible ( Fleagle , 1988 ) .
The first fossil platyrrhine , Branisella boliviana was found during the late Oligocene , so it is possible that platyrrhines first came to South America during the middle Oligocene ( Fleagle , 1988 ) .
Also they point to a morphological characteristic that links the platyrrhines with the Oligocene parapithecids of Africa .
Both the parapithecids and extinct and extant platyrrhines show extensive postorbital closure , which is not found in primates from North America ( Fleagle and Kay , 1997 ) .
The caviamorph rodents that are found in South America also did not appear until the Oligocene and have their closest relatives as the African porcupines showing that there may have been other animals rafting from Africa to South America ( Hoffstetter and Lavocat , 1970 ; cited in Fleagle , 1988 ) .
Thus most of the evidence for the origin of platyrrhines points to the continent of Africa ( Fleagle , 1988 ) .
It is difficult to believe that the South American monkey rafted across the high seas from Africa .
It is more likely , and perfectly plausible , that the South American monkey , rodent and porcupine , said to be relatives of the African species , had their common evolutionary origin in Gondwanaland .
They evolved independently in South America from the same base material that was available in Gondwanaland – when Africa and South America were joined as one landmass .
Or take the case of the African and Asian elephants .
They are also distant cousins .
But did the African elephant also take the raft across the Sea of Tethys ?
No raft of that period would have the capacity to do so – and Noah was n’t born yet .
Both animals evolved from the same ancestor , a small , trunkless , pig - like animal that lived in Africa .
As India moved away from Africa , this pig - like animal evolved into the Asian elephant on the India landmass and as the African elephant on the African landmass , each having its own peculiar characteristics .
Similarly , the primates evolved independently on the separated ( but once joined ) continents – and , by and by , these evolved into the biologically - similar hominid race with different physical characteristics – the races in the now separated Gondwanaland region assuming similar Negroid physical uniqueness and the hominids of Laurasia assuming Caucasian and Mongoloid characteristics .
Today , the Negroid races survive mostly in Africa .
In the rest of the former Gondwanaland regions , the Negroid race has become marginalised , inter-mixed or extinct – Aborigines in Australia - Papua New Guinea , Veddas in Sri Lanka and the Great Andamanese tribals in India .
Take the case of India .
I hypothesise that the hominid race that originally evolved in India had Negroid features – their remnants being the Sentinelise , Jarawasas and the Onge on Andaman Islands .
At one time , when their population was significant , they had occupied large tracts of the country .
As groups of technologically superior Dravidian people , themselves of mixed ancestry , moved into the Indian heartland from the north , 6,000 - 8,000 years ago , some of the original inhabitants were liquidated – by war and disease .
Then , overtime , the original Negroid race mixed with the Dravidian race – the remnants of which probably are the present - day tribals of India , the adivasis , which include Gonds and Bhils of Central India , Bonda of Orissa , Birhor of Bihar , Cholanikan of Kerala , Chenchu of Ap , etc .
The Dravidian migrants , who flourished in India for thousands of years and built great civilisations ( that reached their peak in Mohanjodaro and Harappa 4,000 – 4,600 years ago - around the same time when the Egyptian civilisation was at its zenith ) , were later themselves pushed southwards by the invading Aryans .
Migration and racial mixing between Aryans and Dravidians followed – and is still continuing .
Meanwhile , the handful of the remaining original Negroid population , confined to a few small islands in the Andaman Sea , faces extinction .
Evolution is a slow process .
It took hundreds of millions of years for apes to evolve .
It took another fifteen million years for the ape to become ape - man .
Two million years passed before the ape - man could stand upright and become Homo erectus .
Homo sapiens emerged 200,000 years ago .
According to the ‘ Out of Africa ’ theory , man moved out of Africa 60,000 years ago .
When he moved out , he must have had Negroid features .
Are we to believe that in only 40,000 – 50,000 years the Negroid race evolved into Caucasian and Mongoloid races with vastly different physical characteristics ?
The proponents of the ‘ Out of Africa ’ theory are increasingly seeking support of genetics .
According to their hypothesis , all 7 billion people alive today have inherited the same Mitochondrial DNA from one woman who lived in Africa about 200,000 years ago ; and all men today have inherited their Y - chromosomes from a man who lived 60,000 years ago , probably in Africa .
Genetics , as a science , is still in its infancy and the theories and conclusions of geneticists and molecular biologists are , as much as that of other scientists , still vulnerable to revisions , rifts and reversals .
For instance , in the last 50 years molecular biologists have been obsessed with the DNA and dismissed the neglected RNA as a a humble carrier of messages and fetcher of building materials .
Now , suddenly , they have discovered RNA ’s great significance in the evolution of life .
There are still several genes whose functions are unknown .
Scientists ’ ideas about humanity ’s past are particularly prone to change , sometimes coming full circle .
Forty years ago , for example , palaeontologists thought that hominids , the group of primates that includes modern humans , had been distinct from other apes for some 25 m years .
The figure has now been revised to 5 million .
The certainties about our past are at best transient .
My hypothesis is similar to what is believed by the “ multiregionalists ” who think “ either that pre-sapiens hominids were all a vast , interbreeding species that gradually evolved into sapiens everywhere , or , against all Darwinian logic , that Homo sapiens arose independently in several places by some unknown process of parallel evolution . ” ( Economist , December 20 , 2005 ) .
My hypothesis , by linking the continental drift theory and the theory of evolution , attempts to explain this “ unknown ” process – and does not defy Darwinian logic .
Continental Drift and Concurrent Evolution of Human Species
Comments :
Post a comment :
Next entry : Projection ?
Previous entry :
It ’s politics .
And it ’s KMD .
In what the Vermont Rutland Herald is calling “ a first - of - its kind parent custody change , ” Judge William Cohen of the Rutland Family Court yesterday granted sole custody of 7 - year - old Isabella Miller to her non-biological mother , Janet Jenkins .
Jenkins has been fighting her former partner Lisa Miller for visitation for years now .
Miller says she is no longer a lesbian and has enlisted the far - right Liberty Counsel to argue her case .
Now , the court has ruled in favor of full custody for Jenkins , even though she had earlier been willing to have only visitation rights , because of Miller ’s continued refusal to allow Isabella even to visit Jenkins .
Miller only brought her to see Jenkins twice in the last two years .
The Rutland Herald reports :
“ In the long term , the change in custody will be in ( Isabella ’s ) best interests as she will have the opportunity for maximum continuing physical and emotional contact with both parents , ” [ Judge Cohen ] said , adding that both parents were equal in terms of stability , financial resources , emotional availability and other considerations required for child rearing .
Where they were n’t equal , he said , was in their willingness to work together .
While Miller has repeatedly and consistently blocked Jenkins ’ access to Isabella , the judge said Jenkins has agreed to allow Miller access and would allow Isabella to continue to attend church events with her other parent .
Although Miller ’s lawyer says they will appeal , Carl Tobias , a professor of law at the University of Richmond , says he does n’t believe courts in either Vermont or Virginia ( where Miller had tried to get the courts to rule in her favor ) will overturn yesterday ’s decision , as courts tire of people litigating when they have no valid case .
Let us hope for Isabella ’s sake that this spells the end of the matter .
May she finally settle into a routine , living with the one parent who , with amazing compassion and understanding , will allow her to have access to both of the parents whom she loves .
Let us hope , too , that the many other capable and loving non-bio mothers will soon no longer have to argue for the rights to continue parenting the children they have helped raise .
Although this case may set no formal precedent in other states , I think it is a good sign ( as are other recent decisions ) that sentiment is changing .
In April 2008 , I wrote that British journalists interpret “ freedom of the press ” to mean that they can make up anything they want and publish it as fact in British newspapers .
Now another evolutionary psychologist has learned the lesson the hard way .
In the earlier post , I explain that , by the American standards , all British newspapers are tabloids because they do n’t distinguish between what is true and what they make up .
I knew this from my own experiences of dealing with British journalists , but , as it turns out , even the British government admits , in an official government publication , that British newspapers make things up and report them as facts .
Most British people consider the Times of London to be the most respectable “ broadsheet ” newspaper ( as opposed to “ tabloid ” newspapers ) in the UK , despite the fact that the Times , along with most British “ broadsheet ” newspapers , is now published in the tabloid size to make it easier for people to read it in crowded London subways .
Last week , the Sunday Times published an article with the headline “ Blonde women born to be warrior princesses . ”
The article reported that “ Researchers claim that blondes are more likely to display a “ warlike ” streak because they attract more than other women and are used to getting their own way – the so - called “ princess effect . ” ”
The Times article quotes the evolutionary psychologist at the University of California – Santa Barbara , Aaron Sell , and his findings are purportedly published in his article in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , written with the two Deans of Modern , Leda Cosmides and John Tooby .
As it turns out , however , none of this is true , as Sell explains in his angry letter to the Times .
He and his coauthors do not mention blondes at all in their paper and they do n’t even have hair color in their data .
The supplementary analyses that Sell performed after the publication of the paper , as a personal favor to the Times reporter , show the exact opposite of what the Times article claims .
After he presumably listened to Sell explain all of this on the phone , the Times reporter nonetheless made up the whole thing , and attributed it to Sell .
This is eerily reminiscent of my own experience with a British journalist .
He interviewed me in 2006 about one of my articles , which demonstrates , among other things , that the average of a population is positively correlated with the health of the population everywhere in the world , except in Africa .
The headline of the article he wrote ?
“ Low IQs are Africa ’s curse , says lecturer . ”
When I first heard about the so - called “ warrior princess ” finding , it did not make any sense to me .
Unlike Sell , I am interested in the effect of hair colors on and other individual differences , and I have studied such effects of hair colors in the past ( although it is very difficult to get data on hair colors because everybody unquestioningly assumes that they are not important so nobody collects data on them ) .
The claim that blondes are more “ warlike ” is not at all consistent with what I know about what blondes are like compared to women of other hair colors .
So , not only do British journalists make things up , but what they make up does n’t even make sense .
I hope American and British readers ( and readers throughout the world ) will finally wake up to the reality of British journalism :
You just cannot believe what you read in British newspapers .
I ’d further call on my academic colleagues on both sides of the Atlantic never to speak to British reporters .
You have absolutely no control over what they say about you and your scientific research .
Unfortunately , however , this does not always work .
A reporter from the Sunday Times has recently requested an interview with me about one of my papers .
Having already learned my lesson in 2006 , I completely ignored his email and telephone messages .
As a result , no interview took place .
But that did not stop him at all .
He went ahead and wrote his article , pretending that he had interviewed me and quoting me at length .
Something similar has happened to me with another British newspaper .
At another time , a reporter from yet another British newspaper attempted to blackmail me and LSE into giving an interview with him .
Sell did make one mistake , however .
Unfamiliar with British newspapers , he assumed , in writing a letter of protest to the Times , that British journalists are as decent and as American journalists , and therefore that , once the errors in their reporting are pointed out to them , they would be ashamed and be quick to issue a correction or retraction .
In his letter , Sell writes : “ Journalistic requires , at a minimum , that you remove from this article all references to me , and to the research I and my collaborators have conducted . ”
Sell wrongly assumes that British reporters have journalistic ethics .
He writes : “ I trust that the Times is committed to being accurate . ”
Wrong again !
Sell does not realize that it is their job as British journalists to make things up .
They do n’t care if it ’s true or not .
It ’s like telling reporters from the National Enquirer “ No , there are actually no medical records to show that Britney Spears gave birth to a three - headed cow - baby fathered by the ghost of Michael Jackson .
That would be biologically impossible , for a couple of reasons . ”
They simply do n’t care ; it ’s their job to make things up .
Update ( 31 January 2010 ) : Daniel Finkelstein , Executive Editor of the Times of London , informs me that the Times and the Sunday Times are completely different newspapers , with entirely separate teams of staff and editorial policies , which I had not known .
It occurs to me that all of my recent personal experiences , as well as Sell ’s , have been limited to the Sunday Times .
The Times has not written about my work since July 2003 , shortly before my arrival in the UK .
I therefore do not want to malign the Times unjustifiably .
' You Can't Punish Someone Before He Commits A Crime '
01/29/10
Source : RFE/RL
Nineteen - year - old Arash Rahmanipour was executed in Iran on January 28 after being convicted of waging war against God and attempting to overthrow the Iranian regime .
The charges against Rahmanipour related to his alleged role in Iran 's postelection unrest .
His father , Davoud Rahmanipour , told Radio Farda broadcaster Baktash Khamsehpour about what he called an unjust sentence against his son .
Arash Rahmanipour
Radio Farda :
Was your son a member of the monarchist group called the Assembly of the Kingdom -- which , according to Iranian officials , aims to overthrow the Iranian regime ?
Davoud Rahmanipour : I do n't know , because for the past year , due to some problems , I was in one of the provinces and I do n't have enough information about it .
Radio Farda :
You reportedly found out about the execution of your son through the media .
Officials had not informed you , is that right ?
Rahmanipour : Yes , on Monday night my son contacted me and told me that we could visit him on Thursday [ January 28 ] .
We were happy and on Thursday we went to visit him at Evin Prison , but there we were told that he has been transferred to Karaj .
That 's all [ the prison officials ] said and we believed them .
On the way we realized that state television had announced that he had been hanged that morning and became a martyr .
Radio Farda :
This is a very great loss for your family .
Can you tell us how this has affected your family ?
Rahmanipour : Naturally we 're all very upset -- we 've lost a loved one -- but what is important is Arash 's intentions .
He was seeking justice and humanity ; he faced some problems because of his young age , but he was always seeking justice .
Radio Farda :
Did you try to do anything to prevent the execution of your son ?
Rahmanipour :
The sentence was very unjust .
I tried to refer to Islam and Islamic kindness and told his judge that my son did n't do anything , he did n't spill anybody 's blood and did n't use a bomb , he did n't have weapons .
They said he was planning to do this and that , but he did n't even know how the next day was going to look .
Even if we accept that he intended to commit [ a crime ] , you can't [ punish ] that person before he has committed a crime .
I wrote to the judge that my son has n't done anything , and that you can't sentence him based on his childish thoughts .
The judge did n't even talk to my son for two minutes , he just talked to him for about a minute and a half .
I was there .
He just asked him how much his father makes , and how many siblings he has .
There was another court session in which Arash made some confessions , and it's not clear which part was true or whether it was dictated to him and was not true .
Leave it to the future and history and awakening consciences .
Copyright ( c ) 2010 RFE/RL , Inc. Reprinted with the permission of Radio Free Europe / Radio Liberty , 1201 Connecticut Ave. , N.W. Washington DC 20036 .
www.rferl.org
In one of its most cynical moves yet , the Australian Government will delay the implementation of Internet censorship until after the next Australian Election .
In a letter to an opponent of internet censorship , Minister for Censorship Stephen Conroy wrote that the Government would introduce “ legislative amendments into Parliament to require all ISPs , starting twelve months from the passage of the legislation , to filter RC material hosted on overseas servers . ” ( emphasis is mine . )
Note the overseas servers is an extension of current policy ; it is already illegal to host RC ( restricted content ) on an Australian server , filtering being the new part .
The Australian Parliament next sits on February 2 , 2010 .
Even if the legislation were presented to the House of Representatives on February 2 ( and there is no indication at this stage that it will be , ) the legislation must pass the Senate ( which is n’t assured ) and eventually return for a third reading in the House of Representatives before it passes .
Given the contentious nature of the legislation , it would be fair to presume that there will be proposed amendments and / or strong opposition in the Senate for the bill .
Even if it passes the Senate quickly , by the time it is passed and gains royal assent , at the very earliest the bill would be law in late February 2010 , for implementation in late February 2011 .
The next Australian election must be held no later than the April 16 , 2011 .
But likewise , although Governments can hold out to the last minute , very few in Australia have .
The first meeting of the House of Representatives of the 42nd Parliament occurred on 12 February 2008 , and therefore expires on 11 February 2011 .
If the current Prime Minister follows his Labor predecessors , the election will likely be in March , not April .
Notably writs for the next election must be issued no later than 21 February 2011 .
Under the unlikely scenario that the bill passes in February 2010 , internet censorship would come into law in Australia in February 2011 , which even if the election had n’t been formally called , would none the less fall a week or two before the formal campaign ( and the unofficial campaign would be in full swing . )
There ’s no way in hell that Rudd will risk implementing internet censorship in the middle of an election campaign , because it risks distracting from the Government message .
It could easily become a wedge point against the Government , particularly when voters start asking why their internet connections have magically become slower all of a sudden .
More likely is that Senator Conroy is looking for the legislation to pass before Winter recess , with implementation a couple of months clear of the election , which if opinion polls are to be believed , will return the Labor Government .
What should be noted is the bizarre implementation of a 12 month clause ; while not unprecedented , there is no requirement under Australian law for a 12 month implementation of new legislation .
Indeed , Australian Governments in the past have managed to pass retrospective legislation .
Conroy may argue that 12 months is fair game for the ISP ’s to get their filters ready , but likewise if we are to believe the filtering report , the implementation is n’t that hard , it ’s 100 % perfect and easy ( apparently ) , and if they were serious the date would be July 1 ( a traditional implementation date for many new Australian Government laws . )
It ’s the height of cynicism that the Australian Government , seeking to implement draconian internet censorship in Australia , would be so afraid of what the reaction might be they ’d delay it until after the next election .
Weasels of the first degree .
A full copy of the letter below , the 12 month clause third last paragraph , page 2 ( letter via insertthehandle on Reddit )
conroy letter –
However , exactly 10 years ago today , as the date change moved on through the Far East , India , Russia , the Middle East and Europe , it became apparent that it made little difference whether you lived in Britain , which at great expense had revamped many of its computer systems , or the lackadaisical Ukraine , which had ignored the issue .
With minor glitches that would have gone unnoticed any other day of the week , the world kept ticking on .
It must have been galling for computer - conscientious Germans to observe how life continued its pleasurable path for feckless Italians , who had generally paid no attention to Y2 K .
There were problems , to be sure : in Australia , a bus - ticket machine stamped the wrong date , while in Britain a tide gauge in Portsmouth Harbor failed .
Still , the South Korean phone system came through unscathed .
By the time midnight reached the United States , where upward of $ 100 billion had been spent on Y2 K fixes , there was little anxiety .
Indeed , the general health of American information systems , fixed and not , became clearer in the new year .
The Small Business Administration calculated that 1.5 million businesses had undertaken no Y2 K remediation .
On Jan. 3 , it received about 40 phone calls from businesses that had experienced minor faults , like cash registers that misread the year “ 2000 ” as “ 1900 ” ( which seemed everywhere the single most common error caused by Y2K ) .
KNOWING our computers is difficult enough .
Harder still is to know ourselves , including our inner demons .
From today ’s perspective , the Y2 K fiasco seems to be less about technology than about a morbid fascination with end - of - the - world scenarios .
This ought to strike us as strange .
The cold war was fading in 1999 , we were witnessing a worldwide growth in wealth and standards of living , and Islamic terrorism was not yet seen as a serious global threat .
It should have been a year of golden weather , a time for the human race to relax and look toward a brighter , more peaceful future .
Instead , with computers as a flimsy pretext , many seemed to take pleasure in frightening themselves to death over a coming calamity .
No doubt part of the blame must go to those consultants who took businesses and governments for an expensive ride in the lead - up to New Year ’s Day .
But doom - laden exaggerations about Y2 K fell on ears that were all - too receptive .
The Y2 K fiasco was about more than simple prudence .
Religions from Zoroastrianism to Judaism to Christianity to U.F.O. cults have been built around notions of sin and the world ’s end .
The Y2 K threat resonated with those ideas .
Human beings have constructed an enormous , wasteful , unnatural civilization , filled with sin  or , worse in some minds , pollution and environmental waste .
Suppose it turned out that a couple of zeros inadvertently left off old computer codes brought crashing down the very civilization computers helped to create .
Cosmic justice !
The theme of our fancy inventions ultimately destroying us has been a favorite in fiction at least since Mary Shelley ’s “ Frankenstein . ”
We can place alongside this a continuous succession of spectacular films built on visions of the end of the world .
Such end - time fantasies must have a profound , persistent appeal in order to keep drawing wide - eyed crowds into movie theaters , as historically they have drawn crowds into churches , year after year .
From my mailbox , this notice from the NYSBA :
For further information , please contact Colleen A. Roche 646-229-8471
New York State Bar Association Responds to Concerns Regarding
Annual Meeting Panel Presentation by the Committee of Women in the Law
The New York State Bar Association has received concerns regarding a panel discussion organized by the Committee on Women in the Law to be featured during our 2010 Annual Meeting ( Their Point of View : Tips from the Other Side , Tuesday , January 26 , 2010 at 11:00 a.m. )
Unfortunately , the important objectives of this panel have been overshadowed by issues raised as to the topic description and the composition of the panel .
We have therefore responded by modifying the presentation as follows :
Sharing Their Points of View : Tips from Both Sides
A distinguished panel of attorneys , comprising women and men , will engage in a dialogue about the challenges faced by women in the workplace in the areas of communication , negotiation , mediation , arbitration , organization and management of work , as well as the role of mentoring .
The panel will give specific skill building advice for women to consider in order to strengthen their practice in the above - mentioned areas .
I find the passivity of the NYSBA statement ( “ important objectives … have been overshadowed by issues raised ” ) a bit odd .
Nevertheless , the panel description , as revised , is a whole lot better than a “ distinguished panel of gentlemen from the legal field will discuss the strengths and weaknesses of women in the areas of communication , negotiation , mediation , arbitration , organization and women ’s overall management of their legal work . ”
I therefore rescind my call for a proposed boycott .
- Bridget Crawford
The Following 16 Users Say Thank You to fionbio For This Useful Post :
LONDON — Russia , the world 's top oil producer , is set to make deep inroads into Asian energy markets at the expense of Mideast rivals thanks to a new pipeline that pumps crude from the oilfields of Siberia to a new terminal on the Pacific Ocean .
The pipeline , a pet project of prime minister Vladimir Putin , is key to Russia 's efforts to diversify its export routes away from Europe and tap growing energy demand in Asia .
It is also important to countries such as China that want to reduce their dependence on Middle East oil .
Mr. Putin inaugurated the first stage of the $ 12 billion East Siberia - Pacific Ocean pipeline , or ESPO , last month .
The crude it carries , also referred to as ESPO , is already proving a hit with Asian customers .
ESPO " will likely displace some similar quality Middle East crudes , " the International Energy Agency said in its monthly oil market report Friday .
Officials sign a branch of the new oil pipeline in Russia 's Far East .
ITAR - TASS
ESPO heralds an " important step change in world crude markets , " JP Morgan oil analyst Lawrence Eagles wrote in a research note Friday .
" It provides Russia with the infrastructure necessary to act as a swing producer between Western and Eastern markets . "
In recent years , as relations between Russia and Europe deteriorated , Russia has repeatedly threatened to divert its energy exports to Asia .
But with nearly all its oil and gas pipelines flowing east to west , the threat has rung hollow .
That is now changing .
" Europe will now have to compete with Asia for Russian crude , " said Dianne Munro , a senior oil - market analyst with the IEA .
ESPO crude 's advantage over competing blends is its proximity to the oil refineries of northeastern Asia .
The new $ 2 billion terminal , at the Pacific coast port of Kozmino , is five days ' sailing time from markets in China , South Korea and Japan .
Producers in the Middle East , Africa and Latin America face journeys of at least two weeks .
The launch of ESPO , which will be fed by a new generation of oilfields being developed in the wilderness of Eastern Siberia , comes amid surging oil demand from China .
China 's imports of crude topped 5 million barrels a day last month , a record high .
In contrast , demand in Europe has fallen by 1 million barrels a day over the last three years .
Analysts say ESPO could significantly change the dynamics of Russian oil exports .
The IEA said Russian loading schedules show crude exports are already being rerouted from ports on the Baltic and Black Seas towards the east .
Tighter Russian supplies to European markets could push up the price of Urals , Russia 's main export blend , which traditionally trades at a discount to other benchmarks like Brent .
That could mean tough times ahead for European refiners .
The Russian government has sought to facilitate the shift eastward by subsidizing exports via the ESPO .
It has suspended the export tax on crude moving through the new pipeline from fields in Eastern Siberia , and has set a preferential transport tariff for ESPO crude that is well below the actual cost of transportation .
The state - owned pipeline monopoly , Transneft , will cover the subsidy by charging oil companies more to ship their crude to western destinations .
With a capacity of 600,000 barrels a day , ESPO runs from Taishet in Siberia to Skovorodino near Russia 's border with northern China .
From there , crude is shipped by rail to Kozmino , where it is loaded onto tankers .
A 300,000 barrel - a- day spur from Skovorodino to Daqing in China will be completed next year .
By 2014 , the ESPO is expected to be extended all the way to Kozmino , at an additional cost of $ 10 billion .
Write to Guy Chazan at guy.chazan@wsj.com
Virginia Tech Attempts Back Door Gun Ban with Ammunition Ban on Campus
Resolution would also ban harmless Airsoft and Paintball gun ammunition in the name of student safety .
Virginia Tech , VA – -( AmmoLand.com ) -
On Monday , February 1 , 2010 the Virginia Tech University Council will have their first reading of a resolution that would effectively Ban Ammunition , including Paintball and Airsoft , on campus and in dormitories .
Being the president of Students for Concealed Carry on Campus at Virginia Tech and a member of the Pistol and Rifle Club , I recognize how the passage of this resolution could negatively affect members of these organizations .
It will also greatly affect those of you in the Airsoft Club , Paintball Club , Clay Target Team , and others .
As such , I want to give you some background on the resolution and ask for your help in seeing that it does not pass .
I have attached a copy of the resolution :
Resolutions for Changes to the Hokie Handbook ( www.hokiehandbook.vt.edu)
First Reading by Commission on Student Affairs : November 19 , 2009
Second Reading by Commission on Student Affairs : December 3 , 2009
Approved by Commission on Student Affairs : December 3 , 2009
First Reading by University Council : February 1 , 2010
Second Reading by University Council :
Approved by University Council :
Approved by the President :
Approved by Board of Visitors :
Effective Date : Commission on Student Affairs Resolution CSA 2009 - 2010C
Weapons Policy for Student Code of Conduct Whereas , the University Student Conduct System is an educational tool with two main objectives : to hold students accountable for unacceptable behavior , and to modify those behaviors deemed unacceptable by the university , and
Whereas , the University Student Conduct System strives to address unacceptable behavior in a manner that informs students and guides them toward a greater sense of personal responsibility , and more mature and ethical standards , and
Whereas , current policy ( contained in the Hokie Handbook ) already states that unauthorized storage , possession , and / or use of weapons is prohibited on university property , and
Whereas , the University is committed to policies and procedures that address campus safety and security , and
Whereas , the University would like to convey to students that since weapons are not allowed in on campus residential facilities that ammunition should also be prohibited , therefore let it be Resolved , that Policy # 8300 , Student Code of Conduct – Weapons be amended as follows : Student Code of Conduct – Weapons Unauthorized possession , storage , or control of firearms , weapons , on university property , including storing weapons in vehicles on campus as well as in the residence halls .
Furthermore , ammunition can not be stored in any residence halls on campus .
( Note : organizational weapons of the Virginia Tech Corps of Cadets , approved by the commandant , are not prohibited by this policy . )
Weapons Firearms are defined as any gun , rifle , pistol , or handgun designed to fire any projectile including but not limited to bullets , BBs , pellets , or shots ( including paint balls ) , regardless of the propellant used .
Ammunition is defined as any material intended for use in a firearm , capable of being projected by a weapon and / or makes the weapon operational .
Other weapons are defined as any instrument of combat or any object not designed as an instrument of combat but carried for the purpose of inflicting or threatening bodily injury .
Examples include but are not limited to knives with fixed blades or pocket knives with blades longer than 4 inches , razors , metal knuckles , blackjacks , hatchets , bows and arrows , nun chukkas , foils , stun weapons , or any explosive or incendiary device .
Possession of realistic replicas of weapons on campus is prohibited .
Stun weapon is defined as any device that emits a momentary or pulsed output , which is electrical , audible , optical or electromagnetic in nature and which is designed to temporarily incapacitate a person .
Students who store weapons in residence hall rooms , who brandish weapons , or who use a weapon in a reckless manner may face disciplinary action , which may include suspension or dismissal from the university .
Students who store ammunition in the residence halls will face disciplinary action .
Exceptions to possessing weapons may be made in the case of university functions or activities and for educational exhibitions or displays .
Exceptions must be approved by the Vice President for Administrative Services , in consultation with appropriate university offices .
This policy does not prohibit the possession of firearms by persons , such as law enforcement officers , who are authorized by law to do so in the performance of their duties .
A weapons storage program is available .
The storage program applies to the weapon and ammunition .
Ammunition that will not be stored includes Paintballs , BB ’s , Air Soft projectiles , Nerf gun projectiles , and CO2 Cartridges .
Interested persons should contact the Virginia Tech Police ( Sterrett Facilities Complex , 231-6411 . )
I want to point out a few key things :
Ammunition ( including bullets , BBs , airsoft pellets , and paintball ) would now fall under the definition of a weapon , the possession of which on campus and in dorms would be punishable ( up to dismissal or suspension from VT )
The VT Police Department will begin storing CERTAIN types of ammunition ( NOT airsoft or paintball ) on a first come , first serve basis .
There is absolutely NO indication of how much ammunition they will be able to accommodate .
Myself , Ken Stanton ( VP of Students for Concealed Carry on Campus at VT ) , and Ethan Reed ( Secretary of Pistol & Rifle Club ) were present at the last meeting in which this resolution was discussed ( the Commission on Student Affairs meeting ) .
Mrs. Frances Keene , the author of this resolution , cites “ safety issues ” ( ie explosions of ammunition during a fire ) as her main reason for concern .
Despite Ethan citing opposing research on the issue of safety , many members of the commission chose to simply trust Mrs. Keene on the issue , mentioning perceived fears as their reason for wanting to pass the resolution .
Further , these safety issues do not explain the reasoning behind also banning paintballs and airsoft pellets .
After discussing the safety issues and concerns about how much ammunition the VTPD would or would not be able to store , several members of the commission raised concerns about not having enough information to make an informed vote on the issue .
A motion was made to resume discussion and invite representatives who were more knowledgeable on all sides of the issue , but this motion was struck down .
With “ encouragement ” from a few key members of the commission , a hasty vote was made , and the resolution passed .
I am a member of the University Council where the resolution will be heard on Monday , and I am more than willing to speak to this issue .
However , I can not do this alone .
We need to make the council aware that there is credible research showing that safety is not an issue in ammunition storage on campus .
We also need to show them exactly who this ammunition ban would affect ( ie you and / or your group ’s members who live on campus ) .
The council meets in Pamplin 1045 from 3 - 5 pm on February 1 ; this resolution is one of the first things on the agenda for the meeting , so please be prompt .
Feel free to email me with any questions or comments .
Thank you ,
S. Alyson Boyce
President , Students for Concealed Carry on Campus at Virginia Tech
About :
SCCC at Virginia Tech ( SCCC at VT ) is a local chapter of the national organization , Students for Concealed Carry on Campus ( SCCC ) , founded to organize locally and to address issues specific to the university and the state of Virginia .
Membership is currently based off of the Facebook group , with over 200 members .
Half of sexual abuse survivors wait up to five years before disclosing they were victimized , according to a collaborative study from the Université de Montréal , the Université du Québec à Montréal and the Université de Sherbrooke published in The Canadian Journal of Psychiatry .
" The number of victims who never reveal their secret or who wait many years to do so is very high , " says co-author Mireille Cyr , a psychology professor of the Université de Montréal .
" This is regrettable because the longer they wait to reveal the abuse , the harder and more enduring the consequences will be . "
The research team surveyed 800 Quebec men and women and found 25 percent of respondents never divulged being sexually abused as children .
The scientists also found a sharp contrast between genders : 16 percent of women remain quiet about abuse , while 34 percent of men never share their secret .
The investigation found that 22 percent of women and 10 percent of men reported beings survivors of abuse , which ranged from molestation to rape , which is comparable to the findings of previous studies on the topic .
The psychological distress of victims includes anxiety , depression , troubles concentrating and irritability .
Certain victims suffer from post - traumatic stress disorder , some relive the abuse psychologically while others have dulled emotions or become hyper-vigilant .
The data suggests that victims are more likely to denounce their abuser when he or she is a stranger .
Unfortunately , in most cases , serious abuse such as rape is committed by friends or family members .
This is true in 85 percent of cases for female victims and 89 percent for male victims .
Professor Isabelle Daigneault , of the Université de Montréal Department of Psychology , conducted a separate study correlating the likelihood of young victims to become adult victims of sexual or physical abuse .
Published in The International Journal of Child Abuse & Neglect , her sample examined 9,170 women and 7,823 men throughout Canada .
Her conclusions are startling : female survivors of childhood sexual abuse are three to four times likely to be victims of physical or sexual abuse as adults .
" It 's the first time that we combine data on sexual abuse during childhood and eventual relationship problems , " says Daigneault .
Male survivors of childhood sexual abuse are three times more likely to be victims of physical abuse as men .
However , too few men reported sexual abuse as adults to establish a statistically significant correlation .
Eric Baker , Steve McKinstry / The Oregonian
By DON COLBURN
Surgeons plan to drill eight titanium dental implants into Chrissy Steltz 's disfigured face next month – none of them in her mouth .
They will be sunk half an inch into her eye sockets and cheekbones as " footings " for a prosthesis that Steltz hopes will allow her to face the world again without a black nylon mask .
It 's the second major step in a year - long effort to rebuild Steltz 's face , much of which was destroyed by an accidental shotgun blast nearly 11 years ago .
She was 16 at the time , partying with other unsupervised teenagers at her boyfriend 's apartment in Southeast Portland .
The blast blinded her and blew away her nose and cheeks from her forehead to her upper jaw .
" Most of face gone , " is the short answer under " reason for admission " on her voluminous medical chart , starting when she was rushed to
on March 21 , 1999 .
Step 1 in the new effort to restore Steltz 's face was a three - and - a - half hour surgery on Sept. 30 .
A team led by
, a Portland head - and - neck surgeon , cut a large nasal opening in the " paddle " of grafted skin covering the middle of her face .
Step 2 , scheduled Feb. 9 at Legacy Emanuel , involves setting the eight screw - like implants , two around each eye socket and two along each cheekbone .
Eventually , a silicone prosthesis designed to match Steltz 's original face and skin tone , with hand - painted plastic eyeballs and an artificial nose , will snap onto the implants , held in place by magnets .
That final step wo n't happen until summer .
The implants take four to six months to fuse solidly with the bone .
" What we want is like rebar and concrete , " said Larry Over , a Eugene dentist and
who will design and build the new face mask .
He saw Steltz first in 1999 , months after the shooting , but she was not medically or emotionally ready for such an elaborate reconstruction .
A decade later , Over says she has grown up impressively .
" I saw a big change , " he said .
" She 's much more mature , much more responsible . "
Steltz lives in Milwaukie with her boyfriend of seven years , Geoffrey Dilger , who also is blind , and their 6 - month - old son , Geoffrey Jr .
Dierks and Over have collaborated on other complex facial reconstructions – usually in cases of trauma or cancer of the mouth , jaw or eye .
But Steltz 's is their biggest .
The sideways shotgun blast entered just below her right eye and exited her left temple – only grazing her brain even as it ruined her eyes and mid-face .
Archive
Her prosthesis must cover both eyes , as well as the nose and both cheeks .
" The size is what makes it a huge challenge , " Over said .
" So much of her face is missing .
" We can't give Chrissy her sight back , " he said .
" But we can help get enough of her face back so that she can go out in public without people , you know , staring at her . "
Designing and sculpting a facial prosthesis is dicey .
It must be lightweight ( about 4 ounces ) , snug and aesthetic , matching the original as closely as possible .
It has to be sturdy enough to last for years .
It must be easy to take off and clean – and yet secure enough to stay on even if , say , Steltz sneezes violently or stumbles .
To help make the prosthesis as realistic as possible , Over will study photos of Steltz taken before the accident .
Breathing improves
It is not clear how much of the cost will be covered by insurance .
Most insurers , including the
, cover reconstructive surgery for functional purposes , but not cosmetic .
In a case such as Steltz 's , the distinction blurs .
Her doctors say they will absorb the cost of what is not covered by insurance , and the manufacturer is donating the dental implants , which cost about $ 2,100 each .
During the September surgery , before cutting a new nasal opening where Steltz 's nose used to be , Dierks removed the remains of her right eye and trimmed scar tissue and bone .
He also took out some " hardware , " metal plates and bits of wire left over from her original trauma operations .
Surgeons had used a section of fibula , the slender shin bone , and metal plates to replace her shattered cheekbones and upper jaw .
Steltz still lacks a nose and sense of smell , but she can breathe nasally for the first time in more than 10 years .
She also sleeps more soundly and speaks without a nasal tone .
" We 're just exactly where I hoped we would be , " Dierks said after examining Steltz last month .
" I 'm very pleased .
The next big thing will be to go in and place the dental implants . "
But to do that , he needs to know exactly where they should go .
Time for a fitting
In the center of a brightly lit examining room with three Norman Rockwell paintings on the walls , Steltz sits in a gray dental recliner , her cane folded on her lap .
Her boyfriend sits by the window .
They 've come to Eugene so that Over can check Steltz 's facial scars and contours and make a plaster impression of her face .
The " map " will guide Dierks in targeting the implants , and Over in sculpting her prosthesis .
Over repositions Steltz so that she is seated directly across from him at a small table .
She removes her black sleep shade , revealing her scarred face , with its vacant eye sockets and the surgically cut nose hole .
He asks her to lean forward into the light she can't see .
" Let 's take a look here , " Over says , holding her face in his hands , a thumb on each cheekbone .
" Smile for me real big . "
She smiles , her intact mouth and lips doing most of the work .
" Relax .
Smile again . "
He marvels at the improved symmetry of her face since her September surgery .
" OK , give me a big squint . "
Because she can't see the wooden stylus tipped in indelible ink in his hand , he warns Steltz that he is about to draw dotted lines in ink on her cheeks , outlining where the edge of the prosthesis will meet her own skin , from just above the eyes to her upper lip .
He studies her again , then marks eight spots , in purple , on her eye sockets and cheeks .
The ink will stain the plaster impression .
As Steltz leans back in the recliner , Over dabs wet gauze into her eye sockets and nose hole and fits a wall of red tape around her face to contain the impression .
Twelve scoops of goopy plaster cover her face like a scuba mask .
It hardens in a few minutes , and Over taps it and gently wiggles it off .
The plaster mold shows eight purple marks for the implants –a surgical map for Dierks .
Steltz puts her black sleep shade back on and rejoins her family in the waiting room , where baby Geoffrey is asleep in Dilger 's father 's arms .
Everyone is upbeat .
" One more step , " she says , " toward all this being done . "
--
Couple of days ago one of our readers , Ric , submitted a suspicious PDF document to us .
As you know , malicious PDF documents are not rare these days , especially when the exploit for a yet unpatched vulnerability is wide spread .
Quick analysis of the document confirmed that it is exploiting this vulnerability ( CVE - 2009 - 4324 – the doc.media.newPlayer vulnerability ) .
This can be easily seen in the included JavaScript in the PDF document , despite horrible detection ( only 6 out of 40 AV vendors detected this when I initially submitted it here ) .
After extracting the included JavaScript code , the shellcode that it uses looked quite a bit different than what we can usually see in such exploits : this shellcode was only 38 bytes long !
Initially I even thought that it does not work , but after studying it a little bit , I found that this particular PDF document has some very interesting , sophisticated characteristics .
The exploit for this vulnerability is similar to most other exploits : it uses heap spraying in order to redirect the execution to shellcode .
The NOP sled in this case actually consists of SBB AL,0x1C and SBB AL,0x0C instructions which do nothing ( SBB is Subtract with borrow , from the register AL , so it keeps subtracting two values until it reaches the shellcode ) .
The 38 bytes shellcode can be seen below :
Now comes the interesting part .
This is an egg - hunting shellcode : it starts at the memory address ( ( 0x02020200 OR 0xFF ) + 0x01 ) = 0x02020300 ) and compares content of every 4 bytes with 0x58905090 .
You can see that initially the attacker moves 0x5890508 F into the EAX register , which then gets increased by one – this was probably done to evade detection .
This pattern ( 0x58905090 ) corresponds to instructions POP EAX , NOP , PUSH EAX , NOP .
Now , once this pattern has been identified in memory , the egg - hunting shellcode passes execution to this , second stage shellcode .
What is interesting about this approach is that the second stage shellcode is included as a different object in the PDF document .
While the object is marked as a color object and its contents are inflated , it looks as if it is corrupted : it does not contain any inflated streams .
You can see the object and the deflation error printed by pdf-parser , an excellent tool by Didier Stevens whom I wish to thank for useful discussion while I was analyzing this malicious PDF document :
$ pdf-parser.py -- object 3 --raw -- filter Requset.pdf
obj 3 0
Type :
Referencing :
Contains stream
<</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace/DeviceRGB / Filter/FlateDecode/ Height 90 / Length 13136/Subtype/Image /Width 60 >>
<<
/ BitsPerComponent 8
/ ColorSpace / DeviceRGB
/ Filter / FlateDecode
/ Height 90
/ Length 13136
/ Subtype / Image
/ Width 60
>>
FlateDecode decompress failed
The fact that the decompression fails does not matter – Adobe Reader will open the whole document ( mmap it ) into memory , including this " corrupted " object so the first stage shellcode will be able to find it and pass execution to it !
The advantage for the attacker is obvious : first , he can modify this object ( what the exploit actually does ) without having to modify the first stage shellcode .
Additionally , this will make automatic analysis impossible for any tool that will use a JavaScript interpreter on the included JavaScript code ( such as Wepawet ) – the first phase shellcode will work only if the document is loaded in the memory .
Sneaky , but that was not all !
The second stage shellcode does something interesting as well .
It parses the document name from the command line arguments and opens the PDF document directly .
The reason for this is that the PDF document carries two embedded binaries !
The first binary ( SUCHOST.EXE , b0eeca383a7477ee689ec807b775ebbb ) contains a PoisonIvy client which tries to connect to the host cecon.
flower - show.org which was down when I analyzed the document .
Luckily , this binary has a bit better ( but still not good , some major AV vendors missing it ! ) detection on VT ( here ) .
This binary is embedded in the PDF document – we can see it at offset 0x0e65c :
$ hexdump - C -v ../Requset.pdf |less
00000000 25 50 44 46 2d 31 2e 36 0d 25 e2 e3 cf d3 0d 0a | %PDF - 1.6 .%......|
00000010 32 34 20 30 20 6 f 62 6a 0d 3c 3 c 2f 4c 69 6e 65 | 24 0 obj.<</ Line|
00000020 61 72 69 7a 65 64 20 31 2f 4 c 20 39 34 37 32 33 |arized 1/L 94723|
00000030 32 2f 4f 20 32 36 2f 45 20 31 37 38 31 2f 4e 20 |2/O 26/E 1781/N |
...
0000e650 b4 b4 b3 88 8f a0 a0 c0 ca c3 88 8 f c8 df 00 00 |................|
0000e660 84 00 00 00 87 00 00 00 7a 7a 00 00 c5 00 00 00 |........zz......|
0000e670 00 00 00 00 c5 00 00 00 00 84 00 00 8 b 9a 31 8c |..............1.|
The binary is XORed with value of 0x85 so the first two highlighted bytes are actually MZ , which is where the executable starts .
The second binary ( temp.exe , 980e40 cacbc9f898bc08cb453 fa2d6 bb ) was even more surprising .
This binary drops a benign PDF document on the machine , called baby.pdf .
This PDF document is then opened with Adobe Reader – it just shows a table and , according to the metadata in the document , has been built from an Excel document .
This was done by the attackers to make the victim believe as if nothing happened , because the original exploit will crash Adobe Reader and this might make the victim suspicious about what happened .
Additionally , the PDF document contains everything it needs to fully exploit the victim 's machine – it does not have to download anything off the net .
Lessons learned
Not only was this a very interesting example of a malicious PDF document carrying a sophisticated " war head " , but it also showed the length attackers are willing to go to in order to make their malware as hard to detect as possible , not only for the AV vendors , but also for victims .
Since this exploit has not been patched yet , I would like to urge you all to , at least , disable JavaScript in your Adobe Reader applications .
We are getting more reports about PDF documents exploiting this vulnerability , and it certainly appears that the attackers are willing to customize them to get as many victims to open them as possible .
Also keep in mind that such malicious PDF documents can go to a great length when used in targeted attacks – the fake PDF that gets opened can easily fool any user into thinking it was just a mistakenly sent document .
If we are to judge the new year by sophistication the attackers started using , it does not look too good .
--
Bojan
INFIGO IS
We 've argued that the leading health industry CEOs will one day be exposed as the most short - sighted business leaders in history , but how to explain the gala fundraiser that their top lobbyists hosted for Martha Coakley last night ?
Amid a Beltway panic , the health lobby is riding to the rescue of the Massachusetts liberal , whose defeat in the special Senate race next Tuesday could deny Democrats the 60th vote for ObamaCare and thus maybe spare the U.S. health system from the coming damage .
As ...
I was a bank robber , the first Halloween I can remember .
That involved carrying a burlap bag filled with stacks of newsprint " loot " over my shoulder , wearing a black turtleneck sweater like Illya Kuryakin wore in The Man from U.N.C.L.E. , and — most memorably — sliding one of my grandmother 's worn out silk stockings over my head .
That memory ( the last part , in particular ) is etched upon my mind .
And , my therapist says , no amount of counseling is ever likely to erase it .
Silk stockings are of course as long gone as my dear grandmother ; truly sad to say , in both cases .
But here are 20 creative ways to repurpose today 's worn out nylon pantyhose , even if you 're not planning to rob a bank .
1. Gift wrap storage
Keep rolls of gift paper neat and tatter - free by storing them in old pantyhose — one roll per leg — and hanging them in the closet .
2. Green Cheapskate soap on a rope
Put bath soap slivers in the foot of a pair of pantyhose to get every last bit of suds out of them in the shower .
Rub - a - dub - dub , there 's a cheapskate in my tub .
( See more " Recycling Oddities . " )
3. Plant ties
Use lengths of pantyhose to stake up tomatoes and other plants in the garden ; because of its elasticity , it 's easier on tender plants than string .
4. Mold and mildew stoppers
Partially fill pantyhose with kitty litter and place in shoes , luggage , closets , dressers , etc. to absorb moisture and reduce mold and mildew .
5 . Panty - pantry storage
Store onions , potatoes and garlic in pantyhose and hang them in the pantry to promote good air circulation and keep them from rotting .
6 . Sweet smelling sachets
Fill lengths of pantyhose with potpourri , tie off at both ends , and use to keep closets and dressers smelling sweat .
They also work well when filled with cedar shavings or moth - repelling herbs to prevent damage to clothing in storage .
7. Pillow stuffing
Cut pantyhose into strips and use to stuff throw pillows or toys .
8. Repair torn pair in a pinch
If she has a run in the left leg and a matching pair with a run in the right , my wife sometimes cuts off her bad legs ( so to speak ) and doubles up , wearing two layers of panties with a good leg attached to each .
( God I love that frugal woman . )
9 . Packing peanut storage
Store menacing foam packing peanuts in a pair of pantyhose to keep them from invading the house until you 're ready to reuse them .
Cut a hole in the toe and tie it off with a twisty seal for easy peanut dispensing .
10 . Homemade bungee cords
The elasticity of pantyhose make them perfect all - purpose tie down straps , or tie a metal " S " hook from the hardware store on each end for a homemade Bungee cord .
11 . Lint mitt
Use like a mitten to remove lint and pet hair from clothing and upholstery rather than a lint brush .
The mitt will also remove deodorant residue from clothing .
12 . Scratch - less scrubbers
Try pantyhose to scrub tile and other surfaces where you 're afraid of scratches .
Also good for applying polishes to silver , brass , gold and other easily scratched metals .
13 . Protect prized veggies
Put pantyhose over vegetables like squash and melons while they 're still growing in the garden to protect against pest damage without using chemical pesticides .
Is that a zucchini in your pantyhose , or are you just happy to see me ?
14 . Flower bulb storage
Store seasonal bulbs in pantyhose and hang them up in a dry place to promote good air circulation .
15 .
Shoe shine buffer
Old pantyhose are perfect for putting the spit - shine on shoes .
16 . Wear them outdoors
Guys , do n't be shy about sporting a pair of worn out pantyhose next time you go camping or work in the yard .
Real outdoorsmen ( and outdoorswomen ) have known for years that they prevent chigger and other insect bites and minimize foot blister .
17 . Draft dodgers
Partially fill pantyhose with kitty litter to seal off cold drafts from under doors and windows .
18 . Fishing trick
When I was n't wearing my Granny 's worn out stockings over my head , my Gramps was using them to catch catfish .
He 'd wrap a piece of chicken liver bait in a section of nylon stocking to keep it on the hook ; the fish would still bite , and he'd still have his bait .
19 . Paint / stain / plaster applicator
Use pantyhose to add interesting texture and designs when applying and / or finishing paint and plaster .
20 . Special photo effects
Stretch pantyhose over your camera lens to give photos a muted or starburst effect .
( NOTE :
It 's best to have her take them off before you try this . )
Many household disinfectants promise to kill 99.9 percent of germs , but some of us might be cleaning too swiftly to let them do their job .
By
Anyone feeling extra geeky today ?
Well you should .
Today 's date , when written in a six digit format ( MMDDYY ) , is a binary style number .
Updated .
Advertisement
Writes reader Eric , who tipped us off about the date earlier this morning :
It just occurred to me that today 's six digit date format ( MMDDYY or YYMMDD ) is in binary style .
Thought this was interesting and wanted to share it with the Gizmodo team .
From what I can tell , this looks like it will be the only year it happens and will happen four times ( January 1st and 10th and October 1st and 10th ) .
Advertisement
As Heidegger makes clear from the untitled , opening page with which Being and Time begins , what is at stake in the book is the question of being .
This is the question that Aristotle raised in an untitled manuscript written 2500 years ago , but which became known at a later date as the Metaphysics .
For Aristotle , there is a science that investigates what he calls " being as such " , without regard to any specific realms of being , eg the being of living things ( biology ) or the being of the natural world ( physics ) .
Metaphysics is the area of inquiry that Aristotle himself calls " first philosophy " and which comes before anything else .
It is the most abstract , universal and indefinable area of philosophy .
But it is also the most fundamental .
With admirable arrogance , it is the question of being that Heidegger sets himself the task of inquiring into in Being and Time .
He begins with a series of rhetorical questions :
Do we have an answer to the question of the meaning of being ?
Not at all , he answers .
But do we even experience any perplexity about this question ?
Not at all , Heidegger repeats .
Therefore , the first and most important task of Heidegger 's book is to recover our perplexity for this question of questions : Hamlet 's " To be or not to be ? "
For Heidegger , what defines the human being is this capacity to be perplexed by the deepest and most enigmatic of questions :
Why is there something rather than nothing ?
So , the task of Being and Time is reawakening in us a taste for perplexity , a taste for questioning .
Questioning – Heidegger will opine much later in his career – is the piety of thinking .
The first line of the text proper of Being and Time is , " We are ourselves the entities to be analysed " .
This is the key to the crucial concept of mineness ( Jemeinigkeit ) , with which the book begins : if I am the being for whom being is a question – " to be or not to be " – then the question of being is mine to be , one way or another .
In what , then , does the being of being human consist ?
Heidegger 's answer is existence ( Existenz ) .
Therefore , the question of being is to be accessed by way of what Heidegger calls " an existential analytic " .
But what sort of thing is human existence ?
It is obviously defined by time : we are creatures with a past , who move through a present and who have available to them a series of possibilities , what Heidegger calls " ways to be " .
Heidegger 's point here is wonderfully simple : the human being is not definable by a " what " , like a table or a chair , but by a " who " that is shaped by existence in time .
What it means to be human is to exists with a certain past , a personal and cultural history , and by an open series of possibilities that I can seize hold of or not .
This brings us to a very important point : if the being of being human is defined by mineness , then my being is not a matter of indifference to me .
A table or chair cannot recite Hamlet 's soliloquy or undergo the experience of self - questioning and self - doubt that such words express .
But we can .
This is the kernel of Heidegger 's idea of authenticity ( Eigentlichkeit ) , which more accurately expresses what is proper to the human being , what is its own .
For Heidegger , there are two dominant modes of being human : authenticity and inauthenticity .
Furthermore , we have a choice to make between these two modes : the choice is whether to be oneself or not to be oneself , to be author of oneself and self - authorising or not .
Heidegger insists , as he will do throughout Being and Time , that inauthenticity does not signify a lower or lesser being , but many readers have had reason to doubt such assurances .
Theodor Adorno , famously critical of Heidegger , asks : does n't authenticity end up being a jargon that we are better off without ?
Let 's just say that the point is moot .
Regardless of the twin modes of authenticity and inauthenticity , Heidegger insists early in Being and Time that the human being must first be presented in its indifferent character , prior to any choice to be authentic or not .
In words that soon become a mantra in the book , Heidegger seeks to describe the human being as it presented " most closely and mostly " ( Zunächst und Zumeist ) .
Note the radical nature of this initial move : philosophy is not some otherworldly speculation as to whether the external world exists or whether the other human - looking creatures around me are really human and not robots or some such .
Rather , philosophy begins with the description – what Heidegger calls " phenomenology " – of human beings in their average everyday existence .
It seeks to derive certain common structures from that everydayness .
But we should note the difficult of the task that Heidegger has set himself .
That which is closest and most obvious to us is fiendishly difficult to describe .
Nothing is closer to me than myself in my average , indifferent everyday existence , but how to describe this ?
Heidegger was fond of quoting St Augustine 's Confessions , when the latter writes , " Assuredly I labour here and I labour within myself ; I have become to myself a land of trouble and inordinate sweat . "
Heidegger indeed means trouble and one often sweats through these pages .
But the moments of revelation are breathtaking in their obviousness .
It is not a perfect situation , the relationship between coyote tobacco and hawkmoths .
Sure , the hawkmoth does a good job of pollinating the plant , Nicotiana attenuata , which grows in the Western United States and flowers at night .
But the hawkmoth has this habit of leaving behind its eggs , which develop into caterpillars that like nothing better than to eat the plant .
So N. attenuata strikes back in a novel way , according to scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Chemical Ecology in Jena , Germany .
As they describe in Current Biology , it shifts the time of its flowering to mornings and attracts a different pollinator , a hummingbird .
“ Nobody had actually noticed this before , ” said Ian T. Baldwin , director of the institute and senior author of the Current Biology paper .
He said Danny Kessler , the lead author , was taking photographs one day of a plant that happened to be attacked by caterpillars .
“ Out of the blue , the flowers opened in the morning , ” he said .
Munching caterpillars produce oral secretions that “ activate a whole series of defense responses , ” Dr. Baldwin said , including the production of toxins and protease inhibitors that decrease the caterpillars ’ digestive ability .
The change in flowering time , he said , “ is a fourth major group of events that are activated by caterpillar attack . ”
DANIEL :
There seems to have been a halt to the goaltending merry - go - round that was in the Ducks ' crease for most of this season .
Jonas
Hiller now has a strangle - hold on the # 1 job , and Giguere is warming the bench quite admirably while awaiting a now inevitable trade .
Adding to Giguere 's distress has to be the reports in the OC Register that confirm two things :
1 ) Hiller will not sign where he can't be the top guy and 2 ) The Ducks are in contract negotiations with Hiller .
Arthur , with Giguere most likely on the move , but the size of his contract will probably mean that somebody is doing us a bit of a favor by taking him off our hands .
Is it possible to move Giguere without having to " pay " a team to do it ?
ARTHUR :
I think we have to set aside the ' pay ' a team or not ' pay ' a team question and just admit that there are no takers .
If we are to believe Bob Murray , and he is our local representative on all things trade - related , the trade waters are stagnant .
Granted , after he said that , the Capitals pulled off a nice trade for Chimera , but by and large , despite an injury riddled season , NHL teams have turned to their own farm systems and judicious use of the waiver wire rather than make a marquee move .
And if we need to move 6 M , it 's a marquee move .
Now , I could talk about the kind of goaltender Giguere is and why he has inherent value , but the trading block is a market system and no demand means no demand .
There IS no inherent value .
I could point to trade rumors , but for every rumor , there 's vehement denial .
And for every , " I 'm willing to waive my trade clause , " there is n't even a rumor of an offer .
Whatever IS out there , GM's are playing it very close to their chest , and I can't really make an educated guess at this point .
I keep coming back to this as many times as we broach this subject , but there 's an offer on the table from Toronto .
I do n't know why neither side has pulled the trigger , but it 's there , and it may be one of two or maybe three offers at the deadline .
Right now , there 's no reason to believe it wo n't be the best .
To make the money work , they might have to unload something , and they might have to unload it on us -- and that would be ' paying ' to get rid of Jiggy .
But if the market is as dead as Murray thinks it is , then Burke is doing us a favor , and we 're getting off easy on Giguere 's contract .
DANIEL :
I think it 's fair to say that getting rid of Jiggy will be no easy task .
As you 've already pointed out , it 's impossible to get a read on the market .
But worse , the market is about to be saturated with options .
Halak , Price , Turco , Vokoun , Biron , Hedberg , Pavelec and Lehtonen could be moved in various combinations , flooding what little market might have developed .
To answer THIS question as directly as possible , I do n't think the Ducks can move Giguere 's contract without sweetening the deal for whomever takes him off our hands .
Something extra , either a prospect or a pick , will have to be thrown in to get a team to bite on Giguere .
I still believe there 's a very solid starting goalie occupying Jiggy 's pads , I just do n't know who is interested in acquiring that goalie and using him to take a deep ride into the playoffs .
The Hockey News ' Lyle Richardson suggests the Ducks consider a buyout .
Sadly , this might be the best option .
However , if the Ducks have to swallow this cap hit over the next two years , 1.33 and 2.33 respectively , it might greatly limit their ability to make additional off season moves , a serious concern with Bobby Ryan and Jonas Hiller looking at some very impressive raises this summer .
At this point , the Ducks need to take what they can get for Giguere instead of trying to make a good deal .
Let 's face it , losing 6 million off the cap is a HUGE deal .
Finally , as a fan it is sometimes hard to accept the business aspect of these situations .
I will always have fond memories of Giguere and everything he 's done for us , including winning the Cup .
However , moving him is the best move for the organization .
Still , we 'll never forget you , Jiggy , and the wonderful things we saw when you were in the crease .
What will happen to the money supply
The great counterfeit machine : $ 600 billion a year
Optimism , or just gullibility ?
Why America needs to fail before it can succeed
( Natural News )
The US government is running out of money ... again .
So Democrats want to increase the debt limit byof dollars ... again .
The newly requested debt limit increase is a jaw - dropping , which would put the total national debt at $ 14.3 trillion .
These are more than just numbers on pieces of paper .
It 's easy to get lost in the numbers and not realize the significance of what 's happening here , but as I 've explained many times here on NaturalNews ( and on www.CounterThink.com as well ) , what you are watching isNo nation can support endless , increasing debt .
It is a law of economics , much like gravity is a law of physics .
America is testing that law by pushing the boundaries of debt spending with each passing day , but it 's going to find that no nation can fiscally defy gravity for long .
America 's debt spending is spiraling out of controlMuch of this debt spending , as you well know , stems from the poor health of the nation .
The sick - care spending on pharmaceuticals , chemotherapy , unnecessary surgeries , and of course the immense loss of economic productivity due to people prematurely dying from pharmaceuticals and junk foods .
I 've said this a hundred times before , and now even author Michael Pollan is saying it : America cannot sustain its current path of poisoning its people with toxic foods , poisoning them further with pharmaceuticals , and borrowing trillions of dollars from the world to pay for our disease , debt and war .
The numbers just do n't add up .
Sure , you can sneak by for a little while , borrowing money from other countries to support your own debt addiction .
But now we are watching that can never be reversed .
Mark my words : The U.S. national debt willbe paid back .
The voters wo n't tolerate it !
( Because it would mean spending less and consuming less today . )
And that means all those countries who have loaned money to the United States should be prepared .
When lenders lose money , they are n't very happy about lendingmoney .
And that means countries will reduce or halt their purchases of U.S. debt -- which is how debt spending money is typically raised .
It 's already happening , in fact .
China is already shifting its purchases of debt away from the U.S. dollar and towards other currencies .
Many other countries are following suit .
Because of this mass exodus away from " investing " in U.S. debt , the total amount of debt that the United States can sell off in a year is strictly limited -- to under $ 400 billion right now and probably much less in years to come .
Yet at the same time , theof spending by the U.S. government is roughly $ 1 trillion a year , meaning that theincreases by a trillion dollars a year , too .
( These are really rough numbers .
To see more detailed figures , visit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_p...
The upshot of all this ?
If the U.S. needs to borrow $ 1 trillion a year , but other countries will only buy roughly $ 400 billion a year , just to keep itself afloat .
This isand it leads to the obvious destructive effects : Currency deflation ( the dollar becomes worth less ) and price inflation ( goods and services cost more dollars ) .
This means the dollars you 're earning or saving will become increasingly worthless as all this kicks in .
We are nowon this debt situation .
If the U.S. government were a cancer patient , it would be a stage - four patient , breathing on a respirator and barely conscious .
And yet somehow most of the American people take absolutely no notice of the extremely precarious financial situation .
There is a mass hallucination under way in America right now , where people think we can all go on consuming natural resources , feeding our children junk food , poisoning our bodies ( and rivers ) with pharmaceuticals , polluting the DNA of our crops with GM seeds , and ignoring the healing powers of herbs , nutritional supplements and super foods .
This mass hallucination has created what Dr. Gabriel Cousens callswhere people are invested in industries of death and philosophies of death .
The sick care industry , in particular , is an industry of death .
The food industry is an industry of death ( because they sell mostly dead foods ) .
The meat industry is an industry of death , as is the pesticide industry , too .
This culture of death pervades American culture -- a culture preoccupied with imperialistic expansion , the destruction of nature through unlimited urban development , and endless pursuits of " economic activity " through corporations whose profits depend on sickness , disease and death .
So much of the U.S. economy is now invested in disease and death that transforming the U.S. economy into one based on health and happiness would devastate the economy with job losses .
It 's really that bad ... There are those who believe that America can somehow pull itself out of this spiral of disease and debt .
They think that somehow , some future political leaders will magically discover a conscience and guide America to live within her means .
Some even believe that members of Congress will be suddenly and magically imbued with a sense of health awareness and sustainability , and they will overthrow the corporatocracy by voting against their own self - interests and instead voting to defend the interests of the people .
To believe that such things might occur is foolish .
I have no such illusions .
I 've been around enough to know that when it comes to corporations and politicians , .
People want their debt spending NOW .
They want their junk foods NOW .
They want their " free " sick care system NOW .
Very little thought is given to the concepts of what might be better for the long - term sustainability of a family , a community or a nation .
Or the world , for that matter .
There is no saving America from its self - inflicted financial demise .
It is now only a matter of time before the financial blowout takes its course , leaving Americans diseased and bankrupt , sitting on piles of useless paper dollars and wondering how it all happened ... Butin the bigger picture , because America actually needs to learn a tough lesson about health and finances in order to have a brighter future .
The day the federal government goes broke and can no longer pay the salaries of FDA employees is a great day for health freedom .
The day that the whole system of government - sponsored Big Pharma medical tyranny goes broke is the day that America might finally set a new course for a healthier future based on health freedom and safe , affordable natural medicine rather than monopoly - priced chemicals sold by criminally - operated corporations .
because the lessons of sustainable civilization have not yet been learned by America 's leaders ( or most of its people ) .
The sooner this corrupt , broken system of disease and debt fails , the sooner we can all get on with the business of structuring a new society based on healthy food , honest money and health freedoms .
So do n't mourn the coming financial death spiral of the United States of America .
From its impending failure and rebirth , we ( and our children ) can learn important lessons about how to structure a more successful society in the future .
I can tell you this : because pharmaceuticals cause both death and debt -- the two very things that destroy a society at its core .
In order for America to have a future , Big Pharma needs to be put out of business .
And it will be when the federal dollars run out .
After all , if given a choice of how to spend , virtually no one would choose a $ 200 bottle of chemical pills over a $ 10 bottle of natural supplements that are safer and more effective .
Big Pharma 's very survival , in other words , depends on the financial survival of the U.S. government , and that 's a bet the pharmaceutical industry will eventually lose .
Health freedom will always win in the end because no government that denies its people access to healing foods and natural medicines will survive for very long .
Blue whale songs are getting deeper , say baffled scientists
Blue whales are famed for their haunting songs that travel thousands of miles under the ocean .
Now scientists have discovered the world 's largest mammals are singing in deeper voices every year - and they are not sure why .
A study in the journal Endangered Species Research , has found male blue whales all over the world have lowered their tone .
Mark McDonald of WhaleAcoustics first noticed the change about eight years ago when he had to shift automated blue whale song detectors off California to lower frequencies .
A blue whale is spotted off the coast of Sri Lanka .
There are around 10,000 of the world 's largest mammal living in the wild
He decided to compare the songs in areas ranging from the North Atlantic to the Indian Ocean with the help of researchers from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in California .
They found all the studied whales had dropped their voices although the range varied .
Blue whales in the northeast Pacific population lowered their voices the most with a drop of 31 per cent between 1963 and 2008 .
This is the same as three white keys on the piano .
John Calombokidis , a blue whale expert at the Cascadia Research Collective , said : ' It ’s a fascinating finding .
It ’s even more remarkable , given that the songs themselves differ in different oceans .
' There seem to be these distinct populations , yet they ’re all showing this common shift . '
Mystery surrounds the elusive blue whale - not least why the male 's song is becoming lower
Blue whales migrate over large distances and produce songs throughout the year , there are around 10,000 living in the wild .
The singers have always been found to be males traveling at relatively high speeds but why their voices have lowered is a mystery .
Mr McDonald said one theory was the impact of an increasingly noisy ocean .
But he said if blue whales are struggling to make themselves heard over the sound of marine traffic , their voices should become higher , rather than lower .
It has also been suggested that climate change has led to the seas becoming more acidic and lowered voices could travel better in these waters .
However , scientists said this still does n't explain the extent of the drop .
The favoured theory is that males do not have to call as loudly to be heard by females because their numbers are slowly increasing following a whaling ban in 1966 .
Mr Calambokidis added that females could find the deeper tones more appealing .
' The males produce the calls so they are related to reproduction , ' he said , ' not prey or navigation . '
The housing crash has certainly erased much of the excitement over homeownership , and many people continue waiting out the downturn by renting .
But could this be a permanent shift away from white picket fences ?
That 's something Americans are debating .
One private home builder worries that longer - term renting might not end once the market recovers .
“ I ...
Interesting research :
For the last five years we have researched the connection between times of terrorist threats and public opinion .
In a series of tightly designed experiments , we expose subsets of research participants to a news story not unlike the type that aired last week .
We argue that attitudes , evaluations , and behaviors change in at least three politically - relevant ways when terror threat is more prominent in the news .
Some of these transformations are in accord with conventional wisdom concerning how we might expect the public to react .
Others are more surprising , and more disconcerting in their implications for the quality of democracy .
One way that public opinion shifts is toward increased expressions of distrust .
In some ways this strategy has been actively promoted by our political leaders .
The Bush administration repeatedly reminded the public to keep eyes and ears open to help identify dangerous persons .
A strategy of vigilance has also been endorsed by the new secretary of Homeland Security , Janet Napolitano .
Nonetheless , the breadth of increased distrust that the public puts into practice is striking .
Individuals threatened by terrorism become less trusting of others , even their own neighbors .
Other studies have shown that they become less supportive of the rights of Arab and Muslim Americans .
In addition , we found that such effects extend to immigrants and , as well , to a group entirely remote from the subject of terrorism : gay Americans .
The specter of terrorist threat creates ruptures in our social fabric , some of which may be justified as necessary tactics in the fight against terrorism and others that simply cannot .
Another way public opinion shifts under a terrorist threat is toward inflated evaluations of certain leaders .
To look for strong leadership makes sense : crises should impel us toward leadership bold enough to confront the threat and strong enough to protect us from it .
But the public does more than call for heroes in times of crisis .
It projects leadership qualities onto political figures , with serious political consequences .
In studies conducted in 2004 , we found that individuals threatened by terrorism perceived George W. Bush as more charismatic and stronger than did non-threatened individuals .
This projection of leadership had important consequences for voting decisions .
Individuals threatened by terrorism were more likely to base voting decisions on leadership qualities rather than on their own issue positions or partisanship .
You did read that correctly .
Threatened individuals responded with elevated evaluations of Bush ’s capacity for leadership and then used those inflated evaluations as the primary determinant in their voting decision .
These findings did not just occur among Republicans , but also among Independents and Democrats .
All partisan groups who perceived Bush as more charismatic were also less willing to blame him for policy failures such as faulty intelligence that led to the war in Iraq .
[…]
A third way public opinion shifts in response to terrorism is toward greater preferences for policies that protect the homeland , even at the expense of civil liberties , and active engagement against terrorists abroad .
Such a strategy was advocated and implemented by the Bush administration .
Again , however , we found that preferences shifted toward these objectives regardless of one ’s partisan stripes and , as well , outside the U.S .
Are Presidents Afraid of the CIA ?
In the past , I have alluded to Panetta and the Seven Dwarfs .
The reference is to CIA Director Leon Panetta and seven of his moral - dwarf predecessors — the ones who sent President Barack Obama a letter on Sept. 18 asking him to “ reverse Attorney General Holder ’s Aug. 24 decision to re-open the criminal investigation of CIA interrogations . ”
Email
Printer friendly Panetta reportedly was also dead set against reopening the investigation — as he was against release of the Justice Department ’s “ torture memoranda ” of 2002 , as he has been against releasing pretty much anything at all — the President ’s pledges of a new era of openness , notwithstanding .
[ See Consortiumnews.com ’s “ CIA Torturers Running Scared . ” ]
Panetta is even older than I , and hearing is among the first faculties to fail .
Perhaps he heard “ error ” when the President said “ era . ”
As for the benighted seven , they are more to be pitied than scorned .
No longer able to avail themselves of the services of clever Agency lawyers and wordsmiths , they put their names to a letter that reeked of self - interest — not to mention the inappropriateness of asking a President to interfere with an investigation already ordered by the Attorney General .
Three of the seven — George Tenet , Porter Goss and Michael Hayden — were themselves involved , in one way or another , in planning , conducting or covering up all manner of illegal actions , including torture , assassination and illegal eavesdropping .
In this light , the most transparent part of the letter may be the sentence in which they worry : “ There is no reason to expect that the re-opened criminal investigation will remain narrowly focused . ”
When asked about the letter on Sunday TV shows on Sept. 20 , Obama was careful always to respond first by expressing obligatory “ respect ” for the CIA and its directors .
With Bob Schieffer on “ Face the Nation , ” though , Obama did allow himself a condescending quip .
He commented , “ I appreciate the former CIA directors wanting to look out for an institution that they helped to build . ”
That quip was , sadly , the exception to the rule .
While Obama keeps repeating the mantra that “ nobody is above the law , ” there is no real sign that he intends to face down Panetta and the Seven Dwarfs — no sign that anyone has breathed new life into federal prosecutor John Durham , to whom Holder gave the mandate for further “ preliminary investigation . ”
What is generally forgotten is that it was former Attorney General Michael Mukasey who picked Durham two years ago to investigate the CIA ’s destruction of 91 tapes of the interrogation of “ high - value detainees . ”
Durham had scarcely been heard from when Holder added to his job - jar the task of conducting a preliminary investigation regarding the CIA torture specialists .
These are the ones whose zeal led them to go beyond the already highly permissive Justice Department guidelines for “ harsh interrogation . ”
Durham , clearly , is proceeding with all deliberate speed ( emphasis on “ deliberate ” ) .
Someone has even suggested — I trust , in jest — that he has been diverted to the search for the money and other assets that Bernie Madoff stashed away .
In any case , do not hold your breath for findings from Durham anytime soon .
Holder appears in no hurry .
And President Obama keeps giving off signals that he is afraid of getting crosswise with the CIA — that ’s right , afraid .
Not Just Paranoia
In that fear , President Obama stands in the tradition of a dozen American presidents .
Harry Truman and John Kennedy were the only ones to take on the CIA directly .
Worst of all , evidence continues to build that the CIA was responsible , at least in part , for the assassination of President Kennedy .
Evidence new to me came in response to things I included in my article of Dec. 22 , “ Break the CIA in Two . "
What follows can be considered a sequel that is based on the kind of documentary evidence after which intelligence analysts positively lust .
Unfortunately for the CIA operatives who were involved in the past activities outlined below , the temptation to ask Panetta to put a SECRET stamp on the documentary evidence will not work .
Nothing short of blowing up the Truman Library might help some .
But even that would be a largely feckless “ covert action , ” copy machines having long since done their thing .
In my article of Dec. 22 , I referred to Harry Truman ’s op - ed of exactly 46 years before , titled “ Limit CIA Role to Intelligence , ” in which the former President expressed dismay at what the Central Intelligence Agency had become just 16 years after he and Congress created it .
The Washington Post published the op-ed on Dec. 22 , 1963 , in its early edition , but immediately excised it from later editions .
Other media ignored it .
The long hand of the CIA ?
Truman wrote that he was “ disturbed by the way CIA has been diverted from its original assignment ” to keep the President promptly and fully informed and had become “ an operational and at times policy - making arm of the government . ”
The Truman Papers Documents in the Truman Library show that nine days after Kennedy was assassinated , Truman sketched out in handwritten notes what he wanted to say in the op -ed .
He noted , among other things , that the CIA had worked as he intended only “ when I had control . ”
In Truman ’s view , misuse of the CIA began in February 1953 , when his successor , Dwight Eisenhower , named Allen Dulles CIA Director .
Dulles ’s forte was overthrowing governments ( in current parlance , “ regime change ” ) , and he was quite good at it .
With coups in Iran ( 1953 ) and Guatemala ( 1954 ) under his belt , Dulles was riding high in the late Fifties and moved Cuba to the top of his to - do list .
Accustomed to the carte blanche given him by Eisenhower , Dulles was offended when young President Kennedy came on the scene and had the temerity to ask questions about the Bay of Pigs adventure , which had been set in motion under Eisenhower .
When Kennedy made it clear he would NOT approve the use of U.S. combat forces , Dulles reacted with disdain and set out to mousetrap the new President .
Coffee - stained notes handwritten by Allen Dulles were discovered after his death and reported by historian Lucien S. Vandenbroucke .
They show how Dulles drew Kennedy into a plan that was virtually certain to require the use of U.S. combat forces .
In his notes Dulles explained that , “ when the chips were down , ” the new President would be forced by “ the realities of the situation ” to give whatever military support was necessary “ rather than permit the enterprise to fail . ”
Additional detail came from a March 2001 conference on the Bay of Pigs , which included CIA operatives , retired military commanders , scholars and journalists .
Daniel Schorr told National Public Radio that he had gained one new perception as a result of the “ many hours of talk and heaps of declassified secret documents ” :
“ It was that the CIA overlords of the invasion , Director Allen Dulles and Deputy Richard Bissell , had their own plan on how to bring the United States into the conflict . …
What they expected was that the invaders would establish a beachhead … and appeal for aid from the United States . …
“ The assumption was that President Kennedy , who had emphatically banned direct American involvement , would be forced by public opinion to come to the aid of the returning patriots .
American forces , probably Marines , would come in to expand the beachhead .
“ In fact , President Kennedy was the target of a CIA covert operation that collapsed when the invasion collapsed . ”
The “ enterprise ” which Dulles said could not fail was , of course , the overthrow of Fidel Castro .
After mounting several failed operations to assassinate him , this time Dulles meant to get his man , with little or no attention to what the Russians might do in reaction .
Kennedy stuck to his guns , so to speak ; fired Dulles and his co-conspirators a few months after the abortive invasion in April 1961 ; and told a friend that he wanted to “ splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter it into the winds . ”
The outrage was mutual , and when Kennedy himself was assassinated on Nov. 22 , 1963 , it must have occurred to Truman that the disgraced Dulles and his outraged associates might not be above conspiring to get rid of a President they felt was soft on Communism — and , incidentally , get even .
In his op - ed of Dec. 22 , 1963 , Truman warned : “ The most important thing … was to guard against the chance of intelligence being used to influence or to lead the President into unwise decisions . ”
It is a safe bet that Truman had the Bay of Pigs fiasco uppermost in mind .
Truman called for CIA ’s operational duties [ to ] be terminated or properly used elsewhere . ”
( This is as good a recommendation now as it was then , in my view . )
On Dec. 27 , 1963 , retired Admiral Sidney Souers , whom Truman had appointed to lead his first central intelligence group , sent a “ Dear Boss ” letter applauding Truman ’s outspokenness and blaming Dulles for making the CIA “ a different animal than I tried to set up for you . ”
Souers specifically lambasted the attempt “ to conduct a ‘ war ’ invading Cuba with a handful of men and without air cover . ”
Souers also lamented the fact that the agency ’s “ principal effort ” had evolved into causing “ revolutions in smaller countries around the globe , ” and added :
“ With so much emphasis on operations , it would not surprise me to find that the matter of collecting and processing intelligence has suffered some . ”
Clearly , CIA ’s operational tail was wagging its substantive dog — a serious problem that persists to this day .
Fox Guarding Hen House
The well - connected Dulles got himself appointed to the Warren Commission and took the lead in shaping the investigation of JFK ’s assassination .
Documents in the Truman Library show that he then mounted a small domestic covert action of his own to neutralize any future airing of Truman ’s and Souers ’s warnings about covert action .
So important was this to Dulles that he invented a pretext to get himself invited to visit Truman in Independence , Missouri .
On the afternoon of April 17 , 1964 , Dulles spent a half - hour trying to get the former President to retract what he had said in his op - ed .
No dice , said Truman .
No problem , thought Dulles .
Four days later , in a formal memo for his old buddy Lawrence Houston , CIA General Counsel from 1947 to 1973 , Dulles fabricated a private retraction , claiming that Truman told him the Washington Post article was “ all wrong , ” and that Truman “ seemed quite astounded at it . ”
No doubt Dulles thought it might be handy to have such a memo in CIA files , just in case .
A fabricated retraction ?
It certainly seems so , because Truman did not change his tune .
Far from it .
In a June 10 , 1964 , letter to the managing editor of Look magazine , for example , Truman restated his critique of covert action , emphasizing that he never intended the CIA to get involved in “ strange activities . ”
Dulles and Dallas Dulles could hardly have expected to get Truman to recant publicly .
So why was it so important for Dulles to place in CIA files a fabricated retraction ?
My guess is that in early 1964 he was feeling a good bit of heat from those suggesting the CIA might have been involved somehow in the Kennedy assassination .
Indeed , columnists were asking how the truth could ever come out with Allen Dulles on the Warren Commission .
Prescient .
Dulles feared , rightly , that Truman ’s limited - edition op - ed might yet hit pay dirt and raise serious questions about covert action .
Dulles would have wanted to be in position to flash the Truman “ retraction , ” with the hope that this would nip any serious questioning in the bud .
The media had already shown how co-opted — er , I mean “ cooperative ” — it could be .
As the de facto head of the Warren Commission , Dulles was perfectly positioned to exculpate himself and any of his associates , were any commissioners or investigators — or journalists — tempted to question whether the killing in Dallas might have been a CIA covert action .
Did Allen Dulles and other “ cloak - and - dagger CIA operatives have a hand in killing President Kennedy and then covering it up ?
The most up - to - date — and , in my view , the best — dissection of the assassination appeared last year in James Douglass ’s book , JFK and the Unspeakable .
After updating and arraying the abundant evidence , and conducting still more interviews , Douglass concludes the answer is Yes .
Ray McGovern now works with Tell the Word , the publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington .
During a 27 - year career at CIA , he served under nine CIA directors and in all four of CIA ’s main directorates , including operations .
He is co-founder of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Pot Potato A Bill to Decriminalize Pot Is Popular with Voters — So Why Wo n't the Legislature Pass It ?
Stoners get caricatured as layabouts who talk in circles , shrug off their responsibilities , and leave hard work to other people .
But when it comes to reforming pot laws in Washington , it 's not stoners embodying this stereotype .
As this year 's legislative session begins , one of the bills still kicking around from last year 's session — after it stalled in the state house without a hearing — is a measure that would decriminalize marijuana .
The bill would replace the existing penalty for possessing pot ( up to 90 days in jail and a $ 1,000 fine ) with just a $ 100 citation , like a parking ticket .
A fiscal report by the state 's Office of Financial Management shows the measure would save $ 11,283,360 a year in prosecution and jail costs .
And relaxing pot penalties is plenty popular with voters .
Polling data conducted in 2006 shows that 67 percent of state voters want marijuana possession to be decriminalized or legalized completely ; national polls show a steady climb in support for removing all penalties for marijuana .
At first blush , pot reform in Washington appears to be making headway this year .
The bill got a hearing in the house on the third day of the legislative session .
But a closer examination shows the bill is likely to flounder .
Despite plenty of reasons to approve the measure — again , it would save money and has strong statewide support from constituents — there 's plenty of endless buck - passing in Olympia .
When pressed , lawmakers end up talking in circles about it and pointing fingers at each other , at the public , at Washington , D.C. — all while waiting for someone else to do the hard work for them .
Like , say , a bunch of disaffected stoners .
Thankfully , a small minority of lawmakers are showing some spine .
" It 's not an issue about wanting to get stoned , " says state representative Dave Upthegrove ( D - 33 ) , prime sponsor of the house bill .
" It 's about drug policy that makes more sense and is more effective . "
But he says fellow Democrats are nervous about approving a controversial law that could trigger a conservative backlash .
If you ask state senator Jeanne Kohl - Welles ( D - 36 ) , the prime sponsor of the bill in the senate ( and another of the few with spine ) , the bill has a chance of clearing the senate but is facing a more difficult challenge in the house .
Over there , house Speaker Frank Chopp ( D - 43 ) points to his assembly of lawmakers and to the chair of the committee in which the decriminalization bill is getting its start .
" I do n't control all the votes , " Chopp says .
( Quite a claim , considering Chopp is notorious for running his chamber with an iron fist . )
The chair of the committee in question , Representative Christopher Hurst ( D - 31 ) , says he can't support the bill because it conflicts with federal law .
A former narcotics detective for the Black Diamond Police Department , Hurst holds absolute authority to prevent the marijuana bill from ever leaving his Public Safety Committee .
He claims that decriminalizing marijuana would confuse people who may sail into federally patrolled waters or drive into national parks ; they could be prosecuted unwittingly for marijuana possession , he argues .
But over a dozen states have decriminalized marijuana , including Nevada in 2001 and Massachusetts in 2008 , and " no state has ever reported experiencing such a problem , " says Alison Holcomb , drug policy director of the ACLU of Washington .
But then Hurst — who talks in circles when told the federal conflict has no play in low - ­level pot prosecutions — also points his finger at Congress .
" It is up to federal government to make that decision , " Hurst says .
" It does n't rest with the states . "
Next , Hurst claims , unbelievably , " Police do n't book people for small amounts of marijuana .
This idea that people are out there being booked into jail for small amounts of marijuana is preposterous . "
What 's more preposterous — especially from a former cop — is that his statement is at odds with the state 's Administrative Office of the Courts , which found that 12,463 cases were filed for misdemeanor possession in 2008 , and 5,280 cases resulted in conviction .
On average , defendants served 4.3 days per conviction , for a total number of 22,704 jail days .
Even more frustrating , this information is in the fiscal note ( prepared by the state ) that accompanies the bill sitting on Hurst 's desk .
Regardless ,
Hurst says , " I do n't see the votes there in the house or the senate " to pass the bill .
While Hurst is trying to pass this hot potato off onto others , certain legislators want to pass it directly to voters in Washington State .
Representative Roger Goodman ( D - 45 ) recommends that , instead of hoping for the legislature to pass it , citizens should take the initiative by running a ballot measure .
" Most [ lawmakers ] perceive that there is not a lot to be gained politically by taking this on , " Goodman says .
But Holcomb at the ACLU of Washington , which has been pressing hard on the legislature to pass marijuana decriminalization for years , points out that last year the senate voted the bill out of committee and none of the senators faced a backlash .
She calls that " a strong signal to our Washington legislators that their constituents are ready to pass this bill . "
Moreover , running a citizens ' initiative typically requires 10 months of work and costs over $ 2 million — whereas the legislature can do it in a few weeks without spending an additional dime .
Still , some want to try going for broke with an initiative .
On January 11 , a new group called Sensible Washington filed an initiative that would legalize marijuana outright .
" There are just not enough people in the house and senate willing to step up and vote for it , " says Philip Dawdy , coauthor of the initiative and a freelance journalist .
With plans to get the measure on the ballot for under $ 100,000 , the ambitious pot measure has more than an uphill battle .
Passing it would be like climbing Mount Everest while fighting the Huns .
But the steep fight of an initiative may be the only way Washington will ever change pot laws — even taking a moderate step like decriminalizing possession of small amounts , never mind legalizing pot completely .
" Sometimes you have to do things by initiative because the legislature does n't want to do it , " said Speaker Chopp , speaking about controversial proposals .
Is the legislature shirking its responsibility by asking the public to pick up the tab for an expensive initiative ?
" I 'm not advocating that we do initiatives .
I 'm just saying sometimes that 's the way to get things done , " he said .
Naturally , some lawmakers and citizens are fed up .
State representative Mary Lou Dickerson ( D - 36 ) has filed a bill that would completely legalize marijuana and regulate its sale like liquor .
But — familiar story — Dickerson 's bill does n't have a chance because others in Olympia think it 's too hot to touch .
EPA Suppresses Internal Global Warming Study
The Competitive Enterprise Institute today charged that a senior official of the U.S. Environment Protection Agency actively suppressed a scientific analysis of climate change because of political pressure to support the Administration ’s policy agenda of regulating carbon dioxide .
As part of a just - ended public comment period , CEI submitted a set of four EPA emails , dated March 12 - 17 , 2009 , which indicate that a significant internal critique of the agency ’s global warming position was put under wraps and concealed .
The study the emails refer to , which ran counter to the administration ’s views on carbon dioxide and climate change , was kept from circulating within the agency , was never disclosed to the public , and was not added to the body of materials relevant to EPA ’s current “ endangerment ” proceeding .
The emails further show that the study was treated in this manner not because of any problem with its quality , but for political reasons .
“ This suppression of valid science for political reasons is beyond belief , ” said CEI General Counsel Sam Kazman .
“ EPA ’s conduct is even more outlandish because it flies in the face of the President ’s widely - touted claim that ‘ the days of science taking a back seat to ideology are over . ' ”
CEI ’s filing requests that EPA make the suppressed study public , place it into the endangerment docket , and extend the comment period to allow public response to the new information .
CEI is also requesting that EPA publicly declare that it will engage in no reprisals against the study ’s author , a senior analyst who has worked at EPA for over 35 years .
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) |
A two - month capture of about 2,500 wild horses from public and private lands in northern Nevada began Monday amid protests that the roundups are unnecessary and inhumane .
Federal officials said the roundup is needed because the 850 square miles of land is overpopulated and could become unlivable to wildlife and livestock within four years .
Bureau of Land Management spokeswoman JoLynn Worley said the agency began gathering horses Monday in the eastern portion of the Black Rock Range , a stretch of mountains more than 100 miles north of Reno , Nev .
A contractor was using two helicopters under BLM supervision to move the horses to corrals , Ms. Worley said .
The animals were then being trucked to Fallon , Nev. , for immunizations and veterinary care , she said .
Ms. Worley said officials wo n’t know how many horses were captured until early Tuesday .
She said the agency would likely be in the range for one week to 10 days — with a goal of capturing 250 mustangs — before moving on to the next of five areas .
Long - term plans call for the mustangs to be placed for adoption or sent to holding facilities in the Midwest .
The agency said a facility in Reno was full of adoptable horses , making it unclear when the animals gathered in the latest capture could be put up for adoption .
Horse defenders say the use of helicopters to drive horses to corrals is inhumane and risks their injury and death .
Opponents also contend winter roundups expose horses to the risk of respiratory illness .
Suzanne Roy , program director for In Defense of Animals , said the group questions the timing of the roundup and methods that prevent public monitoring of the roundup .
“ It just all smells bad , ” she said .
The California - based group has had trouble getting White House and other federal officials to work through their complaints during the holidays , she added .
About 30 protesters gathered Sunday at the entrance to Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area west of Las Vegas , waving down motorists and holding placards .
The group also planned to demonstrate Wednesday outside the San Francisco office of Sen. Dianne Feinstein , California Democrat , who protesters hope will sympathize with their calls for a moratorium on wild horse roundups .
Other protests were being planned for Wednesday in Chicago and Denver .
Ms. Worley said the agency planned to take reporters near the corralling sites Wednesday and was working through details for public viewing areas as the roundup moves to different areas .
The roundup was to include horses from five federally managed areas in the Calico Mountains complex .
A September count showed more than 3,040 wild horses were living in the area , about three times the land ’s capacity , federal officials said .
Without the roundup , the horse population in the area would grow by 20 percent to 27 percent annually , passing 6,000 mustangs within four years , according to the Bureau of Land Management .
At that point , wildlife and livestock would n’t have enough water or forage .
The roundup is part of the Bureau of Land Management ’s overall strategy to remove thousands of mustangs from public lands across the West to protect wild horse herds and the rangelands that support them .
The bureau estimates about half of the nearly 37,000 wild mustangs live in Nevada , with others concentrated in Arizona , California , Oregon , Utah and Wyoming .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A study in mice suggests using cellphones may help prevent some of the brain - wasting effects of Alzheimer ’s disease , U.S. researchers said on Wednesday .
A woman talks on her phone while watching the sun set behind a cruise ship used to house attendees to the Summit of the Americas in Port of Spain , Trinidad April 18 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
After long - term exposure to electromagnetic waves such as those used in cell phones , mice genetically altered to develop Alzheimer ’s performed as well on memory and thinking skill tests as healthy mice , the researchers wrote in the Journal of Alzheimer ’s Disease .
The results were a major surprise and open the possibility of developing a noninvasive , drug - free treatment for Alzheimer ’s , said lead author Gary Arendash of the University of South Florida .
He said he had expected cell phone exposure to increase the effects of dementia .
“ Quite to the contrary , those mice were protected if the cell phone exposure was stared in early adulthood .
Or if the cellphone exposure was started after they were already memory - impaired , it reversed that impairment , ” Arendash said in a telephone interview .
Arendash ’s team exposed the mice to electromagnetic waves equivalent to those emitted by a cellphone pressed against a human head for two hours daily over seven to nine months .
At the end of that time , they found cellphone exposure erased a build - up of beta amyloid , a protein that serves as a hallmark of Alzheimer ’s disease .
The Alzheimer ’s mice showed improvement and had reversal of their brain pathology , he said .
“ It ( the electromagnetic wave ) prevents the aggregation of that bad protein of the brain , ” Arendash said .
“ The findings are intriguing to us because they open up a whole new field in neuroscience , we believe , which is the long - term effects of electromagnetic fields on memory . ”
Arendash said his team was modifying the experiment to see if they could produce faster results and begin testing humans .
Despite decades of research , there are few effective treatments and no cure for Alzheimer ’s , the most common form of dementia .
Many treatments that have shown promise in mice have had little effect on humans .
More than 35 million people globally will suffer from Alzheimer ’s disease or other forms of dementia in 2010 , according to the Alzheimer ’s Association .
There has been recent controversy about whether electromagnetic waves from cellphones cause brain cancer .
Co-author Chuanhai Cao said the mice study is more evidence that long - term cellphone use is not harmful to the brain .
Groups such as the World Health Organization , the American Cancer Society , and the National Institutes of Health , have all concluded that scientific evidence to date does not support any adverse health effects associated with the use of cellphones .
Our weekly collaboration with Cellar Image of the Day brings us the image of this strange animal : a rare soft - shelled turtle called Cantor 's giant turtle .
A 24 - pound female Cantor 's giant turtle — known for its rubbery skin and jaws powerful enough to crush bone — was captured and released by researchers in March , U.S. - based Conservation International and World Wildlife Fund said in a statement .
...
The species can grow up to 6 feet in length and weigh more than 110 pounds .
It was last spotted by scientists in the Cambodian wild in 2003 .
It also was found in small numbers in Laos , but appears to have disappeared from Vietnam and Thailand .
The turtle has a rubbery skin with ribs fused together to form a protective layer over its internal organs .
It protects itself from predators by spending 95 percent of its life hidden in sand or mud with only its eyes and nose showing .
Get Laughs , Get Attention , Get Your Message Across
The evidence that AGW fans need to provide
The state of Oregon should have its own bank so taxpayer dollars could help fund local businesses instead of boosting the profits of big multinational banks , says Bill Bradbury , Democratic candidate for governor and former secretary of state .
Bradbury announced his proposal today in Portland as part of his plan to find jobs for more Oregonians .
The state bank , modeled on one in North Dakota , would form the cornerstone of his jobs proposal , he said .
" It 's time to make Oregon 's money work for Oregonians , " Bradbury said .
Small businesses are hurting because banks are squeezing off credit necessary for growth .
Oregon currently deposits hundreds of millions of dollars in a variety of banks , many of them the megabanks that wound up needing federal help to stay afloat after signing off on too many risky home mortgages .
Bradbury 's proposal would create the Bank of Oregon , which would partner with local banks to make loans to small businesses , economic development projects and start - ups .
" It 's time to declare economic sovereignty from the multinational banks , " Bradbury said .
He said he discussed his proposal Tuesday night with state Treasurer Ben Westlund , who responded favorably .
Westlund could not be reached immediately for comment .
Other elements of Bradbury 's jobs plan include more money for schools , helping new farmers get started with loans and modern techniques and pushing for Oregon to become the " sustainability capital of the world " by continuing to give incentives for green energy projects .
Bradbury 's jobs plan comes a little more than a week after his main opponent in the 2010 Democratic primary , former Gov. John Kitzhaber , released
Like Bradbury , Kitzhaber focused on renewable energy and sustainability , but also called for improved job training programs and a more stable state tax structure as keys to a better employment picture that goes well beyond the state 's two - year budget cycle .
Bradbury 's response : " People need jobs to feed their families now , not in 10 years . "
Boron nitride nanotubes ( BNNTs ) are the divas of the nanoworld .
In possession of alluring properties , they are also notoriously temperamental compared to their carbon - based cousins .
On the plus side , they can withstand incredibly high heat , well over 1,100 degrees Celsius , says Yoke Khin Yap , an associate professor of physics at Michigan Technological University .
" Carbon nanotubes would burn like charcoal in a barbecue at half of those temperatures , " he says .
And the electrical properties of BNNTs are remarkably uniform .
Perfect insulators , boron nitride nanotubes could be doped with other materials to form designer semiconductors that could be used in high - powered electronics .
Unfortunately , making nanotubes from boron and nitrogen is easier said than done .
" Making carbon nanotubes is simpler , like cooking , " says Yap .
Boron nitride nanotubes , on the other hand , have always been fussy , requiring special instrumentation , dangerous chemistry , or temperatures of over 1,500 degrees Celsius to assemble .
Even at that , the products are shot through with impurities .
" We 've been stuck for more than 10 years because nobody could grow them well on substrates , " says Yap .
" But now we can . "
As it turns out , boron nitride nanotubes just needed a little encouragement .
Yap and his team have grown virtual Persian carpets of the tiny fibers on a substrate made from simple catalysts , magnesium oxide , iron or nickel .
And they have managed it using the same instrumentation for growing carbon nanotubes , at about 1,100 degrees Celsius .
And , their quality is perfect , .the present work .
" I hope this encourages more researchers to grow BNNTs using the new technique , " said Yap .
The boron nitride nanotubes can be made to assemble exclusively on these catalysts , so the researchers can control precisely where they grow .
" You could write ' Michigan Tech ' in nanotubes , " says Yap .
These transparent nanotube sheets have another interesting property : they shed water like a duck 's back , a quality known as the lotus effect .
" Water just slides away , " he says .
" Anything coated with it would not only be stain resistant , it would be protected from anything water - soluble . "
This superhydrophobicity holds at all pH levels , so anything coated with it would be protected from even the strongest acids and alkalies .
###
The research was funded through a National Science Foundation Career Grant .
A paper detailing Yap 's discoveries , " Patterned Growth of Boron Nitride Nanotubes by Catalytic Chemical Vapor Deposition , " has been published online by the journal Chemistry of Materials .
Yap is the editor of the book " B - C - N Nanotubes and Related Nanostructures , " the first book on nanostructures constructed from one or multiple elements using boron , carbon , and nitrogen .
He was the lead organizer of the Nanotubes and Related Nanostructures Symposium at the 2009 Materials Research Society Fall Meeting on .
For more information , visit www.phy.mtu.edu/yap/research.html .
Michigan Technological University ( mtu.edu ) is a leading public research university developing new technologies and preparing students to create the future for a prosperous and sustainable world .
Michigan
Tech offers more than 130 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in engineering ; forest resources ; computing ; technology ; business ; economics ; natural , physical and environmental sciences ; arts ; humanities ; and social sciences .
What do you expect ?
Defeat would , after all , mean “ the end of change as we know it . ”
I ’m leery of very short audio clips when the content is as incendiary as this is , but Brian Maloney re-checked the tape and assures me that it ’s not taken out of context .
Has it really come to this ?
The call to cheat comes , incidentally , just as the fine folks of SEIU are rolling into town .
What could go wrong ?
Click the image to listen .
Posted by John , October 22nd , 2009 - under Unions .
Tags : Australian Council of Trade Unions , Australian Labor Party , Fighting back
As the Rudd government ’s new anti-union laws came into operation on 1 July this year , the Australian Industry Group ’s Peter Nolan claimed that the bosses were n’t too worried – “ We do n’t expect to see any massive outbreak of industrial activity ” .
Unfortunately , so far he ’s right .
According to the Australian Bureau of Statistics ’ most recent figures , union membership in the year to August 2008 increased by 56,000 .
But this hardly marks a turnaround in the unions ’ fortunes .
Levels of industrial action have remained at historically low levels over both 2008 and 2009 .
Two questions arise .
Why is this the case ?
And what can be done about it ?
To answer the first we have to look beyond the ALP ’s role in managing Australian capitalism in the interests of profit .
What about the union leaders ’ role ?
The ACTU leaders in particular have distinguished themselves by praising the new laws , covering up their true nature and promoting the illusion that Labor has dismantled WorkChoices .
Here ’s Sharan Burrow on the day the Fair Work Act came into effect :
Well it ’s a great day for Australian workers , we ’ll be celebrating , workers across the country will be celebrating the death of WorkChoices .
Louise Tarrant , National Secretary of the Liquor , Hospitality and Miscellaneous Workers Union , was another proclaiming the vast difference between WorkChoices and the new laws .
On 1 July 2009 as the “ Fair Work ” Act came into operation , Tarrant proclaimed that luxury hotel workers wanted to go down in history as the first workers to use the new laws .
By exercising their right to strike ?
No , that ’s just as illegal under Fair Work as under WorkChoices .
Instead , they would be outside the offices of Fair Work Australia , waiting for it to open so they could “ lodge applications for majority support determinations under Section 236 ” – an application to have the LHMWU as their bargaining agent so they could seek a collective agreement .
This promotion of the new laws is not just because many union officials are part of the Labor Party machine .
It flows from the nature of the trade union bureaucracy , whose central role is to negotiate between the demands of their members and what the bosses will find acceptable .
So even where they have mobilised some action , more often than not the conclusion is to demand that the ACTU and other union officials be given a seat at the negotiating table .
For example , there was a sizeable rally in Melbourne on 1 September against the government ’s latest attack on workers ’ rights – the attempt to introduce uniform national laws that will reduce already inadequate health and safety protection at work .
ACTU secretary Jeff Lawrence ’s demand at the rally was for the government to sit down with the ACTU and unions .
The apparently contradictory flip side to union officials ’ promotion of the Fair Work Act has been constant reminders to members that pretty much any industrial action they might take under it is likely to be illegal .
The one thing that could turn the situation in workers ’ favour – serious industrial action – is constantly undermined by union leaders .
What should be done ?
Are new collective bargaining rules , which the ACTU pushed as the big change , worth anything when restrictions on strikes and industry - wide campaigns remain in place ?
Is the right to collectively bargain meaningful if the union is weak on the ground ?
That points to the need to rebuild rank and file organisation , the networks of delegates that have been allowed to wither over decades now , as official strategies have focused on anything but the strikes and on - the - job organisation that are the life - blood of unions if we are to really take on the bosses and win .
That ’s the bottom line for making some real gains , not what passes for gains today , when a newspaper article entitled “ Unions hail win for the lowly paid ” is not actually about low - paid workers winning anything , but merely about the LHMWU applying to represent 3000 hotel workers in negotiations .
A number of unions have reported increases in membership over the past year .
But the key issue is not just numbers but involvement in action .
The bosses and government understand this .
That ’s why Labor ’s re-labelling of the anti-union commission in the building industry , the ABCC , is designed to make things worse for militant building workers by dividing the union movement , to the detriment of those who want to fight .
Penalties under the new body may be relaxed for particular workplaces if , in Gillard ’s words , it can be demonstrated that “ the requisite lawful culture is in place [ with ] the opportunity for the law - abiding majority to not be tarred with the same brush as the unlawful rogue elements ” .
But we need more “ rogue elements ” in every workplace .
A quick glance at the ABCC website will show the untold story of hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines paid this year by unions for exercising the right to strike .
But also on those reports are the signs of life that can rebuild the union .
Report after report outlines “ unlawful industrial action ” .
In every case , collective action is taken in defiance of the law .
Action by 300 workers , initiated by AWU delegate Joe O’Connor at Lake Cowal gold mine in 2005 over food and hygiene standards at the kitchen and mess at the camp , involved a three - day walkout .
There ’s action outside the building industry .
In western Sydney this August , 130 bus drivers walked off the job for six hours in protest against onerous timetables .
The Daily Telegraph labelled them “ rogue drivers ” because they did it “ without consulting any official of the Transport Workers Union ” – whose role was then to pressure them to go back to work .
To withstand that pressure we need more delegates in more workplaces , in touch with each other , discussing union activism as the way to recruit non-members , supporting each other .
We need to be clear about the anti-union nature of the new laws , just as we were about WorkChoices .
That means understanding the ALP ’s role in keeping Australian capitalism profitable .
It means ditching the union leaders ’ mantra of flexibility , productivity , wage restraint and what ’s “ good for the industry ” .
But that is only the beginning of wisdom .
That understanding needs to be harnessed to on - the - job organising to rebuild the unions from the ground up .
This article , by Diane Fieldes , appeared in the October edition of Socialist Alternative .
Researchers from the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) have been able to view in detail , and for the first time , the previously mysterious process by which long chains of a protein called ubiquitin are added by enzymes called ubiquitin ligases to proteins that control the cell cycle .
Ubiquitin chains tag target proteins for destruction by protein - degrading complexes in the cell .
" We found that ubiquitin ligases build ubiquitin chains very rapidly by transferring ubiquitins one at a time , " says Raymond Deshaies , professor of biology at Caltech and Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator .
Their findings , and the innovative process by which they were obtained , are described in this week 's issue of the journal Nature .
Ubiquitin is one of nature 's most unusual proteins .
Unlike most of its protein brethren , ubiquitin has to be physically attached to other proteins to do its job .
" As its name implies , ubiquitin is found in essentially every kind of eukaryotic cell , " says Caltech graduate student Nathan Pierce , the Nature paper 's lead author .
In their Nature paper , the Caltech team looked at the process of ubiquitylation , the method by which ubiquitin and ubiquitin chains are added to target proteins .
The target proteins used in the study , cyclin E and β- Catenin , are both involved in controlling the cell cycle .
advertisement
It was already known , Pierce explains , that the addition of a chain of four or more ubiquitins to a target protein marks that protein for annihilation .
The destruction of cyclin E is critical for the accurate replication of DNA , while the degradation of β- Catenin keeps cells from dividing during development at the wrong time .
If β- Catenin is not degraded , cells proliferate excessively and become predisposed to tumorigenesis .
Meanwhile , cells that do n't degrade cyclin E accumulate DNA damage and mutations , which can help fuel the unchecked growth of a tumor .
It was also already known that ubiquitin chains are added to the protein using three different enzymes , dubbed E1 , E2 , and E3 .
Simply put , E1 activates ubiquitin for transfer , then passes it over to E2 .
E3 then gets into the act .
A form of E3 called a RING ligase ( RING stands for " really interesting new gene " ) plays a key role in the tagging of cyclin E and β- Catenin ; according to Pierce , the RING ligase " simultaneously binds to E2 and the target protein ( like cyclin E ) , and then causes E2 to transfer the ubiquitin to the target protein . "
Despite all of this knowledge , one question has remained : is the chain transferred to the protein in an already assembled form , or are the ubiquitins moved over one at a time ?
" The process is so complicated and so fast , " Pierce notes , " that we were n't able to see how the chain is actually built . "
To address that issue , Pierce created a sort of biological stop-motion animation that allowed the Caltech team to watch every step in the transfer of ubiquitin from E2 onto the cyclin E protein substrate .
advertisement
" We devised methods to take snapshots of ubiquitin ligase reactions at a rate of up to 100 ' pictures ' every second , " says Deshaies .
" This enables us to see things that would normally evade detection . "
Previous studies had looked at the reaction on the scale of seconds or minutes , Pierce adds .
But through an innovative use of a laboratory tool called a quench - flow machine -- a machine that allows for extreme precision in the stopping , or " quenching , " of a reaction -- the team was able to look at what was going on over intervals of just 10 milliseconds in both yeast and human proteins .
" Prior methods did not have sufficient time resolution to see what was going on , " says Deshaies .
" It 's as if you gave an ice - cream cone to a kid and took pictures every minute .
You would see the ice cream disappear from the first photo to the next , but since the pictures are too far apart in time , you would have no idea whether the child ate the ice cream one bite at a time , or swallowed the entire scoop in one gulp . "
The new method revealed the biological equivalent of small , single bites of ice cream .
" Using our approach , " Deshaies says , " we could see that our ubiquitin ligase builds ubiquitin chains one ubiquitin at a time . "
" Once we knew what the steps were , we calculated the rates at which they occur , " adds Pierce .
" And from those rates , we were able to really describe the biology of how this system works . "
The quest does n't stop there , of course .
" One thing we have to understand now is , how do ubiquitin ligases achieve the speeds that they do ? " asks Deshaies .
" What special mechanisms do they have to enable them to build chains rapidly ?
And the flip side of the coin :
What sets the speed limit ?
Why can't our ubiquitin ligase work even faster ? "
A recent paper published in the journal Cell by Gary Kleiger , a postdoctoral scholar in the Deshaies lab , answered some of these speed - related questions .
By measuring the rates at which E2 and E3 interacted with one another , Kleiger was able to demonstrate their unusually fast association -- faster than predicted for normal proteins .
E2 and E3 use oppositely - charged surfaces to attract each other , thereby speeding up the formation of a functional complex of the two proteins .
This helps explain how the rapid sequential additions of ubiquitin described in the Nature paper are possible .
Gaining these kinds of insights into the ubiquitin system is important , Deshaies says , because ubiquitin ligases play a critical role in a number of human diseases , including cancer , due to their role in the regulation of the cell cycle .
" Once we understand these aspects of how ubiquitin ligases work , and what limits their speed , we will be in an excellent position to think about how we might develop drugs that attack the ligase 's Achilles ' heel , to make its slowest step even slower , " he says .
" If we can slow down ubiquitin ligases enough , they may become too slow to get their job done -- to build chains -- in the time available to them to do so .
Being able to develop drugs to block their function would open up a new frontier in medicine . "
" We were able to invent HIV therapeutics because we understand how reverse transcriptase works , " adds Pierce .
" The same applies here .
We need to understand how these enzymes work if we 're ever going to be able to target them with therapeutics . "
In addition to Pierce and Deshaies , other researchers involved in the study included Kleiger and Shu-ou Shan , assistant professor of chemistry at Caltech .
The work described in the Nature paper was funded by a Gordon Ross Fellowship , National Institutes of Health training and research grants , and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
Will Potter will be on the Rob Kall Bottom - up Radio Show Wed. Jan 6 , 9 - 10 PM .
wnjc1360.com or AM 1360 in Philly Metro and South NJ area .
A link to the podcast will be placed here after the show .
originally published Oct 14th , 2009 on greenisthenewred.com
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
The conviction of the SHAC 7animal rights activists hit with " terrorism " charges for publishing a website and vocally , unapologetically supporting direct actionhas been upheld by a U.S. appellate court .
It is a landmark free speech ruling that lowers the threshold of what types of conduct are protected by the First Amendment , and upholds a law that is so broad that it targets civil disobedience as " terrorism . "
As a brief introduction : The " SHAC 7 " of Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty ran an effective campaign that had the sole purpose of putting Huntingdon Life Sciences , a notorious animal testing company , out of business .
The campaign pressured corporations to sever ties with the lab .
The SHAC 7 were never accused of breaking windows or releasing animals from labs , but they supported those who did .
They published a website which posted news of both legal and illegal tactics , and supported all of it .
The website had also posted names and addresses of individuals connected to the corporations targeted .
The ruling was issued today and , although there are many aspects that deserve attention , I want to walk through what I think are by far the most dangerous and troubling implications of this rulingthose related to the First Amendment :
[ PDF of the SHAC appeal ruling ]
Supporting and facilitating non-violent civil disobedience is not protected speech .
As part of their campaign , SHAC supporters were emailed about " electronic civil disobedience . "
The email and message board posts included instructions on how electronically " sit in " on corporate web sites through emails , faxes and phone calls .
Now , one of the benchmarks in First Amendment law is what is called the Brandenburg standard .
It holds that even the most controversial and inflammatory speech is protected as long as it not likely to incite " imminent and lawless action . "
That is a very high threshold .
In this court ruling -- which , to the best of my knowledge and the attorneys I have spoken with is the first of its kind -- the written word can be construed as promoting , or resulting in , imminent and lawless action .
To put it more plainly : Vocally supporting civil disobedience , explaining what it involves , and encouraging / facilitating people to take part is not protected speech .
This is so important let me say it again , another way : People who write about civil disobedience and encourage people to take part can be found convicted of a crime even if they do not take part in the civil disobedience .
This has dangerous implications far beyond this case .
For instance , I wrote about the recent call by mainstream environmental groups for massive non-violent civil disobedience in defense of the environment .
Under this reasoning , organizers of that event who published a website are n't protected by the First Amendment .
[ UPDATE : One person had this question , so others might as well : I am not at all saying that simply endorsing civil disobedience is now not protected speech .
However , doing so and also facilitating civil disobedience is what the court ruled is not protected .
So in the example above , the organizers promoted civil disobedience , encouraged it , set up a website telling people where to go and when , and there were people involved to specifically support those arrested .
I think there is a very real danger of that type of conduct being affected by the reasoning presented in this ruling .
That is what I had meant by the headline and preceding points . ]
Fiery rhetoric is a " true threat " when illegal conduct has taken place in the same campaign .
Another measurement of whether speech is protected by the First Amendment is whether it is a true threat .
Throughout the appellate court ruling , the court argued that SHAC 's speech did , in fact , constitute a true threat .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
As some of the world ’s best - known auto brands stumble in the global downturn , the Chinese auto industry is again on the prowl for bargains .
This time , Beijing Automotive Industry Holding is moving to get a piece of Saab , striking a tentative accord on Sunday for the right to produce versions of the beleaguered Swedish manufacturer ’s older models in China .
The state - run Chinese company said in a statement on Monday that it would take over intellectual property for Saab ’s current 9 - 5 and 9 - 3 platforms and some equipment to make these models , Reuters reported .
If completed , people close to the negotiations said on Sunday , the deal would not prevent a separate buyout of all of Saab , a unit of General Motors that was left flailing after negotiations last month between G.M. and the high - end Swedish automaker Koenigsegg to buy it failed .
( Originally posted on Daily Kos . )
It 's a new year and many of us are thinking about new beginnings , resolving to be more involved in our communities , and re-committing to doing right by our neighbors .
And today , a group of organizations in Virginia is asking Gov. Tim Kaine to embody this New Year 's spirit by ending the state 's excessively harsh voter disfranchisement policy .
Right now in Virginia , approximately 300,000 people with past felony convictions who have finished their sentences — meaning they are not in prison and are not on probation or parole — are barred from voting for life because they have past felony convictions .
Only one other state ( Kentucky ) has such a punitive disfranchisement policy ; all other states have apparently realized that barring so many people from voting is just plain un -American .
Among these 300,000 disfranchised Virginians are people like Frank Anderson , whose story was reported recently in the Richmond Times - Dispatch .
Anderson volunteered for Gov. Kaine 's gubernatorial campaign , but when he applied for the restoration of his voting rights , his application was denied because he had several speeding tickets .
You see , to get your voting rights back in Virginia , you have to submit an individual application to the governor and can have " no convictions for violations of the law . "
Apparently , " this includes moving violations , such as speeding . "
If we kept everyone with a speeding ticket from voting , our voting booths would be perpetually empty .
Virginia 's disfranchisement law is a holdover from the Jim Crow era .
At the 1901 - 02 Virginia Constitutional Convention ( where felony disfranchisement laws were debated ) , one delegate explained : " This plan will eliminate the darkey as a political factor in this State in less than 5 years , so that in no single county … will there be the least concern felt for the complete supremacy of the white race in the affairs of government . "
The remnants of this racially - biased policy are still clear today .
While 6.8 percent of Virginia 's voting age population as a whole is disfranchised , 19.8 percent of the state 's African - American voting age population — approximately 200,000 individuals — is barred from voting .
As we enter this new decade , do we seriously believe that policies like these make us the land of the free and home of the brave ?
During his last weeks in office , Gov. Kaine can and should join the ranks of former Iowa Gov. Tom Vilsack and Florida Gov. Charlie Crist by using his executive power to expand democracy .
With the stroke of a pen , he can restore voting rights to all Virginians who have finished their sentences , and can put in place a process for automatically restoring rights to others who complete their sentences in the future .
Please contact Gov. Kaine and urge him to act now !
Több mint félezer megtévesztő vagy félrevezet ő KRESZ - tábláról küldtek fotót a közlekedők az ORFK táblavadász akciójára , amelynek keretében a rendőrök azt kérték : aki problémás jelzést lát az utak mellett , fotózza le , és küldje be .
Az ország minden pontjáról jöttek egy hónapon át a meglepő fotók a KRESZ - ben nem létező , házilag barkácsolt táblától az egymásnak homlokegyenest ellentmondó , vagy éppen egymásra ömlesztett jelzésekig .
Balatongyörökön kicsit sok közlekedési tábla jutott egy helyre
" Azt hittük , hogy nem is lesz bejelentés " - emlékezett az Országos Rendőr - főkapitányság ( ORFK ) Táblavadász akciójának elindítására Léber Gabriella , a Komárom megyei kapitányság szóvivője .
A főhadnagy és munkatársai azért nem vártak a megyében semmiféle bejelentést , mert a helyi közútkezelőkkel rendszeresen bejárják az összes utat , és mindig kijavítják az esetleges hibákat .
Így tettek legutóbb augusztusban is .
Gyalogosan behajtani tilos
Ennek ellenére az ország egyik legkisebb megyéjében 31 fotót beküldtek a közlekedők a megye legkülönbözőbb pontjairól .
26 helyről táblákkal kapcsolatos kifogás érkezett , öt helyen pedig forgalomszervezési problémákra hívták fel a rendőrök figyelmét .
Az eredmény : hét közlekedési táblát le kellett szedni , tizenhármat át kellett helyezni , hármat eltakart valami , míg szintén három alkalommal új táblát kellett kihelyezni .
Léber szerint a legérdekesebb eset az volt , amikor egy , a KRESZ - ben nem létező táblát gyártatott le valaki , és azt rakta ki .
Ez megtiltotta a gyalogosok és a kerékpárosok bemenetelét az utcába .
A városokban van a legtöbb probléma
Egy éve találták ki a Heves megyei rendőrök , hogy akciót indítanak a rosszul kirakott közlekedési táblák begy űjtésére ; annyi használható bejelentés érkezett , hogy az ORFK nemrég úgy döntött , " a probléma megoldását országos szintre is ki kell terjeszteni " - írták akkor az [ origo ] - nak .
A kezdeményezés lényege az volt , hogy a rendőrség októberben várta az autósok , kerékpárosok és gyalogosok fotóit a helyszín pontos megjelölésével az " indokolatlan , megtéveszt ő KRESZ - táblákról " .
Egyirányú utca , szembeforgalommal Budapesten
Az ORFK keddi közlése szerint 715 bejelentés érkezett a 19 megyei , és a budapesti rendőrkapitányságra , közülük 536 - at találtak vizsgálatra alkalmasnak .
A bejelentéseket minden megyében egy - egy bizottság vizsgálta , vagy vizsgálja , amelynek tagjai a rendőrök mellett a Nemzeti Közlekedési Hatóság és a Magyar Közútkezelő Kht. munkatársaiból állnak .
Kereszteződésben megállni tilos ( Pécs )
A feldolgozott fotók és szöveges észrevételek rendkívül sokfélék , de a legtöbb bejelentés az egymásnak ellentmondó , nagy tömegben egymásra hányt , indokolatlanul sebességet vagy megállást korlátozó , vagy éppen alig látható táblákra vonatkozott .
Általánosságban elmondható , hogy a legtöbb probléma az önkormányzatok kezelésében lévő utak mellett , vagyis a településeken belül kihelyezett jelzésekkel van .
A városi-falusi utak mellett két részre oszlik az ország közel 30 ezer kilométeres úthálózata : a településeket összekötő közutakra és az autópályákra .
Mindhárom úttípus esetében más felelőssége , hogy a táblákat megfelelően helyezzék ki és tartsák karban .
Oberling József , az ORFK közlekedésrendészeti osztályának vezetője a keddi sajtótájékoztatón emlékeztetett rá : sok esetben nem sikerült megtalálni az önkormányzatoknál a felelős személyeket .
" Fizikailag felfoghatatlan "
Nem meglepő módon a közel kétmilliós Budapesten találták a közlekedők a legtöbb kifogásolni valót , összesen 145 - öt .
Ami érdekes , hogy a fővárosiak tévedtek messze a legnagyobb arányban , a csaknem másfélszáz bejelentésből csak 63 - at talált egyáltalán vizsgálatra érdemesnek a BRFK közlekedésrendészeti főosztálya .
A vidéken fellelt problémákhoz képest ezek talán annyira nem is izgalmasak : szerintük a két legérdekesebb az volt , amikor egy tábla egyszerre figyelmeztetett egyirányú útra és a szembejövő forgalomra , míg egy tartóoszlopon a megengedett három helyett öt tábla volt .
Egyirányú utca Pécsett - mindkét irányból behajtani tilos
Ennél is nagyobb káosszal találkozhatott éveken át az , aki a 71 - es úton Balatongyöröknél autózott , itt ugyanis egy négyzetméteren belül , egymás hegyén - hátán hét különböz ő közlekedési tábla volt elhelyezve .
" Fizikailag felfoghatatlan mennyiségű " - minősítette az esetet Salamon Róbert , Zala megyei helyettes rendőrségi szóvivő .
Az egyik tábla kiütötte a másikat
Zalaegerszegen olyan érdekességet is lefotózott egy szemfüles helyi lakos , ahol egy mozgáskorlátozott - parkoló elején a várakozni tilos táblát nem a forgalom szerint arra haladók felé állították be , hanem a parkolót használók felé .
Salamonék szöveges kifogásokat is kaptak ; az egyik szerint volt olyan közlekedési lámpa Zalaegerszegen , amely csak pár másodpercig engedte a gyalogosoknak a zebrán való átkelést , aztán egyből pirosra váltott .
Azóta átprogramozták , ma már nem kell szaladniuk a gyalogosoknak .
Előbb a parkolók , utána a vonatkozó tábla Zalaegerszegen
Baranyában az egymásnak ellentmondó táblákból talált többet a 21 bejelentő .
A megyei rendőrség közlése szerint egy oszlopon együtt volt a stop tábla és a megállni tilos jelzés , míg máshol a kötelező haladási irány és a behajtani tilos tábla .
Békésben egy helyen várakozni tilos tábla mellett a kiegészítő tábla azt írta elő , hogy a garázsnál tilos parkolni , csakhogy azon az útszakaszon nem is volt egyetlen garázs sem - közölte Albert István hadnagy .
Békéscsabán több helyütt hónapok vagy akár évek óta indokolatlanul kint felejtett táblákat is fotóztak a közlekedők : vasutat és elsőbbségadás kötelező táblát nem létező vasúti átjárónál , és forgalmi rend változását ott , ahol már régen befejezték az útfelújítást .
Nem tetszett a forgalom mérete
Átlagosan a bejelentések 70 - 90 százalékát találták jogosnak a megyékben összeülő bizottságok .
Az elutasított kifogások már közel sem voltak olyan sokszínűek , mint az elfogadottak , amiből az következik , hogy az autósok országszerte ugyanazt találták - ha nem is jogosan - bosszantónak .
Szinte mindenhol a sebességkorlátozó , és a megállást tiltó táblákba kötöttek bele , igaz , volt olyan is , aki a pécsi autóforgalom méretével kapcsolatban küldött szöveges kifogást a megyei kapitányságra , mindhiába .
Titkos ajándék
Az akció meghirdetésekor az ORFK nem ígért senkinek semmiféle apró ajándékot ösztönzésképpen a fotókért cserébe , mint közölték " nem kell külön motiválni az embereket , hiszen akit zavar , bosszant egy ilyen jelleg ű probléma , szívesen elmondja azt , ha van , aki meghallgatja " .
Igazuk lett .
Ennek ellenére a fotókat beküldők egy része reménykedhet valamiben .
Néhány megyei rendőrségi szóvivő megsúgta , hogy " hivatalosan nem lesz ajándék , de azért a legérdekesebb vagy a legtöbb problémát elküld őnek adunk majd ajándékcsomagot decemberben .
De egyelőre ez titok " - közölték , úgyhogy az érintett megyéket mi sem írjuk le .
Továbbra is bejelenthetők a hibás táblák
Bár az akció véget ért , ahogy a kampány előtt , ezután is bejelenthetők a megtévesztő vagy más szempontból problémás jelzőtáblák az adott közút kezelőjének .
A rendőrség is csak jelezni tudja feléjük a hibákat - ha valaki úgy gondolja , a rendőrség felszólítása hatásosabb a közvetlen állampolgári bejelentésnél , itt találja a megyei kapitányságok elérhet őségeit .
Before my parents immigrated to Canada close to four decades ago , my mom was convinced that one of the benefits of living in Canada was the amount of cow 's milk that was available .
Back in Korea , moms , dads , and grandparents of all ages were sure that their babies and grandchildren could be bigger , stronger , and healthier if they could only have easy access to milk .
That generation 's belief in the remarkable health value of milk was most probably rooted in their admiration for the physical strength and healthful appearances of American soldiers who were stationed at military bases around the country following the Korean war .
While Korean soldiers ate rice , kim chee , and den jang ( miso ) soup for breakfast , American soldiers enjoyed milk , cereal , toast , bacon , and eggs .
It was natural for many Koreans to conclude that the difference in size and strength was due to the foods that Americans ate .
In much the same way that American influence caused baseball to become wildly popular in Korea , milk became a symbol of all things bigger and better in the land of the morning calm .
I was born one year after my parents immigrated to Toronto , Canada .
My mom chose not to breastfeed me because she was sure that cow 's milk would be far better for my health and future .
She was just one of many millions of people around the world who considered milk to be the ultimate health food .
Today , the number of people around the world who consider milk to be a healthy food choice is most probably in the billions .
True , there are groups and communities - particularly in the natural health field - who are well aware of the many health challenges that are associated with eating dairy products , but there is no denying that a large percentage of the world 's population still believes that milk does a body good .
Heck , if Dr. Phil is going to appear in ads wearing a milk mustache , how can the general public believe otherwise ?
Here are some important facts that you should know about most varieties of milk that are widely available in grocery stores :
Most varieties of milk come from cows that are fed high - protein soybean meal and growth hormones to increase production .
Both increase a cow 's risk of developing mastitis , liver problems , and pituitary gland problems , leading to frequent doses of antibiotics .
Clearly , regular exposure to synthetic growth hormone and antibiotic residues is not congruent with experiencing your best health .
Conventional milk is pasteurized , a process that exposes milk to high temperatures and results in the following : Denaturing of milk proteins , making them less usable and even harmful to your body
Destruction of enzymes , one of which is phosphatase , an enzyme that helps your body properly absorb the calcium found in milk
Destruction of vitamins B12 , B6 , and C
Destruction of friendly bacteria
Many varieties of milk are homogenized .
Homogenization is a process that forces healthy fat in milk through a fine straining device , which allows homogenized milk to be consistent in texture and taste rather than have globules of fat float to the surface .
The problem with homogenization is that it can alter healthy fat and cholesterol in milk in a way that leaves them more susceptible to forming free radicals .
Milk can be a healthy food choice if it meets the following criteria :
It comes from old - fashioned cows like Jerseys and Guernseys , not modern Holsteins that have been bred to produce such large quantities of milk that they typically have pituitary gland problems that result in large amounts of hormones being present in their milk .
It comes from cows that have been allowed to eat foods that are natural to them : grass when it is available , and green feed , silage , hay and root vegetables during colder months .
It is not pasteurized .
Pasteurization was first used in the 1920s to kill micro organisms that caused tuberculosis and other diseases that were related to unsanitary production methods .
With modern day controls in place to ensure clean and safe production , transportation , and storage of milk , the disadvantages of pasteurization far outweigh the advantages .
It is not homogenized .
Realmilk.com is a website that provides more information on what constitutes healthy milk and where to find it .
Even if you can find a local source of healthy milk , it 's possible that it may not be a healthy choice for you .
Many people are unable to properly digest milk because they lack an enzyme called lactase , necessary to break down lactose , the natural sugar in milk .
Many people have a difficult time digesting casein , a major protein found in milk .
Ongoing exposure to casein that is not properly broken down is strongly associated with chronic ear infections , nasal congestion , acne , eczema , a variety of autoimmune illnesses , and even cancer .
Fermenting or souring healthy milk to form yogurt , kefir , and clabber helps to breakdown lactose and predigest casein , making these foods healthy choices for some people .
Please keep in mind that many brands of yogurt and kefir are made with unhealthy milk .
At the very least , you should make sure that store - bought yogurt and kefir are made from organic milk .
Butter contains very little lactose and casein , which makes it an acceptable food choice for some people - it 's best to use varieties that are made with organic , unpasteurized dairy .
Cheese is highly concentrated with casein , so should only be eaten by those who do n't show signs of intolerance to casein .
It is best to eat cheeses made from healthy milk , and to completely avoid processed cheese which contains hydrogenated oils and harmful emulsifiers , extenders , and phosphates .
Please note :
The guidelines in this article can be used to choose healthy goat's and sheep 's milk and their derivatives .
For more information on milk and milk products , I recommend that you read Nourishing Traditions , by Sally Fallon , or visit realmilk.com .
When Harold Ford Jr's name began cropping up as someone who may run for the U.S. Senate seat from New York , challenging Kirsten Gillibrand in the Democratic primary , many of us knew it was only a matter of time before this DLC snake would set about re-inventing himself as somehow palatable to a more liberal audience .
Though Ford has not formally announced his intentions seem clear .
The Albany Project has the details :
Well , that did n't take long : per the NY Post 's Fred Dicker , Harold Ford Jr. now supports marriage equality .
" He supports gay marriage , in the interest of fairness and equality , " Ford spokesman Davidson Goldin told The Post .
Ford backed up that statement himself this morning on the " Today Show . "
Host Matt Lauer asked , " So you 're now in favor of same sex marriage ? "
" Civil unions and same - sex marriage , yes , " Ford said .
The dexterity of this switch in positions would make any garden snake proud .
Apple is reportedly in negotiations with Microsoft to replace the default search engine in mobile Safari on the iPhone with Bing .
Those negotiations may even result in Bing being added as one of the search engine options for the desktop version of Safari , according to a report by BusinessWeek .
Google is the current default on both platforms — and would likely remain a user option — though increasing contention between Apple and Google may be the reason behind a possible switch .
Apple and Google have long been collaborators and partners , with Google CEO Eric Schmidt sitting on Apple 's board of directors until recently .
Schmidt gave up his position amid an FTC investigation and increasing competition between the two companies .
" Apple and Google know the other is their primary enemy , " one anonymous source said .
In addition to competing in mobile smartphone platforms and cloud services , Google plans to launch its own operating system , dubbed " Chrome OS " for its heavy reliance on Web - based applications .
Meanwhile , Apple has acquired its own mapping software company and a mobile advertising firm .
Apple also acquired music streaming service Lala , which shortly before the acquisition had inked a deal to provide content for Google 's new music search results .
Furthermore , both Google and Apple have been at odds recently over questionable rejections of Google 's iPhone apps .
Apple rejected a native version of Google Latitude on the grounds that users might " confuse " Latitude with the native Maps application , forcing Google to release a Web - based version .
That news was followed days later with word that Apple rejected a native version of Google Voice , again citing possible user confusion with the native phone dialer .
Apple also removed all previous Google Voice clients from the App Store , sparking an FCC investigation .
Frenemies ?
Though Apple and Microsoft have also dealt with their fair share of bitter rivalry — plenty of Apple 's " Get a Mac " ads poke fun at Windows — they also have a history of collaboration .
Microsoft provided a BASIC runtime for Apple II computers , and Microsoft first launched Excel on the original Mac OS .
When Steve Jobs returned to Apple in 1997 , he worked a deal with Microsoft to invest in Apple and continue making Mac versions of Microsoft Office in exchange for making Internet Explorer the default browser on shipping Macs .
Eventually Microsoft divested its interest in Apple , and IE for Mac was supplanted by Safari .
Yet , to this day , Microsoft 's Mac Business Unit continues to produce Office and other Mac software .
Microsoft has often been seen as Apple 's enemy , though that would n't preclude a search deal with the company .
" If you have to do a deal with the devil , you might as well deal with the devil that needs you most , " Forrester Research analyst James McQuivey told BusinessWeek .
A deal to make Bing the default search engine could mean a big boost to Bing 's overall penetration — Google now accounts for about 86 percent of mobile searches versus Bing 's 11 percent .
CNBC reports that the Bing iPhone app is already driving a much higher volume of mobile searches than the $ 500 million deal to make Bing the default search on all Verizon Wireless handsets .
And Microsoft may be willing to pay Apple a handsome sum to supplant Google as the default , which could drive more search ad revenue Microsoft 's way .
However , Oppenheimer analyst Yair Reiner is n't convinced ditching Google for Microsoft is necessarily the best course of action .
" Cozying up to Microsoft could bring more risk than reward , not least because it would clash with the Mac vs. PC campaign and the Apple brand identity that has coalesced around it , " Reiner wrote in a note to investors .
Still , even if Apple and Microsoft are able to strike a Bing - on - iPhone deal , Apple may have its own search solution up its sleeve .
A source for BusinessWeek said that Apple has a " skunk works " to build its own search , and that a deal for Bing is merely " buying itself time . "
While Apple relied heavily on Google for features of the iPhone when it first launched , including browser search , Maps , and YouTube , it recognizes that mobile advertising — heavily connected to search — will play a key role in the future of mobile platforms .
" Apple is n't going to outsource the future , " the source said .
Apple today did n’t introduce just a new product , but rather an entrance into the world of fabless semiconductors with their A4 CPU , which is not a CPU at all .
Meet the A4 .
During the GlobalFoundries event in Las Vegas , we spoke with Warren East , CEO of ARM .
We discussed many trends in the industry and also learned about the new member of the family , which we can now reveal as the Apple Inc .
This was n’t as surprising , given the previous history between PA Semi and ARM [ PA Semi founder Dan Dobberpuhl was a lead designer at Digital Equipment Corporation on Alpha and StrongARM processors ] .
Getting back to Apple A4 , Steve Jobs incorrectly addressed Apple A4 as a CPU .
We ’re not sure was this to keep the mainstream press enthused , but A4 is not a CPU .
Or we should say , it ’s not just a CPU .
Nor did PA Semi / Apple had anything to do with the creation of the CPU component .
A4 is a System - on - a- Chip , or SOC , that integrates the main processor [ ARM Cortex - A9 , identical to ones used in n Vidia Tegra and Qualcomm Snapdragon ] with graphics silicon [ ARM Mali GPU ] , and other functions like the memory controller on one piece of silicon – not unlike what Intel is trying to achieve with its future “ Moorestown ” Atom processor that debuted inside LG ’s Smartphone .
The A in A4 obviously stands for Apple
And the difference between the Samsung processor inside the iPhone 3Gs and A4 is the clockspeed and the core type .
A4 runs at 1GHz while the chip on iPhone 3Gs works clocked to 0,6GHz .
This is one of main reasons why iPad can deliver a lively interface compared to stale iPhone one .
So yes , PA Semi / Apple chip is actually mostly ARM IP .
This is quite a logical step to do , given that this is first new piece of silicon that came from PA Semi after the acquisition in April 2008 .
We ’ll see if future iterations will have more Apple IP than ARMs , but somehow we doubt it .
ARM is the pervasive force in the world of mobile chips , as witnessed by many new players on the market .
We could even conclude that Apple logically followed what nVidia had done with their own SoC , Tegra , followed Qualcomm with their Snapdragon , Samsung with their own Cortex - A9 core at 1GHz .
BTW , as a small comment – is n’t it interesting how everybody is clocking the A9 core to 1GHz [ n Vidia , Qualcomm , Samsung , Texas Instruments ] ?
This is due to the thermal sweetspot of the core , given that the maximum achievable clock of 1.3 GHz comes with a significant thermal penalty .
Similar SOC chip architecture is already used in the iPhone and other smartphones , such as Google ’s Nexus One and Motorola ’s Droid , as well as the upcoming tablets and smartbook / netbooks such as the ICD Vega and Ultra or Lenovo ’s Skybook .
During the Apple event in San Francisco – the A4 was described as “ the most advanced chip ” Apple has done yet .
While fast , it ’s also good at managing the power , thanks to advanced process manufacturing at Samsung .
BTW , do expect that GlobalFoundries just may bag Apple as a customer due to their industrial lead on 28nm and next - generation ARM processors .
Remember where you read that first .
“ The A4 chip is so power efficient that it helps iPad get up to 10 hours of battery life , ” according to Apple ’s venerable CEO , Mr. Steve Jobs .
Steve Jobs also called iPad the “ best [ Web ] browsing experience you ’ve ever had .
A whole Web page right in front of you that you can manipulate with your fingers .
Way better than a laptop , ” in a video of the event streamed by CNET .
That browsing experience will mainly depend on the chip ’s ability to handle the background tasks as future iPad user accesses different images or videos .
We might ad “ true , for as long as you do n’t visit flash laden sites . ”
For us , it is very interesting to see that EE Times was banned from covering Apple ’s launch event due to this story .
Then again , given that Steve Jobs controls the information in a manner very similar to Goebbels and punishes the non-biased members of the media , we ’re not surprised .
EE
Times broke many stories in relation to Apple .
Here at BSN * , we broke the Mac Tax and now revealed the A4 [ A “ Mali ” GPU and ARM Cortex - A9 CPU core – is that really Apple IP or just a LEGO approach to building an ASIC ? ] , so we do n’t expect to be allowed into future Apple events either .
Update # 1 , January 28 , 2010 22:22 GMT / UTC – Following the request for comments , we were incline to update the story .
First of all , we do not have concrete information about the number of cores inside the Apple A4 “ CPU that it is n’t ” i.e. A4 SOC .
We were told that the ARM licensed its CPU and GPU technology to Apple .
That ’s it .
Out of that technology , Cortex - A9 is intended for manufacturing in advanced manufacturing process such as 45nm , 40nm , 28nm and so on , similar to the processors that are pushing slot machines , while Cortex - A8 does n’t have advanced video processing capabilities that Cortex - A9 has .
As the time progresses , we ’ll know more about what LEGO brick components did Apple use to create the A4 .
One thing is certain – it uses ARM IP throughout the silicon .
Do n’t shoot the messenger .
Editor ’s note : John Oram from Sacramento and Theo Valich in San Diego contributed to reporting .
Original Author : Daniela Kustre
I suppose I could start this article off with a tirade on how frustrating Adobe Flash is .
But , I believe the phrase “ preaching to the choir ” would apply .
I ’ve got a two socket , 16 - thread , 3GHz , Nehalem Mac Pro as my main workstation .
I have an EVGA GeForce GTX 285 in there .
It ’s fast .
It ’s connected to a 30 ” monitor , running at its native resolution of 2560 x 1600 .
The machine is fast enough to do things I ’m not smart or talented enough to know how to do .
But the one thing it ca n’t do is play anything off of Hulu in full screen without dropping frames .
This is n’t just a Mac issue , it ’s a problem across all OSes and systems , regardless of hardware configuration .
Chalk it up to poor development on Adobe ’s part or ... some other fault of Adobe ’s , but Flash playback is extremely CPU intensive .
Today , that ’s about to change .
Adobe has just released a preview of Flash 10.1 ( the final version is due out next year ) for Windows , OS X and Linux .
While all three platforms feature performance enhancements , the Windows version gets H.264 decode acceleration for flash video using DXVA ( OS X and Linux are out of luck there for now ) .
The same GPU - based decode engines that are used to offload CPU decoding of Blu-rays can now be used to decode H.264 encoded Flash video .
NVIDIA also let us know that GPU acceleration for Flash animation is coming in a future version of Flash .
To get the 10.1 pre-release just go here .
NVIDIA recommends that you uninstall any existing versions of flash before installing 10.1 but I ’ve found that upgrading works just as well .
What Hardware is Supported ?
As I just mentioned , Adobe is using DXVA to accelerate Flash video playback , which means you need a GPU that properly supports DXVA2 .
From NVIDIA that means anything after G80 ( sorry , GeForce 8800 GTX , GTS 640/320 MB and Ultra owners are out of luck ) .
In other words anything from the GeForce 8 series , 9 series or GeForce GT / GTX series , as well as their mobile equivalents .
The only exceptions being those G80 based parts I just mentioned .
Anything based on NVIDIA ’s ION chipset is also supported , which will be the foundation of some of our tests today .
AMD supports the following :
- ATI Radeon ™ HD 4000 , HD 5700 and HD 5800 series graphics
- ATI Mobility Radeon ™ HD 4000 series graphics ( and higher )
- ATI Radeon ™ HD 3000 integrated graphics ( and higher )
- ATI FirePro™ V3750 , V5700 , V7750 , V8700 and V8750 graphics accelerators ( and later )
It ’s a healthy list of supported GPUs from both camps , including integrated graphics .
The only other requirement is that you have the latest drivers installed .
I used 195.50 from NVIDIA and Catalyst 9.10 from AMD .
( Update : The Release Notes now indicate Catalyst 9.11 drivers are required , which would explain our difficulties in testing .
ATI just released Catalyst 9.11 but we 're having issues getting GPU acceleration to work , waiting on a response from AMD now )
Intel ’s G45 should , in theory , work .
We tested it on a laptop for this article and since the acceleration is DXVA based , anything that can offload H.264 decode from the CPU using DXVA ( like G45 ) should work just fine .
As you ’ll see however , our experiences were n’t exactly rosy .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
BMW Sauber was the third Formula 1 team to show off its new challenger for the 2010 season on Sunday , with the unveiling of the C29 at the Valencia circuit .
The car , which will be powered by Ferrari engines this season , is the first machine from the Swiss squad following the exit of BMW from the sport at the end of 2009 .
Peter Sauber , who sold his team to BMW in 2005 , is now back in charge of the Hinwil - based squad following the German car maker 's exit .
The team 's place on the grid for 2010 was in doubt before Sauber re-took control of the team and Toyota confirmed it was leaving Formula 1 , opening up a slot for the Swiss outfit .
The new C29 , which sports a shark fin similar to the one used by McLaren in its new car , will be driven by Pedro de la Rosa and Kamui Kobayashi .
" The last few months have been very intense for us , " said Sauber .
" First we had to battle to secure the survival of the team and then we focused on putting a strong set - up in place for the future .
" The technical preparation of the 2010 car has continued uninterrupted and according to plan since the spring of 2009 , despite all the turmoil .
We have a long tradition of bringing together an up - and - coming youngster and an experienced campaigner as a driver combination - and it's an approach that has brought us a lot of success .
" Pedro has been working at the highest level technically for many years and for a top team , and we can benefit as a team from this experience .
Young Kamui also has a lot to offer us , and last year he impressed me particularly in Abu Dhabi . "
Sauber 's car retains similar colours to those used during the BMW era , but with more white space due to the lack of sponsors .
De la Rosa returns to racing after seven years as McLaren 's test driver .
" At last I can feel like a proper racing driver again , " he said .
" I 've really missed the competition out on the track .
At the same time , though , I 've learned a lot technically and on the systems side , and now I want to bring that knowledge to the team . "
Kobayashi , who made his Formula 1 debut late last year with Toyota , added : " I 'm very proud that Peter Sauber has shown so much faith in me and I 'm determined not to disappoint him .
My aim is that he will end up being proud of me as well . "
Sauber will begin running with the C29 tomorrow , when pre-season testing kicks off at the Ricardo Tormo circuit .
Technical director Willy Rampf said the car has been designed using the experience gathered last year , when the team struggled for performance .
" The development of the BMW Sauber C29 has seen the team build on the experience gained last year and the improvement in performance over the final third of the season , " Rampf said .
" However , the new regulations banning refuelling during the race and stipulating a reduced width for the front tyres have required significant changes to the car 's design . "
The Decade of Latin America
Young Cuban volunteer teaching reading and writing to a poor woman in the countryside .
Cuba ’s National Literacy Campaign was begun in 1960 and involved 120,000 volunteers .
Counterrevolutionaries were still hiding in the hills and , with the help of the CIA , they set out to terrorize and in some instances killed young volunteers .
It was not long before Cuba could boast of a 97 % literacy rate which is even higher today .
Published : Sunday , January 03 , 2010
Bylined to : Emir Sader
Emir Sader // The Decade of Latin America
Emir Sader : The 1990s was the worst that America has ever lived .
The debt crisis — with its consequences : IMF , letters of intent , tax adjustments , etc… — Military dictatorships opened the way for it to impose neoliberal governments in almost every continent .
We became the world region with the greatest amount of neoliberal governments and their more radical procedures .
The responsiveness of Latin America has proven its ability to dramatically reverse this situation : we become the region that concentrates governments elected by the rejection of neoliberalism , which houses regional integration processes irrespective of the USA , which promotes innovative ways of integrating out the mercantile .
Latin American leaders such as Lula , Hugo Chavez , Evo Morales , Rafael Correa , among others , are regarded internationally for their ability to embody the needs of their people .
Bolivia , Ecuador and Venezuela have joined Cuba , with countries that — according to UNESCO — ended illiteracy .
Countries that have opted for regional integration and not by free trade treaties , have expanded their economies , distributed income , advanced social rights of the population , notably extended the market for popular consumption , diversified trade and have significantly increased trade between them .
In the past decade , Latin America had been reduced to insignificance .
Subordinate rulers — Menem , Fujimori , FHC , Carlos Andres Perez , Carlos Salinas de Gortari — had mechanically applied the same neo-liberal model , weakened the state , the sovereignty and the national economies .
The governments of countries that had assumed the neoliberal program did not bother anyone , had reduced our states to subsequent losers of globalization , cheering at the expense of further deterioration of the situation of the peoples of our countries .
The first decade of the new century sees a new America , with the largest number of progressive governments that the continent has ever had .
With regional integration processes strengthened — Alba to Mercosur , the South Bank of UNASUR , the South American Security Council to the Mercosur , among other initiatives .
Operation Miracle was developed , which has been used to restore the sight of more than 2 million people , who otherwise would not have been able to regain their sight .
They formed new generations of doctors for the poor in the best social medicine of the world — the Cuban — in the Latin American School of Medicine .
The economic crises of the previous decade , typical of neoliberalism , which weakened the capacity of national defense to speculative capital , which promoted , among many other crises , from Mexico in 1994 , Brazil 1999 and Argentina in 2001 - 02 , devastated the economies of those countries .
Cardoso ’s Brazil left a country long and deep in recession for Lula , who has had to overcome the crisis with economic development policies .
In the end , Latin American countries that participate in the processes of regional integration — especially Brazil , Bolivia , Uruguay , Ecuador — overcame the crisis unleashed by the core countries of capitalism , which are still in recession that is to be extended further for a good time .
They revealed their capacity to diversify foreign trade , to intensify intra-regional trade and then expanding the market for popular consumption .
Latin America shows the world today its face — imposed by the predominance of progressive governments — a continent in economic expansion , proclaiming its sovereignty — in economic , political and regional security — improving the social situation of the people , strengthening international policies involved in decisions on major global issues .
It was , without doubt , this first decade of the century , the decade in Latin America , which projects into the second decade an example of the struggle to overcome neoliberalism with the construction of something fairer and more compassionate .
http://english.pravda.ru/world/americas/
01-01-2010/111536-decadelatinanerica-0
Welcome to Cheap Seeds !
FREE SHIPPING on all seed orders .
Shipping is lightning fast and completely free - no hidden handling charges .
Cheap Seeds is the place to come for affordable prices on Flower seeds and high seeds counts .
We sell high - quality flower seeds that will last at least one year - you can plant them now or next year .
Everything except greenhouses and accessories come with a 30 - day money back guarantee .
The Greenhouses have a 5 year warranty from the manufacturer .
If you dont love your flower seeds , send them back for a full refund .
FREE flower seeds !
Buy 5 packets of seeds and you will receive one FREE packet of 7,700 Gloriosa Daisy seeds .
It s automatic - you do nothing , we send you free seeds .
If you re looking for an affordable way to plant a garden , you need Cheap Seeds .
For less than the price of one plant from a nursery , you can have more than 1,000 perennial plants .
You can seed an entire garden with one $ 3 flower seed packet from Cheap Seeds .
Have questions about gardening ?
We can help !
Every page of Cheap Seeds contains a link to Ask a Gardener .
Simply send in your questions and get a personal response .
It s the best , most personal customer service youll find on any gardening site .
Take a look through our huge collection of seeds .
At Cheap Seeds , there are more than 80 types of flower seeds to choose from .
Every flower seed packet we sell is bursting with seeds .
Unlike our competitors , most of our flower seed packets have more than 1,000 seeds .
While the competition is selling packets of 25 or 50 seeds , our packets have as many as 44,000 flower seeds .
That s enough to seed an entire garden and to share with friends and family !
We sell the best flower seeds , but we have plenty more to offer .
Our MailWraps magnetic mailbox covers are perfect for gardeners who want to add a welcoming statement to their front yard !
We have flower , wildlife , insect , bird , cat , dog , and holiday Mail Wraps to choose from .
We now sell Greenhouses and accessories too .
You get $ 50 worth of seeds and a free galvanized potting bench with every greenhouse purchase .
Please take some time to look around our site .
We 're sure you 'll find something you like !
Thanks for looking .
Jeff
Here are a few emails received from our customers .
Jeff , I received my flower seeds today and I am so pleased .
Thank you for the free shasta daisy package !!
What a pleasure it is to deal with someone who is reliable , with quick and personal service that is so often lacking today .
You are appreciated !!
Linda H
Jeff : I am so impressed by how quick the flower seeds arrived !
Thank you so much for the planting instructions for the blanketflowers and the free black eyed susan seeds .
I will be checking your website often to see what 's new .
Sincerely ,
Linda C
Sir Dahlberg ,
The flower seeds that I purchased previously are absolutely beautiful .
The lil red corn poppies and such are stunning .
Looking forward to the completion of this transaction with you !
Thanks .
Thanks ,
Chris
Good morning Jeff ,
Thank you so much for sending those flower seeds along so quickly .
I have a check for $ 52.00 on my desk for you to send out this morning , to the address that was on the package .
Thank you again for the help , and great idea , we are thrilled to have this taken care of and off the list .
Much appreciated .
Sincerely ,
Sarah
Just thought you would like to know that the poppies and the other seeds I bought have started to sprout and seem to like growing in Iraq .
Thanks again .
Mike
" Mike was stationed in Iraq when he bought the flower seeds . "
Thank you .
Jeff
Bless your heart for trusting someone you do n't know .......
I will send payment immediately upon arrival .
I have been in the landscaping business for 20 + years .
Sincerely ,
Laurel M
I had to write to tell you how wonderfull my garden looks with all the rain we got and the wonderful help that was provided from you .
It 's awesome .
My catchfly is stunning , my bachelor button are amazing .... purple likeI have never seen .
Well I could go on and on .
My daisys are starting to bloom and I can't wait to see what blooms next .
So if you ever need anyone to verify your SEEDS you got my vote .
Nice web page too .
Thank you ,
Teresa .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The number of U.S. workers newly applying for unemployment benefits unexpectedly rose last week and regional manufacturing slipped in January , hinting at some slowing in the pace of economic recovery .
A woman waits to meet a job recruiter at the NYCHires Job Fair in New York , December 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
The Labor Department said on Thursday initial claims for state unemployment benefits rose 36,000 to 482,000 last week as a backlog of applications from the holidays was processed .
It was the third straight week that claims rose .
Analysts had expected new claims to slip to 440,000 .
Separate data showed factory activity in the Mid-Atlantic region slowed in January to a three - month low , while a gauge of economic prospects scaled a record high last month .
“ The recovery of the U.S. economy continues , but it ’s at a slower pace than we have seen at the end of 2009 .
The biggest problem is companies remain reluctant to expand their capacities , which is weighing on the labor market , ” said Harm Bandholz , an economist at Unicredit Research in New York .
Analysts believe the U.S. economy grew at an annual pace of between 4 and 5 percent in the fourth quarter , accelerating from the 2.2 percent rate seen in the July - September period .
The jobless data and plans by U.S. President Barack Obama to curb risk - taking by banks pressured U.S. stocks .N and enhanced the safe - haven allure of Treasury debt < US / >.
There are fears the measures will limit bank profits .
The Dow Jones industrial average .
DJI and the Standard & Poor 's 500 index .SPX suffered their biggest one - day drops since October .
The U.S. dollar tumbled against the yen < USD />.
The Labor Department said the jump in initial claims for jobless aid last week was administrative and not economic .
Analysts , however , argued the rise suggested the figures for prior weeks had been understated , though that did not alter the labor market ’s course toward stability and job growth at least by March .
PREVIOUS CLAIMS UNDERSTATED
“ That implies claims in previous weeks were understated so the reduction in new jobless claims between December and January is not as extreme as had been thought , ” said Pierre Ellis , senior economist at Decision Economics in New York .
“ But with lay - offs diminishing , the labor market is still gradually healing . ”
The claims data covered the survey week for the Labor Department ’s closely watched payrolls report for January , due on February 5 .
Employers unexpectedly cut 85,000 jobs last month .
Labor market weakness remains a major obstacle to the recovery , which started in the third quarter of 2009 following the longest and deepest downturn since the 1930s .
Analysts were not too troubled by the drop in the Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank ’s business activity index to 15.2 this month as orders fell .
The index , which measures factory activity in the Mid-Atlantic region , hit a 4 - 1/ 2 - year high of 22.5 in December .
Markets had expected the index to come in at 18.0 .
A reading above zero indicates growth in the region ’s manufacturing .
The survey ’s employment index hit its highest since February 2008 .
“ The data still point to growth in activity this month , and we do n’t see any need to significantly alter our view that the factory sector is shifting from being on the mend to steady expansion , ” said Omair Sharif , an economist at RBS in Stamford , Connecticut .
Bolstering views the recovery remains intact , the Conference Board , a business research group , said its index of leading economic indicators rose 1.1 percent to an all - time high of 106.4 last month .
Although the Labor Department report also showed the four - week moving average of new jobless claims , a measure of underlying trends , snapped a 19 - week trend of declines last week , it remains below the 450,000 level that analysts say indicates stability in the labor market .
“ Conditions are still improving .
It might be only a few months before the economy generates sustained gains in employment , ” said Paul Ashworth , senior U.S. economist at Capital Economics in Toronto .
The number of workers still collecting benefits after an initial week of aid fell to its lowest since January 2009 .
The drop probably reflected people exhausting unemployment benefits rather than a pick - up in hiring .
There were 5.9 million people receiving extended benefits under special programs at the beginning of January .
Right - Wing Populism
Tea Parties , Right - Wing Populism , & Scapegoating
Tea Parties , Town Hall Protests , Glenn Beck posing as the Rev. Martin Luther
King , Jr.?
What 's going on here ?
Robert Reich explains :
Make no mistake :
Angry right - wing populism lurks just below the surface of the terrible American economy , ready to be launched not only at Obama but also at liberals , intellectuals , gays , blacks , Jews , the mainstream media , coastal elites , crypto-socialists , and any other potential target of paranoid opportunity .
White Nationalism , Economic Fears , & Gender Anxiety :
Using Social Movement Theory with a Race , Gender , & Class Lens
Progressives need to understand the complex dynamics on the Political Right , from Palin Republicans , to Tea Parties and other right - wing populists , to armed citizens militias , to ultra-rightists and neonazis .
It is up to progressive forces to engage in counter - recruitment that recognizes the real anger and fear of many middle - class and working - class White people , but redirects it toward constructive societal outcomes .
This is not about attempting to recruit active leaders and activists already firmly involved in the Tea Party movement , but about challenging the Tea Partiers for the allegiance of millions of Americans angry at the status quo and justifiably fearful about their future .
How did the Tea Party Movement Emerge ?
In 2009 , the Tea Bag and Town Hall protestors , spawned as astroturf , morphed into a constellation of actual grassroots right - wing populist movements .
Election 2010 Editorial from PRA
Election 2010 Analysis from PRA
Useful Articles
Taking Tea Partiers Seriously .
Cover story in February Progressive magazine by Chip Berlet .
Background
Chip 's paper for the UC Berkeley Seminar on the Tea Parties
Tea Party Nationalism study by Burghart & Zeskind for NAACP
Take Action : Handouts
Significant Recent Critical Essays
Chip Berlet 's Series on the Tea Bag Movement & Right - Wing Populism
Video & Audio Resources
More Details About the Tea Parties
More Resources
Take Action !
The anxieties of the Tea Partiers are not just about the economy , but also anger at dark - skinned immigrants , Muslims , gay marriage , abortion , and a liberal Black man in the White House .
Progressives need to stand up and push back .
Sectors of the Right
The Patriot Movement
Tea Parties
Armed Citizen Militias
Constitutionalists
John Birch Society
Alex Jones
Jim Marrs
Other Right - Wing Backlash Movements
Tactics , Strategies , & Coalitions
Efffective Research Techniques & Resources
Why I Don't Check Voicemail Anymore
Also , it 's 2010 .
Do you think we can replace the electronic mailbox voice to something a little more human sounding ?
Alt - Text :
If I was n't so anxious to yell at Jim for leaving such a pointless message , I would n't call him back .
First of all , this is not a referendum on Obama or Washington .
This is about local infighting in the Massachusetts Democratic Party , plain and simple .
In this particular race , there has been a great deal of conflict between the Democratic insiders in Western Mass and the Democratic insiders in Boston .
During the primary , Western Mass backed Martha Coakley ( who is from Western Mass ) because her primary opponent , Mike Capuano , a current U.S. House Rep from Somerville , was from Somerville not Western Mass .
According to my mom , the Western Mass Democrats got a lot more momentum in the primary because no one in Boston believed that Capuano could lose .
Western Mass turned out , Boston and vicinity did not .
Mom says Capuano would probably have won easily had he not lost the primary ( he never has a serious challenge when he runs for his House seat ) .
Coakley , on the other hand , not only dropped the ball as everyone knows , but no politicians in Boston wanted their names associated with her after she won the primary .
My mom is n't high enough up the chain to know why this is ( or maybe she is holding out on me because she does n't want anyone to read this and recognize her dishing the inside scoop - she is old school and thinks she should n't be talking publicly about this ) .
As the race went on , she ( mom ) asked around as to why she had n't been called out to phone bank , check lists of registered voters , etc , for the campaign as usual .
She was told " we 're not backing anyone " by " someone on the committee " ( she is not telling me what committee because this blogging thing is making her uneasy ) .
Menino never backed her publicly ( " Do n't name names ! " says mom .
" Everyone knows he 's the mayor ! " I say ) .
He never backed her secretly either , the machine was not turned out for Coakley .
" Nobody likes her " says mom .
What she means is , Coakley had no friends in politics .
The Democrats in Massachusetts let this happen because - " I do n't know " says mom .
Maybe they were n't about to let Western Mass manipulate them .
Maybe it all comes down to nothing more than who is friends with whom .
All Scott Brown did was see an opportunity and turn it to his advantage .
There is no deeper national implication .
This is not a death knell for the Democratic party or Obama .
This is a story of a domestic spat between " parochial divisions " in Massachsetts .
The proverbial house divided among itself , fell .
UPDATE : Rec List !
Thank you everyone , for listening to my mom's perspective .
UPDATE #2
A number of commenters are taking serious issue with the Western Mass / Eastern Mass thing .
Mom did mention that this happens all the time , but after the primary everyone usually comes together .
The coming together just did n't happen this time .
Whether you accept that analysis as reasonable or not , one thing is certain .
She did n't get called to campaign like she does for every other local , statewide , or national campaign .
The machine volunteers did not deploy from Boston .
That does n't mean that there was only one factor .
As some have suggested , this was a " perfect storm . "
This campaign fell apart in many different ways - it was n't just one thing .
But it all goes hand in hand .
And one more thing :
This is my mom .
She is not " part of the problem . "
She is a tireless volunteer who has been working for decades to staff the polls , process voter registration lists , phone bank , travel to neighboring states for the national elections , and anything else she is called upon to do .
As hostile as it gets around here somtimes , moms should be off limits !
Insult me , but not my mom !
SANTO DOMINGO , Dominican Republic 
A fierce earthquake struck Haiti late Tuesday afternoon , causing a crowded hospital to collapse , leveling countless shantytown dwellings and bringing even more suffering to a nation that was already the hemisphere ’s poorest and most disaster - prone .
The earthquake , the worst in the region in more than 200 years , left the country in a shambles .
As night fell in Port - au - Prince , Haiti ’s capital , fires burned near the shoreline downtown , but otherwise the city fell into darkness .
The electricity was out , telephones were not working and relief workers struggled to make their way through streets blocked by rubble .
In the chaos , it was not possible for officials to determine how many people had been killed and injured , but they warned that the casualties could be substantial .
The physical toll was easier to assess .
The headquarters of the United Nations mission was seriously damaged , the United Nations said in a statement , and many employees were missing .
Part of the national palace had collapsed , The Associated Press reported .
Brian Bonsall -- who played Andy on " Family Ties " -- was arrested for allegedly hitting his best friend in the face with a bar stool ... at which point cops realized Bonsall was also wanted for another crime .
According to the Colorado Daily , cops were called to a Boulder , CO apartment three times -- where Bonsall and his friend Michael Trujillo allegedly got into a heated argument -- before they finally arrested Bonsall on suspicion of beating Trujillo in the face with a piece of a broken bar stool .
According to Trujillo , the two began arguing , Trujillo asked Bonsall to take a hike , and Bonsall went ballistic .
Bonsall claims he was so drunk he does n't remember a thing .
Army officials plan to prevent media from covering Sarah Palin 's appearance at Fort Bragg on Monday , saying they fear the event will turn into political grandstanding against President Obama , the Associated Press reports .
Fort Bragg spokesman Tom McCollum tells the AP that Army officials had decided to keep media away from Palin 's book promotion at the North Carolina base .
Other members of the public would be permitted to attend .
McCollum says the Army did not want the event to become a platform for Palin supporters to express political opinions " directed against the commander in chief . "
Palin is on a book tour this week to promote her memoir Going Rogue .
She is scheduled to visit Fort Hood , in Texas , on Dec. 4 .
What I Hope Apple Unleashes Tomorrow
Tomorrow Apple ’s having an event here in San Francisco and everyone ’s expecting them to launch some sort of tablet computer .
The specifics are still unclear , but people are expecting something that looks like an iPhone but bigger , with an interface that can handle more complicated tasks .
I have no inside information , but I do have a unique perspective .
I ’ve spent my professional career doing basically two things : making websites and making print media .
It ’s my hope that what Apple unleashes tomorrow is the device that finally bridges the two .
Let me explain .
Every content website I ’ve ever worked on has proclaimed the death of print , but the truth is , they ’ve all been secretly jealous of old media .
Why ?
Consumers pay for print .
Advertisers pay more for print .
Print , for all its ink stains and dead trees still makes money .
Meanwhile , every print organization I ’ve ever worked with has been head - to - toe freaked about the web .
The web is the hot , new thing that all the kids are excited about .
And it really is better at moving information from one point to another ( a sentence so obvious it feels stupid typing it , but believe me when I say it ’s taken a decade for some print organizations to admit it ) .
The problem for the web ventures has always been how to pay for it .
And as someone who ’s designed site after site hoping to get consumers to open their wallets , I can tell you :
It ’s not easy .
Print still has a tangible , innate value .
The web does not .
That ’s why I publish Fray on paper – because people wo n’t pay for it any other way .
Some traditional print organizations are trying to get media consumers to pay for online content .
The NY Times tried it and failed before .
Now they ’re talking about attempting it again , but the plan is so convoluted I ca n’t imagine it in practice .
Newsday had a go at it and signed up a total of 35 people in three months .
Bad sign .
Others have attempted to graft the magazine / newspaper / page metaphor to online content .
I ca n’t tell you how many pitches I ’ve heard about how some new company is going to bring magazines online , complete with page curls and flip animations .
As if “ turning a page ” with a mouse click is what everyone secretly wants to do .
I ’m getting to the Apple device , I swear .
Meanwhile , e-ink technology has been “ just around the corner ” for a decade or two .
It ’s now finally here – you can see it in use in the Kindle or other digital readers .
But its “ as good as paper ” and low - cost promise still goes unfulfilled .
And after all that hype , my guess is that it ’s not going to be used in the Apple device .
It ’s still not ready for prime time – the refresh rate is not good enough for video , and that ’s a deal - breaker for a company like Apple that sells movies and TV .
I ’ve been thinking about how to make money from online content since I launched Fray in 1996 .
Really , I ca n’t tell you how many nights I ’ve sat up , obsessed with it .
It ’s been my white whale .
And here ’s what I ’ve come up with : a little bit of advertising works , so long as it ’s classy , and sell some paper if you can .
But any plan that includes walling off your content from the rest of the web is destined to fail , unless it ’s porn of some kind ( financial data is a kind of porn ) .
Why ?
It ’s not because everyone online is a cheapskate .
It ’s because consuming content offline is still a much better experience .
Leafing through a glossy magazine is simply sexier than clicking through a PDF .
But I ’m hoping that all changes tomorrow .
Tomorrow , if the stars align , Apple could unleash a device that ’s sexier than reading a magazine .
A glossy screen like the iPhone , quality content in the iTunes store for a ( hopefully ) reasonable price , major publishers on board and independent publishers like me able to join in .
Apple already has all the pieces in place .
The iTunes music store , right now , has magazines in it .
You probably did n’t know that .
They ’re using the podcast framework to distribute PDFs .
But that falls back into the old problem of reading PDFs on a computer ( it sucks ) and charging for content ( you can ’t ) .
But an Apple device that leverages the power of the iTunes store , that makes it easy to buy and read digital content , that opens up for participation from all kinds of publishers , that puts books and magazines on the same level as movies and TV … it could be the missing piece of the puzzle .
It ’s the same hole they filled with the iPod .
When it came out , there were CDs on one side ( physical media for sale ) and file - sharing on the other ( free but dodgy ) .
The iPod filled the media experience gap , and the iTunes store filled the payment side .
Many pundits said it would n’t work .
It worked .
The same could happen here .
Apple could release a device that makes consuming media fun , is able to show any PDF beautifully ( just like the iPod would play any MP3 ) , and offers new media for sale in the iTunes store .
If they did it right , publishers like me might finally be able to sell something digital that people would actually buy .
I ’ve got my fingers crossed .
dp
More on this :
I know this is totally irrelevant but I 've been watching way too much How I Met Your Mother and I 'm reading all of the comments in all the characters ' voice .
Though mostly just Marshal and Barny for some reason .
But slightly more on topic : I do n't need to enter a black hole to watch the end of the universe .
I 'll just go to the Restaurant at the End of the Universe !
When Ms. Carroll came to prominence , no woman was expected to sustain a comedy act by herself ; traditionally ( think of George Burns and Gracie Allen ) , a woman had a straight man beside her as a counterweight .
Nor was she supposed to be hugely attractive :
The combination of feminine wit and beauty seemed too potent a cocktail to foist on the American public .
Many 20th - century female comics , like Ms. Diller , Lucille Ball and Totie Fields , cultivated public personas that were variously frazzled , madcap or disarmingly dowdy .
What was more , they often used their looks as the butt of self - deprecating jokes .
Ms. Carroll did none of these things .
Extremely attractive , she appeared alone onstage in a shimmering evening dress , dripping diamonds and mink .
That in itself was subversive , as were her monologues about being driven crazy by spouse and children , a time - honored staple of male comics .
As appropriated by Ms. Carroll , however , the subject discombobulated some audience members .
“ I used to do that routine about my daughter being a hippie with the dirty sneakers and dirty blue jeans , but why a beard ? ” Ms. Carroll said in an interview in “ Funny Women : American Comediennes , 1860 - 1985 ” ( McFarland , 1987 ) , by Mary Unterbrink .
“ And you know , people would actually come to me and say , ‘ Does your daughter really have a beard ? ’
I ’d say , ‘ No , I made her shave it , but I let her keep the mustache . ’ ”
Ms. Carroll was born Celine Zeigman in Paris on Jan. 7 , 1911 , and came to the United States with her family at 18 months .
Reared in the Bronx , she began her career in her early teens after a talent agent spotted her dancing in an amateur show .
Soon after , she joined the vaudeville circuit as part of a two - boy , two - girl dance act .
A natural verbal clown , she later joined the act of the comedian Marty May .
In the early 1930s , Ms. Carroll met Buddy Howe , an acrobatic dancer .
Joining forces as Carroll and Howe , they toured the country with a dance act punctuated by humorous patter written by Ms. Carroll .
The couple married in 1936 and spent the next three years touring Britain .
After the United States entered World War II and Mr. Howe was drafted , Ms. Carroll continued as a solo comic , to wide acclaim .
On his discharge from the Army , Mr. Howe was prudent enough to realize that the act was better without him and became a talent agent instead .
Mr. Howe , who became chairman of the Creative Management Agency , died in 1981 .
Ms. Carroll , who was known in private life as Celine Howe , is survived by Ms. Tunick of Carmel , N.Y. , and two granddaughters , Susan Hamilton of Briarcliff Manor , N.Y. , and Andrea Ramos of Carmel .
HAVANA , Cuba —
Travelers from this island making the 90 - mile trip to the United States already face a gauntlet of roadblocks .
First there are the bureaucratic hurdles — a visa from the U.S. government , and permission to travel from Cuban authorities .
Then there is the cost of the 45 - minute flight to Miami , which , at more than $ 500 , can feel like a galling rip - off .
Hefty baggage fees further gouge Cuban wallets .
And now , as a result of new Transportation Security Administration screening policies adopted in the wake of a failed terrorist attack on Christmas Day , Cuban travelers will face pat - downs , body scans and other inspections otherwise reserved for citizens of nations whose cultural devotions do not include salsa dancing and rum drinks .
Because the U.S. State Department has designated Cuba ’s communist government as a “ state sponsor of terror , ” Cuban travelers will be pulled aside for extra security checks under the TSA policy .
Travelers from Afghanistan , Algeria , Iran , Iraq , Lebanon , Libya , Nigeria , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen will also be subject to the added screening measures .
“ No one in this country is capable of terrorism like that , ” said Maria del Carmen Rodriguez , referring to a 23 - year - old Nigerian man ’s alleged attempted to blow up a Detroit - bound Northwest Airlines flight on Dec. 25 with explosives tucked in his underwear .
“ It makes me sad that we ’ll be treated differently , ” she said , while waiting to board a Miami flight from Havana ’s Jose Marti International Airport .
But it was n’t clear if and when travelers like Rodriguez might face the added scrutiny .
Security measures at the Havana airport had not changed as of Jan. 5 , despite the new TSA regulations for all U.S. - bound flights , according to one Cuban airport official .
“ We comply with ICAO [ United Nations International Civil Aviation Organization ] regulations and will continue to do so , ” the official said .
“ If [ U.S. officials ] want us to change our screening procedures , they ’ll have to come down here and discuss that with us . ”
While Cubans have been known to occasionally use their undergarments to sneak potent cigars into the United States , the island is hardly a bastion of Islamic fundamentalism .
Cuba has no mosques , no Al Qaeda presence ( outside the U.S. Navy base at Guantanamo ) and a vast state security apparatus guards against any perceived threat .
Young people who want to leave the island often dream of marrying Americans , not blowing them up .
Cuba ’s state - controlled media promptly denounced the new measures as “ anti- terrorist paranoia , ” as Cuban officials protested in Washington .
“ Cuban territory has never been used to organize , finance or carry out an act of terrorism against the United States or any other country , ” said Cuban government spokesman Alberto Gonzalez , who challenged U.S. authorities to “ cite a single terrorist act or attempted act that originated on Cuban soil . ”
Cuba has also lodged a formal complaint with the U.S. 's top diplomat in Havana .
Cuba was placed on the State Sponsor of Terrorism list in 1982 , and the list ’s other occupants now include Iran , Syria and Sudan .
The four nations are banned from receiving foreign assistance from the U.S. , and are subject to financial and trade sanctions , among other penalties .
They also cannot receive “ dual-use ” U.S. technology that could be used for military purposes .
In recent years , some U.S. lawmakers have pushed to have Cuba removed from the list , arguing that the island represents no threat to American citizens .
But according to the State Department , Cuba remains on it for several reasons , including a lack of cooperation in global U.S. anti-terrorism efforts .
“ Although Cuba signed and ratified all 12 international counterterrorism conventions in 2001 , it has remained opposed to the U.S. - led Coalition prosecuting the war on global terrorism and has been actively critical of many associated U.S. policies and actions , ” a statement on the State Department web site reads .
Cuba also hosts several militants from the Basque separatist group ETA , and a number of former guerrilla fighters from the Colombian rebel groups FARC and ELN , the site says .
But critics point out that many of the ETA militants reside in Cuba as the result of an agreement with the Spanish government , and the Colombian government has asked Cuba to be a mediator in its negotiations with guerrilla forces .
None of the groups purport to attack Americans in the United States .
The State Department also cites the presence of U.S. fugitives residing on the island , including several Puerto Rican separatists and black nationalists who fled to Cuba in the 1960s and 1970s and have remained there since .
Castro opponents in Congress also note Cuba ’s diplomatic ties with Iran , which has recently expanded relations with countries in the hemisphere including Venezuela and Brazil .
Cuban authorities see hypocrisy in the American terror claims , pointing to anti-Castro militants living in the United States who are wanted on the island for alleged terrorist acts .
Among them is Luis Posada Carriles , who was imprisoned in Venezuela for blowing up a Cubana airlines flight in 1976 , killing all 73 passengers abroad .
Posada later escaped from prison , and now lives in Miami , where lawyers have fought his extradition to Venezuela .
Not all of the travelers at Havana ’s International Airport objected to the new TSA procedures , though .
“ I think any security measure is a good thing , ” said Luis , waiting to board a flight to Miami with his family .
“ I do n’t mind the inconvenience , if it ’ll make us safer . ”
When Google asked what you liked and disliked about their new real - time communication application , you unquestionably said that you wanted more invites to share with friends and family .
Problem solved .
Today , Google decided to play Santa with Wave invites .
It has just doled out significantly more invites to existing users .
In conjunction with the invite rollout , Google is also hinting that they 'll soon reach the one million user mark .
The title of their post suggestively indicates that " a million stamps " have been licked , which we take to mean that they 've now opened up Google Wave to a million users .
While invites may be more readily available , be forewarned : Google is still not ready to graduate the service from preview phase to beta stage .
Still , we 're excited that more of you can get in on the shared experience that is Google Wave .
Two Bronx men were locked up and left to rot in a filthy jail cell for nearly a week after a pair of cops mistook their candy for a bag of crack .
The “ drugs ” were finally tested five days later and determined to be popular Coco ( coconut ) Candy .
The charges were dropped .
The trouble began the night of Jan. 15 , as José Pena , a 48 - year - old plumber , and his longtime pal and colleague Cesar Rodriguez , 33 , were headed to a party , and decided to stop at a bodega on 181st Street and the Grand Concourse .
When they came out , cops were waiting and asked to search their Ford minivan .
“ I said ‘ Go search . ’
I even opened the door , ” Rodriguez told The Post .
An officer rummaged around , came out holding a “ Hello Kitty ” sandwich bag , and shouted “ Bingo ! ” the men said .
“ It ’s only candy ! ” Rodriguez said , as the cops handcuffed him and Pena , and several other police cars rushed to the scene .
Rodriguez said he buys a 50 - cent bag of Coco Candy , a hard coconut - based treat , almost every day .
Because it easily crumbles , he puts it in a sandwich bag .
“ Can you test it ?
Can you taste it ? ” Rodriguez asked the cops .
“ Shut up ! ” they replied .
“ I did n’t know having candy was a crime , ” he said .
The men ’s lawyer , Neal Wallerstein , said the cops could have realized their mistake quickly .
“ That ’s the reason why they have a field - test kit , ” he said , referring to the NYPD ’s portable drug identification equipment .
But Wallerstein said cops just needed their noses .
“ It smells like sugar , ” he said .
Instead , the two men were jailed for crack possession .
Pena got out after three days , but Rodriguez was held two more , until Thursday morning .
The Bronx District Attorney ’s office confirmed that the case was dropped after authorities realized there were no drugs .
The NYPD had no comment .
Rodriguez said he still loves Coco Candy .
“ It ’s really sweet , ” he said .
“ I could get addicted to this candy . ”
. . . on that deficit commission .
If I were Peter Orszag , I would be tearing my hair out .
( Or maybe not , since he ’s happily engaged to be married later this year . )
It ’s obvious , and I ’ve said it before , but I ’ll say it again .
The big long - term national debt problem is all about health care .
This chart is from the January 2008 Budget and Economic Outlook of the Congressional Budget Office –for those keeping score , that ’s one year before President Obama took office .
It shows projected federal spending as a percentage of GDP .
The situation has gotten worse since then–overwhelmingly because of lost tax revenues due to the financial crisis and recession , not “ big government ” as some would have you believe–but the change over the last year is a rounding error compared to that huge light - blue wedge of Medicare and Medicaid .
The health care bills now passed by both houses include , at the urging of Orszag and the administration , the most serious proposals ever put forward in Congress to curb the long - term growth of health care costs .
In other words , no administration in the last few decades has tried as hard as this one to solve our nation ’s main long - term fiscal problem ( although they bungled their management of the financial crisis and financial reform ) .
And what do they get for their efforts ?
Popular backlash against “ big government ” and “ deficits ” and Scott Brown in the Senate ( although Martha Coakley had a lot to do with the latter ) .
If politicians were actually serious about deficits , they would vote for health care reform 100 - 0 in the Senate .
And pigs would fly .
By James Kwak
This is an illustrated description of my life at home and travels around the world .
Jay Leno agrees : Conan O’Brien should be host of " The Tonight Show . "
Unfortunately , that Jay Leno was the 2004 model .
The souped - up 2009 Leno has apparently decided he was n’t ready to turn over the keys to NBC ’s storied late night franchise .
Want proof ?
Check out video of Leno ’s announcement five years ago that he was all good with NBC ’s " Tonight " transition plan , saved by a poster on Funny or Die. ( H/T to TVBarn.com , which spotted the FOD clip ) .
The Number Resource Organization warns that less than 10 percent of the IP v4 address space remains ; it 's time to start adopting IPv6 .
The warning comes after APNIC , the registry that hands out IP addresses in the Asia - Pacific region , obtained an additional 33.5 million IP v4 addresses from IANA , the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority .
This brings the size of IANA 's global pool of free IP v4 address space down from 26 to 24 blocks of 16,777,216 addresses ( " / 8s " ) .
The Number Resource Organization ( NRO ) , which is where the five Regional Internet Registries ( RIRs ) get together to discuss address - related issues , is taking this opportunity to warn us all that the amount of IP v4 address space that is still free is now below ten percent , so we should all adopt IP v6 post - haste .
But only weeks ago , we wrote that a mere 81 percent of the IP v4 addresses is in use , which leaves 19 percent free .
What gives ?
There are two differences between the number in the earlier story and the one mentioned by the NRO : the NRO talks about / 8 blocks rather than individual addresses , and the NRO lumps the unusable address space in with the used address space .
Of the 256 /8 blocks that the 32 - bit IP v4 address space allows for , only 221 are available for regular use .
The remaining 24 unused blocks are 10.9 percent of those 221 usable / 8s .
And a significant number of the addresses in the / 8s given to the RIRs have n't yet been passed on to service providers and end -users .
For instance , it will probably take months before addresses out of blocks 1.0.0.0/ 8 and 27.0.0.0 / 8 that were given to APNIC show up in actual use — if only to allow firewall administrators to remove those blocks from their " bogon " lists .
There 's no doubt about it : APNIC is burning through its address space very fast .
According to the policy used in the past , it should have gotten seven / 8s to have enough to continue working the next 18 months .
With only two new blocks , APNIC will probably have to come back for more after the summer .
ARIN , the RIR serving North America , is also running low on address space , and should be getting some new blocks earlier than that .
So we 're still running out of IP v4 addresses , and IP v6 is the only medium - and long - term answer .
However , it 's now too late for a smooth IP v4 - to - IP v6 transition , so prepare for a bumpy one where we run out of IP v4 addresses before there is widespread IP v6 adoption .
As Britain endures one of its coldest winters in recent decades , the Lake District in North - West England has not escaped the sub - zero temperatures .
In this picture , ice covers virtually all of Derwent Water , one of the Lakes ' larger bodies of water , creating stunning frozen landscape .
KBR ( Halliburton to the old - schoolaz ) has had its share of troubles on its way to making untold billions of dollars of profit in Iraq .
There 's the rape and sexual harassment ( Female and male - on - male ! ) .
There 's the electrocuting soldiers .
There 's the dogs running around chomping on human remains intended for an incinerator .
You know what 's been missing in this bad - publicity extravaganza ?
Child porn .
Not any longer !!
Houston 's US Attorney 's office announced today a Seabrook resident is being held without bond on child pornography charges stemming from his time as a KBR contractor in Iraq .
Michael Anthony Grabar , 44 , who was a forklift operator at Camp Fallujah , is staying in federal custody until his May trial .
As the prosecutors ' office puts it :
May 2 , 2008 , KBR security at Camp Fallujah , a U.S. Marine base in Iraq , was notified about a thumb drive found in laundry at the laundry facility .
KBR security officials retrieved and opened the thumb drive to identify the owner .
According to the testimony today , security officials found documents allegedly belonging to Michael Grabar as well as what appeared to be images of child pornography .
KBR security then conducted a search of Grabar 's quarters and turned the investigation and computers and additional storage devices seized from his residence to NCIS special agents stationed at the marine base .
More than 500 images and 79 videos were recovered from the computer .
KBR : exporting American know - how -- and culture -- to the people of Iraq .
NEXT >
On January 7 , 1610 , Galileo Galilei pointed his " spyglass " to the heavens and stared up at Jupiter , one of the brightest lights in the evening sky , and noted what he at first assumed to be three bright stars near the planet .
But over the following nights , he realized that those three bright bodies were n't fixed in the heavens like stars , but rather seemed to dance around Jupiter along with a fourth , smaller body .
Galileo triumphantly announced his discovery of four " planets " that revolved around Jupiter in his March treatise , Starry Messenger [ pdf ] .
Thinking of his pocketbook , he dutifully proposed naming them the Medicean Stars in honor of his patron , Cosimo de Medici .
But the name did n't stick , and today we honor the scientist rather than the patron by calling Jupiter 's four largest satellites the Galilean moons .
The discovery dealt a death blow to the Ptolemaic understanding of the universe , in which all planets and stars were believed to orbit the Earth .
For , as Galileo wrote in his treatise , " our own eyes show us four stars which wander around Jupiter as does the moon around the earth . "
In the 400 years that have passed since Galileo first laid eyes on them , we 've learned a great deal about the moons
Io , Europa , Ganymede , and Callisto ( all named after the mythological paramours of Jupiter ) .
If all goes according to plan we 'll soon get to know them much more intimately -- NASA and the European Space Agency are currently planning missions to closely observe three of the moons .
Click though this gallery to view NASA 's most stunning photos of the four satellites , and to find out what we 've discovered in the four centuries since Galileo began the work .
( For more on Galileo 's discovery and what it meant to science , check out this post from DISCOVER's Phil Plait . )
Image : NASA / JPL / DLR
NEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
Io , the innermost of the four moons , is a tempestuous place .
It 's covered with more than 400 active volcanoes , which spew out sulfur compounds that may be responsible for its mottled , pizza - like appearance .
We got our first good look at Io when the Voyager probes flew by in 1979 on their way to the solar system 's edge ; one of the probes took this portrait of the fiery moon .
Image : NASA
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
Io 's volcanic activity is driven by intense tidal forces .
On one side , massive Jupiter tugs at it , while the other three Galilean moons pull at it from the other direction .
The tidal forces stretch and squeeze the moon 's interior , which causes heat and pressure that are released in colossal volcanoes .
This image , taken by the Galileo probe that explored the Jupiter system in the 1990s , shows two volcanoes erupting .
At the top , a plume of gas rises 87 miles from the moon 's surface , while in the middle of the image the ring - shaped Prometheus plume is visible .
That plume has been visible in every image of the region taken by our probes and space telescopes , suggesting that the Prometheus volcano has been erupting for decades .
Image : NASA / JPL / Galileo Project
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
Europa is one of the most interesting places in the solar system -- which explains why NASA hopes to send a probe there in the 2020s .
Slightly smaller than the Earth 's moon , Europa looks like a well - used skating rink with an ice - covered surface marred by dark cracks and ridges .
It has an ice layer that 's miles thick , but underneath that ice scientists think a liquid ocean is sloshing around .
And where there is water , there might be life .
Scientists speculate that the cracks and ridges spangled across Europa may be caused by tidal forces from Jupiter and the other Galilean satellites ; the moon 's surface may have fractured in the past as internal material was forced up .
Image : NASA / Goddard Space Flight Center
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
NASA 's Europa probe is currently scheduled to launch in 2020 as part of an international mission that would also include a European Space Agency orbiter that would study Ganymede and Callisto .
The Europa probe 's mission will be to measure the thickness of the ice sheet that covers the moon , and to determine whether there really is a liquid ocean beneath the ice .
Much of the probe 's $ 3 billion budget will be spent on shielding to protect it from the fierce radiation belts produced by Jupiter 's magnetic field .
That wo n't leave any money for a Europa lander this trip , so there wo n't be any drilling into the ice or exploration by submarine .
The thickness of the ice is a crucial question , and may determine whether or not there is life on the moon .
If the ice is too thick ( one estimate suggested a 15 - mile - thick barrier ) , rudimentary life forms would n't be able to use solar energy and photosynthesis to sustain themselves .
However , a thick ice shell would also protect any life forms from Jupiter 's punishing radiation , and if the right chemical components are present in the water organisms could live on chemical energy , just like marine creatures here on Earth that live deep in the ocean near thermal vents .
Image : NASA / JPL
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
Ganymede , named after the beautiful boy who became Jupiter 's cup - bearer in Olympus , is the largest moon in the solar system -- in fact , it 's larger than the planet Mercury .
It 's composed primarily of rock and water ice , but researchers believe it may have a deeply buried ocean sandwiched between layers of ice .
The European Space Agency wants to send its probe to orbit Ganymede to study its surface , which is a mixture of older regions pockmarked by asteroid impacts and younger , smoother regions that boast streaks similar to those seen on Europa .
The orbiter would also look for evidence of that buried ocean , which may lie about 100 miles beneath the surface .
Finally , it would examine the oddball moon 's magnetic field -- Ganymede is the only moon in our solar system known to have a magnetosphere of its very own , and researchers still are n't sure how it 's generated .
Image : NASA / JPL / Galileo Project
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUS
The final Galilean moon , Callisto , will also be observed by the European probe in a series of fly - bys .
Like its neighbor Ganymede , it too is composed mostly of rock and ice , and it's also suspected to have a deeply buried ocean layer .
It 's the most heavily cratered object in the solar system , and its surface appears to have changed little in the last 4 billion years .
But Callisto has a unique attraction .
As the Galilean moon farthest from Jupiter , it 's exposed to far less radiation from Jupiter 's intense magnetosphere -- a person standing on the surface of Callisto would be exposed to about .01 rems of radiation per day , while someone on the surface of Europa would receive 540 rems daily .
That 's why some advocates of manned exploration of the solar system suggest that Callisto would be a great spot for a human settlement [ pdf ] ; from that base , astronauts could control robot scouts throughout the Jupiter system .
Who knows , maybe in another 400 years it will come to pass !
Image : NASA / JPL / Galileo Project
< PREVIOUS
The full DJ Hero Soundtrack in mixtape form : 88 tracks mixing Rihanna into the Killers , Q - Tip into Billy Squier , Bobby Blue Bland into Tupac and more .
By DJ Jazzy Jeff , DJ AM ( R.I.P ) , DJ Shadow , and more !
1. Motörhead vs. NOISIA – Ace Of Spades vs. Groundhog ( 2:55 )
2. Bobby “ Blue ” Bland vs. Connie Price & The Keystones – Ain’t No Love In The City vs. Fuzz And Them ( 2:32 )
3. Bobby “ Blue ” Bland vs. 2 Pac – Ain’t No Love In The Heart Of The City vs. How Do U Want It ( 3:27 )
4. 2 Pac vs. The Aranbee Pop Symphony Orchestra – All Eyez On Me vs. Bittersweet Symphony ( 3:59 )
5. Queen vs. Beastie Boys – Another One Bites The Dust vs. Brass Monkey ( 3:48 )
6. Queen vs. Daft Punk – Another One Bites The Dust vs. Da Funk ( 2:59 )
7. Daft Punk vs. Young MC – Around The World vs. Bust A Move ( 3:11 )
8. The Scratch Perverts – Beats And Pieces ( 4:29 )
9. Shlomo vs. Billy Squier – Beats vs. The Big Beat ( 2:43 )
10 . Weezer vs. Evidence featuring The Alchemist , Aceyalone , Rakaa and 88 Keys – Beverly Hills vs. Fresh Rhymes And Videotape ( 3:02 )
11 . The Aranbee Pop Symphony Orchestra vs. LL Cool J – Bittersweet Symphony vs. Rock The Bells ( 4:48 )
12 . Black Eyed Peas vs. Benny Benassi – Boom Boom Pow vs. Satisfaction ( 3:28 )
13 . Grandmaster Flash – Boom vs. Tap ( 1:11 )
14 . Public Enemy featuring Zakk Wylde vs. Justice – Bring The Noise 20XX vs. Genesis ( 3:24 )
15 . Public Enemy featuring Zakk Wylde – Bring The Noise 20XX ( 2:48 )
16 . Chuck Brown & The Soul Searchers vs. Young MC – Bustin ’ Loose vs. Bust A Move ( 2:48 )
17 . Chuck Brown & The Soul Searchers vs. The Zombies – Bustin ’ Loose vs. Time Of The Season ( 3:13 )
18 . Jay - Z featuring Pharrell Williams vs. 2 Pac – Change Clothes vs. All Eyez On Me ( 3:42 )
19 . Daft Punk vs. N.A.S.A. featuring Karen O , ODB and Fatlip – Da Funk vs. Starnge Enough ( 3:11 )
20 . Kid Cudi vs. Black Eyed Peas – Day ‘ N’ Nite vs. Boom Boom Pow ( 3:19 )
21 . 50 Cent vs. Indeep – Disco Inferno vs. Last Night A DJ Saved My Life ( 2:46 )
22 . 50 Cent vs. David Bowie – Disco Inferno vs. Let ’s Dance ( 3:05 )
23 . Rihanna vs. Kid Sister – Disturbia vs. Control ( 3:16 )
24 . Rihanna vs. The Trammps – Disturbia vs. Disco Inferno ( 2:56 )
25 . Rihanna vs. The Killers – Disturbia vs. Soembody Told Me ( 3:21 )
26 . Gorillaz vs. Blondie – Feel Good Inc. vs. Atomic ( 2:38 )
27 . Street Sweeper Social Club vs. Beastie Boys – Fight !
Smash !
Win ! vs. Intergalactic ( 2:21 )
28 . Dizzee Rascal vs. Justice – Fix Up , Look Sharp vs. Genesis ( 3:25 )
29 . Dizzee Rascal vs. DJ Shadow – Fix Up , Look Sharp vs. Organ Donor ( Extended Overhaul ) ( 2:56 )
30 . Q - Tip vs. Billy Squier – Good Thang vs. The Big Beat ( 3:48 )
31 . NOISIA – Groundhog ( Beat Juggle ) ( 4:17 )
32 . Grandmaster Flash featuring DJ Kool and DJ Demo vs. Gary Numan – Here Comes My DJ vs. Cars ( 3:06 )
33 . Beastie Boys vs. DJ Shadow – Here ’s a Little Somethin ’ for Ya vs. The Number Song ( 4:00 )
34 . Gwen Steffani vs. Gorillaz – Hollaback Girl vs. Feel Good Inc. ( 3:01 )
35 . Gwen Steffani vs. Rick James – Hollaback Girl vs. Give It To Me Baby ( 3:15 )
36 . Gwen Steffani vs. Indeep – Hollaback Girl vs. Last Night A DJ Saved My Life ( 3:16 )
37 . Kool Moe Dee vs. Reel 2 Real featuring The Mad Stuntman – How Ya Like Me Now vs. I Like To Move It ( 3:14 )
38 . Marvin Gaye vs. Gorillaz – I Heard It Through The Grapevine vs. Feel Good Inc. ( 3:41 )
39 . Jackson 5 vs. Gang Starr – I Want You Back vs. Just To Get A Rep ( 3:37 )
40 . Jackson 5 vs. Third Eye Blind – I Want You Back vs. Semi-Charmed Life ( 3:24 )
41 . Vanilla Ice vs. Paula Abdul – Ice Ice Baby vs. Straight Up ( 2:49 )
42 . Vanilla Ice vs. MC Hammer – Ice Ice Baby vs. U Can’t Touch This ( 2:28 )
43 . Cypress Hill vs. Classics IV – Insane In The Brain vs. Spooky ( 3:00 )
44 . Cypress Hill vs. David Axelrod – Insane In The Brain vs. The Edge ( 3:03 )
45 . Beastie Boys vs. Blondie – Intergalactic vs. Rapture ( 2:48 )
46 . Jay - Z vs. The Jackson 5 – Izzo ( H.O.V.A. ) vs. I Want You Back ( 3:19 )
47 . Jay - Z vs. Eminem – Izzo ( H.O.V.A. ) vs. My Name Is ( 3:32 )
48 . Boogie Down Productions vs. David Bowie – Jack Of Spades vs. Let ’s Dance ( 3:53 )
49 . Jurassic 5 vs. Herbie Hancock – Jayou vs. Rockit ( 2:44 )
50 . Jurassic 5 vs. Billy Squier – Jayou vs. The Big Beat ( 3:05 )
51 . Foreigner vs. DJ Z - Trip featuring MURS – Juke Box Hero vs. DJ Hero ( 4:15 )
52 . Gang Starr vs. Mobb Deep – Just To Get A Rep vs. Shook Ones Part II ( 4:10 )
53 . Indeep vs. Cameo – Last Night A DJ Saved My Life vs. Word Up ! ( 3:00 )
54 . Beastie Boys vs. Daft Punk – Lee Majors Come Again vs. Da Funk ( 3:29 )
55 . Wale vs. The Black Eyed Peas featuring Tippa Irie – Lookin ’ At Me vs. Hey Mama ( 2:45 )
56 . Daft Punk – Megamix 1 ( 3:25 )
57 . Daft Punk – Megamix 2 ( 3:51 )
58 . Foo Fighters vs. Beastie Boys – Monkey Wrench vs. Sabotage ( 2:48 )
59 . Jean Knight vs. Masta Ace – Mr. Big Stuff vs. Born To Roll ( 2:48 )
60 . Eminem vs. Beck – My Name
Is vs. Loser ( 3:30 )
61 . Paul van Dyk vs. Sandy Rivera featuring David Penn – Nothing But You vs. I Ca n’t Stop ( 4:05 )
62 . M.I.A. vs. Eric B. & Rakim – Paper Planes vs. Eric B. Is President ( 3:04 )
63 . M.I.A. vs. Wale – Paper Planes vs. Lookin’ At Me ( 3:09 )
64 . Wild Cherry vs. Gang Starr – Play That Funky Music vs. Just To Get A Rep ( 4:02 )
65 . Bell Biv DeVoe – Poison ( Beat Juggle ) ( 1:22 )
66 . Bell Biv DeVoe vs. Beastie Boys – Poison vs. Intergalactic ( 3:36 )
67 . Bell Biv DeVoe vs. Cameo – Poison vs. Word Up ! ( 3:32 )
68 . Fedde Le Grand vs. Sandy Rivera – Put Your Hands Up For Detroit vs. I Ca n’t Stop ( 3:02 )
69 . Daft Punk vs. Hashim – Robot Rock vs. Al Naafyish ( The Soul ) ( 2:56 )
70 . Daft Punk vs. Queen – Robot Rock vs. We Will Rock You ( 2:57 )
71 . Herbie Hancock vs. N.E.R.D. – Rockit vs. Lapdance ( 2:41 )
72 . Benny Benassi vs. Tiësto – Satisfaction vs. Elements Of Life ( 5:04 )
73 . Daft Punk vs. Boogie Down Productions – Short Circuit vs. Jack Of Spades ( 3:27 )
74 . Tears For Fears vs. Eric B. & Rakim – Shout vs. Eric B. Is President ( 3:52 )
75 . Tears For Fears vs. Eric Prydz – Shout vs. Pjanoo ( 3:22 )
76 . Tears For Fears vs. DJ Shadow featuring Mos Def – Shout vs. Six Days ( 3:52 )
77 . Public Enemy vs. Beck – Shut ‘ Em Down vs. Where It ’s At ( 3:10 )
78 . DJ Shadow featuring Mos Def vs. D - Code – Six Days vs. Annie ’s Horn ( 3:40 )
79 . The Killers vs. Eric Prydz – Somebody Told Me vs. Pjanoo ( 3:26 )
80 . N.A.S.A. featuring Karen O , ODB , and Fatlip vs. Isaac Hayes – Strange Enough vs. Theme from Shaft ( 3:02 )
81 . Daft Punk vs. Gary Numan – Technologic vs. Cars ( 2:53 )
82 . Daft Punk vs. No Doubt – Television Rules The Nation vs. Hella Good ( 3:00 )
83 . Billy Squier vs. N.E.R.D. – The Big Beat vs. Lapdance ( 3:09 )
84 . David Axelrod vs. Eric B. & Rakim – The Edge vs. Eric B. Is President ( 1:38 )
85 . Little Richard vs. Shlomo – Tutti Frutti vs. Beats ( 2:50 )
86 . Common vs. Masta Ace – Universal Mind Control ( U.M.C. ) vs. Jeep Ass Gutter ( 2:56 )
87 . Beck vs. DJ Shadow featuring Mos Def – Where It ’s At vs. Six Days ( 3:09 )
88 . Afrika Bambaataa vs. Freedom Express – Zulu Nation Throwdown vs. Get Down ( 2:55 )
Via Miss Info , whom I ’ve had a crush on since she was Minya Oh writing for Vibe ( and I did n’t even really know what you looked like at the time , girl ! )
The European Commission ( EC ) itself has warned that the finances of half of the Eurozone 's sixteen economies are at risk of becoming ' unsustainable ' , essentially bankrupt .
As shown in the Wall Street Journal graphic below , Spain , Ireland , Netherlands , Slovenia , Slovakia , and Greece are all teetering on the brink .
While relatively better off European nations would prefer not to bail out their flailing neighbors , the problem with the euro currency union is that their fates are ultimately all tied together via the euro , even if politically they believe themselves to be separate countries .
Thus an old criticism of the euro system is appearing more relevant than ever .
WSJ : They said a monetary union unsupplemented by a political union risked a fiscal free - for - all among governments , especially in a full - blown recession .
The next year will be a good time to prove them wrong .
The focus in early 2010 will remain on Greece and its budget deficit at 12.7 % of GDP , four times the EU limit .
The Greek government is trying to hammer together a political consensus in parliament for a plan to bring down public spending without triggering more social unrest seen in the country 's streets at the close of 2009 .
Read more here .
Eileen Younghusband from Sully in the Vale of Glamorgan talks to Kayley Thomas of BBC Radio Wales about a lifetime of experiences , from being an au pair in Paris to her secret wartime work helping to foil German V2 bombers , and graduating with a degree in her eighties .
The stories are told in her autobiography , Not an Ordinary Life .
The top regulator for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac is expected to announce millions of dollars in pay packages for top executives at the government - run mortgage - finance titans , people familiar with the matter said .
The Federal Housing Finance Agency approved compensation plans for Fannie Chief Executive Michael Williams and Freddie CEO Charles Haldeman Jr. Those packages are expected to be in a range of $ 4 million to $ 6 million , people familiar with the matter said .
The companies are expected to spell out pay details for their ...
Terms & Conditions
1. Subject to the terms and conditions herein contained , Worldprofit hereby grants to the Customer a non-exclusive , non-transferable , revocable license ( the “ License ” ) to use the website , without right to sublicense or encumber the website .
2 . The term ( the “ Term ” ) of the License shall be one ( 1 ) year from the date that the Customer has use of the website in the case of full year payment , or 30 days in the case of the month to month payment agreement .
The initial purchase of our Silver Membership Hosting and Training package is on a monthly term .
3 . The Customer shall pay all amounts owing hereunder by pre-authorized credit card payment .
4 . In the event that payments herein contemplated are not made on a timely basis , all amounts overdue shall bear interest at the rate of two ( 2 % ) percent per month ( 24 % per annum ) .
5 . In addition to all amounts payable hereunder , the Customer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and duties , including sales , excise and goods and services tax , payable in relation to or arising from the license , use , possession or operation of the website .
6 . The Customer shall not be entitled to deduct or set - off any amounts from or against any amounts owing to Worldprofit hereunder .
7 . In the event of any action , suit or other proceeding commenced by Worldprofit to enforce this Agreement , the Customer shall pay to Worldprofit or its designated Agent legal fees , collection fees and disbursements ( on a solicitor and own client full indemnity basis ) incurred by Worldprofit or its designated Agent in connection with any such action , suit or proceeding .
8 . The Customer acknowledges that Worldprofit is the exclusive owner of the website and all intellectual property rights associated therewith and that except as provided in this Agreement , the Customer does not and will not acquire any right , title or interest in the website and the Customer will not dispute or contest for any reason whatsoever , directly or indirectly , before and after expiration or termination of this Agreement , the validity of Worldprofit ’s ownership of the website .
9. Worldprofit agrees to provide the Customer reasonable professional technical support from its trained staff during the Term .
10 . Worldprofit does not represent or warrant that the website will meet the Customer ’s needs and requirements or be free of error or operate without interruption .
The Customer acknowledges that the website operates in an environment that includes software and hardware of third party vendors and that Worldprofit does not control the products of such third party vendors .
Worldprofit makes no warranties of any kind , whether express or implied , including any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use .
Worldprofit takes no responsibility for any damages suffered by the Customer , including , but not limited to , loss of data , non-deliveries , missed deliveries or service interruptions .
In no event shall Worldprofit be liable for any special , incidental or consequential damages , including damages for loss of business profits , business interruption , loss of business information or other pecuniary loss , lost data , loss of computer time , failure to realize expected savings and any other commercial or economic loss of any kind arising in consequence of Worldprofit ’s performance , failure to perform or other breach under this Agreement .
The Customer agrees that for any breach or default by Worldprofit in connection with this Agreement , regardless of whether such a breach is a fundamental breach , the Customer ’s exclusive remedy shall be the payment by Worldprofit of the Customer ’s damages up to a maximum amount equal to the aggregate License fees paid to the date of breach .
WEBSITE TO RESIDE ON WORLDPROFIT SERVER
11 . The Customer acknowledges that , during the Term , the website shall reside on Worldprofit ’s server .
During the License , Worldprofit shall make the website accessible to Internet users .
12 . Worldprofit does not represent or warrant to the Customer that the website will be accessible continually and on an uninterrupted basis from the Internet .
In no event shall Worldprofit be liable to the Customer for any damages resulting from or relating to any failure or delay of Worldprofit to provide access to the website from the Internet .
13 . Worldprofit is not liable for protection or privacy of any electronic information transferred through the Internet and the website .
14 . Customer is solely responsible for the content of his or her website and / or a website the customer advertises using Worldprofit ’s website .
The Customer shall not submit to Worldprofit for publication on the website any of the following material :
( a ) any material which violates or infringes any copyright , trade mark , trade secret , patent , statutory , common - law or other proprietary or intellectual rights of others ;
( b ) any material that is libelous or slanderous ;
( c ) any material that is or contains anything obscene or pornographic ; or
( d ) a distribution list to be used via unsolicited electronic mail or other mass electronic mails .
15 . Due to the public nature of the Internet , all materials submitted by Customer for publication will be considered publicly assessable .
Worldprofit does not screen in advance Customer ’s material submitted for publication .
Worldprofit ’s publication of materials submitted by Customer does not create any express or implied approval by Worldprofit of such , nor does it indicate that such material complies with the terms of this Agreement .
GENERAL
16 . Customer will indemnify and hold harmless Worldprofit from and against all claims , damages , costs ( including solicitor and own client full indemnity basis ) , suits or proceedings from any source or for any reason relating , directly or indirectly , to the Customer ’s website .
17 . The Customer shall comply with all applicable laws , ordinances , regulations and legislation in any way relating to the use and possession of the website .
18 . It is Customer ’s sole responsibility to become familiar with and to comply with all laws that might relate to the Customer ’s website .
19 .
The Customer may , at any time during the Term , cancel the License without cancellation fee or further obligation .
Customers purchasing packages either on a monthly basis or at full price are not entitled to a refund due to the retail value of bonuses given to the Customer at time of purchase .
20 .
In the event that Worldprofit terminates the License to use the website as herein granted prior to the expiry of the Term upon the occurrence of an Event of Default ( as hereinafter defined ) , the Customer shall pay to Worldprofit , in addition to all License fees owing up to the date of cancellation and all other amounts owing hereunder , that amount equal to the aggregate License fees ( being such amount that a Customer would be required to pay for the License for the entire Term ) , less all License fees paid to Worldprofit up to the date of termination , such sum being a genuine pre-estimate by the parties of the liquidated damages sustained by Worldprofit from the loss of bargain , such sum not to be construed as being a penalty .
21 . The following shall constitute “ Events of Default ” :
( a ) if the Customer is in breach of any of the terms of this Agreement or fails to perform any one or more of its obligations hereunder ;
( b ) if the Customer commits an act of insolvency , or makes an assignment for the general benefit of creditors , or any other proceedings be commenced by or against the Customer under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or proceedings for which the appointment of the custodian , receiver or receiver / manager or any other official of similar powers for the Customer are commenced ; and
( c ) if the Customer is convicted of or pleads no contest to an indictable offence , a crime involving moral turpitude or any other crime or offence that is likely to adversely affect the reputation and goodwill of Worldprofit .
22 . Immediately upon the occurrence of an Event of Default , Worldprofit shall be entitled , in its sole and unfettered discretion , to terminate the License without notice and retain the domain name if it was one selected from Worldprofit ’s own Domain Name Inventory .
23 . Except as herein otherwise provided , all terms , conditions , covenants , agreements and indemnities shall survive the termination of this Agreement .
24 . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Alberta and the Province of Ontario .
Worldprofit and the Customer hereby irrevocably and exclusively submit to the jurisdiction of the Courts in and for the Province of Alberta and for the Province of Ontario .
ANTI - SPAM POLICY
This sets forth our policy with regard to the use of “ Spam ” marketing techniques in conjunction with Internet Marketing .
In the event that we deem you to be in violation of these policies we shall immediately revoke your membership rights and close any active account .
We have a strict policy against spamming .
We forbid the sending of unsolicited mass Emails or unsolicited Emails of any kind in conjunction with marketing of our programs , products and services .
We reserve the right to terminate your account and participation in our programs “ for cause ” if we deem you to be in violation of our anti-spamming policies .
We also reserve the right to suspend your account and participation pending review upon receipt of any complaint or other evidence the you may be engaging in any spamming activity .
We consider spamming to be any activity whereby you , directly or indirectly transmit email messages to any email address that has not solicited such email and does not consent to such transmission .
We also consider spamming to constitute posting advertisements in newsgroups in violation of the terms of participation in such newsgroup , that are off - topic , or in newsgroups that do not specifically permit advertisements .
We also consider it spamming when advertisements are placed on message boards or in chat rooms when they are not permitted by the terms of participation in such message boards and chat rooms .
If you are spammed by anyone regarding our products , services , website , or any other matters , please report this activity to abuse [ at ] worldprofit.com .
Forget California dreamin' .
These days Mason Tvert , the media - savvy founder of SAFER ( Safer Alternative For Enjoyable Recreation ) , has been dreaming of Washington State -- where the good city of Seattle just rolled out a citywide marijuana measure that Tvert 's been pushing Denver to implement for years .
In a letter recently sent to members of the Denver Marijuana Policy Review Panel -- a mayor - appointed body of which Tvert is a member -- and other city officials , Tvert made note of how Pete Holmes , Seattle 's new city attorney has announced he 's dismissing all marijuana - possession cases that had been underway in the city and will no longer file charges for marijuana possession unless there are " out of the ordinary circumstances . "
The move is a response to a referendum Seattle voters passed in 2003 that made marijuana the lowest priority for local law enforcement .
For a marijuana - reform advocate like Tvert , the development 's got to be good news from a national perspective -- but personally , it 's gotta sting .
Tvert 's been pushing Denver 's city attorney 's office to make just this sort of announcement for years in response to the fact that Denver voters have also voted to make marijuana the lowest law - enforcement priority , as well as to remove all penalties for private adult marijuana possession .
So far , however , Denver 's city attorney has refused to do so even though in 2008 the Denver Marijuana Policy Review Panel called on it to refrain from filing charges for marijuana possession " absent compelling reasons articulated ... in open court . "
" If Seattle 's city attorney can establish a formal policy of no longer filing marijuana possession charges despite Washington 's state possession law , why is it that Denver cannot do so , according to Denver city officials ? "
Tvert asks in his letter .
" More specifically , can the Denver City Attorney 's Office provide any substantial reasoning for not enacting such a policy in light of the measures approved by Denver voters and the aforementioned recommendation of the Panel ?
Would the City of Denver actually face any state sanction or penalty if the City Attorney 's Office adopted a policy similar to that of the Seattle City Attorney 's Office ? "
So far , Tvert has n't received an answer to his questions -- but knowing his tenacity , he wo n't stop until he does .
Check out Tvert 's full letter below .
Barack Obama hoped to unify the nation , and he is making impressive progress toward that goal .
Last week , he created common ground between Howard Dean and conservatives .
They agree on one thing , which is that the health care reform package produced by the Senate and endorsed by the president richly deserves to be voted down .
Conservatives have always opposed ObamaCare because it involves too much government .
Now liberals are abandoning the administration 's plan because it involves too little .
Dean and Co. are bitter that the bills in Congress offer neither a " public option " — a government - run insurance program — nor a provision letting those from age 55 to 64 buy Medicare coverage .
It 's OK to alienate people at each end of the political spectrum if you please those in between .
But the so - called moderates on Capitol Hill are proving no help to the president .
On the contrary , they have discovered that the middle of the road is an ideal place to block traffic .
Sen. Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) , once thought to be open to supporting the plan , now says she probably wo n't .
Sen. Joseph Lieberman ( I - Conn. ) , got his way when the Senate dropped the government - run options , but even he is not a sure " yes " vote .
Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) , denounced attempts to use " artificially generated haste " to get the bill through , which does n't make her sound like she 's on Obama 's side .
Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) , is holding out unless he gets tighter restrictions on abortion coverage .
Even proclaimed supporters make it clear they are settling for a pale facsimile of what they really want .
Obama seems to have created a split between those who are critical of his efforts and those who are ungrateful .
So he may not get an overhaul passed at all .
If he does , it may cost him control of Congress in next year 's elections .
In the worst ( or best ) case , it may help unseat him in 2012 .
In any case , it wo n't make him a lot of friends anytime soon .
But Obama has no one to blame except himself .
He made the mistake of thinking that because Americans elected him on a promise of overhauling health care , they agreed on what that means .
If Americans were unified on a plausible change in the system , however , they probably would have gotten it long ago .
The reality is that either they do n't know exactly what they want or they want things that are incompatible — more benefits and lower costs , more regulation and less government , lower premiums , and life eternal .
They demand change while demanding the preservation of everything they like about the status quo .
Health care " reform " is hard because a given goal is likely to come at the expense of another .
According to a recent George Washington University Battleground Poll , 41 percent of Americans think the main goal should be lowering costs .
But they do n't really mean it .
Lowering costs is easy : Just reduce benefits .
But try that , and you 'll be charged with plotting to ration treatment and set up death panels .
What people generally mean when they say they want lower costs is that they want to pay less without getting less .
Heck , yes .
The latest ABC News / Washington Post poll found that 51 percent of Americans do n't want Congress to pass a health care bill this year , with only 44 percent favoring legislation .
The longer the debate goes on , the less support there is .
Granted , many of them may have only the vaguest idea of what the legislation would actually do .
Ignorance about government programs is often bliss , but in this case , complexity and impenetrability work against change .
Major changes in our economy and social welfare system need a broad public consensus , which does not exist on health care .
Given that most Americans are happy with both the quality of care they get and their own insurance coverage , they see more to lose than to gain from any alteration they do n't understand .
Doing nothing is the default option .
Everyone regards the bill too hot or too cold , too big or too small , too soft or too hard — never just right .
When it comes to changes in health care , Obama is discovering , the average American is not Goldilocks .
More like the princess and the pea .
COPYRIGHT 2009 CREATORS.COM
the sunday times gets an egg on its face
British pundit Dennis Sewell is back to blame all the evils of the modern world on the discovery of gradual genetic change in living organisms .
British pundit Dennis Sewell has drunk deep of the creationist elixir and cobbled together a terrible wreck of an article in the Sunday Times which is just one more manifestation of scientifically and historically dim and uninspired Darwin bashing we ’ve all heard again and again .
But that ’s the thing with creationists .
They have developed an immunity to facts and objective reasoning .
You could prove to them a million times that Darwin had nothing to do with those who would mutilate his theory of natural selection to create the pseudoscientific Frankenstein of noxious pseudoscientific garbage in question .
But after every single time , they will once again repeat the very nonsense you ’ve just demolished like nothing happened .
To give you an idea of how frustrating this is , allow me to present this bit by Lewis Black , who I ’m pretty sure I ’ll turn into over the next twenty years …
In his article , Sewell has the typical debate tactics of a creationist quote - bot down to a science , if you pardon the pun .
His authoritative sources of the Darwin - is - evil tripe include Darrell Scott , who ’s claims to fame are his woefully misinformed tirades about the evils of evolution which were brought to light by after his daughter was shot at Columbine and he found himself in front of a camera , and Ann Coulter who was the de facto definition of right wing insanity until we were introduced to Sarah Palin last year .
What , was Ray Comfort not available to comment on this story ?
How about Dinesh “ Could n’t Think His Way Out of a Paper Bag ” D’Souza with all his grand and inanely wordy insights ?
And what about Ben “ Science Makes You Kill People ” Stein ?
As long as we ’re asking clueless demagogues , why not go down their celebrity roster ?
To make matters even worse , this insipidity was published in the science section as if it was in any way a legitimate scientific or historical piece as it casually links Darwin to every ignoramus to ever malign his theory .
On this blog , I ’ve taken this issue up with Steve Newton , an expert on the subject at the NCSE and in the link included in the first paragraph , but I will mention again just how ridiculous this excuse for logic really is .
If we decide that scientists and engineers are responsible for every objectionable use or misuse of their ideas , we should be blaming the Wright brothers for fighter planes and 9/11 , John Dalton and all his work on the atomic theory of matter for nuclear weapons , Tim Bernes Lee and his prototype for the modern internet for spam and viruses , and Iron Age metallurgists for modern bullets .
Last , and certainly not least , we should also blame the Bible writers for racism because so many of the texts it contains have been used to justify slavery , misogyny , genocide and ethnic cleansing .
In fact , the Bible and Houston Stewart Chamberlain ’s anti-Semitic tracts were cited by Hitler as his inspiration for the Holocaust .
A horrifying mangling of natural selection was tacked on by those he employed based on loyalty and ideology rather than genuine education or scientific knowledge .
So , when are the creationist hordes going to start holding Chamberlain responsible ?
Or just plain old bigotry ?
And to think that Darwin wrote about the notion that helping each other and those less fortunate must ’ve been a product of natural selection , opposed slavery , and while being raised into the standard mentality of Victorian men , his views on women were almost liberal at the time .
His cousin Galton and ideologue Herbert Spencer created a pseudoscientific monster by combining the bits and pieces of Darwin ’s theory that interested them in justifying their bigotry and snobbishness as noble or prescribed by nature , and we ’ve been stuck with whole generations of snobs , racists and bigots who decided their skin color or the size of their bank account makes them better humans than those with darker skin or lighter wallets .
For them , the issues of biology and natural selection as it applies to social animals is irrelevant .
They just feel free to skip that part without realizing that a population which tries to preserve the “ purity ” of its genes actually becomes inbred and more prone to certain propagating genetic defects .
Why do you think populations of Orthodox Jews who insist that only pure - blooded Jews should marry in their communities have a disproportionate rate of Tay - Sachs ?
They ’re ignoring a basic principle of evolution which works best when genes are spread around .
If anything , evolution is like the hippie of scientific theories .
The more genetic variety you have , the more genes you try to mix , the more likely you are to develop resistance to more diseases and avoid carrier genes for any specific genetic condition , so this condition will be less likely to fully activate and more likely to go extinct .
This is what those focused on “ purity ” refuse to understand .
Pure humans do n’t exist .
They never have .
They ’re just a fanciful concept with no place in reality .
Instead , we all have our flaws and defects , and with a larger pool of genetic material available to a population , we ’re more likely to overcome them , incorporate each other ’s good genes and either mute or minimize the troublesome ones .
The aforementioned bigots will resist it because it makes them feel less special as humans .
The creationists will ignore that this is what evolution tells us when we actually focus on the science because accepting this fact does n’t give them the opportunity to drag Darwin through their verbal manure yet again .
So much so , that at this point , the Discovery Institute , AiG , Ray Comfort and now Sewell , are n’t just beating a dead horse but violating its bleached , skeletal remains with a disturbing and terribly misplaced zeal .
[ story idea via Jerry Coyne ]
Last night I stayed up playing X - Box Live Uno until 2 am .
I needed to get the last achievement in the game , an achievement requiring 40 wins .
I mean , I NEEDED TO .
On Friday , I had decided that I would get the achievement by the end of the weekend .
With 30 wins under my belt , it seemed like a reasonable goal .
I played it a lot over the weekend , as much as a grown - ass - man can justify playing virtual cards with strangers , but to no avail .
Last night , I was still 8 wins away from the 40 , and my reasonable goal had turned into an impossible one .
I lay in bed reading with my girlfriend , feeling the next morning fast approaching .
I found myself not paying attention to the words on the page .
My mind was somewhere else .
“ I think I ’m going to get up and play some Uno , ” I said to her , the relationship - equivalent of slamming down a green reverse card .
“ Okay , ” she said , smiling .
Behind that smile , I guessed she was holding a blue skip , just waiting for the right time to use it on me .
And before the green light of my 360 could do its little flutter , my mind was reeling with fancy , dreaming of the perfect hand ( 4 yellow numbers , 2 red numbers , and a wild ) .
I was hooked , all because of an achievement .
And yes , it ’s a game about virtual cards , with little skill involved .
For more of what I think of this game , watch this video featuring me , Uno , and a lot of vodka :
But I needed this last achievement .
I would have given up on the game long before , but the allure of that little Uno badge appearing on my completed games panel , it was just enough to keep me playing ranked match after ranked match , slowly trying to climb my way to 40 wins .
My avatar would have this on his completed games panel , or I would not sleep .
I did n’t used to be this guy .
I ’m still not this guy .
I know guys who are obsessed with their gamerscore , we all know these guys .
These are grownups , grown - ass - men who buy Hannah Montana : The Movie : The Game on day one , for both 360 and PS3 , because they hear the achievements and trophies are easy .
They spend hours of their lives , trying to extend an e-peen that no one but them and their ilk care about .
Microsoft does n’t even care .
They invented this thing — and by invented I mean they ripped it off from the casual game market — and yet they seem to just let it sit there .
Maybe they care , but fear mucking about with anything .
They ’ve made a system that connects with gamers , a system that a gamer can either ignore or obsess over , and although it ’s a simple system , in its current state it works .
I play games , I get points , my friends can see those points .
I can compare my points on individual games to my friends points on those same games .
It ’s a system that supplements all of the social gaming systems that exist on the 360 , and together they Autobots - Assemble into the reason most of us play cross-platform games on the 360 instead of the PS3 .
But achievements could be so much better .
Last night , I was obsessing over that last achievement so that I could get that little Uno icon on my profile page .
But does anyone even see that ?
No .
These badges should be displayed proudly .
They show to my friends and enemies and anyone else who cares — they show the world which games I was passionate about .
These are the ones I did n’t give up on when the new hotness in electronic entertainment rapped its knuckles on my door demanding my time .
These are the games I cared enough to go back to a year or two after finishing them .
I should be able to compare all of my achievements with all of my friends achievements in new ways , I should be able to stack friends side - by - side - by - side .
I should be alerted when a friend gets an achievement in a game I recently played .
Right now , I use Giant Bomb ’s excellent achievement tracking / communication features , but I should n’t have to go to an outside site to give me what Microsoft should give me on their own platform .
I now have Facebook , Twitter , and Last FM buttons on my dashboard , buttons I will rarely use , but my friends list has n’t been improved since the NXE launched .
Somewhere out there on the horizon is the promise of Avatar Awards , a promise that has yet to solidify into anything real .
I have a Halo Monitor buddy who zooms around my head , the only Avatar Award that I ’ve unlocked thus far .
I hear there ’s something in ‘ Splosion Man .
Why is n’t every company rushing to patch their old games with Avatar Awards ?
I just spent a weekend playing hand after hand of Uno to get a badge that no one but me sees .
Imagine what I would have done for a deck of virtual cards for my avatar to hold .
In the same way that it is a requirement to have 1000 gamerscore points in a game , Microsoft should require developers to include an Avatar Award with every game .
The only reason they do n’t , I guess , is because customers getting virtual duds for free would cut down on purchases in the avatar marketplace .
That said , people playing more games on your system ca n’t be a bad thing for you , old corporate buddy .
Now I want to say , it took me a year or two to even notice my gamerscore .
I still play games for the games .
But I ca n’t help but feel the encroaching demand of achievements and trophies .
As I get older , maybe I just need something more to pull me into the game .
Or maybe , after wasting another weekend of my ever - shortening life in front of a glowing screen , I just need that little nod from an unseen gaming god , a few fake points or a virtual t- shirt .
“ You ’re not wasting your life , ” those points say .
“ Look , I am points .
Come here , let me hold you . ”
And I let those points hold me .
Through the times when a game is less than great , I let those points hold me .
Through the times when I should be playing something new , but I ’m too broke to afford the hot new thing ?
I let those points hold me .
I can go back to an oldie - but - goodie , and I can try to go for those last few achievements .
I ’ll never be the guy who plays a bad game for achievements , but it appears as if I am becoming the guy who checks the achievements list when he first boots up the game , just so he does n’t miss anything .
And for games I like ?
For games I love ?
Achievements give me new ways to play , a way to show my friends the commitment I ’ve made to a particular gaming gem , and a little badge to hold me through the night .
At 2:05 am , I unlocked that last achievement in Xbox Live Uno , and do n’t tell my girlfriend , but I let it spoon me all night long .
— Adam Dorsey
Although we are fully aware that chaos , fear , and uncertainty loom heavy in the aftermath of an arrest , we encourage anyone who may be currently facing criminal allegations , as well as their families , to remain calm .
While this is no easy feat , it can certainly be made easier by working with experienced , compassionate , and highly attentive St. Louis criminal defense attorneys who are prepared to immediately set you at ease by reviewing your case and determining the ways in which your charges can be fought .
Aside from seeking proven legal representation , our firm recommends that you exercise your rights , specifically your right to remain silent .
You do not have to speak with law enforcement officers and you are never required to answer questions without a lawyer present .
Remaining silent can ensure that you do not say anything that can later be used to incriminate you .
Additionally , collecting all relevant legal documentation , taking notes of important dates and deadlines , and securing information of any witnesses who may be of benefit to your future defense are wise decisions that can aid you , and your attorney , as your legal process progresses .
This being said , consulting a knowledgeable and qualified lawyers should still be your first priority .
Now that tax season is rolling around average Americans are examining the implications of a difficult 2009 economy .
Yet the data on typical families shows that many Americans are falling further and further behind in this current economy .
It is sobering to realize that over 14 million American households live on $ 15,000 or less per year .
These statistics usually get lost in the noise of protecting the wealthy class with their generous tax breaks .
But when we examine the data even further we realize that even those with solid incomes of $ 100,000 to $ 200,000 per year are feeling the tax burden pinch with changes in the alternative minimum tax ( AMT ) .
What we can gather from the data is the small elite , the top 1 percent have managed to setup a structure that manages to use the rest of the population to finance their adventure .
First , let us breakdown the numbers :
75,000,000 U.S. households ( 66 percent of all households ) live on $ 75,000 a year or less .
54,000,000 live on $ 50,000 or less a year ( 47 percent of all households ) .
This is where the average American is financially in today ’s economy .
And most of this money comes from a job that pays a weekly or monthly paycheck and not some dividend check from a trust fund .
You always hear that the top “ x percent ” pay all the taxes .
Well the burden is now falling squarely on people that make $ 200,000 or less a year .
Just run the numbers for a $ 50,000 household :
After taxes a tax payer here in California is taking home about $ 2,900 per month .
The notion that the very rich pay all the taxes is really a misnomer .
They also get the most breaks .
And the distribution is even more skewed .
It should be said that most of the taxes are paid by those under the top 1 percent umbrella .
But once you get over that hurdle , the numbers become more interesting .
The extremely wealthy are the people getting all the perks of the current system ; accounting gimmicks , offshore accounts , capital gains tax rates that are favorable , and other items like carryover losses that most Americans never even deal with .
The bailouts , the tax breaks , and items that specifically only improve their bottom line .
First , let us move up the financial ladder :
In fact an income of $ 100,000 or more a year puts you in the top 15 percent of wealth earners in this country .
Looking at 2006 IRS records shows that an income of $ 108,904 would put you in the top 10 percent while an income of $ 388,806 would put you in the top 1 percent .
And here is the real break .
Because tax breaks become more generous for the ultra rich especially when a large number live off of capital gains and only pay 15 percent in taxes on this while working grunts have to pay every imaginable tax on the books .
Let us run the numbers for a family making $ 100,000 in California :
A single filer in California making $ 100,000 a year will take home roughly $ 5,000 per month .
They are paying in taxes nearly 40 percent per year .
But take for example someone that is taking in $ 100,000 a year in capital gains .
The W - 2 worker is paying roughly $ 40,000 in taxes per year while the capital gains earner is paying $ 15,000 per year .
That is a significant difference but this is how the ultra wealthy protect their money .
This argument that all these gains are earned through the free market belies the fact that right now the vast majority are implementing bailout policies that are protecting the mega rich .
Why else do you think Wall Street is jumping up and down because of this 70 percent stock market rally while most Americans still have little faith in the economy :
Funny how only 12 percent actually think the economy is excellent or good .
Probably the people that have their money loaded up in Wall Street .
However the vast majority still see the economy as performing poorly because it is .
The unemployment and underemployment rate is up to 17.3 percent and would be higher if we calculated the numbers more accurately .
For example , we have people that are simply dropping out of the work force and no longer impact the headline rate .
So for many Americans , the recession is still dragging them further into a slump .
And this observation is not limited just to the facts .
Take a look at some analysis ( a 2005 article before the bust ) :
“ ( NY Times ) The Times analysis also shows that over the next decade , the tax cuts Mr. Bush wants to extend indefinitely would shift the burden further from the richest Americans .
With incomes of more than $ 1 million or so , they would get the biggest share of the breaks , in total amounts and in the drop in their share of federal taxes paid .
One reason the merely rich will fare much less well than the very richest is the alternative minimum tax .
This tax , the successor to one enacted in 1969 to make sure the wealthiest Americans could not use legal loopholes to live tax - free , has never been adjusted for inflation .
As a result , it stings Americans whose incomes have crept above $ 75,000 .
The Times analysis shows that by 2010 the tax will affect more than four - fifths of the people making $ 100,000 to $ 500,000 and will take away from them nearly one - half to more than two - thirds of the recent tax cuts .
For example , the group making $ 200,000 to $ 500,000 a year will lose 70 percent of their tax cut to the alternative minimum tax in 2010 , an average of $ 9,177 for those affected .
But because of the way it is devised , the tax affects far fewer of the very richest : about a third of the taxpayers reporting more than $ 1 million in income .
One big reason is that dividends and investment gains , which go mostly to the richest , are not subject to the tax . ”
And this is exactly what we saw in the following five years and are still seeing .
Republicans and Democrats alike seem destined to protect this elite group .
Hedge fund gains and Wild West gambling on Wall Street allowed the ultra rich to pull away from the average American pack while not even paying their fair share in taxes .
This is still going on by the way since the system also allows carryover losses in stocks and wonderful loopholes to game the system .
“ Another reason that the wealthiest will fare much better is that the tax cuts over the past decade have sharply lowered rates on income from investments .
While most economists recognize that the richest are pulling away , they disagree on what this means .
Those who contend that the extraordinary accumulation of wealth is a good thing say that while the rich are indeed getting richer , so are most people who work hard and save .
They say that the tax cuts encourage the investment and the innovation that will make everyone better off .
“ In this income data I see a snapshot of a very innovative society , ” said Tim Kane , an economist at the Heritage Foundation .
“ Lower taxes and lower marginal tax rates are leading to more growth .
There ’s an explosion of wealth .
We are so wealthy in a world that is profoundly poor . ”
Of course that was their impression before they realized all the wealth of the average American was merely debt financed gains pushed out by Wall Street .
It was all hat and no cattle .
The real wealth , financial wealth is controlled by the top 1 percent who control the levers of 42 percent of our nation ’s financial wealth .
“ But some of the wealthiest Americans , including Warren E. Buffett , George Soros and Ted Turner , have warned that such a concentration of wealth can turn a meritocracy into an aristocracy and ultimately stifle economic growth by putting too much of the nation ’s capital in the hands of inheritors rather than strivers and innovators .
Speaking of the increasing concentration of incomes , Alan Greenspan , the Federal Reserve chairman , warned in Congressional testimony a year ago : “ For the democratic society , that is not a very desirable thing to allow it to happen . ”
And this is an enormous issue of framing the argument with phony data .
“ Poor people do n’t pay taxes . ”
Actually they do .
A poor person who buys a $ 100 TV here in California pays the same 9.25 % sales tax as the wealthy person .
They also pay into the Social Security and Medicare system .
But again , the uber wealthy only like to look at Federal tax rates and frame the issue to their own liking .
What about the hidden tax of inflation that has pushed up the cost of food and education ?
Remember that estate tax debate ?
Most of us have heard of it but this turns out to be an incredibly narrow issue that only helps the ultra rich :
Source : IRS
So we had a major debate for 50,000 tax filers in a nation with over 113,000,000 households ?
The top 1 percent are betting on you not doing the numbers .
They want to keep the game going because it is rigged in their favor .
The banking bailouts are largely a transfer of wealth to those who least need it .
Until we get this thing under control , the average American is going to feel the pinch of the economy deeper and deeper .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
HOUSTON  A combination of frigid weather , expectations of an improving economy and new tensions between Russia and Belarus catapulted crude oil prices above $ 81 a barrel on Monday to the highest close in nearly 15 months .
Energy markets are beginning the year with a number of economic signs that could help push prices higher still .
Traders viewed reports of increased manufacturing activity and passenger car sales in December as indications that the economy was on the mend .
Meanwhile , India reported a substantial increase in oil imports .
The eighth consecutive trading session of rising prices was also attributed to nervousness over reports that Russia might charge higher prices and raise export taxes on oil sent to Belarus for refining for European markets .
And heating oil futures rose to the highest level in more than a year as cold weather was reported across much of Europe , China and the United States .
Gasoline prices , which had been falling until recently , have reversed course to jump 6 cents in the last week .
And with American stockpiles of crude oil sliding by 19.5 million barrels in the last month , higher prices at the pump could be coming in the weeks ahead .
HAVING written cookbooks with the chef Jean - Georges Vongerichten ( along with being his friend ) for more than 15 years , I ’ve seen him develop a fair number of stunning recipes .
My favorites have always been the simple ones , those that came from his Alsatian background or his years working and traveling in Asia .
And I was never more impressed than when he created his version of fried rice , topped with crisp ginger and a fried egg .
It ’s the straightforward but extremely clever refinements on the classic that make his recipe special .
Like all fried - rice dishes , you must start this one with leftover rice ; fresh rice is simply too moist .
( Mr. Vongerichten specifies jasmine rice , but white from Chinese takeout works nearly as well and is more convenient . )
Unlike most , his is cooked in rendered chicken fat , which has incomparable flavor .
With the chef ’s blessing , I tested the recipe with peanut oil , which is fine .
Perhaps unsurprisingly — this is a chef ’s recipe , after all — the recipe requires separate cooking processes : ginger and garlic are crisped , leeks softened , rice and eggs fried .
But no step takes more than a few minutes , and the recipe is absolutely worth the effort .
To serve , the chef molds the rice into gorgeous mounds and carefully tops each with egg and garnishes , and here ’s where I draw the line .
I prefer to spend my time cooking and eating rather than making this little dish look pretty .
Earlier this evening a couple of hundred lucky people were treated to a special screening of ' The End Of Time , Part One ' , the first half of David Tennant 's final Doctor Who adventure , at BBC HQ in London .
This first episode - due to air on Christmas Day on BBC One , and December 26 on BBC America - mainly concerns itself with setting up events for the climactic final half .
So what can we tell you ?
Welllll , saying too much would ruin the surprises and prompt Russell T Davies to come burn down our office so instead , be prepared to be teased in the most gentle of ways with these ten hints :
1 . The first line of the episode ?
" It is said that in the final days of planet Earth , everyone had bad dreams . "
2. Continuing the Children In Need scene , where The Doctor is in the cave with The Ood , he sees visions of The Master , Joshua Naismith ... and Wilf .
3 . The Master 's resurrection is preposterous .
Absolutely preposterous .
Lucy Saxon - incarcerated after the events of ' The Last of the Time Lords ' - plays a key part in the process .
And she has such lovely lipstick .
4 . We do n't have to wait too long before The Master and The Doctor come face - to - face for their Star Wars - esque battle .
Other films getting small nods in ' Part One ' include Jaws 2 ( thump thump ) and The Matrix .
5. Joshua Naismith , an idiot and a fool , wants Harold Saxon The Master to do something for him .
6 . There 's an awful lot of Wilf in this episode .
Not too much Donna to start with , although we find out what she 's been doing with her life while The Doctor 's been absent .
And she 's still very special .
7. POTUS !
8. Random words from the script : " cactus " ( Wilf ) , " shimmer " ( Doctor ) , " coincidence " ( TV ) , " so hungry " ( Master ) , " ... new man goes sauntering away " ( Doctor ) .
9 . New picture alert :
10 .
An entry posted here on Tube Talk in the last day or so ( not necessarily Who - related ) is actually pretty significant .
What do you make of our hints ?
Any guesses ?
Add your comments to this entry below !
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
THERE are 3,000 free - drifting buoys in the world ’s ocean ; first deployed in the year 2000 they allow continuous monitoring of the temperature , salinity , and velocity of the upper ocean .
There has though been some difficulty in interpreting the data from these buoys .
Initial signs of cooling were dismissed as due to technical errors subsequently corrected based on a small sample of the 3,000 buoys known as profiling floats .
Craig Loehle has analysed the data from only the profiling floats for ocean heat content from 2003 to 2008 .
In a paper recently published in the journal Energy and Environment he has concluded that there has been ocean cooling over this period .
This graphic is from figure 1 of the technical paper and shows the decline in ocean heat content ( x1022J ) smoothed with a 1 - 2 - 1 filter .
Dr Loehle ’s findings are consistent with satellite and surface instrumental records that do not showing a warming trend over recent years .
*************************
Notes
Craig Loehle is a senior scientist at the Illinois - based ‘ National Council for Air and Stream Improvement ’ .
Cooling of the global ocean since 2003 .
Craig Loehle , 2009 .
Energy and Environment .
Volume 20 .
Argo ( free - floating buoys ) Homepage http://www.argo.ucsd.edu/
Apologies to Josh Willis : Correcting Global Cooling ( Part 3 ) http://jennifermarohasy.com/blog/2008/11/apologies-to-josh-willis-correcting-ocean-cooling-part-3/
Correcting Ocean Cooling : NASAChanges Data to Fit the Models Adjusts Data from Buoys http://jennifermarohasy.com/blog/2008/11/correcting-ocean-cooling-nasa-changes-data-to-fit-the-models/
Global Warming ’s Missing Heat http://jennifermarohasy.com/blog/2008/03/global-warmings-missing-heat/
UNITED NATIONS  Kai Eide , the departing United Nations envoy to Afghanistan , warned the Security Council on Wednesday that an emphasis on security matters over social issues would doom international efforts to stabilize the country .
“ The political strategy is too often shaped as an appendix to military thinking , ” Mr. Eide said .
Although Mr. Eide , a Norwegian , did not mention the United States by name , his comments appeared to be an oblique criticism of the recent American - led focus on a military surge , with the Obama administration committing another 30,000 troops there and some allies increasing their forces as well .
Rosemary A. DiCarlo , the American envoy addressing the Security Council , noted that the United States planned to triple the number of civilians sent to help with reconstruction and economic and agricultural development ; the number will grow to 1,000 experts from 320 now .
But Mr. Eide said the growing impatience among the countries contributing troops and aid , the frustration of Afghans that so many promises had gone unmet and the Taliban resurgence had the potential to bring chaos .
As seen in ...
Wired , NPR's Talk of the Nation , NY Post , CNN , NPR 's Morning Edition , Current TV , NPR's Marketplace , and NBC's Today Show !
What is Jelly ?
Jelly is a casual working event .
It 's taken place in over a hundred cities where people have come together ( in a person 's home , a coffee shop , or an office ) to work for the day .
We provide chairs and sofas , wireless internet , and interesting people to talk to , collaborate with , and bounce ideas off of .
You bring a laptop ( or whatever you need to get your work done ) and a friendly disposition .
Watch this video about Jelly , or read about it in Wired , Why do you do this ?
Jelly started in NYC in February of 2006 when roommates Amit and Luke realized that they loved working from home , but they missed the creative brainstorming , sharing , and camaraderie of a traditional office .
( Office politics , not so much . )
So they started inviting friends to come work from their home one day a week .
They soon found that working in close proximity to new and interesting people every couple weeks resulted in new ideas and interesting conversations .
Emboldened by their early success , they made it a more regular thing .
Jelly was born .
Who can come to Jelly ?
Anyone !
We see a lot of designers , developers , and internet types , but we 've also had musicians , cooks , sound designers , tea sommeliers , product designers , photographers , writers , and more .
Some of us are entrepreneurs or freelancers .
Others work in an office most of the time , but work at Jelly for fresh ideas and a change of pace .
No matter what you do or what you create , you 're welcome to come to Jelly and share your talent and learn from others .
When is the next one ?
It depends !
Check out the left side of this page to find more information about Jelly in a city near you .
There are Jellies starting up everywhere .
Start your own or help out !
Can I start a Jelly ?
Hells yeah !
Email [ Turn on JavaScript to see the email address ] and we 'll help you get started .
Can you show me what Jelly is ?
Ok .
Push play .
A senior Democratic Party official responded furiously today to a memo from a Coakley adviser arguing that the national party bears a large share of blame for failing to support her financially and sticking her with unpopular policies on health care and Afghanistan .
The official writes :
This memo is a pack full of lies and fantasies —
The DNC and the DSCC did everything they were asked and have been involved in the race for several weeks , not just the last one .
The campaign failed to recognize this threat , failed to keep Coakley on the campaign trail , failed to create a negative narrative about Brown , failed to stay on the air in December while he was running a brilliant campaign .
It 's wishful thinking from a pollster , candidate and campaign team that were caught napping and are going to allow one of the worst debacles in American political history to happen on their watch that they are at the 11th hour are going to blame others .
Before the DNC and DSCC got involved there was barely a single piece of paper on what the narrative is on Brown .
The candidate in this race and the campaign have been involved in the worst case of political malpractice in memory and they are n't going to be able to spin themselves out of this with a memo full of lies .
Now that really IS the wrong type of snow on the line !
It 's not just in Britain where the weather is bringing travel chaos
As Britain struggles to cope with a few inches of snow , spare a thought for the travellers who were trapped on this train in Mongolia .
Snow drifts several metres deep meant an army of rescue workers had to be sent out to free the passengers from their carriages .
Heavy snow and unusually harsh winter weather snarled up transport across India , northern China and South Korea .
Wrong type of snow : Police prepare to shovel away snow that left a train stranded in Shangdu , Inner Mongolia
Getting back on the tracks : Rescue workers dig away underneath the stricken Mongolian train
Major roads in Beijing and Tianjin , as well as nearby provinces Hebei , Shanxi and Inner Mongolia , were forced to close due to the heavy snow .
The snow shows no sign of stopping , however , and temperatures are expected to drop to - 16C in Beijing today , causing more problems for those attempting to return to work after a three - day New Year holiday .
Clearing the way : A man uses a snowplough to clean the road at Seoul plaza downtown in the South Korean capital
Beijing began the working week after a blast of harsh cold and heavy snow blanketed the capital and surrounding cities over the weekend , paralysing highways and forcing the cancellation of dozens of flights .
As the cold snap moved east , swathes of the Korean peninsula were also hit by heavy snow choking up the rush - hour commute in Seoul , where the main domestic airport , Gimpo , cancelled all domestic flights .
INDIA
In the northern Indian plains , close to 100 people died in the cold wave keeping its grip with rain and snow in the mountainous regions , drastically bringing down temperatures .
The victims were mostly poor people forced to live rough , sleeping on the streets or in many cases out in the open with little or no covering .
The majority of the victims , about 72 , were from the poorest and relatively underdeveloped Uttar Pradesh province , north of the federal capital , New Delhi , where state help was limited .
UNITED STATES
Freezing weather have gripped large parts of the U.S. with no relief in sight for the rest of the week .
The US experienced its coldest winter in nine years in December as snow storms swept across the country , said private weather forecaster Planalytics .
' Following the warmest November since 2001 , the month of December 2009 ended the coldest since 2000 , ' a Planalytics analyst said .
The wind chill took the temperatures in Minneapolis , Minnesota , down to - 17C .
F -f - fetch !
A dog - walker wraps up warm in Minneapolis , where temperatures have plunged to - 17C
While the upper Midwest is used to frigid weather , the sunshine state Florida is also suffering freezing temperatures .
The Panhandle and much of northern Florida is under a hard freeze warning , the National Weather Service says .
The warning extended almost down to Tampa along the Gulf Coast .
Florida officials have been urging residents , visitors and farmers to prepare for temperatures near or below the freezing mark this week .
Along with the dangerously cold temperatures , residents in Montana are braced for blizzard conditions with snowfall of 12 to 20 inches possible across parts of the state .
In Chicago , residents bundled up on another bitterly cold day .
Despite the dangerous cold , some people ventured out - especially parishioners at Holy Name Cathedral .
' It 's God first .
Even though weather is terrible , we 've still got to go to church , ' Alez Alverez told CNN .
In the Northeast , the Weather Service warned that a large storm off the New England coast would continue to bring heavy snow to much of central New York state .
RUSSIA
A country much more used to dealing with high levels of snow , Russia saw temperature lows of a chilling - 20C in Moscow today .
Those travelling on trains at stations near the Russian city of Vorkuta , attempted to continue their journeys despite the freezing conditions .
A worker tries to clear the train tracks while a man , unaware of the train approaching him , attempts to cross
Workers also tried to sweep snow from the train tracks , but found it was falling too fast to clear .
However , two men making the most of the snow were Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin who decided to take to the slopes in Krasnaya Polyana near the Black Sea resort of Sochi in southern Russia .
The duo donned heavy jackets and goggles as they skiied together , with Putin looking serious as the pair indulged in some seemingly serious political conversations .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ( right ) and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on their skiing trip
The pair relax on a snowmobile after exerting themselves skiing
GERMANY
The snow caused more problems with flights in Germany , with one jet veering off the runway at Dortmund airport in western Germany .
The Air Berlin Boeing 737-800 braked to abort the take - off due to a ' technical irregularity ' , but none of the 165 passengers and six crew members were injured .
All passengers and crew were left unharmed after the Air Berlin plane aborted its take - off
The plane was not damaged but flights from the airport were cancelled or diverted for a large part of the day .
Airline spokeswoman Diane Daedelow said : ' A combination of the snowy weather and the speed the plane was travelling at forced the plane to skid off the runway . '
Over 30 flights from Frankfurt airport were also cancelled this morning .
Snow covers the trees on the mountain Schauinsland in the Black Forest , Germany
Tourists photograph each other beside the snow - covered concrete steles at the Memorial for the Murdered Jews of Europe in Berlin
Anzeige
Deutsche Kinder haben Schwierigkeiten mit dem Lesen .
In Schulbüchern erscheinen vereinfachte Fassungen bekannter Texte , weil Astrid Lindgren für einen durchschnittlichen Achtjährigen zu hoch ist .
Auch die Studenten , die seit Monaten für bessere Studienbedingungen demonstrieren , sind ihres Lesens nicht mehr sicher .
Laut einer Untersuchung der Universität Dortmund können nur noch die wenigsten einen komplexen und abstrakten
Text durchdringen , weshalb nicht mehr von Lesefaulheit , sondern von " intellektueller Legasthenie " zu sprechen sei .
In der Gesamtbevölkerung gelten inzwischen vier Millionen Bundesbürger als funktionale Analphabeten .
Sie kennen zwar die Buchstaben , sind aber schon mit dem Lesen eines einfachen Hinweisschilds hoffnungslos überfordert .
Vor diesem Hintergrund ein Zitat von Angela Merkel , nachzulesen , wenn Sie können , in der deutschen " Le monde diplomatique " vom November 2009 :
" Stellen Sie sich nur kurz einmal vor , wir würden zehn Jahre lang , vier Stunden in der Woche , genauso viel über unsere Körper lernen wie über die deutsche Sprache und Geschichte .
Medizin als Hauptfach - warum eigentlich nicht , meine Damen und Herren , soll das Lesenlernen eine öffentliche Angelegenheit sein , aber das Gesund - leben - Lernen nicht ?
Warum soll der Körper nur im Sportunterricht vorkommen , warum könnte nicht im Lehrplan stehen , wie man Kopfschmerzen vermeidet , wie man Zuckerkrankheit gar nicht erst entstehen lässt , wie man gesund kocht oder einen Wadenwickel anlegt ? "
Anzeige
Ja , zum Teufel , warum eigentlich nicht ?
Jetzt ganz scharf nachdenken .
Vielleicht weil ein Wadenwickel weniger wichtig ist als Sprache und Geschichte ?
Weil das Vermeiden von Kopfschmerzen im Gegensatz zur Alphabetisierung tatsächlich keine öffentliche Angelegenheit darstellt ?
Falsch ?
Falsch .
Wer derartige Zweifel hegt , muss in spießigen bildungsbürgerlichen Ideen aus dem vorletzten Jahrhundert gefangen sein .
Immerhin ist auch die Schweinegrippe eindeutig wichtiger als der Notstand im deutschen Schul - und Hochschulsystem .
Wir leben schließlich nicht in einer Bildungsnation , sondern in einer öffentlichen Krankenstation .
Ein Blick in die Schlagzeilen der letzten Monate beweist das .
Während sich Studenten und Schüler gegen die Auswirkungen der Bologna - Umstellung wehren , kämpfen Presse und Politik lautstark gegen H1N1 .
Die Bundesländer haben 600 Millionen Euro , also einen Betrag , der in etwa dem geschätzten Gesamtaufkommen der Erststudiengebühren im Wintersemester 09/10 entspricht , für einen Impfstoff ausgegeben , der von der Bevölkerung nicht angenommen wird und deshalb zur Kostendeckung ins Ausland verscherbelt werden muss .
Bislang hat Deutschland 94 Schweinegrippe - Opfer zu verzeichnen .
Auf " normale " Influenza sind , je nach Statistik , 6000 bis 20 000 Todesfälle pro Jahr zurückzuführen .
Angesichts solcher Vergleichszahlen muss man den Schweinegrippen - Hype wohl als gesundheitspolitische Hysterie bezeichnen .
Die Schweinebedingungen im Bildungssystem hingegen sind äußerst konkret .
Was haben diese beiden Dinge nun miteinander zu tun ?
Ganz einfach :
In einer Demokratie sind politische Entscheidungen auf eine gesamtgesellschaftliche Prioritätensetzung zurückzuführen .
Wenn für Bildung auf politischer Ebene notorisch das Geld und auf privater Ebene notorisch die Zeit fehlt , dann stellt dieser Zusammenhang keinen Zufall dar .
Im Gegenteil : Er ist ein Ausdruck von wechselseitiger Kausalität .
Anders gesagt :
Wer keine Zeit hat , ein Buch zu lesen , während es für die tägliche Stunde Fitnesscenter oder Yoga durchaus reicht ; wem ein Theaterbesuch zu teuer ist , die neue Anti-Falten - Creme mit dreifachem Wirkstoffkomplex aber nicht ; wer politische Demonstrationen sinnlos findet und am Wochenende mit Tausenden von Gleichgesinnten in bunten Wurstpellen durch die Innenstadt joggt - der muss sich nicht wundern , wenn sein Kind in der Schule Lindgren light zu lesen bekommt .
Anzeige
Einst gab es den schönen Satz : " Es kommt auf die inneren Werte an . "
Gemeint waren nicht die Blut- oder Leberwerte .
Stark , schön und gesund sein kann auch ein Tier ; lesen und schreiben kann nur der Mensch , vorausgesetzt , man bringt es ihm bei .
Homo sapiens definierte sich über seine Vernunft , über Sprachbegabung , Intelligenz , Bewusstsein oder Seele , mithin über geistige Eigenschaften .
Selbst die immer wieder aufs Neue missverstandene Mens - sana - in - corpore - sano - Formel begründete die Notwendigkeit von körperlicher Ertüchtigung mit dem Erhalt der Geisteskraft und betrachtete somit das Herumschrauben an der Physis als Mittel zu einem höheren Zweck .
Es bereitet mir kaum noch Mühe , diese Sätze in der Vergangenheitsform zu formulieren .
Würde man heute jungen Eltern die Frage stellen : " Was hättet ihr lieber , ein schlankes Kind oder ein fettes , das den Dreisatz kann ? " - ich würde für die Antwort keine Hand ins Feuer legen .
Wer wissen will , wie es um unsere Präferenzen bestellt ist , muss nur die Gehirnwaschmaschine namens Werbung einschalten .
Ob Fernsehen , Radio oder Plakate - gezeigt werden nicht Menschen , die 23 mal 7 im Kopf multiplizieren , " Satellit " buchstabieren oder das deutsche Wahlsystem erklären können .
Sondern solche , die jung , schön und leistungsfähig sind , weil sie das Richtige essen , die richtige Kosmetik benutzen und mehr Vitamin - Präparate als Bücher im Schrank haben .
Auch der Spam in meinem E - Mail - Postfach bietet keine Goethe - Gesamtausgaben , sondern Schwanzverlängerungen und Diätprogramme an .
Es lebe der Körper .
Bildung ist unsexy .
Vielleicht erklärt sich in diesem Zusammenhang , warum kein Aufschrei durchs Land ging , als sich ein Kamikaze - Kommando aus europäischen Bildungsministern anschickte , eine unserer schönsten Errungenschaften , nämlich das Universitätssystem Humboldtscher Prägung in eine Karikatur seiner selbst zu verwandeln .
Ausgerechnet das deutsche Dichter - und - Denker - Land kämpfte an erster Front für eine Reform , die nicht aus Not stattfand , sondern in der Überzeugung , die Umdeutung von Bildungsanstalten in Ausbildungs - Camps sei eine " zeitgemäße " und damit gute Idee .
Die Hauptziele der Reform heißen nicht Wissensvermittlung , Persönlichkeitsbildung und Forschungsfreiheit .
Sie heißen Mobilität , Wettbewerbsfähigkeit und Arbeitstauglichkeit .
Anzeige
Die Umstellung von Köpfchen auf Kröpfchen ist ausnahmsweise nicht den allgegenwärtigen Sachzwängen geschuldet .
Sie geschieht freiwillig .
Dahinter steht ein Paradigmenwechsel , der die geistigen Qualitäten des Menschen von Platz Eins der Werteskala verdrängt und das materiell Messbare über alles setzt .
Exit unberechenbares Rätsel Mensch , enter genormte Biomaschine .
Dies ist nicht nur eine Folge des Gottesverlustes , der die Menschen zwingt , in Ermangelung eines Unsterblichkeitsversprechens ihr Heil in der Perfektionierung des Körperlich - Diesseitigen zu suchen .
Es ist zugleich Ausdruck der umfassenden Ökonomisierung aller Lebensbereiche , nach deren Gesetzen Zeit niemals mehr als Geld sein kann und kurzfristige Effizienzerwägungen mehr zählen als das längerfristig angelegte humanistische Bildungsideal .
Der ideale Mensch von heute muss funktionieren .
Er darf nicht nur nicht krank sein , er muss sich auch sonst stets innerhalb der Norm bewegen .
Das Verbot von Abweichungen wird mit Kostenrelevanz begründet .
Entgegen dem Gerede von gesellschaftlicher Solidarität lädt jeder Bürger Schuld auf sich , dessen individueller Weg die sogenannte Gemeinschaft teuer zu stehen kommt .
Deshalb muss sich ein Student , der länger als acht Semester die Uni besucht , ebenso schämen wie ein dicker Mensch , der als potenzieller Herzpatient eines Tages erhöhte Pflegeleistungen in Anspruch nehmen könnte .
So kommt es , dass Juraprofessoren weitgehend ungehört darüber klagen , dass angehende Anwälte nicht mehr in der Lage sind , einen korrekten Satz zu formulieren , während sich Volksbegehren mit Rauchverboten beschäftigen und das Gesundheitsministerium die Hälfte der Bundesbevölkerung für fettleibig erklärt .
In Reaktion auf die Studentenproteste verspricht die Kultusministerkonferenz kleine Nachbesserungen am Bologna - Debakel .
Etwas weniger Prüfungen hier , ein bisschen erleichterter Hochschulwechsel da .
Aber jeder , der schon einmal eine Tasse zerbrochen hat , weiß , dass man diese nicht reparieren kann , in dem man einzelne Stücke hin und her wendet .
Es ist ein altes menschliches Dilemma , dass es Jahrhunderte dauern kann , etwas aufzubauen , während die Zerstörung erstaunlich kurze Zeit in Anspruch nimmt .
Als Dozentin habe ich erlebt , wie sich Studenten , die angetreten waren , ihre intellektuellen Fähigkeiten zu schulen , binnen weniger Wochen zu ferngesteuerten Credit - Fressern entwickelten .
Die verbesserte internationale Mobilität wird nicht genutzt , weil niemand mehr Zeit und Nerven für einen Auslandsaufenthalt besitzt .
Ein Geschichtsprofessor rechnete mir vor , dass ein Student nach Erfüllung der Bologna - Anforderungen noch eine Stunde pro Woche dem Lesen eines Buchs widmen kann .
Vergessen wir doch einfach die Sache mit dem Lesen .
Dank modernster RFID - Technologie kann bald die Packungsbeilage jedes Grippemittels als Hörbuch herausgebracht werden .
Vergessen wir überhaupt diese ganzen vertrödelten , ökonomisch nicht zu legitimierenden Geisteswissenschaften .
Das würde gewiss auch zur Vermeidung von Kopfschmerzen beitragen .
Lassen wir die protestierenden Studenten für die Bachelor - Prüfung fleißig mit dem Wadenwickel üben .
Dann ist bald endgültig Schluss mit Aufmüpfigkeiten aller Art .
Wo steht denn überhaupt geschrieben , dass es auf die inneren Werte ankomme ?
Es gilt doch längst eine viel simplere Weisheit , die niemand mehr anzuzweifeln wagt : Hauptsache , wir sind gesund .
Juli Zeh ist Schriftstellerin und Juristin .
Zuletzt erschien ihr Essay " Angriff auf die Freiheit " , den sie zusammen mit Ilija Trojanow verfasste .
[ Thanks to Richard for this link . ]
" " If youâ€ ™re looking for a new role where youâ€™ll focus on one of the biggest issues that is top of mind for KT and Steve B in â€ œCompeteâ€ , build a complete left to right understanding of the subsidiary , have a large amount of executive exposure , build and manage the activities of a v-team of 13 district Linux& Open Office Compete Leads , and develop a broad set of marketing skills and report to a management team committed to development and recognized for high WHI this is the position for you ! "
The towers of Hogwarts Castle rise above Florida in this new photograph , released Monday by Universal Orlando .
Although Universal says the castle is still " very much a work in progress , " the grand centerpiece of its Wizarding World of Harry Potter theme park already looks amazing .
When the park opens this spring , Hogwarts Castle will contain an attraction called Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey and will overlook the town of Hogsmeade , in which you and a million other fans will be jostling for your chance to drink Butterbeer and buy Chocolate Frogs .
Photo : Kevin Kolczynski / Universal Orlando Resort
See Also :
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , December 1 , 2009
Shocking newly uncovered UN strategy documents reveal how elitists are recruiting members of academia from all over the globe in an effort to hide the “ end - run ” around national sovereignty that their agenda represents , emphasizing how the climategate crooks who were recently caught manipulating scientific data in order to “ hide the decline ” in global warming are working with the United Nations in the pursuit of a world government justified by the global warming fraud that they are helping to perpetrate .
One of the planning papers , entitled “ The UNEP That We Want , ” was produced by a specially selected group of influential environmental bureaucrats and delivered to the UNEP Executive Director Achim Steiner .
The United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) is the regulatory body that established the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , the politicized organization that has attempted to slam the lid shut on global warming skepticism by claiming it is the supreme authority , despite the fact that scientists used by the IPCC were caught manipulating data and conspiring to hide evidence of global cooling during the climategate scandal .
The IPCC has attempted to deny the gravitas of climategate by claiming that it has no bearing on their conclusions about global warming , despite the fact that scientists at the University of East Anglia used intimidation and academic witch hunts to ensure that data they did n’t agree with politically was blocked from appearing in the IPCC ’s fourth assessment report , which was published in 2007 .
Participants who contributed to the first UNEP document included Janos Pasztor , currently head of the team pushing U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon ’s unprecedented Seal the Deal lobbying campaign to pressure U.N. member governments into signing a new environmental agreement at Copenhagen , Dominic Waughray , currently head of environmental initiatives at the World Economic Forum ; and Maria Ivanova , and Bulgarian academic Maria Ivanova , director of the Global Economic Governance Project at the Yale Center for Environmental Law and Policy .
[ efoods ]
The first document is very similar to a second UNEP paper entitled , “ Proposed Medium Term Strategy 2010 - 2013 . ”
The documents outline a program of implementing a global system of governance based around environmental regulations and laws , stressing the agenda for the “ evolutionary nature of strengthening international environmental governance . ”
The aim of elevating UNEP ’s influence to a position where it dictates rules to nation states , rather than nation states being the supervisors of UNEP as is currently the case , is advocated .
The documents discuss recruiting academia to further the power of UNEP , noteworthy in light of the recent climategate scandal where scientists at major universities were caught hiding evidence of global cooling .
“ As the Swiss paper puts it , UNEP “ should pioneer a new style of work .
This requires going beyond a narrow interpretation of UNEP ’s stakeholders as comprising its member states — or even the world ’s governments — and recruiting a far wider community of support , in civil society , the academic world and the private sector . ”
At the same time the paper warns that these groups need to be “ harnessed to the UNEP mission without appearing to make an end - run around the member governments , ” summarizes Fox News ’ George Russell .
This passage is fairly damning , as the UN is all but admitting that the program does represent an “ end - run around member governments , ” and that they have to do their best to hide the fact .
That academics should be “ harnessed to the UNEP mission ” and not harnessed to producing unbiased scientific data about global warming also reveals how the climate change issue has been hijacked to serve the requirements of a global elite hell - bent on world government .
The first document also calls for an “ Environmental Bretton Woods for the 21st Century , ” where the environmental agenda is inextricably linked with the economy and the UN ’s role is to have command over the economies of national governments .
The goals included in the four - year strategy paper include “ efforts at local , national and global levels ” to raise “ sufficient finance to meet environmental challenges , including climate change , ” which translates as using the problem of global warming to raise money for the operation of the global government structure which is being called for in the planning papers .
The goals enshrined in the documents , a counterpart to the globally binding agreement the UN is seeking to achieve in Copenhagen next month , are “ certain to remain a UNEP rallying cry long after the Copenhagen meeting is over — and while the other brainstorming ideas that went into the new four - year strategy , not to mention the strategy itself , go into effect , ” writes Russell .
This document represents yet another smoking gun proving that the climate cult movement is all about expanding the power of a dictatorial , unelected global government , diluting powers of nation states , seizing control of the global economy , eviscerating the middle class with a raft of new regulations and laws , and shutting down industry with impossible CO2 reduction mandates , while erecting environmentalism , which is really a thin veil for global fascism , as the new universal religion .
This has nothing to do with saving the earth and , as the climategate scandal has illustrated , nothing to do with the real science – but everything to do with a relatively small clique of globalists running roughshod over humanity itself in pursuit of their malthusian control freak agenda .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Check this crazy wedding video from Dagestan .
They have some really bizarre wedding traditions :) Learn more about Dagestan wedding traditions here
– SOCIAL REPORT –
Recent events around the uber - hyped Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen may be overshadowing the entire Green Movement , and casting a pale pallor of doubt over our entire outlook on the Future of our Environment .
The faint silver lining to these looming storm clouds however , is that by now we should all have a much more realistic sense of what we can expect from the political processes and backroom shenanigans involved in addressing Climate Change via the United Nations .
What we can also take away from things ( after the DanishText leak , and ClimateGate scandals , right - wing Media backlash , etc.. ) is a more personally resolved understanding of Global Warming , that is n’t dependant on spoon - fed Media pablum for it ’s vitality .
We might also feel ready to resign any false expectations that we may have placed in the dubious value of Eco - Stunts , Public rallys , citizen marches , internet petitions , and other publicity hungry fabrications built upon good intentions , and amounting to little more than fodder for the Media , and some personal catharsis .
Instead we ’re now better prepared to at least accept ( if not undertake ) an ongoing , and longer - term outlook on the real and genuine grass roots solutions that will be required , long after everyone has flown back home from Denmark and unpacked their souvenirs .
Unfortunately , the road map to sustainable change is no less clear now , than it was when we embarked on what we had collectively hoped would ’ve been a much more visible and direct route to the more immediate resolutions we ’d all hoped for in Copenhagen .
Let ’s first consider how we got here , as we re-plot our course towards a more sustainable Future .
One where we do n’t just wait for politically driven bureaucratic processes to come to the rescue , and somehow reduce one particular ( CO2 ) by - product of an unhealthy civilization .
Rather , let ’s shelf the idea of simply delegating our environmental responsibilities to representative politicians long enough to consider what would happen if we were to personally hold established Environmental and Ecological principals as our highest standard in forging a better Future for us all
At present , the entire Environmental Movement seems to have been upstaged by the enormous chorus of voices clamoring to have their views heard on Climate Change .
Where were these voices coming from ?
First , we had the constant din from social malcontents posing as Libertarians or Conspiracy Buffs , who felt that anthropogenic ( man- made ) global warming ( AGW ) is a scam , and screamed about their threatened rights as free citizens if Government so much as considered enacting any corrective policy from a central point of authority .
Then we had the suppressed grumblings from disenfranchised segments of the Scientific Community who are instantly lumped in with the covert PR efforts Big Oil and Coal companies in a self - polarizing and terminally dysfunctional quashing of proper open debate .
Add to this the poorly muffled allegations from the Alternative Press who are still skeptically demanding more substance and peer review for the scientific data behind the well accepted , but now somewhat more maligned , methods of determination behind the AGW “ theory ” .
The result is that we ’re left with a really rather fractured movement !
One that is now so focused on the dividing and destructive effects of CO2 that it ’s seemingly forgotten it ’s primary purpose – which we can surely can all still agree upon .
Namely , that we MUST stop using the atmosphere as a free and easy disposal method for all the polluting by - products of our excessive economies and lifestyles !
Instead , while we were still considering the possibility that many of us have been so keen to adopt a clear position on Climate Change , that some of us suddenly realized that we ’ve also auto - aligned ourselves with proponents of simplified Groupthink .
The type of narrow - minded , politically correct , environmental self - righteousness that offers us emotional placebos ( for our sense of otherwise inactive helplessness ) but is much better suited for staging ineffective publicity stunts , providing self - gratifying pseudo - political postures , and marching in lockstep behind dogmatic bull - horned chants …
Rather than actually devoting itself to digging deep into underlying issues that would actually seek and implement remedies at the level of Cause , rather than simply alleviating the Effects .
So now we ’re left with an Environmental Movement that has completely centered itself around a contentious and perilously fractured “ Climate Change ” issue , and which still labels any discussion ( nevermind actual debate ! ) as destructively dissenting heresy , and vilifies any ideas that are not in keeping with the standard doctrines of Anthropogenic Global Warming .
What should have been a strong and united front against the Corporate interests ( of Greed and Growth at all costs ) which would seek to continue polluting in a manageable system of carbon credits , and the greenwashing value that would be derived to support any loss of profit , has now instead degraded into corrosive in - fighting and name - calling for anyone who was n’t reading their lines from the same Global Warming handbook .
If we could avoid the need to vindicate our adopted belief systems , or exorcise our over - consuming demons , or assuage a collective guilt complex about perceptions of the Past , perhaps our personal views around Climate Change might fall into a more clear , long - term perspective .
Perhaps teh current movement might yet just turn out be another over - sharpened and hyper - publicized cause celebre that is n’t actually prepared to effect real ecological changes beyond it ’s core CO2 reduction issue .
Even if the Earth shows a temporary cooling period due to ( among countless factors ) the deep and misunderstood complexities of Climatology , Thermodynamics , Oceanography , Geology , reduced sunspot activity ( etc…etc…etc . . ) would really we want to hedge all of our bets on the results of global temperature charts ?
Should we risk derailing an entire Environmental Movement ( even temporarily ) if the empirical evidence behind AGW fails to fully support the premise for Anthropogenic Global Warming ?
Even though Climate Change has succesfully raised awareness for Environmentalism in general , in just the short time - span that it would take for the Right - Wing Skeptics to discredit an entire movement based on failures withing the AGW model , that loss in Public faith in teh Scince and Politics of AGW could have catastrophic long - term repercusions !
Think of the billions that could be lost on ineffective measures , that could have been better applied during the precious time that could be lost .
Could n’t the scope of the current Climate Change movement be effectively widened to foster even greater Public approval by admitting fallibility ?
To openly take into account the varying views on the many deep mysteries , and unpredictable variability , and research challenges behind Climate Science ?
If we were to somehow embrace the complexities of Nature ( rather trying to inscribe them into rigid dogma ) could n’t Climate Change serve to globalize , catalyze , and re-constitute the much larger and better diversified Environmental Movement ?
Better enabling us to cooperatively adapt to shifting conditions , modify our entire view on Consumption , and perhaps even achieve some truly phenomenal new innovations and long - lasting results for all Life on this planet !
Please .
Just stop reading right now though , if you feel that the Climate Change movement is already clearly well defined , offers us realistic and actionable solutions , and is indeed on the right track to saving our Environment .
Otherwise , if you ’d like to expand your scope of perceptions abit more …
You can continue by considering a much wider range of options by first pondering the perceived Impact that the Copenhagen Conference has had on our Environment , our collective psyche , and where we can still go with things once all the accrued airmiles expenses have all been cashed out and claimed .
The more subtle effects of Global Warming
Be sure to “ SHARE ” any ideas you have by searching for your favorite Social App , or by Re-Tweeting below :
Sign up for the Newsletter Sign Up
Sign up for our email newsletter for the latest science news
Some people say the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster was a joke made up to satirize creationism and the incursion of fundamentalist religion into politics .
Other people seem to see their religious icons everywhere they look .
Still others promote their beliefs through the military .
I think these folks ought to get together .
Or maybe they already did :
People say there are no atheists in foxholes ... but maybe there is a higher authority .
Tip o' the noodly appendage to Jay Sinclair .
Credit : US Air Force and Tech . Sergeant Russell E. Cooley IV
S W Name Last Success Last Failure Last Duration
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 algo .generic 3 days 17 hr - # 488 N/A 39 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 algo .generic - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 479 N/A 17 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 algo .monads 3 days 17 hr - # 479 N/A 24 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 algo .monads - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 474 N/A 4 hr 15 min
W Description % Build stability : 1 out of the last 5 builds failed .
80 brew install ( release ) 5 days 19 hr - # 24 26 days - # 20 54 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 brew - install ( promote ) 5 days 5 hr - # 109 7 mo 5 days - # 103 7.8 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 build .ci 6 mo 3 days - # 239 1 yr 0 mo - # 230 23 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 build .poms 7 mo 15 days - # 141 1 yr 0 mo - # 134 52 sec
W Description % Build stability : 3 out of the last 5 builds failed .
40 buildtest 1 yr 0 mo - # 23 1 yr 0 mo - # 22 12 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 clojure 18 hr - # 1539 N/A 2 min 16 sec
W Description % Build stability : All recent builds failed .
0 clojure - api - doc 1 yr 3 mo - # 293 18 hr - # 784 15 min
W Description % Build stability : 3 out of the last 5 builds failed .
40 clojure - contrib 9 yr 6 mo - # 348 9 yr 5 mo - # 351 3 min 54 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 clojure - test - matrix 18 hr - # 1211 N/A 24 min
W Description % Build stability : 2 out of the last 5 builds failed .
60 clojurescript - release 4 mo 7 days - # 234 4 mo 29 days - # 232 4 min 23 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .async 3 days 17 hr - # 274 6 mo 2 days - # 234 47 sec
W Description % Build stability : 4 out of the last 5 builds failed .
20 core .async - release 3 yr 7 mo - # 35 3 yr 7 mo - # 37 6.3 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .async - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 263 N/A 2 hr 55 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .cache 3 days 17 hr - # 555 N/A 28 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .cache - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 543 N/A 3 hr 22 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .contracts 3 days 17 hr - # 502 N/A 27 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .contracts - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 498 N/A 54 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .incubator 1 yr 0 mo - # 359 2 yr 0 mo - #350 24 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .incubator - test - matrix 1 yr 0 mo - # 352 N/A 8 min 17 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .logic 3 days 17 hr - # 890 N/A 1 min 0 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .logic - read - eval 7 yr 7 mo - # 1 N/A 7 min 38 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .logic - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 818 N/A 46 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core . match 3 days 17 hr - # 666 N/A 33 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core . match - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 629 N/A 3 hr 19 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core . memoize 3 days 17 hr - # 541 N/A 48 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core . memoize - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 533 N/A 3 hr 1 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .rrb - vector 3 days 17 hr - # 567 N/A 1 min 54 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .rrb - vector - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 558 N/A 2 hr 33 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .specs .alpha 3 days 17 hr - # 216 N/A 20 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .specs .alpha - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 212 N/A 4 hr 0 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .typed 3 days 17 hr - # 1344 N/A 51 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .typed - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 1123 N/A 38 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .unify 3 days 17 hr - # 519 N/A 22 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 core .unify - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 483 N/A 3 hr 56 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .avl 3 days 17 hr - # 509 N/A 32 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .avl - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 501 N/A 26 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .codec 3 days 17 hr - # 459 N/A 21 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .codec - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 453 N/A 2 hr 39 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .csv 3 days 17 hr - # 474 N/A 19 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .csv - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 467 N/A 3 hr 5 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data . finger - tree 3 days 17 hr - # 467 N/A 42 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data . fressian 3 days 17 hr - # 440 N/A 57 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data . fressian - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 436 N/A 3 hr 54 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data . generators 3 days 17 hr - # 460 N/A 23 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data . generators - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 459 N/A 2 hr 36 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .int - map 3 days 17 hr - # 443 N/A 4 min 28 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .int - map - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 400 N/A 1 hr 40 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .json 3 days 17 hr - # 550 N/ A 27 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data . json - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 493 N/A 3 hr 8 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data . priority - map 3 days 17 hr - # 491 N/A 22 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data . priority - map - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 489 N/A 4 hr 12 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .xml 3 days 17 hr - # 539 N/A 38 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .xml - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 514 N/A 3 hr 45 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .zip 3 days 17 hr - # 466 N/A 22 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 data .zip - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 458 N/A 47 min
W Description % Build stability : 3 out of the last 5 builds failed .
40 fressian 3 yr 9 mo - # 26 3 yr 9 mo - # 25 28 sec
W Description % Build stability : 1 out of the last 5 builds failed .
80 google - closure - library 11 mo - # 17 3 yr 4 mo - # 13 2 min 42 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 java .classpath 3 days 17 hr - # 483 N/A 23 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 java .classpath - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 465 N/A 3 hr 15 min
W Description % Test Result : 0 tests in total .
100 Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 java .data 3 days 17 hr - # 499 N/A 26 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 java .data - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 488 N/A 4 hr 18 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 java .jdbc 3 days 17 hr - # 790 N/A 38 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 java . jdbc - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 743 N/A 2 hr 50 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 java .jmx 3 days 17 hr - # 489 N/A 24 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 java .jmx - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 484 N/A 3 hr 10 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 math .combinatorics 3 days 17 hr - # 506 N/A 34 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 math .combinatorics - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 509 N/A 2 hr 34 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 math .numeric - tower 3 days 17 hr - # 467 N/A 19 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 math .numeric - tower - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 467 N/A 3 hr 3 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 rebuild - all - libraries 3 days 17 hr - # 442 N/A 17 ms
W Description % Build stability : 3 out of the last 5 builds failed .
40 simulant 1 yr 0 mo - # 57 1 yr 0 mo - # 56 21 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 spec - alpha2 3 days 17 hr - # 132 N/A 28 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 spec - alpha2 - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 131 N/A 32 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 spec .alpha 3 days 17 hr - # 223 N/A 31 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 spec .alpha - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 220 N/A 56 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 test .check 3 days 17 hr - # 640 2 mo 22 days - # 622 48 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 test . check - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 443 N/A 4 hr 30 min
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 test . generative 3 days 17 hr - # 521 7 mo 15 days - # 484 44 sec
W Description % Build stability : No recent builds failed .
100 test . generative - test - matrix 3 days 17 hr - # 496 N/A 30 min
Americans seem to love debt .
So much so that the typical American incurs debt at almost every stage of life , from the teenage years to the final years .
As shocking as it may sound , the average American spends a lifetime in debt .
Take a look at the full graphic now , or continue to read !
A Lifetime of Debt – Financial Journey of Americans Click the preview below for the full version :
Credit and Debt for Young People
Then first debt that many teenagers get into is credit card debt , particularly with store credit cards .
Although the Credit Card Accountability and Responsibility Disclosure ( CARD )
Act of 2009 restricts lenders from issuing credit cards to people under 18 , many young people manage to acquire credit cards anyway , often at the encouragement of their parent or parents .
And the popular choice ?
Department store cards .
However , these cards can carry higher interest rates than most , especially for young people with little to no credit history .
The First Credit Card
The average person spends more and more on debt every year .
This begins with the first department store card and continues with the first credit card .
Many people consider their first credit card to be a step toward adulthood and responsibility .
In fact , more than 70 percent of college students have credit cards , and less than 2 percent of undergraduates have no credit history .
Yet studies indicate that students know little about their obligations and how these cards work .
This can be seen in the debt levels they carry .
The average undergrad has $ 3,200 in credit card debt , indicating that they have yet to understand what they have gotten into .
Of course , student debt does n’t end there .
Student Loan Debt
In addition to credit card debt , many students have student loan debt for their undergraduate degree , with an estimated 12 million students included .
According to recent figures , the average debt is almost $ 27,000 for a four year degree .
This number is even higher for graduate students , with master ’s degree students taking on an additional $ 17,000 in student loans and doctoral students $ 29,000 .
However , medical school graduates leave school with an average of $ 113,000 in debt , in addition to the 4 or more credit cards and average $ 8,600 owed on them .
And yet many of these students have little idea how their credit will impact their future .
Debt Keeps Growing and Growing
And that ’s just the beginning !
Auto loans average $ 30,738 worth of debt and continue to increase as the loan length increases .
The average mortgage is now $ 230,000 and continues to increase , despite low interest rates .
Then come the add-ons , like a second car loan , more credit cards and mortgage refinance or home equity loan .
Sometimes these loans are taken just to buy the latest gifts or to have more and more stuff in the house .
At other times , additional loans are taken to pay off earlier loans !
Home equity might be used later in life to get rid of lingering student loan debt .
Homes might be refinanced to purchase an additional car or truck !
The cycle just goes on and on .
Last but not least are funeral expenses .
The average funeral is well over $ 10,000 and while other options are less expensive , many families take on the debt anyway .
Maybe it ’s time to put those credit cards away after all ?
The American Family 's Financial Turmoil
The average American family is in a serious financial position that leaves no room for financial problems and incorporates little planning for future financial needs .
Meet the average American family
The average family has $ 3,800 in the bank .
No one in the family has a retirement account ( in 50 percent of American households ) .
Their neighbors ( the other 50 percent ) only have $ 35,000 saved for retirement .
The family has no mutual funds , stocks or bonds .
The house is worth $ 160,000 , but the family owes $ 95,000 on it to the bank .
They make $ 43,000 a year , but can 't manage to pay off a $ 2,200 credit card balance .
The average American family s finances , by the way , are in shambles .
Forty percent of working Americans are not saving for retirement .
Twenty - five percent have no savings at all retirement or otherwise .
The average household has $ 117,951 in debt .
That s enough to buy 7.5 2010 Honda Civics .
The combined amount of personal debt held by Americans is $ 2 trillion .
This is about the GDP of England .
Twenty - four percent of workers have postponed their retirement age in the past year .
Eighteen percent of people polled are very confident about having enough money for retirement .
Among Americans , 7.7 percent dont have a bank account .
Only 1.7 percent of Utah residents dont have a bank account , while 16.7 percent of Mississippis residents dont have a bank account .
Less than 4/10 of American adults have an emergency fund to fall back on in the event of some financial disaster .
Sources : CreditCards , BCSAlliance , ASA , Newser , AutoSpies , FreddieMac
Are Americans winning the financial struggle ?
The economic battle continues to drag on .
Americans were knocked down , but not out after the housing bubble burst in 2008 and the Great Recession lumbered ahead .
Getting back to their feet has been a struggle , but slowly their finances are getting back in shape .
Now they are smacking down their debt , while trimming bankruptcies and foreclosures .
Americans everywhere are gaining strength in their personal finances while pumping up personal income .
Revolving Credit Down , Bankruptcies Up
While the amount of personal debt being carried by American ’s is declining , in many regions throughout the country , bankruptcies are up .
People may be spending less on credit cards simply because they have no credit available to them .
Therefore some of these same people are driven into bankruptcy because they have no other options .
Personal Finances Are Getting In Shape
From college students paying their credit card bills on time , to a drastic drop in credit card interest rates , it certainly appears that things are changing .
All across the country , people are making an effort to spend less , reduce debt and save for the inevitable rainy day .
Debt Composition
American ’s debt is largely made up of the home .
Mortgage debt represents almost $ 9 of every $ 11.38 spend on debt .
It is no wonder that foreclosures continue to rise while other debts fall .
Yet as unpleasant as they are , a foreclosure may be exactly what is needed in order to start over financially .
Income vs. Inflation
A key reason that foreclosures are up revolve around the fact that incomes are up as well .
That means while foreclosures are not pleasant , the end result is the debtor being in a better financial position to rebuild his or her debt .
While the increase in income is good news , the relatively slow increase in inflation is even better news .
Income currently outpaces inflation , leading to a greater net purchasing power for American workers .
How will America ’s financial struggle end ?
That will remain a mystery .
However , there are a lot of tools the can help you budget and plan as you fight the financial fight of your life .
A DEEP FAT FRIER !
That is pretty much my diet for the next few months .
Thanks to some serious stalking skills jlh2645 decided to go above and beyond with the christmas spirit by not only finding me a second hand fryer but by cleaning the thing herself !
That 's no mean feat .
Now I feel 100 % Scottish once again .
To complete the awesomeness she also put in some bird food for my little birds AND took some time to do me some cool drawings .
As always the hand written letter finishes off a great present .
Photos to follow
Forty - five years ago , the author David Bourland published an essay proposing a radical overhaul of English based on eliminating all forms of the verb " to be " .
In a world where we all spoke E - Prime , as Bourland called this new language , you could n't say " Sandra Bullock 's latest film is shockingly mediocre " ; you 'd have to say it " seems mediocre to me " .
Shakespeare productions would need retooling ( " To live or not to live , I ask this question " ) , as would the Bible ( " The Lord functions as my shepherd " ) .
The world , in short , would feel very different – though in E - Prime you could n't actually say it " was " very different .
Unsurprisingly , it proved even less popular than Esperanto , and in fairness Bourland never meant it as a serious replace­ment for English .
But in this anniversary year , his eccentric vision deserves celebrating .
Because in theory at least , E - Prime aimed at nothing less than using language to make our insane lives a little more sane .
Bourland studied under Alfred Korzybski , a Polish aristocrat émigré who founded the philosophy of General Semantics , made famous by his slogan , " The map is not the territory . "
To think about and function in the world , Korzybski said , we rely on systems of abstract concepts , most obviously language .
But those concepts do n't reflect the world in a straightforward way ; instead , they contain hidden traps that distort reality , causing confusion and angst .
And the verb " to be " , he argued , contains the most traps of all .
Take the phrase , " My brother is lazy . "
It seems clear , but Korzybski and Bourland would say it deceives : it implies certainty and objectivity , when in reality it expresses an opinion .
Even , " The sky is blue " papers over the details : I really mean , " The sky appears blue to me . "
" Our judgments can only be proba­bi­listic , " wrote Allen Walker Read , a Korzybski follower .
" Therefore we would do well to avoid finalistic , absolutistic terms .
Can we ever find ' perfection ' or ' certainty ' or ' truth ' ?
No !
Then let us stop using such words in our formulations . "
E - Prime provided an easy way to do this : simply stop using " to be " .
All this might seem maniacally pointless pedantry .
But as cognitive therapists note , thoughts trigger emotions , and " finalistic , absolutistic " thoughts trigger stressful emotions .
" I am a failure " feels permanent , all - encompassing , hopeless .
Restating it in E - Prime – " I feel like a failure " or " I have failed at this task " – makes it limited , temporary , addressable .
" I have found repeatedly , " wrote the novelist Robert Anton Wilson , an E - Prime advocate , " that when baffled by a problem in science , in philosophy , or in daily life , I gain immediate insight by writing down what I know about the enigma in strict E - Prime . "
Political debates might benefit , too , since E - Prime renders unyielding dogmatism – " All immigrants are scroungers ! " , " Taxation is theft ! " etcetera – essentially impossible .
As George Santayana put it , " The little word ' is ' has its tragedies . "
E - Prime never really caught on ; General Semantics fell out of fashion .
( It ca n't have helped that Korzybski's fans included that high - priest of poppycock , L Ron Hubbard . )
Even so , trying to express one 's thoughts without using " to be " can have a curiously salutary , bracing effect .
In this column , with the obvious exception of the quoted examples , I have attempted to do this .
oliver.burkeman@theguardian.com
Mr Netanyahu 's comments have angered Palestinians
The Israeli prime minister has taken part in tree - planting ceremonies in the West Bank while declaring Israel will never leave those areas .
Benjamin Netanyahu said the Jewish settlements blocs would always remain part of the state of Israel .
His remarks came hours after a visit by US envoy George Mitchell who is trying to reopen peace talks between Israel and Palestinians .
A Palestinian spokesman said the comments undermined peace negotiations .
" Our message is clear :
We are planting here , we will stay here , we will build here .
This place will be an inseparable part of Israel for eternity " , the prime minister said .
Mr Netanyahu 's comments have angered Palestinians , who want a state in the West Bank , Gaza Strip and east Jerusalem .
" This is an unacceptable act that destroys all the efforts being exerted by Senator Mitchell in order to bring back the parties to the negotiating table " , Palestinian spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeina told the Associated Press .
Meanwhile , in the Jordanian capital Amman , Mr Mitchell emphasised the US commitment to the creation of an independent Palestinian state .
" We intend to continue to pursue our efforts until that objective is achieved " , he told AP .
US attempts to revive peace talks have stalled over the Jewish settlement issue .
Palestinians say they will not return to peace talks unless Israel stops settlement building in the West Bank .
Israel has a long - standing commitment under an existing peace plan to stop settlement growth .
But the Israeli government has temporarily curbed construction as a goodwill gesture , though not in East Jerusalem .
The two sides appear no closer even to sitting in the same room , says the BBC's Tim Franks in Jerusalem .
All settlements in the the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , are considered illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Flickr Photo from ProtestPhotos1
What does it say about liberals or progressives when a major action is called in Chicago to oppose Obama 's military surge in Afghanistan and maybe 100 people show up ?
What does it say when more than 200 come the day after the surge to express outrage but on the weekend , Saturday , there are less people than during the middle of the week ?
What has happened to liberals and progressives ?
All over the U.S. in the beginning of the week , between Black Friday and Dec 2nd , there were actions organized to bolster opposition to the Afghan war escalation that Obama was going to defend in his West Point speech on Tuesday .
In total , there were thousands of people who came out to call for an end to the occupation of Afghanistan .
But , come Saturday , where were liberals and progressives ?
Where were the thousands who know this is wrong , who know this means tens of thousands of Afghanis are going to die along with a thousand more American soldiers ?
Chicago has gotten 3,000 - 5,000 people downtown to oppose U.S. wars before .
What is the reason for such an abysmal showing of liberal or progressive activists last weekend ?
And is this low turnout a symptom of a larger problem in America right now ?
Sure , it was cold in Chicago .
It 's hard to build up an anti-war movement in the winter and this is the perfect time for an escalation .
And , one must admit that those thousands of people have only come out to Chicago for perennial protests --- marches that symbolically note that wars of occupation have been going on for six or seven or eight years .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
December 2 , 2009 ( Chicago , Illinois ) —
The low doses of radiation associated with annual screening mammography could be placing high - risk women in even more jeopardy of developing breast cancer , particularly if they start screening at a young age or have frequent exposure , according to new research presented here at the Radiological Society of North America 95th Scientific Assembly and Annual Meeting .
A meta-analysis of 6 studies found that women with BRCA1 or BCRA2 gene mutations or a family history of breast cancer who were exposed to radiation , either from mammography or chest x-rays , before the age of 20 had a risk for breast cancer that was 2.5 times higher than their counterparts who were not exposed to radiation ( 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] , 1.9 - 3.2 ) .
The analysis , which examined 9420 high - risk women , also found that 5 or more mammograms increased risk 2.5 - fold ( 95 % CI , 1.6 - 3.9 ) , Marijke C. Jansen - van der Weide , PhD , from the University Medical Center Groningen in the Netherlands , reported .
Overall , exposure to low - dose radiation increased breast cancer risk by a nonsignificant 1.5 times , compared with no exposure , Dr. Jansen - van der Weide said .
The mean age of the women in the analysis was 45 years .
The cumulative dose of radiation they received ranged from 0.3 to 24 mSv .
" The take - home message here is that high - risk women who are younger should be careful about mammography screening , " she told Medscape Radiology .
" Because they are young , they also have dense breasts , which poses a problem with mammography .
They should explore alternative screening methods . "
The average woman has a 10 % chance of developing breast cancer during her lifetime .
In comparison , women who are carriers of the BRCA1 gene mutation have a 57 % chance , and BRCA2 carriers have a 49 % chance of developing breast cancer .
Screening these women must start at an early age , since many will get breast cancer in their 30s or 40s , Dr. Jansen - van der Weide said .
Magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) could be one alternative for these women , although it has its own problems , she suggested .
" MRI is not as readily available , it takes more time , and it is associated with many more false - positives .
This is why it is so important for high - risk women to discuss the issue with their doctor and , together , work out a screening strategy . "
She emphasized that screening mammography is not a problem for high - risk women 30 years and older .
" Screening these high - risk women is still very important , but we must think about alternative nonionizing techniques at younger ages , " she said .
" From our study results , we are talking about women below the age of 20 , which is very young .
We are also talking about 5 or more exposures .
So if a woman starts at 25 and then gets 5 or more mammograms by the time she is 30 , her risk will be increased .
Up to the age of 30 , women should be careful .
After 30 , perhaps she could do mammography screening every other year ; that is one idea .
We only used 6 studies in our analysis and we need more prospective studies to find out more about this . "
The dangers of radiation in younger women have been well recognized , affirmed Allen G. Meek , MD , from State University of Stony Brook in New York , who moderated the scientific session .
" The general consensus is that the immature breast is more susceptible to ionizing radiation , so I certainly think that low - dose radiation is an issue . "
He agreed that women should consider the risks and benefits and discuss them with their doctor .
" The benefit is to catch the cancer earlier ; the risk is you may be inducing the cancer . "
Dr. Meek told Medscape Radiology that the study will make people more conscious about using a nonionizing method such as MRI .
He suggested that mammograms not be done in women younger than 25 or 30 years , and then after the age of 30 , a strategy might be to do a mammogram every other year , alternating with MRI .
" We know that the BRCA gene is a radiation repair gene , and when you are missing that , you have a decreased capacity for radiation repair , which will make you more susceptible to the low dose of radiation with mammography .
We think this might be the biological basis for what this study found . "
Dr. Jansen - van der Weide and Dr. Meek have disclosed no relevant financial relationships .
Radiological Society of North America ( RSNA ) 95th Scientific Assembly and Annual Meeting : Abstract RO22 -04 .
Presented November 30 , 2009 .
This painting , by Adolf Menzel , was one of Hitler 's favourites
By Paul Adams
BBC News , Washington
In 1945 , in the heat of war , a young John Pistone helped himself to a book .
Now he is giving it back .
To be fair , Mr Pistone , a private in George Patton 's army , never thought of his act as theft .
He just needed proof he was there .
" I thought who the hell 's going to believe I was in Berchtesgaden ? " he said .
" I 'm going to need some proof . "
US soldiers quickly stripped Hitler 's retreat at Berchtesgaden of souvenirs
As the Americans raced across southern Germany in the spring of 1945 , Mr Pistone recalled , the soldiers were intent on capturing as many German soldiers as possible .
And finding Hitler .
" They were giving up like mad by that time , but we were looking for Hitler .
Because they said he was still alive , " he said .
And so the young John Pistone found himself walking through the gates of the Berghof , Hitler 's mountain retreat near Berchtesgaden , in the Bavarian Alps .
" We had a feeling like we just missed Hitler , " Mr Pistone remembered .
" It seemed like ... someone had just left in a hurry . "
The place had already been stripped bare by other American souvenir hunters , but in a cabinet Mr Pistone found a large photo album , full of immaculate black and white reproductions of paintings .
The ' Hitler Book '
He had no idea what it was , but he thought it looked interesting and would do nicely as a memento .
For the next few months , until he made it back home to Ohio , he lugged the volume around .
" That damn thing was heavy !
But I was determined to get it home , " he remembered .
GIs enjoy the view on a spring morning at Berchtesgaden in 1945 For decades , the album sat on John Pistone 's shelf , brought out only to show family and friends .
His children called it " the Hitler book " .
But it was not until Mr Pistone decided to install a washer and drier in an upstairs bedroom that the book came to the attention of a local history buff who , in turn , contacted Robert Edsel , author and president of the Monuments Men Foundation .
The Monuments Men were a group of some 345 men and women from 13 countries who scoured Europe during and after WWII , looking for artistic and cultural items stolen by the Nazis .
When he heard about the album , Mr Edsel figured he knew what it was , but he flew from Texas to Cleveland to make sure .
" When I first saw it , there was little doubt in my mind about it being authentic , " Mr Edsel said .
" But the question was , as always , where did it come from ? "
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Examination confirmed Mr Edsel 's initial hunch that the book was one of 31 albums that formed a catalogue featuring art selected by Hitler for inclusion in a huge National Socialist museum of art , planned for the Austrian city of Linz .
The museum , had it ever been built , would have included looted masterworks from across the continent , but Mr Pistone 's album , Number 13 , mostly consists of reproductions of little - known German and Austrian 19th Century paintings .
Decision time A triptych by Hans Makart , The Plague in Florence , was a gift from Hitler 's Italian ally , Benito Mussolini .
When Hitler 's initial efforts to acquire the work from an Italian banking family in Florence were rebuffed , Mussolini confiscated their entire villa and gave the paintings to Hitler , who apparently reciprocated by sending the Duce a bust of himself .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Another work - Frederick the Great Travelling , by Adolf Menzel - was one of Hitler 's favourites and used to hang above his desk .
John Pistone was reluctant to part with the " Hitler Book " , having held on to it for so long , even though Makart and Menzel meant nothing to him .
But when he read Mr Edsel 's book about the Monuments Men , he decided that the time had finally come to part with the souvenir from Germany .
" I talked to my wife and I said ' I think we 're going to put the book in his hands , ' " Mr Pistone said .
" I feel very , very good about it , now that I know that it 's important to people other than myself and my family . "
At a ceremony at the State Department in Washington last week , Mr Pistone handed the album over to the German ambassador .
After a brief appearance at the National World War Museum in New Orleans , the album will be sent to Berlin , to join 19 of the original 31 volumes .
The hunt goes on for the remaining 11 .
And for John Pistone , there 's a feeling that he has done the right thing .
" Life has been so good to me , " he said .
" I 've been married 60 years .
Five children .
Ten grandchildren ...
And when you leave this world , it 's not how much money you leave .
It 's setting an example .
I hope this sets an example .
For my children . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Feature Articles - If Germany Had Won World War 1 ...
In a way , this is a more interesting hypothesis than the more commonly asked question about what the world would be like if the Germans had won World War II .
Several historians have noted that both world wars should really be considered a single conflict with a long armistice in the middle .
If this viewpoint is valid , then the official outcome of the first phase of this conflict may have been important for reasons other than those usually cited .
As a preliminary matter , we should note that the actual outcome of the First World War was a near thing , a far nearer thing than was the outcome of World War II after 1941 .
While it is true that the United States entered the war on the allied side in 1917 , thus providing vast new potential sources of men and material , it is also true that Germany had knocked Russia out of the war at about the same time .
This gave the Germans access to the resources of Eastern Europe and freed their troops for deployment to the West .
The German Spring Offensive of 1918 actually succeeded in rupturing the Allied line at a point where the Allies had no significant reserves .
( At about this time , British Prime Minister Lloyd George was heard to remark , " We are going to lose this war . "
He began to create a record which would shift the blame to others . )
The British Summer Offensive of the same year similarly breached the German lines , but did a much better job of exploiting the breakthrough than the Germans had done a few months earlier .
General Luddendorf panicked and demanded that the government seek an armistice .
The German army did succeed in containing the Allied breakthrough , but meanwhile the German diplomats had opened tentative armistice discussions with the United States .
Given U.S. President Wilson 's penchant for diplomacy by press - release , the discussions could not be broken off even though the German military situation was no longer critical .
While the Germans were not militarily defeated , or even economically desperate , the government and general public saw no prospect of winning .
Presented with the possibility of negotiating a settlement , their willingness to continue the conflict simply dissolved .
The Germans were defeated by exhaustion .
This could as easily have happened to the Allies .
When you read the diaries and reports of the French and British on the Western Front from early 1918 , the writers seem to be perfectly lucid and in full command of their faculties .
What the Americans noted when they started to arrive at about that time was that everyone at the front was not only dirty and malnourished , but half asleep .
In addition to their other deleterious effects , the terrible trench warfare battles of that conflict were remarkably exhausting , and the capacity of the Allies to rotate out survivors diminished with the passage of time .
Even with American assistance , France and Britain were societies that were slowly falling apart from lack of ordinary maintenance .
Both faced food shortages from the diversion of farmers into the army and from attacks on ocean borne supplies .
Had the Germans been able to exploit their breakthrough in the spring , or if the German Empire had held together long enough for Luddendorf 's planned autumn offensive to take place , its quite likely that either the French or British would have sued for peace .
Had one or the other even raised the question of an armistice , the same process of internal political collapse which destroyed Germany would have overtaken both of them .
Although today it is reasonably clear that Germany fought the war with the general aim of transforming itself from a merely continental power to a true world power , the fact is that at no point did the German government know just what its peace terms would be if it won .
It might have annexed Belgium and part of the industrial regions of northern France , though bringing hostile , non-German populations into the Empire might not have seemed such a good idea if the occasion actually arose .
More likely , or more rationally , the Germans would have contented themselves with demilitarizing these areas .
From the British , they would probably have demanded nothing but more African colonies and the unrestricted right to expand the German High Seas Fleet .
In Eastern Europe , they would be more likely to have established friendly satellite countries in areas formerly belonging to the defunct empires than to have directly annexed much territory .
It seems to me that the Austrian and Ottoman Empires were just as likely to have fallen apart even if the Central Powers had won .
The Hungarians were practically independent before the war , after all , and the chaos caused by the eclipse of Russia would have created opportunities for them which they could exploit only without the restraint of Vienna .
As for the Ottoman Empire , most of it had already fallen to British invasion or native revolt .
No one would have seen much benefit in putting it back together again , not even the Turks .
Communist agitation was an important factor in the dissolution of Imperial Germany , and it would probably have been important to the collapse of France and Britain , too .
One can imagine Soviets being established in Glasgow and the north of England , a new Commune in Paris .
This could even have happened in New York , dominated as it was by immigrant groups who were either highly radicalized or anti-British .
It is unlikely that any of these rebellions would have succeeded in establishing durable Communist regimes in the West , however .
The Soviets established in Germany and Eastern Europe after the war did not last , even though the central government had dissolved .
In putting down such uprisings , France might have experienced a bout of military dictatorship , not unlike the Franco era in Spain , and Britain might have become a republic .
Still , although the public life of these countries would have been polarized and degraded , they would probably have remained capitalist democracies .
The U.S. , one suspects , would have reacted to the surrender or forced withdrawal of its European expeditionary force by beginning to adopt the attitude toward German - dominated Europe which it did later in the century toward the victorious Soviet Union .
Britain , possibly with its empire in premature dissolution , would have been forced to seek a strong Atlantic alliance .
As for the Soviet Union in this scenario , it is hard to imagine the Germans putting up with its existence after it had served its purpose .
Doubtless some surviving Romanov could have been put on the throne of a much - diminished Russia .
If no Romanov was available , Germany has never lacked for princelings willing to be sent abroad to govern improvised countries .
This leaves us with the most interesting question : what would have happened to Germany itself ?
Before the war , the German constitution was working less and less well .
Reich chancellors were not responsible to parliament but to the Kaiser .
The system could work only when the Kaiser was himself a competent executive , or when he had the sense to appoint and support a chancellor who was .
The reign of Wilhelm II showed that neither of these conditions need be the case .
In the twenty years preceding the war , national policy was made more and more by the army and the bureaucracy .
It is unlikely that this degree of drift could have continued after a victorious war .
Two things would have happened which in fact happened in the real world : the monarchy would have lost prestige to the military , and electoral politics would have fallen more and more under the influence of populist veterans groups .
We should remember that to win a great war can be almost as disruptive for a combatant country as to lose it .
There was a prolonged political crisis , indeed the whiff of revolution , in victorious Britain in the 1920s .
Something similar seems to be happening in the United States today after the Cold War .
While it is , of course , unlikely that the Kaiser would have been overthrown , it is highly probable that there would have been some constitutional crisis which would have drastically altered the relationship between the branches of government .
It would have been in the military 's interest to push for more democracy in the Reich government , since the people would have been conspicuously pro-military .
The social and political roles of the old aristocracy would have declined , since the war would have brought forward so many men of humble origin .
Again , this is very much what happened in real history .
If Germany had won and the Allies lost , the emphasis in these developments would certainly have been different , but not the fundamental trends .
All the bad and strange things which happened in Germany in the 1920s are conventionally blamed on the harsh terms of the Versailles treaty .
We forget , however , that the practical effect of these terms was really very limited .
The diplomatic disabilities on Germany were eliminated by the Locarno Pact of 1925 .
The great Weimar inflation , which was engineered by the government to defeat French attempts to extract reparations , was ended in 1923 .
The reparations themselves , of course , were a humiliating drain on the German budget , but a system of financing with international loans was arranged which worked satisfactorily until the world financial system broke down in the early 1930s .
Even arms development was continued through clandestine projects with the Soviet Union .
It is also false to assert that German culture was driven to insanity by a pervasive sense of defeat .
The 1920s were the age of the Lost Generation in America and the Bright Young Things in Britain .
A reader ignorant of the history of the 20th century who was given samples from this literature that did not contain actual references to the war could reasonably conclude that he was reading the literature of defeated peoples .
There was indeed insanity in culture in the 1920s , but the insanity pervaded the whole West .
Weimar culture would have happened even if there had been no Weimar Republic .
We know this , since all the major themes of the Weimar period , the new art and revolutionary politics and sexual liberation , all began before the war .
This was a major argument of the remarkable book , RITES OF SPRING , by the Canadian scholar , Modris Ekstein .
There would still have been Bauhaus architecture and surrealist cinema and depressing war novels if the Kaiser had issued a victory proclamation in late 1918 rather than an instrument of abdication .
There would even have been a DECLINE OF THE WEST by Oswald Spengler in 1918 .
He began working on it years before the war .
The book was , in fact , written in part to explain the significance of a German victory .
These things were simply extensions of the trends that had dominated German culture for a generation .
They grew logically out of Nietzsche and Wagner and Freud .
A different outcome in the First World War would probably have made the political right less suspicious of modernity , for the simple reason that left wing politics would not have been anywhere nearly as fashionable among artists as such politics were in defeat .
I would go so far as to say this : something very like the Nazi Party would still have come to power in Germany , even if that country had won the First World War .
I realize that this assertion runs counter to the historiography of most of this century , but the conclusion is inescapable .
Politics is a part of culture , and the Nazis represented a kind of politics which was integral with Weimar culture .
Salvador Dali once said , perhaps ironically , that he approved of the Nazi Party because they represented the surrealists come to power .
The connection is deep , as with the Nazi affinity for the modernist post- rationalism of the philosopher Heidigger , and also superficial , in the styles the party promoted .
The Nuremberg Rallies , for instance , were masterpieces of Art Deco stagecraft , particularly Albert Speer 's " cathedral of ice " effect , created with the use of searchlights .
As a young hopeful in Vienna , Hitler once passed up the chance to work as a theatrical set designer because he was too shy to go to the interview .
But whether he knew it or not , that is what he became .
People with no fascist inclinations at all love to watch film footage produced by the Nazis , for the simple reason that it is very good cinema : it comes from the same artistic culture which gave us METROPOLIS and THE BLUE ANGEL .
The Weimar Republic and the Third Reich formed a historical unit , one whose advent was not dependent on the accident of who won the First World War .
The Nazi Party was other things besides a right wing populist group with a penchant for snazzy uniforms .
It was a millenarian movement .
The term " Third Reich , " " Drittes Reich , " is an old term for the Millennium .
The Party 's core began as a sort of occult lodge , like the Thule Society of Munich to which so many of its important early members belonged .
It promoted a racist theory of history not unlike that of the Theosophist , H.P. Blavatsky , whose movement also used the swastika as an emblem .
The little - read ideological guidebook of the party , Alfred Rosenberg 's MYTH OF THE TWENTIETH CENTURY , begins its study of history in Atlantis .
Like the Theosophists , they looked for a new " root race " of men to appear in the future , perhaps with some artificial help .
When Hitler spoke of the Master Race , it is not entirely clear that he was thinking of contemporary Germans .
This is not to say that the Nazi Party was a conspiracy of evil magicians .
A good , non- conspiratorial account of this disconcerting matter may be found in James Webb's THE OCCULT ESTABLISHMENT .
I have two simple points to make here .
The first is that the leadership had some very odd notions that , at least to some degree , explain the unique things they said and did .
The other is that these ideas were not unique to them , that they were spreading among the German elites .
General Von Moltke , the chief of the General Staff at the beginning of the war , was an Anthroposophist .
( This group drew the peculiar ire of the SS , since Himmler believed that its leader , Rudolf Steiner , hypnotized the general so as to make him mismanage the invasion of France . )
The Nazi Party was immensely popular on university campuses .
The intellectual climate of early 20th century Germany was extraordinarily friendly to mysticism of all types , including in politics .
The Nazi leadership were just particularly nasty people whose worldview bore a family resemblance to that of Herman Hesse and C.G. Jung .
The same would probably have been true of anyone who ruled Germany in the 1930s .
Am I saying then that German defeat in the First World War made no difference ?
Hardly .
If the war had not been lost , the establishment would have been much less discredited , and there would have been less room for the ignorant eccentrics who led the Nazi Party .
Certainly people with no qualifications for higher command , such as Goering , would not have been put in charge of the Luftwaffe , nor would the Foreign Ministry have been given over to so empty - headed a man as Von Ribbentrop .
As for the fate of Hitler himself , who can say ?
The big difference would have been that Germany would been immensely stronger and more competent by the late 1930s than it was in the history we know .
That another war would have been brewed by then we may be sure .
Hitler was only secondarily interested in revenge for the First World War ; his primary goal had always been geopolitical expansion into Eastern Europe and western Asia .
This would have given Germany the Lebensraum to become a world power .
His ideas on the subject were perfectly coherent , and not original with him : they were almost truisms .
There is no reason to think that the heirs of a German victory in 1918 ( or 1919 , or 1920 ) would have been less likely to pursue these objectives .
These alternative German leaders would doubtless have been reacting in part to some new coalition aligned against them .
Its obvious constituents would have been Britain , the United States and Russia , assuming Britain and Russia had a sufficient degree of independence to pursue such a policy .
One suspects that if the Germans pursued a policy of aggressive colonial expansion in the 1920s and 30s , they might have succeeded in alienating the Japanese , who could have provided a fourth to the coalition .
Germany for its part would begun the war with complete control of continental Europe and probably effective control of north Africa and the Near East .
It would also have started with a real navy , so that Britain 's position could have quickly become untenable .
The coalition 's chances in such a war would not have been hopeless , but they would been desperate .
It is commonly said of the First World War that it was pure waste , that it was an accident , that it accomplished nothing .
The analysis I have just presented , on the contrary , suggests that the " war to end all war " may have been the most important war of the modern era after all .
Article contributed by ( c ) John J. Reilly , website .
Photographs courtesy of Photos of the Great War website .
“ Hizb is a fringe group but it is being given a public platform , legitimacy and funding by the very institutions it wishes to destroy , ” said Houriya Ahmed , one of the authors of the report .
“ Just as everyone sees the BNP for what they really are , it ’s time for us all to recognise how dangerous and divisive this group is . ”
By By Gordon K. Chan Jan 19 , 2010 in Science
The exciting one - atom thick super material can now be produced in ample quantities and high quality .
Rapid improvements in nanotechnology are now expected .
Exciting sustaining and disruptive innovations are on the way for just about every digital appliance , from touchscreen tablet computing to solar cells , according to a Science Daily Graphene is a new form of carbon , one atom in thickness , extremely strong and highly conducive .
High performance can be achieved with graphene transistors that can operate at much faster speeds and in higher heat conditions compared to current silicon chip technology .
Moreover , silicon is believed to have achieved the near minimum effective size .
The result ?
Graphene will be big part in ensuring computing technology produce exciting gains in power in small packages .
IBM and Intel are keen on developing the future of computing by further exploring the potential of graphene .
This breakthrough was made possible by European researchers who worked collaboratively in a joint project that produced two successful outcomes , both of which would make the honey - combed shaped graphene commercially viable .
The first project milestone was successfully using micro-fabrication techniques to effectively produce graphene in a practical , scalable way , a process that was once a painstakingly difficult method with variable quality .
The second milestone was precisely measuring the material 's electrical characteristics to ensure that the material would meet technical standards in mass commercial production .
Technology improvements are about to get dramatically ultra-fast .
Exciting sustaining and disruptive innovations are on the way for just about every digital appliance , from touchscreen tablet computing to solar cells , according to a Science Daily report Graphene is a new form of carbon , one atom in thickness , extremely strong and highly conducive .
High performance can be achieved with graphene transistors that can operate at much faster speeds and in higher heat conditions compared to current silicon chip technology .
Moreover , silicon is believed to have achieved the near minimum effective size .
The result ?
Graphene will be big part in ensuring computing technology produce exciting gains in power in small packages .
IBM and Intel are keen on developing the future of computing by further exploring the potential of graphene .
This breakthrough was made possible by European researchers who worked collaboratively in a joint project that produced two successful outcomes , both of which would make the honey - combed shaped graphene commercially viable .
The first project milestone was successfully using micro-fabrication techniques to effectively produce graphene in a practical , scalable way , a process that was once a painstakingly difficult method with variable quality .
The second milestone was precisely measuring the material 's electrical characteristics to ensure that the material would meet technical standards in mass commercial production .
More about Nanotechnology , Graphene , Breakthrough More news from nanotechnology graphene breakthrough
Haiti remains in great need and destitute .
People are asking for donations but you really are n’t too sure how your money will be used .
Help support a group who is bringing clean water to Haiti now and in the future .
You will know where your money is going , who is using it and how it is being used .
Several years ago , New Orleans had too much water in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
All was thought to be lost , especially the football team .
But , as a beacon to Haiti that recovery is possible , the Saints stand on the doorstep to the Super Bowl .
If they make it , Hell will certainly freeze over .
A great new song about the New Orleans Saints and their quest for the elusive Super Bowl is out .
It ’s called , The Night We Drank That Dixie Down and is fabulous .
To truly appreciate it , one might want to know the history of the Saints .
New Orleans was awarded a franchise on November 1 , 1966 , which is All - Saints Day .
They went 5 - 1 in the preseason of 1967 and on the opening kickoff of the first game in Saints history , the kick - off was returned for a touchdown .
But , that first game kinda set the stage for the franchise .
Hope rises every year followed by disappointment .
The Saints lost that first game , but did manage to win 3 games that year .
The next two years saw improvement with 4 wins followed by 5 wins in 1969 .
Their 1970 first round draft pick became a star for …the Houston Oilers .
The team fell to two wins but the season included the most celebrated event in Saints ’ history for years to come .
Tom Dempsey kicked an NFL record 63 yard field goal ( video ) to beat the Detroit Lions .
That record has been tied by Jason Elam of Denver kicking at the Mile High altitude of Denver , but it has not been surpassed .
In the 1970 ’s , the Saints won a total of 42 games … an average of just 4 per year .
1979 was the first non-losing season in team history as they finished 8 - 8 .
The first 5 years of the 1980 ’s were a little better with 29 wins .
By that time , the Saints had gone through several big name players such as Billy Kilmer , Jim Taylor , Archie Manning , George Rogers , Earl Campbell and Ken Stabler .
They also had headline coaches such as Dick Nolan , Hank Stram and Bum Phillips .
Still the highlight of the Saints remained Dempsey ’s 63 yard field goal .
The team then went from sad sacks to not too bad and hope was born when Jim Mora took over in 1986 .
After going 7 - 9 in Mora ’s first season , the Saints won 12 games and made the playoffs .
Both the win total and the playoff appearance were firsts for New Orleans .
But , they lost in the playoffs .
The next two years were teasers with 9 wins coming in ’ 88 and ’ 89 but they did not make the playoffs .
Still , Saint ’s fans were optimistic .
In 1990 , they were a .500 team but still made the playoffs and promtly lost .
Double - digit wins in 1991 and 1992 led to first round playoff losses .
Saints fans though , remained loyal .
For the next few years , the Saints were mediocre , did not make the playoffs and when the team began 1996 at 2 - 6 , the loyal fans still showed up , but did so wearing bags on their heads that said “ Aints ” .
That was it for Mora .
Mike Ditka showed up and Saints ’ fans once again were optimistic .
The team went 6 - 10 in Iron Mike ’s first two years , but after Ditka traded all of the team ’s draft picks in 1999 for RB Ricky Williams and the team tumbled to just 3 wins , the Aints bags were back out and Ditka was sent packing .
The 2000 ’s showed improvement but still , they were back to being almost good enough .
It was the make the playoffs and out routine or just missing the playoffs routine .
Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005 and the Saints were forced to play their home games in San Antonio , TX .
Rumors were that owner Tom Benson , who was from San Antonio , would move the team .
The population of New Orleans fell by the thousands and there was question as to the city could still support the team .
But , those naysayers underestimated the heart of a Saints fan .
I can tell you …if you live anywhere in the state of Louisiana , there is no other game on TV besides the Saints , regardless of their record .
Well , in 2006 , Drew Brees led the Saints all the way to the NFC Championship game where they lost , again .
After a couple of good but disappointing years , the Saints now find themselves with home field advantage in the NFC Championship Game again .
They play the Minnesota Vikings who have a soap - opera storyline themselves with 4 Superbowl losses in the 1970’s .
And this year they have the journeyman future Hall of Famer Bret Favre .
But at least the Vikings have made it to the Super Bowl .
The Saints are one of only three teams to not be in the big game or an NFL Championship game .
The other two are the Jacksonville Jaguars who did not enter the league until 1995 and the Houston Texans who only have been around since 2002 .
So , let us all hoist a Dixie Beer to the Saints and their loyal but long suffering fans and see what fate befalls the team after 43 years of futility .
Weather Bottom Line :
We did not get any sunshine today but it was still rather mild with highs in the mid 50 ’s … sorry you had to go to Bowling Green to find 60 .
I will give you one certainty .
It will be colder next week .
Beyond that , it gets kinda muddled .
Saturday night will be a good chance for rain and possible t’storms , though nothing too exciting .
Same is true on Sunday .
A cold front comes through on Monday and then a secondary trof may bring some snow late Monday with some flurries or light snow .
I think the snow total comes to about an inch on the most aggressive model and that is over about 36 hours .
The ground probably wo n’t be cold enough for much accumulation initially so it really wont be that big of a deal though driving may be tough Tuesday morning .
After that , we have another system by Thursday or Friday .
Some data suggests a guy coming from the Gulf and other ideas are it comes across the southern tier of states .
We may get above freezing from time to time during the week but not much and by late Thursday or early Friday , the issue of the track of the next system will determine how much snow we get .
I can draw a scenario of 6 inches and another of rain with a little snow and then another with some ice mixed in , which I do n’t like .
So , we ’ll have to wait and see .
Sequence of Events below to read about what really occurred at Deir Yassin .
Following are the events that took place on the day of the massacre .
They are listed in sequential order by the time at which they occurred .
Use the arrow icons to return to the Sequence of Events just below .
Sequence of Events Commando Assault Begins
Over 100 Dead
Press Manipulation
Goals Achieved
Aftermath
By noon over 100 people , half of them women and children , had been systematically murdered .
Four commandos died at the hands of resisting Palestinians using old Mausers and muskets .
Twenty - five male villagers were loaded into trucks , paraded through the Zakhron Yosef quarter in Jerusalem , and then taken to a stone quarry along the road between Givat Shaul and Deir Yassin and shot to death .
The remaining residents were driven to Arab East Jerusalem .
That evening the Irgunists and the Sternists escorted a party of foreign correspondents to a house at Givat Shaul , a nearby Jewish settlement founded in 1906 .
Over tea and cookies they amplified the details of the operation and justified it , saying Deir Yassin had become a concentration point for Arabs , including Syrians and Iraqis , planning to attack the western suburbs of Jerusalem .
They said that 25 members of the Haganah militia had reinforced the attack and claimed that an Arabic - speaking Jew had warned the villagers over a loudspeaker from an armored car .
This was duly reported in The New York Times on April 10 .
A final body count of 254 was reported by The New York Times on April 13 , a day after they were finally buried .
By then the leaders of the Haganah had distanced themselves from having participated in the attack and issued a statement denouncing the dissidents of Irgun and the Stern Gang , just as they had after the attack on the King David Hotel in July 1946 .
A 1987 study undertaken by Birzeit University's
The Haganah leaders admitted that the massacre " disgraced the cause of Jewish fighters and dishonored Jewish arms and the Jewish flag . "
They played down the fact that their militia had reinforced the terrorists ' attack , even though they did not participate in the barbarism and looting during the subsequent " mopping up " operations .
They also played down the fact that , in Begin 's words , " Deir Yassin was captured with the knowledge of the Haganah and with the approval of its commander " as a part of its " plan for establishing an airfield . "
Ben Gurion even sent an apology to King Abdullah of Trans - Jordan .
But this horrific act served the future State of Israel well .
According to Begin :
Arabs throughout the country , induced to believe wild tales of " Irgun butchery , " were seized with limitless panic and started to flee for their lives .
This mass flight soon developed into a maddened , uncontrollable stampede .
The political and economic significance of this development can hardly be overestimated .
Of about 144 houses , 10 were dynamited .
The cemetery was later bulldozed and , like hundreds of other Palestinian villages to follow , Deir Yassin was wiped off the map .
By September , Orthodox Jewish immigrants from Poland , Rumania , and Slovakia were settled there over the objections of Martin Buber , Cecil Roth and other Jewish leaders , who believed that the site of the massacre should be left uninhabited .
The center of the village was renamed Givat Shaul Bet .
As Jerusalem expanded , the land of Deir Yassin became part of the city and is now known simply as the area between Givat Shaul and the settlement of Har Nof on the western slopes of the mountain .
The massacre of Palestinians at Deir Yassin is one of the most significant events in 20th - century Palestinian and Israeli history .
This is not because of its size or its brutality , but because it stands as the starkest early warning of a calculated depopulation of over 400 Arab villages and cities and the expulsion of over 700,000 Palestinian inhabitants to make room for survivors of the Holocaust and other Jews from the rest of the world .
Click on the articles button to browse an index of article dealing with the massacre .
Use thebelow to read about what really occurred at Deir Yassin .
Following are the events that took place on the day of the massacre .
They are listed in sequential order by the time at which they occurred .
Use the arrow icons to return to thejust below .
Early in the morning of Friday , April 9 , 1948 , commandos of the Irgun , headed by Menachem Begin , and the Stern Gang attacked Deir Yassin , a village with about 750 Palestinian residents .
It was several weeks before the end of the British Mandate .
The village lay outside of the area that the United Nations recommended be included in a future Jewish State .
Deir Yassin had a peaceful reputation and was even said by a Jewish newspaper to have driven out some Arab militants .
But it was located on high ground in the corridor between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem and one plan , kept secret until years afterwards , called for it to be destroyed and the residents evacuated to make way for a small airfield that would supply the beleaguered Jewish residents of Jerusalem .
By noon over 100 people , half of them women and children , had been systematically murdered .
Four commandos died at the hands of resisting Palestinians using old Mausers and muskets .
Twenty - five male villagers were loaded into trucks , paraded through the Zakhron Yosef quarter in Jerusalem , and then taken to a stone quarry along the road between Givat Shaul and Deir Yassin and shot to death .
The remaining residents were driven to Arab East Jerusalem .
That evening the Irgunists and the Sternists escorted a party of foreign correspondents to a house at Givat Shaul , a nearby Jewish settlement founded in 1906 .
Over tea and cookies they amplified the details of the operation and justified it , saying Deir Yassin had become a concentration point for Arabs , including Syrians and Iraqis , planning to attack the western suburbs of Jerusalem .
They said that 25 members of the Haganah militia had reinforced the attack and claimed that an Arabic - speaking Jew had warned the villagers over a loudspeaker from an armored car .
This was duly reported in The New York Times on April 10 .
A final body count of 254 was reported by The New York Times on April 13 , a day after they were finally buried .
By then the leaders of the Haganah had distanced themselves from having participated in the attack and issued a statement denouncing the dissidents of Irgun and the Stern Gang , just as they had after the attack on the King David Hotel in July 1946 .
A 1987 study undertaken by Birzeit University 's Center for Research and Documentation of Palestinian Society found " the numbers of those killed does not exceed 120 " .
The Haganah leaders admitted that the massacre " disgraced the cause of Jewish fighters and dishonored Jewish arms and the Jewish flag . "
They played down the fact that their militia had reinforced the terrorists ' attack , even though they did not participate in the barbarism and looting during the subsequent " mopping up " operations .
They also played down the fact that , in Begin 's words , " Deir Yassin was captured with the knowledge of the Haganah and with the approval of its commander " as a part of its " plan for establishing an airfield .
" Ben Gurion even sent an apology to King Abdullah of Trans - Jordan .
But this horrific act served the future State of Israel well .
According to Begin : Of about 144 houses , 10 were dynamited .
The cemetery was later bulldozed and , like hundreds of other Palestinian villages to follow , Deir Yassin was wiped off the map .
By September , Orthodox Jewish immigrants from Poland , Rumania , and Slovakia were settled there over the objections of Martin Buber , Cecil Roth and other Jewish leaders , who believed that the site of the massacre should be left uninhabited .
The center of the village was renamed Givat Shaul Bet .
As Jerusalem expanded , the land of Deir Yassin became part of the city and is now known simply as the area between Givat Shaul and the settlement of Har Nof on the western slopes of the mountain .
The massacre of Palestinians at Deir Yassin is one of the most significant events in 20th - century Palestinian and Israeli history .
This is not because of its size or its brutality , but because it stands as the starkest early warning of a calculated depopulation of over 400 Arab villages and cities and the expulsion of over 700,000 Palestinian inhabitants to make room for survivors of the Holocaust and other Jews from the rest of the world .
I 'm inclined to believe the fierce resistance to health - care reform in the United States is the work of a small fringe .
The other possibility is that there 's something deep in the psyche of Americans that drives them to defend to the death their right to deny health care to millions of their fellow citizens .
Some have attempted to downplay the scariness of recent protests against President Barack Obama 's health reform efforts , noting that a lot of Americans protested George W. Bush as well .
But the anti-Obama protesters are much more extreme – and yet are treated much more respectfully .
When Obama spoke in Phoenix last month , about a dozen protesters showed up carrying guns , including one who was interviewed by the national media as he strutted about freely with an assault rifle slung over his shoulder .
( Anti-Bush protesters got no such media attention , and would have been arrested – if not shot – had they shown up at presidential rallies bearing assault weapons . )
While the U.S. media gave prime time to gun-toting health reform opponents , they all but ignored a Harvard study , reported last week in the American Journal of Public Health , that found nearly 45,000 people die in the U.S. each year largely because they lack health insurance .
As resistance to U.S. health reform rages on – with its inane , vicious , even racist overtones – the fiasco should remind Canadians of the dangers of allowing our public health - care system to deteriorate .
What makes health reform so elusive in the U.S. is the way its opponents – led by wealthy corporate interests – are able to play Americans off against each other .
Americans are hunkered down in their own little bunkers , watching out just for themselves and their families .
Anyone proposing reforms that might result in higher taxes is met with a rifle poked out the top of the bunker .
It 's this dynamic – citizens pitted against each other – that has kept Americans at each other 's throats over health care for years .
It 's easy to understand , for instance , why middle class American taxpayers resent paying for medicaid , a public program that provides some coverage for the poor , when these same taxpayers can't afford coverage for themselves and their families .
The only real solution is public health care for all .
A Canadian - style plan could save Americans $ 400 billion a year , Harvard 's Dr. David Himmelstein wrote recently in the New England Journal of Medicine .
But Americans are so uninformed about the rest of the world that few even seem aware any Canadian can spend weeks in hospital getting state - of - the - art medical treatment and then walk out the front door without owing a penny .
Such is the menace of public health care .
Universal care is extremely popular once it's in place , but it can be hard to overcome resistance to putting it in place , as the current U.S. psychodrama shows .
( Canada went through a less traumatic , but still difficult initiation . )
All this should serve as a potent lesson to Canadians about the urgency of protecting our public health - care system .
Once it starts to fall apart , the rich bolt from it , arrange for their own care and then object to paying taxes for a system they do n't much use .
The importance of avoiding this fate has never been more apparent than now , when the snarling fury of America 's current crop of right - wing extremists almost makes one nostalgic for last year 's gentler , childlike lunacy of Sarah Palin .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Linda McQuaig 's column appears every other week .
lmcquaig@sympatico.ca
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY --
Next month , a most unusual automobile auction will take place .
If you 're looking for something classic or exotic , you 'll have a chance to bid on it .
It 's a huge collection of vehicles owned by an alleged white - collar criminal who will soon go to trial in Utah .
Right now , the vehicles are stored in an old , narrow , brick warehouse in Salt Lake .
It 's a stunning sight at first : side by side , bumper to bumper , from one end of the building to the other ; millions of dollars worth of vehicles .
Over the past year , the cars , trucks and bikes were confiscated by the U.S. Marshals Service .
" We regularly seize vehicles and properties , but this is by far the largest collection that we 've ever seized , " said Dan Juergens , Deputy U.S. Marshal for the Utah district .
When a federal criminal case involving stolen property is wrapped up , the ill - gotten items are sold at auction .
Rob Olson , owner of Erkelens & Olson Auctioneers in Salt Lake , has the contract to conduct the auctions for the U.S. Marshals Utah district .
He said this will be the biggest vehicle collection he 's ever had to auction , and he was astounded when he first saw it .
" We were like kids in a candy store , " Olson said .
" We would open up a storage door and could n't believe what we saw in front of us .
We 'd put that door down and go to the next and say , ‘ Wow !
It just gets better . ' "
What makes this collection even more interesting is that all of the vehicles -- close to 300 in all -- is their connection to Mowen .
He 's facing charges in an alleged Ponzi scheme where hundreds of investors lost $ 18 million .
Prosecutors also charged Mowen with trying to get a fellow Davis County inmate to kill four people who were scheduled to testify against him .
He pleaded not guilty in a hearing earlier this week .
Investigators located Mowen 's vehicles all over Utah .
" We picked up vehicles from different mechanics shops that the individual dropped them off at ; a lot of them from storage units ; we actually went to residences of individuals that had given vehicles to .
You name it , we found vehicles just about everywhere you can think of , " Juergens said .
Mercedes , Bentley , Desoto : classic , collectors and exotics make up this collection .
" I'm a third - generation auctioneer , " Olson said .
" This is the nicest collection I 've ever seen -- ever . "
Two auctions are planned to sell all of the vehicles : one on Jan. 7 , and the other on Jan. 21 .
The location is still to be determined .
Hundreds of people are expected to make bids on all the items .
Olson expects every vehicle to sell .
The auction should bring in several million dollars , which will be returned to Mowen 's investors .
For a look at all the vehicles up for auction , click on the links below :
E-mail : kmccord@ksl.com
×
Photos
Related Links
Related Stories
Keith Olbermann wrote on Daily Kos this afternoon that MSNBC will be doing a two hour special tonight from 8 - 10 pm on today ’s Obama powow with congressional Republicans …
This is a plug for sure , but kind of an organic one because our ability to get out the word on this is limited by the lateness of the hour .
But from 8 to 10 PM Eastern tonight , Rachel , Chris Matthews and I will be presenting a two - hour special report on the President ’s remarks ( and answers ) to the Republican Retreat ( and wow did it live up to that name ) .
We will be aiming for analysis and perspective for sure , but not to the point of carving this up into little soundbites .
We will be running , as they say , “ large chunks ” and then cutting back to the studio to see which one of our jaws can drop the closest to the floor .
Parenthetically , I always said the actual “ Prime Minister ’s Question Time ” on C - SPAN was one of my favorite tv shows but the thought of doing an American version gave me the mental image of all of our politicians running screaming into the streets after the first five minutes of questioning .
Apparently that would all but one of our politicians .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Somali Pirate Exchange Lets Investors Bet on Hitting a Ransom Jackpot
Now Somali civilians can invest cash or weapons into pirate companies and hope for a share of the ransom money
Jerry Snapp loved Tiffany , and it broke his heart that he had to sell her .
Close to 200 pounds , almost 4 feet tall , a foot and a half wide , she was his most beautiful skull .
He picked her up in the spring of ’ 97 .
He heard about her from a friend and wanted to know where she came from .
“ The L.A. Zoo , ” his friend said .
And how much did she cost ?
" $ 500 . ”
The next day he rented a truck and headed off to D&D Rendering in Vernon .
Tiffany was out back , her head slowly rotting in a gray plastic box , destined for a landfill if a buyer was n’t found .
Her three legs stood off to a side ; no one explained the missing one .
Snapp paid cash , and a forklift dropped the box onto the truck .
Once home in Riverside , he found a corner of his property sheltered from the breeze and added dermestid beetles .
Soon he could hear them chewing away , a sound like a child eating Cheetos .
It took two years , and when the beetles were done , Snapp washed the skull with peroxide , named her Tiffany -- the glittery name from a tiara that he had saved from a Halloween costume -- and put her on display .
She fit right in with the assorted oddities of his Wunderkammer , the Cabinet of Curiosities , which he took on the road to renaissance fairs and craft shows .
For only a buck , cameras allowed , visitors could view his collection of Neolithic weapons , shrunken heads , crystals , eggs and such phantasmagoric creations as a chupacabra , a unicorn and a mutant creature from New Guinea .
Tiffany maintained a regal and mysterious mien .
Her sinus cavities looked like eyes , two flanges of bone like teeth .
No one believed she was an elephant .
She came from Asia , Snapp explained ; that ’s why her tusks were so small .
But those days were over .
The recession had hit , and Snapp was broke .
He had no choice but to try to sell her .
It was a decision he wished he had never made .
Initially she did n’t have a name .
She had come to the United States from Thailand as a baby , a gift to the children of Utica , N.Y. , from the Utica Mutual Insurance Co. , and the city rolled out the red carpet for her .
Norman Rockwell could n’t have painted a happier scene .
It was late summer , 1966 .
Clowns , Mr. Peanut , an honor guard of 12 lucky children , the mayor , Jungle George and a goat named Paula greeted her on the tarmac .
Within the week , she was christened Asiannie , 7 - year - old Terri - Jo Barton ’s entry in a Name the Elephant contest .
In the fall , 4 million elementary school students across the country read about Asiannie in a My Weekly Reader news feature , and the citizens of Utica beamed with pride .
Two years later , she had outgrown her pen , and zoo officials considered selling her and buying another elephant rather than pay for a new home .
But the children rallied , and additional space was found .
When she topped 3,000 pounds in 1971 , the zoo had no choice but to sell her to a broker in Delaware .
Tranquilized and in the company of Stanley the sheep , she was loaded onto a horse van when no one was looking .
Close to the Pennsylvania border , her van got stranded in a blizzard -- 23 inches in 36 hours .
She almost died .
Snapp posted Tiffany on Craigslist for $ 9,000 on Nov. 11 , 2008 , and immediately heard from a collector in Toutle , Wash .
They exchanged e-mails , but negotiations stopped when Snapp admitted he did n’t have documentation proving the skull was legally obtained .
Because Tiffany was an Asian elephant and because Asian elephants were endangered , Snapp realized that selling her might be a violation of the Endangered Species Act .
But he was uncertain :
He had n’t imported Tiffany , and she came into the country before the act was passed in 1973 .
A few weeks later , Snapp received a new inquiry , this one from a Steve who also lived in Washington state .
By now Snapp had reduced the price to $ 4,500 and was including a rhinoceros skull for an extra $ 3,000 .
Steve was interested but wanted a friend to check it out .
On a sunny afternoon in mid-December , Snapp greeted Ed Newcomer in front of the two - story farmhouse Snapp rented .
They had spoken over the phone the day before , and Newcomer had invited his cousin Lisa to join him .
Wearing a Hawaiian shirt unbuttoned low and leaning on a cane with an elk - antler handle , his long hair tied back , Snapp looked the showman and invited his guests inside to see Tiffany .
“ Man , oh , man , ” Newcomer said as he walked into the living room , eager to find out what else Snapp had collected .
Asiannie survived the blizzard and ended up in a private zoo in the Allegheny Mountains .
The keepers shortened her name to Annie and trained her to carry children .
She lived there for 20 years until the owner closed the zoo .
Across the country , Gary and Kari Johnson did n’t need another elephant for their troupe , Have Trunk Will Travel , but they liked Annie ’s calm eye .
They paid $ 40,000 and trucked her to their 10 - acre compound in Perris , Calif .
She joined the Johnsons ’ retinue and went on trips to county fairs and zoos until the general curator of the Los Angeles Zoo noticed her .
After a renovation of the elephant barn and yard , the Johnsons and the zoo swapped her and another pachyderm for three juveniles .
In 1994 , Annie stood with the herd in Griffith Park .
For three years , she was treated for ailments related to stress and age : weight loss , stiffness , a fractured tusk .
One day her keepers found blood and diarrhea in the barn .
Medication , water and electrolytes proved ineffective , and at 2:45 a.m. on March 22 , 1997 , Annie was found dead .
The cause was salmonellosis .
Pathology reports indicated a possible tuberculosis infection and concern for “ zoonotic potential ” : Annie could infect anyone who handled her .
But by then she had been taken to the rendering plant .
Bones had always fascinated Snapp .
He could remember running through Denver ’s natural history museum as a little boy , staring up at the mastodon , the mammoth and the 75 - foot - long brontosaurus .
No wonder he got into this business , cleaning bones , building creatures and setting up a website , trollsgarden.com , for his wares .
If other companies -- Necromance on Melrose Avenue and , nationally , Art by God in Florida and Skulls Unlimited in Oklahoma -- could tap into this market , he could as well .
Then in 2008 the economy turned , and buyers pulled back .
When his roommate died in September of that year , Snapp lost the extra rent and the bank foreclosed on a house he owned across the street .
He had no choice but to sell his collection .
With most of his questions answered , Newcomer told Snapp that he did n’t have the $ 4,500 , but Steve could wire it or send a money order .
“ A check is just fine if he overnights it , ” Snapp said .
“ A check ?
OK . ”
“ That ’s all I ’d ask , because . . . I ’m on the edge of collapse . ”
They talked about the Endangered Species Act.
Snapp offered to research the law .
“ That ’s good , ” Newcomer said .
He then properly introduced himself .
“ Lisa and I are both special agents with the Fish and Wildlife Service . ”
In Newcomer ’s waistband was a pistol .
In his pocket was a recorder that captured every word spoken during the interview with Snapp .
In his six years with the Fish and Wildlife Service , Newcomer had worked his share of high - profile cases -- a killer of hawks , an importer of rare butterflies -- but he had never heard of anyone selling an elephant skull .
In the end , he was n’t concerned that it had come from the zoo .
That it was on the market was enough .
It fueled an appetite for endangered species , and his job -- indeed , the government ’s job -- was to stop the trade of illegal wildlife products in the United States .
It may not be the crime of the century , but it was still critical for the agency to pursue .
“ Are you guys really out here to get me into trouble ? ” Snapp asked .
After the agent in Washington , Steve Furrer , initiated the undercover operation with his e-mails to Snapp , Newcomer ’s job was to learn whether Snapp knew that selling the skull across state lines was illegal and whether he was a regular in the trade .
Private parties often put items for sale on the Internet -- heirlooms , jewelry , furs made from endangered species -- without knowing those ads are illegal .
Selling within a state is sometimes allowed , but market them across state lines and it ’s a misdemeanor .
Transport them and it ’s a felony .
“ What am I doing wrong here ? ” Snapp asked .
Newcomer had determined that Snapp knew he was breaking the law .
There was enough evidence , Newcomer said , for misdemeanor charges .
With the help of two wardens from the state Department of Fish and Game , Newcomer loaded Tiffany and the rhino skull into the van .
Afterward , Newcomer and Snapp chatted a little more , reminiscing about their childhoods .
They had both grown up in Denver .
Snapp was 11 years older than Newcomer , but as kids they had visited the zoo ’s Pachyderm House , and they both remembered Cookie , the resident elephant .
Snapp pleaded not guilty to the charges that he had illegally offered to sell endangered species in interstate commerce .
He may have broken the letter of the law , but as he saw it , he had n’t endangered any species by trying to sell the skull .
He saw himself as no different from piano manufacturers who ship antique ivory keys around the country with impunity .
He hoped a jury would agree .
“ All rise . ”
Court was in session at the Edward R. Roybal Federal Building in downtown Los Angeles .
The Honorable Ralph Zarefsky took his seat .
Covered by a tarp , Annie was on a cart beside Newcomer , who sat with the prosecution .
Once the jury had been selected , Assistant U.S. Atty .
Dennis Mitchell laid out his case , and defense attorney Anthony Eaglin painted his client as a museum curator who ’d fallen on hard times .
The government put its witnesses on the stand : the man who tipped off the agency to the ad ; the agents who assisted Newcomer ; a forensic morphologist who identified the skull ; and Newcomer himself .
The defense called no one , and when the trial moved into closing arguments , Mitchell kept to the facts and Eaglin to an element of doubt .
Snapp had received no money , his attorney said , and he transported the skull nowhere .
Within two hours , the jurors had reached their decision .
As they waited to be called back to the courtroom , they talked , dumbfounded that the government had taken this case as far as it did .
They wondered about the expense of the trial and what example Snapp could be .
Once in court , Juror No. 8 passed the verdict to the judge .
Snapp stood .
Guilty .
Almost four months later , the judge sentenced Snapp to three years ’ probation with home detention and electronic monitoring for three months .
He must perform 100 hours of community service .
All fines were waived because of Snapp ’s inability to pay .
He also forfeits ownership of Annie .
The U.S. government now owns Annie .
She resides in a warehouse in Torrance , surrounded by other items of the illegal wildlife trade : a tiger , a rhino head , lizards .
Since Snapp ’s conviction , Newcomer contacted Cal State Northridge , the Natural History Museum and the Los Angeles Zoo to see if they might put Annie on display .
The zoo seems most interested , but details still need to be worked out .
thomas.curwen@latimes.com
In July of 1917 , teenage cousins Elsie Wright and Frances Griffiths took two photographs – the first of Frances with a group of Fairies , the second of Elsie with a Gnome – in the garden of Elsie ’s home in England .
Three years later , after various experts had incorrectly confirmed the photographs ’ authenticity , Sherlock Holmes creator Arthur Conan Doyle heard of their existence and immediately contacted the girls and their families in order to discover more .
Almost instantly Doyle , a spiritualist , believed the girls ’ story and proceeded to write a feature about the phenomenon for Strand Magazine .
The photos of the ‘ Cottingley Fairies ‘ were quickly world renowned and the centre of much debate .
It was n’t until 1981 – 64 years later – that Elsie confessed to having made the Fairies using paper and cardboard .
Below are two of the letters written by Doyle ; the first to Elsie , the second to her father .
Others can be seen here .
Transcript follows .
Transcripts
Letter One
Dear Miss Elsie Wright I have seen the wonderful pictures of the fairies which you and your cousin Frances have taken , and I have not been so interested for a long time .
I will send you tomorrow one of my little books for I am sure you are not too old to enjoy adventures .
I am going to Australia soon , but I only wish before I go that I could get to Bradford and have half an hours chat with you , for I should like to hear all about it .
With best wishes Yours sincerely Arthur Conan Doyle Mr Gardner told me about it .
Letter Two
Dear Mr. Wright I have seen the very interesting photos which your little girl took .
They are certainly amazing .
I was writing a little article for the Strand upon the evidence for the existence of fairies , so that I was very much interested .
I should naturally like to use the photos , along with other material , in my article but would not of course do so without your knowledge and permission .
It would be in the Xmas number .
I suggest 1 . That no name be mentioned , so that neither you nor your daughter be annoyed in any way .
2 . That the use be reserved for the Strand only until Xmas .
After that it reverts of course to you .
3 . That either £ 5 be paid to you by the Strand for the temporary use , or that if you do n’t care to take money , you be put on the free list of the magazine for five years .
The articles appear in America in connection with the Strand publication .
I would , if you agree , try to get you another £ 5 from that side .
If this is all agreeable to you I or my friend Mr Gardner would try to run up & have half an hours chat with the girls Yours sincerely A Conan Doyle
There ’s a common misconception that artists have a monopoly on creativity …
But the very act of making waves – no matter the career – is a creative one .
cjLIVE is an exploration of creativity , self discovery , entrepreneurship , hard earned lessons , and so much more .
I sit down with the world ’s top creative entrepreneurs and thought leaders and unpack actionable , valuable insights to help you live your dreams in career , hobby , and in life .
New episodes coming your way weekly .
Do n’t miss another great episode .
Subscribe !
Top 10 : Hottest Aliens
Since man ’s creation , he has wondered if he is alone in this vast dark universe .
Some believe the age - old question has been answered and kept in hiding .
Others believe it may never be answered .
All societies , old and new , have their own way of pondering the possibility of other beings .
One thing is for sure :
If we do ever find extraterrestrial life , we are going to bedisappointed .
There is a very slim chance that real aliens will look like how they are portrayed in Hollywood .
Take a look at Zoe Saldana ’s character in James Cameron 's latest sci- fi , .
Tall , thin , great body — sound familiar ?
She ’s built like a supermodel .
It ’s not a new thing .
This trend goes back to Hollywood ’s roots .
Nothing goes better with a sci - fi plot than a beautiful girl dressed as an alien .
These are the hottest aliens to ever hit the big / silver screen .
Some people say Pharrell Williams has a touch of gold , thanks to all of his successes with the Neptunes , N.E.R.D. , and BBC / Ice Cream .
Now you can experience that touch up close , with these Atelier WM candles molded from the hands of Skateboard P himself .
Available in a variety of colors and poses , including Pharrell 's famous Star Trek hand sign , these candles are sure to garner some attention while sitting on your coffee table .
Price : $ 110.00
Have you ever been younger than you are right now ?
Send pictures and your name to : iusedtobeyounger@gmail.com
Pictures are not guaranteed publication .
When you submit your picture , you grant I Used to Be Younger a non-exclusive , irrevocable , royalty - free license to use the work to be used , copied , sublicensed , adapted , transmitted , distributed , published , displayed or otherwise under our sole discretion .
Pics of people now and when they were younger .
Seen on : " Love your site ! " - Jenny
" What a great blog ! " - Mel " Your blog is amazingly cute . " - Jessica
Thrown together by Jed
Theme by nostrich .
Back in March 2009 , a mock Nissan commercial surfaced on YouTube that pits Hyundai against Toyota , starring Andy Richter and James Adomian .
I thought a slight change to the ending of the video would be more appropriate .
( Hopefully the lawyers over at Nissan are sympathetic to us cyclists ) .
The video highlights something that we have talked about on The Urban Country over the years .
People are always trying to out - do their neighbours – keeping up with the Joneses , as they say – which tends to drive our society to consume more and more .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————–
Other “ keeping up with the Joneses ” articles on theurbancountry.com : Redefining Freedom ( October 3 , 2008 )
The New American Dream ( October 19 , 2008 )
Middle - Aged Men Powering Through Midlife Crisis ( August 11 , 2009 ) — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——————–
Automobile commercials normally do a great job to convince people that they need to upgrade their car every couple years to the newest and greatest model , and many people succumb to this illogic by buying a new car every couple years .
This commercial is different – it highlights how ridiculous “ keeping up with the Joneses ” really is .
It also shows how angry drivers can become when somebody else has an advantage over them ( even if it shows a greatly exaggerated and unrealistic response ) .
When I ride my bicycle in Toronto , I sometimes feel that automobile drivers show animosity toward cyclists – especially during rush hour – simply because cyclists are able to move at a faster pace than their gridlocked automobiles .
It also does n’t help that there is a perception out there that drivers pay for the roads and thus have more rights to the roads than cyclists .
But we have addressed this myth in our “ Cyclists Paving the Way for Ungrateful Drivers ” article .
I have also found that this animosity can be greatly reduced – by riding at a calm pace , on a sit - up bicycle – though it cannot be eliminated altogether .
Cycling in Virginia by James D. Schwartz / The Urban Country ( Sept. 2009 )
When I first saw the Nissan commercial , I thought it would make a great commercial to promote cycling – but unfortunately it ended with the Nissan driver avoiding the battle between the Toyota and the Hyundai .
( Because the Nissan is of course better than both the Toyota and the Hyundai , so the Nissan owner did n’t want to be shot – or so that ’s what the commercial wants you to think ) .
Let ’s look at our options here :
Option Price MPG 2009 Hyundai Elantra $ 19,500 24 2009 Toyota Prius $ 14,500 ( with cash back offer ) 36 Standard Commuter Bicycle Approx .
$ 300 Unlimited
I would rather have any old bicycle than a Nissan , Toyota , or a Hyundai .
It ’s all about forgetting about the Joneses – and having fun and being healthy at the same time !
James D. Schwartz is the editor of The Urban Country .
You can view all of James ’ articles here .
Other Related Articles :
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement is holding an untold number of people in secretively maintained detention facilities all over the United States , according to a report set to be published next year in The Nation .
Many of the sites are unmarked and unlisted , going unnoticed in office parks and commercial zones , according to reporter Jacqueline Stevens .
The so - called ICE “ subfield offices ” are mainly used to house prisoners in transfer and are not subject to the basic standards applied to ICE and even military prisoners .
ADVERTISEMENT
At a subfield office known as B - 18 , located near a Los Angeles federal building , ICE keeps immigrant prisoners in “ a barely converted storage facility . ”
“ You actually walk down the sidewalk and into an underground parking lot .
Then you turn right , open a big door and voilà , you ’re in a detention center , ” explained Ahilan Arulanantham , an ACLU immigration attorney interviewed by The Nation .
“ Without knowing where you were going , he said , “ it ’s not clear to me how anyone would find it .
What this breeds , not surprisingly , is a whole host of problems concerning access to phones , relatives and counsel . ”
The report continued : “ B - 18 , it turned out , was not a transfer area from point A to point B but rather an irrationally revolving stockroom that would shuttle the same people briefly to the local jails , sometimes from 1 to 5 ?am , and then bring them back , shackled to one another , stooped and crouching in overpacked vans .
These transfers made it impossible for anyone to know their location , as there would be no notice to attorneys or relatives when people moved .
At times the B - 18 occupants were left overnight , the frigid onslaught of forced air and lack of mattresses or bedding defeating sleep .
The hours of sitting in packed cells on benches or the concrete floor meant further physical and mental duress . ”
One former prisoner who spoke with The Nation said that when she inquired how long she would be held , guards laughed at her .
“ I was thinking these people are going to put me and the other people in a grinder and make sausages and sell them in the local market , ” she reportedly said .
A list of the 186 facilities is available here [ PDF format ] .
ADVERTISEMENT
Read the full report here .
The next edition of The Nation is due out Jan. 4 , 2010 .
A CAMPAIGN that portrays single middle - aged women as cougars who prowl bars looking for sex with young men has landed Air New Zealand in hot water .
The country 's national carrier was already causing turbulence with its latest uniform range , which critics said made women look like drag queens in Russian military garb .
Now they 've ruffled the feathers of women 's rights groups and rape prevention organisations with a risque online promotion portraying the mating habits of the mature single woman .
In the Discovery Channel - style documentary clip complete with David Attenborough - esque voiceover , a so - called cougar is shown " starving itself on sparse vegetation during the day then hunting large slabs of meat at night " by stalking a young man at a bar .
Despite the man 's attempts to ward off the woman 's advances , the cougar has " not tasted fresh meat for days " and drags her prey to an inner-city apartment .
In the ad , the women , aged in their 30s , 40s and 50s , routinely prey on men in their 20s , many who " pretend to be gay " to avoid them , says the voiceover .
The promotion encourages women 35 - plus to send in photographs of themselves out on the town with their " cougar mates " to go in the draw for a deal including a flight and ticket to a sporting event .
New Zealand 's Rape Prevention Education has labelled the ad appalling , disgusting and degrading to women .
" We have also had complaints from male survivors who have been raped by women and they are very distressed that their situation is being laughed at and made out to be humorous , " director Kim McGregor said .
An airline spokeswoman said the campaign was supposed to be " light - hearted " but some older women had " taken a bit of offence to it " .
" ( They ) felt it was an unfair kind of blanket comment , " she said .
Many did n't , however , with 60 women signing up to go in to win flights , tickets and cougar costumes to attract the attention of young males .
Second Date é o primeiro filme a ser produzido na história do curso de Cinema de Comédia da Harold Ramis Film School nos Estados Unidos .
Além disso , eu Rodrigo Fernandes , sou o primeiro brasileiro a estudar neste curso que é um programa da Second City , uma escola de comédia que existe há 61 anos em Chicago e formou comediantes como Bill Murray ( O Dia Da Marmota ) , Tina Fey ( 30 Rock ) , Amy Phoeler ( Parks And Recreation ) , Jane Lynch ( GLEE ) , Julia Louis - Dreyfus ( Seinfeld / VEEP ) , Martin Short ( Los Três Amigos ) , Steve Carell ( The Office ) , Steven Colbert ( The Late Show ) , John Candy ( Jamaica Abaixo De Zero ) , Dan Aykroyd ( Blues Brothers ) , John Belushi ( Blues Brothers ) Chris Farley ( Um Ninja Da Pesada ) , o próprio Harold Ramis ( OS Caça - Fantasmas ) e tantos outros .
O ineditismo do primeiro filme e de ser o primeiro brasileiro me inspiraram a querer produzir algo em um alto nível .
Apesar de ser um trabalho de conclusão de curso , quero que tenha a qualidade de um filme profissional e para que isso aconteça , existe um custo alto .
Sei que parece ser elevado demais , mas este valor está extremamente abaixo do custo comum da produção de um filme .
Lembrando ainda que este valor será totalmente convertido em dólar , já que o filme será todo gravado em Chicago e com elenco americano .
As gravações ocorrerão entre a segunda e a terceira semana de Julho de 2020 .
Todos os colaboradores serão creditados no final do filme e irão receber uma cópia digital e em alta qualidade do filme por e-mail até Setembro de 2020 .
O valor mínimo de R$ 33,00 é sobre : R$ 30,00 do ' ingresso ' para o filme +
R$ 3,00 da porcentagem das taxas do banco e da Benfeitoria .
O FILME :
Depois de 20 anos de casado , Rob , 45 anos , jornalista do Chicago Daily , ficou um tanto amargurado depois de flagrar sua esposa na sua cama com seu amigo de infância que ele não via há mais de 30 anos .
Para sorte dela e azar dele , o ex-amigo é fotógrafo de viagens e agora a ex-esposa passa os dias viajando pelo mundo e postando no Instagram ( quem faria diferente ? ) .
No jornal as coisas andam mal pra Rob .
Apesar de ser um colunista premiado , ultimamente suas colunas só estão sendo sobre lamentações como " Chorar No Banho Em Posição Fetal , Porquê Não ? " e " Todo Idiota Com Uma Câmera Acha Que É Fotógrafo Profissional " , e sua editora - chefe sugeriu algo simples : ou melhora os textos , ou não tem mais emprego .
Casamento acabado e empego beirando a demissão , Rob se muda para o apartamento da sobrinha Juliana , onde divide as despesas com o brasileiro Charlie e o estudante de gastronomia Brandon .
A fim de tirar Rob da fossa , Juliana e os amigos marcam um encontro no Tinder para ele , que odeia a ideia .
Alexa tem 27 anos e está no Tinder a tempo suficiente para saber comandar um encontro do jeito que ela quer e Rob não sabe o que é ' ir a um encontro ' desde os anos 90 .
É aí que o filme começa , com altas aventuras e muitas confusões eletrizantes para divertir a sua tarde !
Outros personagens cercam esta história .
ELENCO :
O elenco ainda está sendo montado , mas já temos no projeto :
- Law Tarello como o protagonista ROB :
- A sobrinha Juliana será interpretada por Mia Weinberger :
- O brasileiro Charlie é o Rei da Airfryer e ator Rodrigo Fernandes :
- A ex-esposa seré interpretada pela atriz brasileira Yvia Lavie :
- O Amigo Fotógrafo será interpretado pelo músico e comediante americano Mike Greenwood :
- Para interpretar Mr. Phill , dono da loja de conveniencia onde uma das cenas acontecem , Harold Dennis :
E assim que os outros atores e equipe forem confirmando , eu vou atualizando a lista .
***
Muito obrigado pela ajuda nestre projeto .
The world needs a treaty to prevent cyber attacks becoming an all - out war , the head of the main UN communications and technology agency warned Saturday .
International Telcommunications Union secretary general Hamadoun
Toure gave his warning at a World Economic Forum debate where experts said nations must now consider when a cyber attack becomes a declaration of war .
ADVERTISEMENT
With attacks on Google from China a major talking point in Davos , Toure said the risk of a cyber conflict between two nations grows every year .
He proposed a treaty in which countries would engage not to make the first cyber strike against another nation .
“ A cyber war would be worse than a tsunami — a catastrophe , ” the UN official said , highlighting examples such as attacks on Estonia last year .
He proposed an international accord , adding : “ The framework would look like a peace treaty before a war . ”
Countries should guarantee to protect their citizens and their right to access to information , promise not to harbour cyber terrorists and “ should commit themselves not to attack another . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
John Negroponte , former director of US intelligence , said intelligence agencies in the major powers would be the first to “ express reservations ” about such an accord .
Susan Collins , a US Republican senator who sits on several Senate military and home affairs committees , said the prospect of a cyber attack sparking a war is now being considered in the United States .
“ If someone bombed the electric grid in our country and we saw the bombers coming in it would clearly be an act of war .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If that same country uses sophisticated computers to knock out our electricity grid , I definitely think we are getting closer to saying it is an act of war , ” Collins said .
Craig Mundie , chief research and strategy officer for Microsoft , said “ there are at least 10 countries in the world whose internet capability is sophisticated enough to carry out cyber attacks … and they can make it appear to come from anywhere . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The Internet is the biggest command and control center for every bad guy out there , ” he said .
The head of online security company McAfee told another Davos debate Friday that China , the United States , Russia , Israel and France are among 20 countries locked in a cyberspace arms race and gearing up for possible Internet hostilities .
Mundie and other experts have said there is a growing need to police the internet to clampdown on fraud , espionage and the spread of viruses .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ People do n’t understand the scale of criminal activity on the internet .
Whether criminal , individual or nation states , the community is growing more sophisticated , ” the Microsoft executive said .
“ We need a kind of World Health Organization for the Internet , ” he said .
“ When there is a pandemic , it organizes the quarantine of cases .
We are not allowed to organize the systematic quarantine of machines that are compromised . ”
He also called for a “ driver ’s license ” for internet users .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If you want to drive a car you have to have a license to say that you are capable of driving a car , the car has to pass a test to say it is fit to drive and you have to have insurance . ”
Andre Kudelski , chairman of Kudelski Group , said that a new internet might have to be created forcing people to have two computers that cannot connect and pass on viruses .
“ One internet for secure operations and one internet for freedom . ”
Evolutionary Feminism
Evaluating Some Feminist Accounts of Gender
by Griet Vandermassen
June 2003
Many feminists trivialize the role of biological factors in their discussion of gender , attributing psychological and behavioral differences between the sexes almost exclusively to factors such as differential socialization , different life experiences , and discrimination .
In addressing this issue I believe that feminists as well as evolutionary psychologists should be taken to task .
We should not only ask why a large number of feminists seem to regard their neglect of the growing body of evidence from the biological and evolutionary sciences as perfectly legitimate .
We should also ask what feminist insights can teach us and take seriously feminist concerns about the potential sociopolitical impact of current scientific developments .
A look at the history of science tells us , after all , that as it comes to the study of living beings , scientists sometimes unwittingly slip societal prejudices into their work .
The demise of sexual selection theory during most of the twentieth century , for instance , had to do in part with male biologists ' difficulty envisioning the females of a species as choosing and being sexually assertive ( Cronin 1991 ) .
Even Robert Trivers , whose seminal article on parental investment ( 1972 ) was of critical importance in reinstating female choice , did not escape the male - oriented perspective of his times .
In building upon Angus Bateman 's fruitfly experiments of the 1940s , he chose , after all , to focus only on the one half of the experiments that fitted his preconceptions about sexually eager males and reluctant females ( Birkhead 2000 ) .
It led Trivers ( 1972 ) to propose mixed reproductive strategies for males but not for females .
The latter remained the sexually reluctant sex , until women biologists started uncovering female promiscuity and sexual eagerness in a wide variety of species ( e.g. , Hrdy 1981 ) .
Recent examples of theoretical frameworks limiting what is seen can be given as well ( Lawton et al. 1997 ) and may be an intrinsic part of science .
Hence it is too easy to dismiss the feminist refusal to take evolutionary propositions about gender difference at face value as mere antiscience .
Although it sometimes is antiscience , there is more to the picture .
Evolutionists should be more prepared to admit to the ways in which gender bias has in the past worked to distort the content of evolutionary biology and might in unrecognized ways still work to that effect today , despite the current eagerness to embrace female - oriented theoretical perspectives .
Three Feminist Authors
I will not single out the strategies to discredit evolutionary psychology here ; others have laid out the typical flaws in feminist critiques ( e.g. , Campbell 2002 ) .
Nor will I attack social constructivism , because I believe that it has something to offer and that evolutionists should not close their minds to its potentially interesting insights and suggestions .
During the past few decades , feminists have looked into the ways in which gender bias has historically permeated the social and life sciences .
Sometimes their critiques are far - fetched and unfounded ( e.g. , Beldecos et al. 1989 ) ; sometimes their work is just good standard science , uncovering and correcting the neglect of female interests ( e.g. , Hrdy 1981 ; Small 1993 ) .
Most often ideology and justified arguments are closely interwoven .
In the work of developmental biologist Anne Fausto - Sterling , for instance , serious research , uninformed claims , and political paranoia take turns , depending on the subject .
Scientifically , her critiques of sociobiology and evolutionary pychology ( Fausto - Sterling 1992 , 1997 , 2000a ) can , I think , safely be ignored .
They consist almost solely of political imputations , misunderstandings , selective reading , and misrepresentations , and are characterized by a lack of knowledge of the main principles of evolutionary biology and of the theoretical developments of the 1990s .
To give just one example : she does not seem to understand the tremendous importance of the ultimate - proximate distinction in evolutionary biology .
She considers it a trick , " clever , because it is totally unassailable " ( Fausto - Sterling 1992:193 ) .
Because she is regarded as an authority in the field , however , many feminists feel perfectly happy putting their trust in her work and hence denouncing evolutionary accounts of gender as obviously flawed and politically inspired .
Fausto - Sterling 's Sexing the Body ( 2000 ) is a more subtle work , providing an account of the 20th century scientific study of sex , gender , and sexuality .
Her focus is on intersexuality and hormonal research , and she unfolds her views of gender development .
The book is well - researched and presents the relevant data even - handedly ( Bancroft , in press ) .
One of its main and most controversial tenets , which I want to discuss here , is that maleness and femaleness are not natural categories , but that labeling someone a man or a woman is a social decision .
In Fausto - Sterling 's view only our beliefs about gender can define our sex , not science , although we may use scientific knowledge to help us make the decision .
In reaching this conclusion she relies heavily on the 1.7 % frequency estimate of intersex conditions that she has found by leafing through the medical literature .
As pointed out by Leonard Sax ( 2002 ) , however , her definition of what counts as intersex is too broad .
Clinically , intersex conditions are those in which chromosomal sex is inconsistent with phenotypic sex , or in which the phenotype is not classifiable as either male or female .
Fausto - Sterling defines as intersex all those individuals who deviate from , as she calls it , " the Platonic ideal of physical dimorphism at the chromosomal , genital , gonadal , or hormonal levels " ( as cited in Sax 2002:175 ) . (
Misleadingly , all the case histories that she presents in her book are instances of true intersexuality . )
When the clinical definition is applied , the prevalence of intersex drops to a mere 0.018 % , which is almost 100 times lower than Fausto - Sterling 's estimate .
She has artificially inflated the prevalence of intersex conditions in light of her politics : she wants to propagate a flexible gender system .
This may strike some as a typical example of social - constructivist propaganda , not worth bothering about .
Her unabashedly political approach to scientific knowledge has indeed led her to distort the evidence .
There is more to it , however .
The value of her argument does not hinge on the precise percentage of intersexual births - even a 1.7 % figure would not make a dichotomy into a continuum .
The essential point is that some individuals are born somewhere in between female and male .
Fausto - Sterling 's plea for considering them normal sexual variations or even different sexes ( Fausto - Sterling 1993 ) need not be considered outrageous .
First , because there are several common ways of defining normality , all of which have their problems ( Mealey 2000 ) .
Second and foremost , because the existence of sexual variations is consistent with a Darwinian point of view .
Evolution is , after all , as much about variation as it is about the mainstreaming of the most successful phenotypes into the next generations .
Static concepts like a " Platonic ideal " belong to a pre-Darwinian world view .
Hence , ironically , Fausto - Sterling 's political agenda might benefit from applying an evolutionary framework to considerations of sex and gender - a framework which she vehemently rejects ( Fausto - Sterling 1992 , 1995 , 1997 , 2000a ) .
Labeling harmless conditions such as intersex as pathological is indeed , as she contends , an expression of social preferences .
So is the precise interpretation of male and female bodies , which to some extent differs through time and space .
Whereas a muscular build in females might have been considered masculine once , for instance , this is no longer the case today ( Bordo 1990 ) .
On the other hand , I see no benefit in denying , as she does , that we are essentially a dimorphic species , as long as it is acknowledged that there can be variations on the basic theme .
We might even decide to call these variations a third sex .
Fausto - Sterling 's account of the social construction of bodily sex illustrates the point I want to make about social - constructivist theories .
If approached with the willingness to look beyond the biophobia , there are valuable perspectives to be found .
Ridiculing feminist social constructivism , as some do ( e.g. , Lopreato and Crippen 1999 ) , only conveys the false message that an evolutionary perspective hardly allows for socialization influences or for ways of contesting gender roles and other societal expectations .
Fausto - Sterling allows a role for biology in defending developmental systems theory ( DST ) , which stresses an interactionist framework in which all levels of nature / nurture , from nerve cells to interpersonal interactions , co-produce one another .
In this framework , however , talking about innate predispositions is regarded as dichotomous and genetically determinist , because according to DST there is no underlying program .
The genome has no privileged role in development ( Fausto - Sterling 2000 b ; Gray 1997 ) .
In this way a potentially limitless flexibility of behavior seems to become possible .
DST cannot account , however , for the many universal patterns of human behavior and the universal differences between male and female minds ( Brown 1991 ; Buss 1989 ) ; nor can it explain that the brains of girls and boys are already wired differently at birth ( Kimura 1999 ) .
That Fausto - Sterling 's preference for DST has more to do with dogmatism than with a scientific spirit is shown by her refusal to go into the argument that the expression of very unpopular sexualities , such as transsexualism , despite strong contrary social pressure points toward the existence of prenatally determined dispositions .
Her dismissing reaction is that this form of interactionism " calls for a large dose of body and only a little sprinkling of environment " ( 2000b:259 ) .
According to her , we learn to " do gender " through our interactions with others .
Getting her to accept evolutionary propositions about gender difference will be difficult if not impossible , since she considers biological claims about social difference " scientifically invalid " ( Fausto - Sterling 1997:58 ) , her high standards about these claims dictated by her political beliefs .
The British psychologist Lynne Segal is another feminist whose scientific standards are clearly influenced by her political goals .
Her book Why Feminism ? ( 2000 ) reveals an erudite writer , who has read a great deal more on sociobiology and evolutionary psychology than Fausto - Sterling has .
In spite of this , her rejection of the field is definite .
The main reason seems to be her tendency , noticeable throughout the book , to evaluate the worth of theories on the basis of their political use to feminists instead of on the question whether they are scientifically valid or not .
She is not even consistent here .
Her critique of postmodernism as endorsing a relativity and indeterminacy which works to undermine political projects , mutes when its propositions come in handy : postmodernists have shown us , she says , that to search for the universal causes of human actions is to engage in " the most oppressive and foolhardy form of metaphysics " ( Segal 2000:78 ) .
Her absolute certainty that the goal of evolutionists is " conceptual containment of potentially unlimited shifts in gender beliefs and practices " ( Segal 2000:78 ) makes her susceptible to all kinds of misinterpretation .
Still she might be closer to an evolutionary approach than Fausto - Sterling , since her socialist framework induces her to look for the structural causes of the oppression of women .
Science writer Natalie Angier , on the other hand , is genuinely in favor of a biological approach of gender .
Genes , hormones , and even adaptive strategies figure prominently in her book Woman : An Intimate Geography ( 1999 ) .
Her willingness to consider evolution stops , however , as soon as it comes to what she considers to be evolutionary psychology .
Angier does not seem to realize that the feminist Darwinians whose work she relies on for her critiques of evolutionary psychology , such as Sarah Hrdy and Barbara Smuts , are important contributors to the evolutionary psychological paradigm .
Her condemnation of the discipline seems to be based upon a selection of outdated theories .
Like Fausto - Sterling , she wrongly assumes that the image of the prude and sexless female still prevails .
And although like Fausto - Sterling her interpretation of scientific theories is sometimes very political , she does not seem dogmatic .
Reading some recent literature might make her see to her surprise that she is , in effect , a defender of the field .
That 's why I think evolutionary psychologists should not be too hard on her , because we might lose a potentail ally .
My conclusion is that , although clearly much goes wrong within feminist theorizing , not all feminist authors should be lumped together , and that despair is not always warranted .
An open - minded approach might make the judgement of even the most hostile critics more lenient , as a recent email exchange between Lynne Segal and Simon Baron - Cohen in The Guardian demonstrates .
Second , I believe that evolutionary psychology 's proposition of complementarity can only gain credibility if it attests more to its willingness to integrate proximate explanations of behavior .
Anne Campbell ( 2002 ) , David Geary ( 1998 ) , and Linda Mealey ( 2000 ) are among the few authors who show us what an integrated approach to the study of gender difference might look like .
Third , explaining how all charges against evolutionary psychology are theoretically wrong - headed will not suffice .
We do not live in a theoretical world , but in a world in which scientific theories almost inevitably end up embroiled in politics .
This need not be negative .
Indeed , a main point made by evolutionary psychologists is that for our social policies to be effective they should be based on scientific insights into human nature .
This implies , however , that refutations of the naturalistic fallacy should be more subtle .
There is no direct going from ' is ' to ' ought ' , but there is clearly an indirect link .
If the average psychologies of women and men are not the same , getting equal occupational representation , if we should want that , will require unequal treatment , for instance .
Acknowledging this kind of indirect implication might not put the critics at ease , but at least evolutionary psychology will stop sending contradictory messages .
Evolutionists always stress , and rightly so , that one should distinguish between facts and values , and that ideological concerns should not get in the way of gaining scientific knowledge .
On the other hand , however , they do not hesitate to make social policy suggestions ( e.g. , Thornhill and Palmer 2000 ) , or to point out how scientific insights might be used to attain our moral and ideological goals ( e.g. , Pinker 2002 ) .
It is not surprising that critics interpret this inconsistency as a sign of hidden agendas .
References
Angier , Natalie ( 1999 ) .
Woman : An Intimate Geography .
London : Virago .
Bancroft , John ( in press ) .
Book Review of ' Sexing the Body : Gender Politics and the Construction of Sexuality ' .
Archives of Sexual Behavior .
Beldecos , Athena , Sarah Bailey , Scott Gilbert , Karen Hicks , Lori Kenschaft , Nancy Niemczyk , Rebecca Rosenberg , Stephanie Schaertel , and Andrew Wedel ( aka The Biology and Gender Study Group ) ( 1989 ) .
The Importance of Feminist Critique for Contemporary Cell Biology .
In : Feminism & Science , ed. Nancy Tuana .
Bloomington / Indianapolis : Indiana University Press .
Bordo , Susan ( 1990 ) .
Reading the Slender Body .
In : Visual Culture Reader , ed. Nicholas Mirzoeff .
London / New York : Routledge , 1998 .
Brown , Donald ( 1991 ) .
Human Universals .
New York : McGraw - Hill .
Buss , David ( 1989 ) .
Sex Differences in Human Mate Preferences : Evolutionary Hypotheses Tested in 37 Cultures .
In : Human Nature : A Critical Reader , ed. Laura Betzig .
New York / Oxford : Oxford University Press , 1997 .
Campbell , Anne ( 2002 ) .
A Mind of her Own : The Evolutionary Psychology of Women . New York / Oxford : Oxford University Press .
Fausto - Sterling , Anne ( 1992 ) .
Myths of Gender : Biological Theories about Women and Men. 2d ed. New York : BasicBooks .
Fausto - Sterling , Anne ( 1993 ) .
The Five Sexes : Why Male and Female Are Not Enough .
The Sciences 33( 2):20 - 24 .
Fausto - Sterling , Anne ( 1995 ) .
Attacking Feminism Is No Substitute for Good Scholarship .
Politics and the Life Sciences ( 14)2:171-174 .
Fausto - Sterling , Anne ( 1997 ) .
Feminism and Behavioral Evolution : A Taxonomy .
In : Feminism and Evolutionary Biology : Boundaries , Intersections , and Frontiers , ed. Patricia A. Gowaty .
New York : Chapman & Hall .
Fausto - Sterling , Anne ( 2000a ) .
Beyond Difference : Feminism and Evolutionary Biology .
In : Alas , Poor Darwin : Arguments against Evolutionary Psychology , eds . Hilary Rose and Steven Rose .
London : Jonathan Cape .
Fausto - Sterling , Anne ( 2000 b ) .
Sexing the Body : Gender Politics and the Construction of Sexuality .
New York : Basic Books .
Geary , David ( 1998 ) .
Male , Female : The Evolution of Human Sex Differences .
Washington : American Psychological Association , 1999 .
Gray , Russell ( 1997 ) .
" In the Belly of the Monster " : Feminism , Developmental Systems , and Evolutionary Explanations .
In : Feminism and Evolutionary Biology : Boundaries , Intersections , and Frontiers , ed. Patricia A. Gowaty .
New York : Chapman & Hall .
Kimura , Doreen ( 1999 ) .
Sex and Cognition .
Cambridge / London : The MIT Press , 2000 .
Lawton , Marcy , William Garstka , and J. Craig Hanks ( 1997 ) .
The Mask of Theory and the Face of Nature .
In : Feminism and Evolutionary Biology : Boundaries , Intersections , and Frontiers , ed. Patricia A. Gowaty .
New York : Chapman & Hall .
Lopreato , Joseph and Timothy Crippen ( 1999 ) .
Crisis in Sociology : The Need for Darwin . New Jersey : Transaction Publishers .
Mealy , Linda ( 2000 ) .
Sex Differences : Developmental and Evolutionary Strategies .
San Diego / London : Academic Press .
Pinker , Steven ( 2002 ) .
The Blank Slate : The Modern Denial of Human Nature .
London / New York : Allen Lane / The Penguin Press .
Sax , Leonard ( 2002 ) .
How Common Is Intersex ?
A Response to Anne Fausto - Sterling .
Journal of Sex Research 39(3) :174-178 .
Segal , Lynne ( 1999 ) .
Why Feminism ?
New York : Columbia University Press .
Segal , Lynne , and Simon Baron - Cohen ( 2003 ) .
Sex on the Mind : An Email Exchange .
The Guardian , May 3 .
Small , Meredith ( 1993 ) .
Female Choices : Sexual Behavior of Female Primates .
Ithaca / London : Cornell University Press .
Thornhill , Randy and Craig Palmer ( 2000 ) .
A Natural History of Rape : Biological Bases of Sexual Coercion .
Cambridge / London : The MIT Press .
Copyright , Griet Vandermassen , 2003
Two years ago during the NHL's first Winter Classic experiment in Buffalo , light snow sprinkled down on Ralph Wilson Stadium , creating a picturesque snow globe effect as millions watched on national television .
Last year in Chicago , there was n't any snow , but the weather cooperated just fine and they got the game in .
One of these years , it 's not going to work out so well .
Could we have a problem this year ?
Here 's what the forecast looks like for Thursday , Friday and Saturday , according to weather .com .
Snow would be an annoyance , but it would still be manageable .
The Zamboni would have to come out several times during the game , as it did in Buffalo two years ago , to sweep away the excess .
Obviously , though , if the snow is falling faster than the Zamboni can handle , you 've got a problem and you 'd have to let the snow pass similar to a rain delay in baseball .
That much precipitation is n't expected , though .
Still , we could have a problem if the rain part of the forecast comes true .
If it drizzles on game day , the rink can handle it , as light rain would simply freeze over quickly on the ice surface .
But anything beyond a drizzle , really , would be a severe problem as the rain would n't freeze on the ice fast enough .
Puddling would occur and you a ) can't play in puddles and b ) can't get rid of those puddles .
In any case , those overseeing the event for the NHL are n't concerned .
At least not yet , anyway .
Don Renzulli , the NHL 's senior vice president of events and entertainment , does n't think you can worry too much with four days still left until game day .
" [ The forecast ] changes daily , " Renzulli said Monday .
" Yesterday we were expecting one to two inches today .
That did n't happen .
We were expecting a 50 percent chance of snow on game day , and now it 's looking like rain and about 37 [ degrees ] .
I guess I 'm used to just waiting a day or so because it will change .
We will see what happens , and we will adjust to it in the next couple of days and through the nights . "
Still , as facilities manager Dan Craig said earlier today , weather is still a lead topic in daily meetings at Fenway as they take the necessary preparations .
The ice is holding up despite rain in the Boston area over the last two days .
" It 's wet , " Craig said .
" We are in good shape as of yet .
We had solid rain [ Sunday ] .
It took us probably an extra four hours to set up last night .
[ The ice surface was ] solid by 6:00 , so we are anticipating about the same thing today . "
The anticipation was correct .
Late into the afternoon today , the crew was able to paint the lines and logos onto the surface , making the rink look more and more like it 's ready for a regular season NHL game .
Craig , Renzulli and company will no doubt grow a few gray hairs over the next few days while keeping track of the weather reports .
If the weather does in fact make the game unplayable on Friday , it will be pushed back to Saturday .
There has been a lot of buzz about a poll released yesterday by the crew over at PPP ( PDF File ) .
And the headlines all hit on a similar theme :
Poll :
Fox most trusted name in news -- Politico Poll :
Fox most - trusted news outlet -- Boston Herald New Poll : Majority of Americans Trust Fox -- WTVD -TV ( Raleigh )
There 's only one small problem .
A cursory look inside the numbers reveals that , for a strong majority of Americans , the exact opposite is true .
Indeed , the poll tells us quite a different story : for more than three - fifths of Americans , Fox News is the least trusted media outlet of them all .
And it 's not even close .
Fox 's pole position on the PPP poll rests solely on one thing : the fact that conservatives are evidently petrified at the thought of having their worldview challenged in any way , shape or form .
Therefore , they trust Fox .
And only Fox .
Look at the very telling way in which conservatives responded on the issue of trust and American media outlets :
Conservative Trust Of Media Outlets ( Yes / No ) -- PPP Poll 1/26/10
FOX NEWS : 75/13
CNN : 22/60
ABC NEWS : 16/67
NBC NEWS : 15/66
CBS NEWS : 14/68
Contrast those results with those among liberal voters , who seem to lack the near - universal faith in the infallibility of any media outlet that conservatives clearly have for the Fox News brand :
Liberal Trust of Media Outlets ( Yes / No ) -- PPP Poll 1/26/10
NBC NEWS : 64/22
CNN : 63/21
CBS NEWS : 56/29
ABC NEWS : 50/31
FOX NEWS : 26/66
Generally speaking , liberals have more trust than mistrust of media outlets , but nowhere near the lopsided fealty that we see from conservatives .
They also , not surprisingly , find Fox News to be the least trusted news source , and by a landslide .
But what about those prized moderates ?
How do they perceive the major media outlets ?
The results would certainly appear to fly in the face of the whole " Fox is the most trusted name in news " meme :
Moderate Trust of Media Outlets ( Yes / No ) -- PPP Poll 1/26/10
CNN : 47/31
NBC NEWS : 44/33
CBS NEWS : 41/33
ABC NEWS : 39/34
FOX NEWS : 33/48
Imagine that .
Let 's be clear : with 61 % of Americans ( liberals made up 14 % of the poll , and moderates made up 47 % ) , Fox News is the least trusted name in news .
And they are the least trusted outlet by a decisive margin .
This confirms something that bloggers on the left have been arguing for years .
The success of Fox News is not due to their superior product , nor is it the result of providing a valuable service to a center - right nation .
It stems exclusively from the fact that liberals and moderates are willing to avail themselves of the entire array of media offerings available to them , while conservatives are so convinced of their own victimhood on all matters media - related that they will pledge unwavering allegiance to a friendly media outlet .
It was a point underscored by PPP's own Tom Jensen in his analysis of their poll :
These numbers suggest quite a shift in what Americans want from their news .
A generation ago Walter Cronkite was the most trusted man in the country because of his neutrality .
Now people trust
Fox the most precisely because of its lack of neutrality .
It says a lot about where journalism is headed .
Anyone seeking to explain the popularity of Fox News , Rush , and Beck , or conversely seeking to explain why liberal alternatives like Air America are predestined to struggle , now have some very compelling data with which to make their case .
John Maeda
Look for opportunities to do things with others .
Debbie Millman
Do n’t compromise , and do n’t take no for an answer .
Randy J. Hunt
Everything we make of value is about people .
Jason Fried
Make something for yourself .
Tina Roth Eisenberg
If an opportunity comes your way that scares you , take it .
Amit Gupta
Figure out how you ’ll get the word out before you even start .
Cameron Moll
Become a problem finder and a problem explorer .
Sean Adams
Suspend judgement , be open , and do n’t underestimate the power of a touch of flattery .
Nicholas Felton
Be open to any career opportunities that come along the way .
Jim Coudal
Rip something off .
Michael Strassburger
Do n’t be shallow or dull , be someone interesting .
Jason Santa Maria
Follow the momentum .
Dress Code
Always have a side hustle .
Stefan Bucher
Take your time .
Alissa Walker
Ignore your job title .
Aaron Draplin
While you ’re still looking for a job , stay creatively busy .
Christopher Simmons
You can never underestimate the power of paying your dues .
Liz Danzico
Celebrate your lack of plan .
Jessica Hische
The work you do while you procrastinate is probably the work you should be doing for the rest of your life .
Eric Karjaluoto
Pick something , and stick to it .
Grant Gilliland
Have a voice , and be patient .
Steve Gordon
Get a life .
Ryan Fitzgibbon
Be ambitious , do n’t edit yourself .
Plural
Practice .
Experiment .
Practice .
Experiment .
Alison Yard Medland
Have an opinion , but be open minded .
The Post Family
Go with the flow .
Frank Chimero
Train your weaknesses , race your strengths .
3st
Be fearless and confident .
Design is for people , with people , and about people .
Colleen Wilson
Be nice .
36point
Be yourself .
And , spend time designing for the greater good .
Justin Ahrens
Learn the culture of an employer you admire .
Be persistent , do your homework .
Dawn Hancock
Follow your heart .
Kate Bingaman - Burt
Use every opportunity you ’re given to collaborate as much as possible .
Von Glitschka
Anyone can use tools , so be a good thinker .
Be curious — take creative risks .
Will Bryant
Be honest .
With yourself , your work , and others .
Katherine Walker
Do n’t take things personally — and have a sense of humor !
Doug Bartow
Sweat the details .
Do n’t overlook any outlet of communication .
Carlos Segura
You ca n’t prepare to be ready .
Be ready now .
Nick Campbell
Great designers are never content .
Struggling with a design is okay .
Personalized , One - On - One Representation From an Experienced Attorney
At the Weber Law Firm , L.C. , we provide a level of personalized , one - on - one representation that our clients need .
When you call , founder Matt Weber will likely answer the phone .
When you need to set an appointment , he is the one to talk to regarding a consultation .
If you need an off - site visit , we can arrange that as well .
Providing You With Options
The Weber Law Firm , L.C. , is not your standard legal practice .
Clients charged with DWI or a felony come to us fearful of the future and feeling that they have little hope for a positive outcome .
Our job is to create options to lessen the penalties you may face .
A jail cell does not have to be an automatic destination .
Contact Us
For more information or to schedule a free initial consultation with an experienced criminal defense lawyer , please contact us .
When I first heard about a Guy Ritchie film of Sherlock Holmes with Robert Downey Jr. as the incomparable sleuth , I was ecstatic .
I remained poised in anticipation right up to the day when I finally saw it .
The film was everything I hoped it would be and fans of Doyle ’s characters , Downey ’s abilities , or Ritchie ’s unique style should not hesitate to see it .
The film is set in 19th century London .
While the storyline is original , it ’s best likened to ‘ The Adventure of the Devil ’s Foot ’ due to its strong supernatural and magical themes .
In the film , Lord Blackwood has been sentenced to death for practicing dark magic .
But a series of strange and seemingly unexplainable events lead the Blackwood case to be reopened .
I do n’t want to spoil anything , but rest assured that the plot is more than adequate .
Guy Ritchie ’s films have always been characterized by their characters .
Bullet Tooth Tony and Boris The Blade are two in particular that leap to mind .
So naturally the man is going to do wonders when given a character like Holmes .
And while there is n’t as much wiggle room for the madcap insanity of Lock Stock and Snatch , Ritchie succeeds in putting his comedic thumbprint on the film without compromising the atmosphere of the original Doyle creations .
Perfectly complementing Ritchie ’s directorial skills is the incomparable talent of Robert Downey Jr. , who portrays Holmes with refreshing vigor and eccentricity .
While not as good as Jeremy Brett ’s portrayal , Downey succeeds in creating a more raucous and blunt Holmes whose antics are a joy to watch .
It ’s also worth mentioning that there is no mention of Holmes ’ opiate addiction in the film , though considering the fact that it sets up a sequel , we might be seeing the detective in a darker place when Part II comes around .
Alongside Holmes there is , of course , Watson .
Unlike in classic screen interpretations of the duo where Watson follows Holmes with canine - like obedience and loyalty , Jude Law ’s Watson has a mind of his own , which increases the depth of the character and the relationship .
There are also two love interests that might seem shoe - horned in to devotees of the Holmes series .
One is Watson ’s betrothed , whose presence threatens the relationship of the good doctor and Holmes , and the other is Irene Adler , a criminal and de facto femme fatale who predictably manipulates Holmes & his affections .
While both characters add to their respective male counterparts , some might find it unsettling in the same way that it would be unsettling for James Bond to be married .
The long and short of it is that Robert Downey Jr. is not to be missed .
He ’s one of the finest actors in film today and his portrayal of Holmes is no less enjoyable to watch than any of his other roles .
The writing is sharp and witty , the action sequences are high - octane but not outlandish , and the mystery is intriguing .
It ’s everything you want from a modern Sherlock Holmes movie .
You may think that we 're still in a bull market , but as David Rosenberg argues , we 're only going sideways at best .
And with very little buying power behind that move .
Perhaps we 've started the long , sideways slog that analysts at Morgan Stanley and elsewhere have been warning of .
------
EQUITY RALLY SPUTTERING
We long maintained that this 60 % + rally from the lows was a bear market rally ,
and unlike secular bull markets , these are to be rented and not owned .
Japan
had about a half a dozen of these since its credit collapse began nearly two
decades ago .
The short - covering was massive and continuous since the
government stepped in to effectively draw a line in the sand for big banks ,
coupled with hedge funds leveraging up again after getting their credit lines re -
established and mutual fund managers taking their cash ratios back down to
where they were in late 2007 .
This buying power seems to now be subsiding ; at the same time , insiders have
been sellers , the general public have been sellers ( the retail investor would
never have believed back in March that they would ever have this opportunity
to shed their portfolio at a 60 % premium , at least this quickly — the rally from
the March lows must have felt like winning the lottery or like a religious
experience at the very least ) and pension funds have been rebalancing
towards the fixed - income market of late .
It does beg the question , who is the
marginal buyer going to be going forward ?
Volume is already tapering off as we saw yesterday , an indication that institutional
investors now recognize a market that is fully priced or perhaps looking at
price / earnings , price / book or price / dividend ratios , more than fully priced .
Higher
volume losses like we saw yesterday and the large number of ‘ distribution days ’
accumulated over the past month is very worrisome from a technical perspective .
And , any market that can rally more than 60 % at the same time the economy
sheds three million jobs is a market that was fuelled by technicals , not
fundamentals — hence our need to focus at least as much on the former as the
latter .
And the technical picture right now ai n’t lookin’ so pretty .
Here is the big surprise .
However the numbers have been cloaked by massive
government stimulus that can change the data for some period of time , we will
wake up in 2010 and discover that the recession has not ended .
This would come
as a shock to every Wall Street economist who continues to view the economic
backdrop as a cyclical phenomenon as opposed to a secular credit contraction .
Let ’s look at the facts :
• At 1,190 , the S&P 500 is no higher today than it was on October 14 .
That
was about two months ago .
• The financials are down nearly 10 % from the October highs .
• Small caps peaked in mid-October .
• Food / beverage / tobacco , utilities and health care equity groups have been
outperforming in the past month .
• Three - month bill yield are 0.04 % .
( This is not Japan ?
Really ? )
Wrote this in Dec last year , forgot to post it here … it WAS published
Re : Whats the Holiday by Vernon Smith of Bonair 12/24/07
I feel that Mr. Smith may be somewhat deluded as to what our countries tradition is regarding the winter holiday we now call “ Christmas ” .
So here I will attempt to set the record straight - and touch a few other important points .
In regards to this country , December ,25 was not recognized as a federal holiday until 1870 .
The fact of the matter is that the pilgrims did not celebrate Christmas either , as it was seen to them as decadent — the founding fathers even held congress on Christmas day of 1789 .
So I think it is quite clear that Christmas is more of an exception to the rule than a clear cut tradition .
In regards to the terminology of Xmas .
Short Greek lesson : X=Chi , P=Ro. XP=ChiRo or Christ in greek ( simplified of course ) .
If you do n’t know , Constantine ’s army had an XP on their shields that represented Christ just as well as saying “ Emmanuel lord of lords etc blah blah ” .
The true fact of the matter is , people are n’t offended by Christ ( mass ) but are offended at jumbling words together in magazines or catalogs … and by having to type that long name .
That ’s right , no one is trying to steal the Jesus out of Christmas , no GRANDE CONSPIRACY to subvert our culture to the wicked ways of athiesm or satanism .
The church can rest now , go back to sleep .
Now , was Xmas ever really a Christian thing anyway ?
Heck no… .
Yule was a Scandinavian holiday that began on the Solstice of Dec. 21st , that was celebrated by much drinking and carrying on to thank their Gods for providing meat through the winter , and enough beer to last till spring .
Saturnalia was celebrated over 1000 years in Rome before anyone ever heard of Christ , in the week before the solstice and lasted up to a month long .
It was a celebration of Saturn , the God of agriculture–and it was often celebrated with much more drunkenness and revelry than even Yule .
Saturnalia was a pagan celebration that turned the social structure on its head , poor people were buying the equivalent to HDTV ’s that they could n’t afford way before now .
In fact , Christmas , is becoming more like its ROOTS than Christians will ever admit .
So get off your anti-holiday tossmass high - horse .
Realize that holiday is appropriate because there are a lot of holidays celebrated in this 6 week spread we call the “ Holiday season ” and not everyone celebrates or believes in the birth of your Christ .
If you doubt any of the facts I have presented today , please feel free to Google any of the terms I have used .
There are plenty of strong resources available to those willing to learn - however few you may be .
Happy Saturnalia ,
Matt Oxley
Scalable Vector Graphics ( SVG ) consist of circles , rectangles , and paths created in XML and combined into drawings on web pages .
You can apply solid colors , gradients , and a sophisticated number of filters to SVG — although not all browsers implement all filter types .
You can incorporate text , as well as images , and you can copy and clone your SVG as much as you want .
Mostly , we use SVG for graphics programs , charts , illustrations , or animations .
However , we can incorporate SVG into a site ’s overall design — it ’s a wonderfully versatile , web design capability that ’s fun to use .
In this introductory article , I ’ll cover some important considerations for working with SVG , including browser support and accessibility .
Read Part II to learn how to find and adapt SVG you can find online , or how to create your own SVG drawings and add them to your web pages .
Article Continues Below
SVG in the wild #section2
Several people use SVG for site design — mostly for topic icons .
For instance , Sam Ruby , current HTML5 Working Group co-chair , uses SVG to annotate his weblog posts with topic icons .
Erik Dahlstrom , from Opera , does the same , as does Jeff Schiller at Codedread .
Jeff goes beyond icons , and incorporates SVG into his fisheye menu bar , as well as his website outliner graphic .
The Emacs for Mac OS X web site is mostly SVG ; resize the web page to see SVG scaling in action .
I ’ve used SVG to provide a gradient color selected from a currently displayed photo ( reload the page a couple of times to see the effect ) , as a whimsical background element , and to provide an overall theme to unite my websites .
When you can , and ca n’t use SVG #section3
You can use SVG anywhere you use a GIF , JPEG , or PNG .
With SVG , you ’re providing drawing instructions rather than a bitmap .
SVG , being a vector graphic , can scale to fit the web page , while bitmap images such as JPEG and GIF cannot , or at least , ca n’t scale cleanly .
This scalability is particularly handy when users access web pages from devices as small as the iPhone , and as large as a 32 - inch monitor .
To demonstrate , Figure 1 is a snapshot of the EMACS for OS X website when first opened in the browser .
Figure 2 shows the same site , but with the browser window collapsed vertically .
Note that the image shrinks to fit the page , scaling in such a way that the image ’s perspective is always preserved .
No matter how large the page , the image scales accordingly , without pixel breakup .
Fig 1 . showing snapshot of EMACS for OS X website
Fig 2 . shows the same site , with different browser window size
SVG can also be bandwidth friendly .
It does n’t matter how large the graphic gets , the XML that describes the graphic is the only thing transmitted to the client .
From millimeters to meters , the graphic bandwidth requirements are the same , which makes SVG an attractive alternative when a graphic needs to fill the background of a web page , without having to repeat .
As fun as SVG can be , there are circumstances where you wo n’t want to apply it .
For instance , you can convert a photo to an SVG drawing , but the conversion will never be to the pixel level .
In addition , client devices will bog down if the graphic is too complicated .
I converted a rather complex JPEG image into an SVG file that I use for testing .
Not only did it crash the first beta release of Chrome , the browser crashed my computer just trying to process the SVG .
So no , SVG cannot replace photos or complex images , but everything else is fair game .
Before we get our hands dirty in Part II of this article , it ’s important to learn about SVG browser support and accessibility .
Browser Support#section4
The major browsers — Firefox , Chrome , Safari , and Opera — support SVG , either as a file loaded into an object , or embedded directly in XHTML .
Jeff Schiller , whom I mentioned earlier , maintains a graphic that details SVG support in the various browsers .
As the graphic shows , most of the major browsers support basic SVG .
This includes support for fonts , images , graphical elements , such as circles or paths , as well as gradients and some of the filters .
Only the more esoteric features are n’t supported .
However , the lack of the more advanced features should n’t influence using SVG in site design , as I do n’t recommend using overly complex SVG images as a page background .
The more complex the image , the longer it can take for the browser to render .
Think twice , too , before using animated backgrounds , as many people get irritated with too much page movement , especially movement they ca n’t control by turning JavaScript off .
As I just mentioned , most of the major browsers support basic SVG .
The one significant exception is Internet Explorer .
Internet Explorer and SVG#section5
I ’m encouraging you to use SVG , but as shown in the last section , one major browser currently does not support SVG , and that browser is Internet Explorer .
Luckily for us , IE ’s lack of support for SVG is no longer the barrier it once was .
Libraries such as SVGWeb , Ample SDK , and Raphael enable support for SVG in current and past versions of IE .
In addition , the HTML5 specification enables embedding SVG in HTML , where before it was only supported with XHTML .
This increased document type support , plus the recent news about Microsoft joining the W3C SVG working group , gives us hope that , eventually , IE will have direct support for SVG — perhaps even in IE9 .
In the meantime , mobile device access to the web is increasing , and none of the popular handheld devices are dependent on IE .
Additionally , the recent popularity of minimalist design can be used to effectively introduce SVG into your websites .
If a website has an attractive but minimalist design , SVG can be added as a fun annotation , and it does n’t matter if the SVG is displayed or not .
The SVG - using sites mentioned earlier either provide a fallback graphic if SVG is n’t implemented , look fine without the SVG , or ask the reader to consider moving to an SVG - aware browser .
( Hey , do n’t knock the last one .
This approach worked for IE 4.x in the browser wars over ten years ago . )
What about Accessibility ?#section6
SVG has the ability to provide short and long text alternatives for images .
Since it is based in a markup language , you can easily add both title and description via the title and desc elements , as shown below .
Unfortunately , screen reader support for these elements remains poor , creating a challenge for sites that use SVG where accessibility is a requirement .
< title > Chimp on a tightrope < / title >
Older chimp walking across a tightrope between two trees at the St. Louis Zoo
Title is typically pulled out to be the document title in a stand alone SVG .
Both title and desc can also take more complex markup from other namespaces .
In addition , for more complex metadata , there ’s the metadata element , which can contain RDF / XML for things such as copyright and author information .
Because screen reader support for SVG is poor , you can use server - side processing or XSLT to take accessibility information from embedded SVG , and generate content in HTML from the title , desc , and metadata elements .
For background and decorative images , you might want to minimize the amount of markup in the SVG , and in these situations , the title and desc elements may not be needed .
For more on accessibility and SVG , read the original Note on SVG and Accessibility at the W3C , Henny Swan ’s “ Just how accessible is SVG ? , ” and the SVG Accessibility Guidelines for SVG 1.2 .
Ready to Dive In#section7
Now that we ’ve covered the important stuff , such as browser and accessibility support , as well as some of advantages of using SVG , it ’s time to get into the fun bits .
The second article describes how to incorporate SVG into your pages so that the design works for all browsers ; where you can find freely available SVG files ; and how to use one of the more popular , and free , vector graphics tools to modify , or create , your own SVG designs .
I do n't like making statements like this , but " Perdition " is one of my favorite episodes of the series so far .
Despite the shortfalls , the intent of the show - - action plus a bit of pathos -- held true , delivering an exciting hour of television that kept me entranced .
There was n't one show this week that came close to capturing my attention , including Damages , Fringe , Supernatural , Burn Notice , Caprica , and even the finale of Dollhouse .
Richard is stuck in the Valley of Perdition which makes people live out their worst nightmare until they die .
He imagines a world where the Keeper has trashed almost everything .
Seven years has passed and Kahlan is married and has a daughter .
True to its purpose , the Valley of Perdition keeps Richard seeing things and basically everyone except Richard dies .
Darken Rahl shows up and Richard wanders to scorched earth where Kahlan 's spirit tells him to die .
That 's the first real clue that everything is fake .
Kahlan shrugs off all notion of prophecy and does anything to find Richard .
She confronts the Prelate and fight with the Sisters , escaping only with help of Sister Verna .
The Sisters of Light have good intentions , but Kahlan does n't care if they are right .
Even if she believed the prophecy , I do n't think she would care .
She is a bit self - serving in this regard .
There was n't much talk about morals when there could have been and that could have made the episode better though LoS approaches these subjects with such a heavy hand it might have backfired .
Kahlan made such a quick decision she did n't even consider the consequences of her action , and granted no one else protested , so the fault goes to everyone .
I 'm hoping the prophecy will come back to haunt them in the future , because from a purely rational standpoint , it probably was n't the best idea to go against writing that magically pops up on these rocks .
Richard gets out of the Valley on his own and takes on the Sisters of the Dark and with the help of Zedd , obliterates Sister Nicci ( literally ) .
I do n't know why the producers are still doing those cheesy slo mos , but it was utterly ridiculous when Richard charged into battle .
As expected Leo dies before , but not before having sex with Cara .
When that happens , he has to die .
It was funny seeing Cara 's apprehension at Leo 's increasing affection towards her and her possible reciprocation .
In the end , she expresses that she really cares for her , but he was already burned to the point where his body is useless .
His body ends up on a funeral pyre which normally would mean he 's gone for good .
In Legend of the Seeker , he could come back in some magical incarnation .
Two scenes were very reminiscent of Star Wars .
First , Richard shoots out energy setting fire to the bainlings and looked almost exactly like Darth Sidious in Return of the Jedi .
Then he blocks Sister Nicci 's lightening with his sword like Mace Windu in Revenge of the Sith .
Score : 9.5/10
In 2002 , the most popular boat name in the U.S. was Liberty One out of 20 people have an extra rib 44 % of kids watch television before they go to sleep
In 1865 , the U.S. Secret Service was first established for the specific purpose to combat the counterfeiting of money Istanbul , Turkey is the only city in the world located on two continents
In 1967 , the IMAX film system was invented by Canadian Ivan Grame Ferguson to premier at Expo 67 .
Approximately 40 % of the U.S. paper currency in circulation was counterfeit by the end of the Civil War Every three days a human stomach gets a new lining
In 1873 , Colgate made a toothpaste that was available in a jar The Kodiak , which is native to Alaska , is the largest bear and can measure up to eight feet and weigh as much as 1,700 pounds
The three best - known western names in China : Jesus Christ , Richard Nixon , and Elvis Presley Mars is the home of Olympus Mons , the largest known volcano in our solar system The Gastric Flu can cause projectile vomiting
The second best selling game of all time is Jenga .
Jenga is a Swahili word , meaning " to build . "
Cinderella is known as Rashin Coatie in Scotland , Zezolla in Italy , and Yeh - hsien in China The name Wendy was made up for the book " Peter Pan . "
The fur of the binturong , also known as the " Asian Bear Cat , " smells like popcorn .
The scent is believed to come from a gland located near the tail
In 1894 the first big Coke sign was found on the side of a building located in Cartersville , Georgia , and still exists today
The longest distance a deepwater lobster has been recorded to travel is 225 miles Orcas ( killer whales ) , when traveling in groups , breathe in unison
The Great Pyramids used to be as white as snow because they were encased in a bright limestone that has worn off over the years NASCAR stands for National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing Percentage of American men who say they would marry the same woman if they had it to do all over again : 80 % Paul Hunn holds the record for the loudest burp , which was 118.1 decibels , which is as loud as a chainsaw A monkey was once tried and convicted for smoking a cigarette in South Bend , Indiana
There are six million parts in the Boeing 747-400 .
The first TONKA truck was made in 1947 In the U.S. , over one million gallons of cosmetics , drinks , and lotions are sold that contain aloe in them per year Sugar Bear ( the mascot for Golden Crisps cereal ) was born in 1963 The Tonle Sap River in Cambodia flows north for almost half the year and then south for the rest of the year Japanese research has concluded that moderate drinking can boost IQ levels
For more than 3,000 years , Carpenter ants have been used to close wounds in India , Asia and South America Baskin Robbins plain vanilla ice cream is the number one selling flavour and accounts for a quarter of their sales Elizabeth Taylor has appeared on the cover of Life magazine more than anyone else
The typical lead pencil can draw a line that is thirty five miles long
The word " toy " comes from an old English word that means " tool . "
Smokers are twice as likely to develop lower back pain than non-smokers Humans are born with 300 bones in their body , however when a person reaches adulthood they only have 206 bones .
This occurs because many of them join together to make a single bone
The reason why hair turns gray as we age is because the pigment cells in the hair follicle start to die , which is responsible for producing " melanin " which gives the hair colour In 1960 there were 16,067 gambling slots in Nevada .
By 1999 , this number rose to 205,726 slots which would be one slot for every 10 people residing there
It takes the Hubble telescope about 97 minutes to complete an orbit of the Earth .
On average , the Hubble uses the equivilent amount of energy as 30 household light bulbs to complete an orbit .
The two factories of the Jelly Belly Candy Company produces approximately 100,000 pounds of jelly beans a day .
this amounts to about 1,250,000 jelly beans an hour Pucks hit by hockey sticks have reached speeds of up to 150 miles per hour The " naked recreation and travel " industry has grown by 233 % in the past decade The Planters Peanut Company mascot , Mr. Peanut , was created during a contest for schoolchildren in 1916 Most lipstick contains fish scales
The sentence " the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog " uses every letter in the english language
The expression cooked " al dente " means " to the tooth . "
What this means is that the pasta should be somewhat firm , and offer some resistance to the tooth , but should also be tender Of married couples , 70 % of men and 60 % of women have cheated on their spouse
No piece of paper can be folded in half more than 7 times
More people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes
The first couple to be shown on a sitcom sleeping in the same bed was " Mary Kay and Johnny . "
Asthma affects one in fifteen children under the age of eighteen A one ounce milk chocolate bar has 6 mg of caffeine Throughout the South , peanuts were known as " Monkey Nuts , " and " Goober peas , " before the civil war Scallops have approximately 100 eyes around the edge of its shell
In 1810 , Peter Durand invented the tin can for preserving food
The fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth is called Arachibutyrophobia Men in their early twenties shave an average of four times a week Colour is not an indicator for the taste or ripeness in cranberries Each year there are approximately 20 billion coconuts produced worldwide A chicken with red earlobes will produce brown eggs , and a chicken with white earlobes will produce white eggs
Not all polar bears hibernate ; only pregnant females polar bears do There is a restaurant in Stockholm that only offers all - garlic products .
They even have a garlic cheesecake Serving ice cream on cherry pie was once illegal in Kansas Superman
The Escape rollercoaster , located in California at Six Flags Magic Mountain , goes from 0 to 100 miles per hour in only 7 seconds
Five thousandths of a millimeter is the tolerance of accuracy at the LEGO mould factories 2.5 cans of Spam are consumed every second in the United States In 1836 , Mexican General Santa Anna held an elaborate state funeral for his amputated leg .
updated A meteor has only destroyed one satellite , which was the European Space Agency 's Olympus in 1993 .
The Koala bear is not really a bear , but is really related to the kangaroo and the wombat .
One gallon of pure maple syrup weighs 11 pounds Instead of a Birthday Cake , many Russian children are given a Birthday Pie
The largest employer in the world is the Indian railway system in India , employing over 1.6 million people
The word " comet " comes from the Greek word " kometes " meaning long hair and referring to the tail
The average price for a major league baseball game in 2004 is $ 19.82
The hydra , which is related to the jellyfish , can grow its body back in a couple of days if it is cut in half
The deepest mine in the world is the East Rand mine , which goes to a depth of about 3,585 metres Native Indians have been known to paint their doors blue , which they believe keeps the bad spirits out Before air conditioning was invented , white cotton slipcovers were put on furniture to keep the air cool .
It would take about fourteen and half million notes of currency to build a mile high stack Chinese Crested dogs can get acne
It costs about 3 cents to make a $ 1 bill in the United States Colgate faced a big obstacle marketing toothpaste in Spanish speaking countries .
Colgate translates into the command " go hang yourself . "
The cross bow was invented by the Chinese and records of its usage goes back to as far as the Three Kingdom Period ( 220 a.d.-280 a.d. ) .
It is estimated that by the end of 2000 , there has been 142,600 tonnes of gold mined in the world One - third pound stalk of broccoli contains more vitamin C than 204 apples
The Flintstones cartoon was the first thirty - minute cartoon to be aired during prime time The abbreviation Xmas for the word Christmas is of Greek origin .
Since the word for Christ in the Greek language is Xristos , which starts with the letter " X , " they started putting the X in place of Christ and came up with the short form for the word Christmas Dipsomania refers to an insatiable craving for alcoholic beverages China has more English speakers than the United States Pitcher Darold Knowles once pitched all seven games of one World Series
In a day , kids in the U.S. that are between the ages of 2 - 8 spend 28 minutes of their time coloring The Ancient Greek women made a type of cheek blush by painting their cheeks with herbal pastes which was made out of crushed berries and seeds Herbert Hoover , who was the 31st president of the United Stated , turned over all the Federal salary checks he received to charity during the 47 years he was in government Macadamia nuts are not sold in their shells because it takes 300 pounds per square inch of pressure to break the shell Japan has approximately 200 volcanoes and is home to 10 % of the active volcanoes in the world Before 1928 , yo - yos used to be called bandalores in the United States
The only South East Asian country that has never been colonized by a Western Power is Thailand
In 1631 , two London bible printers accidentally left the word " not " out of the seventh commandment , which then read , " Thou shalt commit adultery . "
This legendary book is now known as the " Wicked Bible . "
The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar an England in 1896 .
Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes Irish Wolfhound dogs have a short lifespan and live about 7 - 8 years
When Queen Elizabeth I of England died she owned over 3,000 gowns Female alligators lay about 40 eggs that hatch in 60 - 70 days
The nickname for a Japanese businessmen is " Salarymen . "
Emus cannot walk backwards
The external tank on space shuttles is not painted .
It is the only part of the shuttle that is lost after launch , so it is not necessary to worry about metal corrosion .
The most popular Twizzler candy flavour is strawberry
Thirty percent of all bingo players are under the age of 35 Infants spend more time dreaming than adults do The famous Casanova ( Giacomo Casanova ) was a librarian for many years before he died
The only species of turtle that lives in the open ocean is the sea turtle Toronto was the first city in the world with a computerized traffic signal system Seniors who drink a cup of coffee before a memory test score higher than those who drink a cup of decaffeinated coffee Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise Some octopuses have been known to eat their arms off when they are exposed to stressful situations
On average , 749 pounds of paper products is used by an American individual annually
The skeleton of a spider is located on the outside of the body .
The name for this is exoskelton Incas used to create pots in the shape of peanuts that were highly prized
The letter J does not appear anywhere on the periodic table of the elements
Over 200 varieties of watermelons are grown in the U.S
The most dangerous job in the United States is that of a fisherman , followed by logging and then an airline pilot
The words " abstemioius , " and " facetious " both have all the five vowels in them in order French soldiers during World War I had the nickname " poilu " which translates to " hairy one . "
Former U.S. President William
Taft converted the White House stable into a four car garage in 1909 People living on the east coast prefer creamy peanut butter , while people living on the west coast prefer chunky peanut butter Some snails live on branches in trees Tomato ketchup is a good conditioner for the hair .
It also helps get the greenish tinge that some blonde haired people get after swimming in water with chlorine in it The youngest pope was 11 years old Did you know you share your birthday with at least 9 other million people in the world Soldiers disease is a term for morphine addiction .
The Civil War produced over 400,000 morphine addicts
The longest chapter in the Bible is Psalm 119 , which is 176 verses During the First World War , cigarettes were handed out to soldiers along with their rations
The longest freshwater shoreline in the world is located in the state of Michigan
There are bananas called " Red banana " that are maroon to dark purple when ripe Franklin Pierce was the first U.S. President to have a Christmas tree in the White House The USA bought Alaska from Russia for 2 cents an acre Walt Disney had originally suggested using the name Mortimer Mouse instead of Mickey Mouse
The length of brink of the Canadian " Horseshoe " Falls located in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada is 2600 feet
The smile is the most frequently used facial expression .
A smile can use anywhere from a pair of 5 to 53 facial muscles
The right lung of a human is larger than the left one .
This is because of the space and placement of the heart Native Americans used to use pumpkin seeds for medicine
The pound key ( # ) on the keyboard is called an octothorpe
The chemical name for caffeine is 1,3,7 - trimethylzantihine Corals take a long time to grow .
Some corals only grow one centimeter in one year Walmart - mart sells more apparel a year than all the other competing department stores combined Canada has more inland waters and lakes than any other country in the world Ramses II , a pharaoh of Egypt died in 1225 B.C.
At the time of his death , he had fathered 96 sons and 60 daughters
The word " lethologica " describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want Since its introduction in February 1935 , more than two hundred million Monopoly board games have been sold worldwide Women are twice as likely to be diagnosed with depression than men in the United States
The smallest man ever was Gul Mohammed ( 1957 - 1997 ) of India , who measured 1 feet , 10 ?
inches 500,000 tons of dog excrement are dumped annually on the streets of Paris Hydrogen gas is the least dense substance in the world , at 0.08988g / cc
In Belgium , there is a museum just for strawberries The Simpsons is the longest running prime - time animated series on television history
The more a person struggles to get out of quicksand the faster they will sink .
Staying still , and being calm will actually make the body float in the quicksand because the body is less dense than the quicksand is On average , a Canadian girl owns seven Barbie dolls , whereas an American girl owns eight A piece of French toast that was partially eaten by Justin Timberlake sold on eBay The Olympic was the sister ship of the Titanic , and she provided twenty - five years of service Atari had to bury millions of unsold " E.T. " game cartridges in a New Mexico desert landfill in 1982
The biggest disco ball in the world has a diameter of 2.41 meters and 137.89 kilograms .
It also has 6,900 mirror squares on it The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses
An average city dog lives approximately three years longer than an average country dog
On average , falling asleep while driving results in 550 accidents per day in the United States Scatologists are experts who study feces .
( aka. crap , dung , dookie , dumps , feces , excrement , etc. )
Pumpkins contain potassium and vitamin A
The greatest mountain range is the Mid-Ocean Ridge , extending 64,374 km from the Arctic Ocean to the Atlantic Ocean Pepsi got its name from the ingredient pepsin , which is said to aid in digestion , however , it is not known
The spray WD - 40 got its name because there were forty attempts needed before the creation of the " water displacing " substance Contrary to popular beliefs , chocolate does not cause acne Detroit , Michigan has more registered bowlers than any other city in the USA
The fastest moving land snake is the Black Mamba , which can move up to 7 miles per hour Annually Americans eat 45 million turkeys at Thanksgiving Rabbits can live up to ten years
The average life span of a single red blood cell is 120 days
Over 250 million Slinky toys have been sold since its debut in 1946
In 1961 , Italian artist Piero Manzoni packed his feces in cans , signed and mounted them , and then sold them as art The last thing Elvis Presley ate before he died was four scoops of ice cream and 6 chocolate chip cookies Some Chinese chopsticks contain gold as on of their materials
The chances of making two holes - in - one in a round of golf are one in 67 million The watch was invented by Peter Henlein of Nuremberg in 1510 .
In North America there are approximately 618 roller coasters
The concept of Boxing Day , which is on December 26th , was to give boxes of food and clothing to the poor .
It is now viewed in some countries as a time to get merchandise from stores at reduced prices Crayola is a French word that means " Oily chalk . "
Every year , Burger King restaurants prepare over 950,000 pounds of bacon for their breakfast customers Isaac Newton used to be a member of parliament Dumbest Dog : Afghan hound
At just four years old Mozart was able to learn a piece of music in half an hour
It would take twenty new mid-size cars to generate the same amount of pollution that a mid-size 1960 's car did .
The honey badger can withstand hundreds of bee stings that would otherwise kill another animal
There are 500,000 detectable earthquakes in the world each year Black pepper is the most popular spice in the world In Greece , the climate is so warm that many of the cinemas do not even have roofs
The word " moose " comes from the native Algonquian Indian word meaning " twig eater . "
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $ 5 bill An armadillo can walk under water
There are over one hundred billion galaxies with each galaxy having billions of stars The Uape Indians , who live in the Amazon , mix the ashes of their recently cremated relatives with alcohol , then all members of the family drink the mix with fond memories of the deceased
The word " diamond " comes from the Greek word " adamas , " which means " unconquerable . "
On average , a typical dairy cow lies down and stands up about 14 times a day For the movie " Tootsie " actor Dustin Hoffman thought of the title .
His mother used to call him that as a child
The world record for rocking non-stop in a rocking chair is 480 hours held by Dennis Easterling , of Atlanta , Georgia The Sears Tower consists of nine framed tubes , which connects nine skyscrapers as one building
The first subway system in America was built in Boston , Massachusetts in 1897
There are approximately 45 billion fat cells in an average adult
To make one pound of butter , 29 cups of milk are needed
The dot that appears over the letter " i " is called a tittle The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments Close to 73 % of girls in Bangladesh are married by age 18 Nerve impulses for muscle position travel at a speed of up to 390 feet per second
In the summer of 1858 , the smell of the sewage in the Thames River in London was so bad that the Members of Parliament had to leave from the chamber of the House of Commons .
This was a result of two million people dumping all their sewage into the river
One out of five people that eat ice cream binge on ice cream in the middle of the night .
The person is usually between 18 - 24 years old The Basenji dog is the only dog that is not able to bark
There is a dog museum in St. Louis , Missouri
The tip of a bullwhip moves so fast that it breaks the sound barrier .
The crack of the whip is actually a tiny sonic boom .
There is a city called Smackover located in Arkansas
An average person laughs about 15 times a day
The labels for Crayola crayons come in 18 different colors
The temperature of milk when it leaves the body of a cow is 101 degrees Fahrenheit .
The milk is then quickly chilled and stored at a temperature of 40 degrees Fahrenheit In Spain , it is common to pour chocolate milk or cafe au lait on cereal for breakfast Over 50 % of the wedding in the U.S. occur in the afternoon Before the fur trade had started in Canada , it was estimated that there were over 6 million beavers Eating dandelions can make you urinate more Enough paper is recycled in the USA every day , that a 15 mile long train of boxcars could be filled up with paper .
The palms of your hands and the soles of your feet cannot tan , or grow hair At the White House , president John Adams was said to be the first to display fireworks there About 10 % of the 100,000 thunderstorms that occur in the USA every year are classified as severe .
Sylvia Plath was a famous poet who killed herself at age thirty - one by sticking her head into a gas oven A baseball will go farther in hot temperature than in cold temperature A rabbit is not able to vomit
The aorta , which is largest artery located in the body , is about the diameter of a garden hose Niagara Falls actually stopped flowing back in 1848 for about 20 hours because there was ice that was blocking the Niagara River
The world 's first underground was the London Underground in1863 .
It has 275 stations and 253 miles of track .
The first American president to deliver a speech over the radio was Warren G. Harding
There are more than 40 million Americans that have " chronic halitosis , " which is bad breath that never goes away
The human body makes anywhere from 1 to 3 pints of saliva every 24 hours Cheetahs are the fastest land animal and can reach speeds up to 72mph
The purpose of tonsils is to destroy foreign substances that are swallowed or breathed in The country with the highest consumption of candy at 29.5 pounds annually per person is Denmark
One of the most dangerous insect in the world is the common housefly .
They carry and transmit more diseases than any other animal in the world Every day , over 1,300 babies are born prematurely in the USA
The sun is approximately 149 million kilometres from the earth The Great White Shark can grow to be more than twenty feet long and can weigh approximately 4,000 pounds
In 1832 , in Paisley , Scotland the first municipal water filtration works was opened
The only popcorn museum in the world is lcoated in Marion , Ohio , USA
Any animal that has skin hair or fur can get dandruff , but in animals it is called " dander . "
The average ice berg weighs 20,000,000 tons
In 1819 , the USA purchased Florida from Spain for the cancellation of a $ 5 million debt
In a lifetime , the average driver will honk 15,250 times Jewelers Tiffany & Co. , based in New York , are responsible for making the Super Bowl trophy Skippy Peanut Butter is sold more in the world than any other peanut butter
The highest bridge in the world is located in the Himalyan mountains .
It was built by the Indian Army , in 1982 , and is about 5,600 metres above sea level
In 1893 , the first mosque in the United States was built Apples are part of the rose family Every eleven minutes in the U.S. , a woman dies of breast cancer Mr. Butts invented the game SCRABBLE .
The game was originally called " Criss Cross Words . "
Actress Meryl Streep holds the record for the most Oscar nominated actress , with a record of 13 nominations
In a year approximately 900 million trees are cut down to make the raw materials needed for American pulp mills and paper Enamel is hardest substance in the human body A leech has 32 brains Thomas Edison designed a helicopter that would work with gunpowder .
It ended up blowing up and also blew up his factory .
In the late 1800 's , washing machines and butter churners were sometimes powered by dogs walking on treadmills .
In China , people eat a bar of chocolate for every 1,000 chocolate bars eaten by the British Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors Clarence Crane the inventor of " Crane 's Peppermint Life Savers " sold his rights to the popular candy for less than three thousand dollars .
Namco , who are the manufacturers of Pac Man the video game , has estimated that the original arcade game has been played over 10 billion times by individuals
In Ivrea , Italy , thousands of citizens celebrate the beginning of Lent by throwing oranges at one another
The sloth moves so slowly that green algae grows in the grooves of their hair In the world , the United States and France have the most pet dogs .
Approximately one out of every three families has a pet dog .
Switzerland and Germany are the lowest only having one dog per every ten families
There are 50 % more males that are left handed compared to females Armadillos breed in July , but get pregnant in November after delaying implantation .
This allows the young to be born during the spring when there is an abundance of food Carbon monoxide can kill a person in less than 15 minutes The Nobel Peace prize was first awarded in 1901 to Jean Henry Dunant , who was the founder of the Swiss Red Cross In August 1999 , Lori Lynn Lomeli set a record by spinning 82 Hula Hoops at the same time for three full revolutions
The wheelbarrow was invented by the Chinese .
The colour blue has a calming effect .
It causes the brain to release calming hormones Over 20 million BluBlocker sunglasses have been sold since its debut in 1986 .
They now come in over 100 different styles Crabs have very small hairs on their claws and other parts of their body to help detect water currents and vibrations
In 1962 , the first Wal - Mart opened up in Rogers , Arkansas Duracell , the battery - maker , built parts of its new international headquarters using materials from its own waste Vampire bat saliva has been responsible for many advances in research into stroke recovery During the making of the the movie " Fight Club , " actor Brad Pitt chipped his tooth .
However , he did not get his tooth capped until after the movie was done filming as he thought it would look better chipped for his character Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted peoplewithout killing them used to burn their houses down - hence theexpression " toget fired . "
In ancient Rome , it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose
The word " checkmate " in chess comes from the Persian phrase " Shah - Mat , " which means the king is dead
If you yelled for 8 years , 7 months and 6 days , you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee A common drink for Tibetans is Butter Tea which is made out of butter , salt , and brick tea Bourbon was first made by a Baptist minsister from Bourbon County in Kentucky in 1789 .
That is where it got its name The Pentagon , in Arlington , Virginia , has twice as many bathrooms as is necessary .
When it was built in the 1940s , the state of Virginia still had segregation laws requiring separate toilet facilities for blacks and whites McDonald restaurants serve food and drink to an amazing 43 million customers on a daily basis
The game Monopoly was once very popular in Cuba ; however , Fidel Castro ordered that all games be destroyed Nearly half of all Americans suffer from symptoms of burnout During the era of Louis XIV , women used lemons to redden their lips 70 % of the poor people in the world are female
The thickness of the Arctic ice sheet is on average 10 feet .
There are some areas that are thick as 65 feet
The adult human body requires about 88 pounds of oxygen daily
The biggest pumpkin the world weighs 1,337.6 pounds
The highest consumption of Pizza occurs during Super Bowl week During World War II , condoms were used to cover rifle barrels from being damaged by salt water as the soldiers swam to shore Approximately 55 % of movies released are Rated R The Roman emperor Domitian took great pleasure in being secluded in his room for hours and catching flies and stabbing them with pens Tarantulas can live up to 30 years
On average redheads have 90,000 hairs .
People with black hair have about 110,000 hairs
More than half the time spent in United States courts is cases that involve automobiles
One barrel of petroleum holds 42 gallons
The smoke that is produced by a fire kills more people than a burn does because of carbon monoxide and other dangerous gases
The Saguaro Cactus , found in South - western United States does not grow branches until it is 75 years old .
In Belgium , 172,000 tons of chocolate are produced in a year The word Nike comes from Greek Mythology .
Nike is the goddess of victory and was often depicted as a small winged figure whom the goddess Athene carried
The biggest bug in the world is the Goliath Beetle which can weigh up to 3.5 ounces and be 4.5 inches long Leaving the water running while brushing your teeth can waste four gallons of water in a minute Steve Fletcher holds the record for the largest gum wrapper collection .
His collection has 5300 gum wrappers from all across the world There was once a country called Prussia .
After World War II , it was divided among Poland , Germany , and the USSR The word Spain means " the land of rabbits . "
In 1936 , the first practical helicopter was invented .
It was the German Focke - Wulf Fw 61 .
The word tulip comes from the Turkish word for turban Psychokinesis refers to the ability of moving objects through psychic power
The fat that comes from sheep , which is called tallow , can also be used to produce soap and candles
In Britain , one out of every four potatoes is eaten in the form of french fries
In the movie Psycho by Alfred Hitchcock , chocolate syrup was used for blood in the shower scene
The movie " Chicken Run " made in 2,000 had the most plasticine used in an animated movie .
They used 2,380 kg of plasticine for the movie During WWII , because a lot of players were called to duty , the Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia Eagles combined to become The Steagles
The titan arum flower is the largest flower in the world and gives off a horrible odor that smells like rotting flesh when it blooms
Every day , the average person swallows about a quart of snot
When the only queen ant dies , so does the entire colony , because no new workers are born
The Dutch people are known to be the tallest people in Europe
The average American kid will eat approximately 1.500 peanut butter sandwiches by high school graduation Goats do not have upper front teeth
It has been suggested that shepherds are responsible for inventing the game golf .
It is said that they used to use their staffs to hit the stones
There are about 6,800 languages in the world Studies have shown that by putting on slow background music it can make a person eat food at a slower rate
By walking an extra 20 minutes every day , an average person will burn off seven pounds of body fat in an year Ironically , when doctors in Los Angeles , California went on strike in 1976 , the daily number of deaths in the city dropped 18 % Octopus and squid are thought to be the most intelligent of all invertebrates
On average , a beaver can cut down two hundred trees a year .
The name of the first menthol cigarette in the United States was " Spud . "
A world record 328 pound ovarian cyst was removed from a woman in Galveston , Texas , in 1905 .
updated
The fastest shark is the " Shortfin Mako , " which can swim as fast as sixty miles per hour
The flatulation from domesticated cows produce about 30 % of the methane on this planet Ironically , watermelons , which are 92 % water , originated from the Kalahari Desert in Africa
The first tattoo machine was invented by Samuel O'Reilly .
He did this by using equipment that Thomas Edison used to engrave hard surfaces .
In a lifetime , an average human produces 10,000 gallons of saliva A slug has four noses Chili Powder was invented in the 19th century in the American Southwest
The sea cucumber spills its internal organs out as a defense mechanism Approximately 25,000 workers died during the building of the Panama Canal and approximately 20,000 of them contracted malaria and yellow fever Braces were first invented by Pierre Fauchard in 1728 .
The braces were made by a flat strip of metal , which was connected to the teeth by thread .
Marilyn Monroe had six toes
There is a town in Texas called Ding Dong .
In 1990 , the population was only twenty - two people The total volume of mail that went through the Canadian postal system in 1950 was 1,362,310,155 items
The highest toll paid by a ship to cross the Panama Canal was by the Crown Princess on May 2 , 1993 in the amount of $ 141,349.97 U.S. funds
The name of the famous snack " Twinkies " was invented by seeing a billboard in St. Louis , that said " Twinkle Toe Shoes . "
The word " Nazi " is actually an abbreviation for Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei , which refers to the National Socialist German Workers Party
The unique characteristics of Barbie dolls in Japan are that they have their lips closed with no teeth showing The Coca Cola company offers more than 300 different beverages Neptune was the first planet in our solar system to be discovered by mathematics
Five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married Camel is considered unclean meat in the Bible Soldier Field is the oldest field in the NFL In the U.S. , over one million gallons of cosmetics , drinks , and lotions are sold that contain aloe in them per year
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the " General Purpose " vehicle , G.P. Eating eight strawberries will provide you with more Vitamin C than an orange
The first toilet ever seen on television was on " Leave It To Beaver " .
Mosquitoes have teeth
To be born on Sunday was considered a sign of great sin during the Puritan times
The citrus soda " 7 UP " was created in 1929 .
The original name of the popular drink was " Bib - Label Lithiated Lemon - Lime Soda " , but it got changed to " 7 UP . "
The average four year - old child asks over four hundred questions a day Prosopagnosia refers to the inability to identify people by their faces .
In severe cased prosopagnosia a person may not be able to identify themselves in a mirror On November 29 , 2000 , Pope John Paul II was named an " Honorary Harlem Globetrotter . "
An adult sheep can eat between 1 to 4 kg of food per day In 1888 , Hollywood was founded by Harvey and Daeida Wilcox , who named the city after their summer home in Chicago Blood is such a good stain that Native Americans used it for paint
In 1876 , the first microphone was invented by Emile Berliner .
" I am . " is the second shortest complete sentence in the English language
On average , a person will spend about five years eating during their lifetime Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history .
Spades - King David , Clubs - Alexander the Great , Hearts - Charlemagne , Diamonds - Julius Caesar
Many cancer patients that are treated with chemotherapy lose their hair .
For some when the hair grows back , it can grow back a different colour , or be curly or straight A volcano has enough power to shoot ash as high as 50 km into the atmosphere
The longest hiccups on record was by an American pig farmer whose hiccups persisted from 1922 to 1987 Coupons were introduced in 1894 when Asa Candler bought the Coca - Cola formula for $ 2,300 and gave people coupons that he had written out to receive a free glass of coke Panthers are known as black leopards , as they are the same species of leopard .
If looked at closely , black spots can be seen on a panther Approximately 25 % of all scald burns to children are from hot tap water and is associated with more deaths than with any other liquid In London , during rush hour traffic moves on average at 13 kilometres an hour Tomatoes and cucumbers are fruits
In the United States , approximately 50 million people fish per year Cattle can produce up to 180 litres of saliva in one day Dolphins hear by having sound waves transmit through their skull to their inner ear region Teflon was accidently discovered by scientist Dr. Roy Plunkett while he was conducting a coolant gas experiment in 1938
The risk of cardiovascular disease is twice as high in women that snore regularly compared to women who do not snore .
updated Close to 80 % of people who watch the Super Bowl on television , only do so to view the commercials
The first theatre to show motion pictures was the Nickelodeon on June 19 , 1905 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
It was opened by Harry Davis on Smithfield Street The White House has a movie theater , swimming pool , bowling lane , jogging track , and a tennis court About two hundred years before the birth of Christ , the Druids used mistletoe to celebrate that winter was approaching Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds , dogs only have about ten A butterfly can see the colors red , green , and yellow In the game of Monopoly , the most landed on properties are B&O Railroad , Illinois Avenue , and " Go . "
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the " American Pie . "
( Thus the nameof the Don McLean song . )
Lions cannot roar until they reach the age of two .
A baby kangaroo is called a joey Montreal is the second largest French speaking city after Paris
There were 43,687 toilet related accidents in the United States in 1996
In Albania , nodding your head means " no " and shaking your head means " yes . "
Ringo Starr appeared in a Japanese advertisement for apple sauce .
Ironically his name means " apple sauce " in Japanese
The average US worker toils for two hours and 47 minutes of each working day just to pay income tax .
Indeed , the average American pays more in taxes than for food , clothing and shelter put together
There is cyanide in apple pips
True spiders always have organs for spinning silk known as spinnerets Great Britain has the highest consumption of ice cream than any other European nation Every continent has a city called Rome
The movie " Cleopatra " cost $ 44 million to make in 1963 .
The same movie would now cost $ 300 million to make taking inflation into account A species of dolphin is born naturally blind in the Indus and Ganges rivers in South Asia .
These dolphins have a highly sophisticated sonar system and swim on only one side of their body Kermit the Frog was named after Kermit Scott , a childhood friend of creator Jim Henson , who became a professor of philosophy at Purdue University Weatherman Willard Scott was the first Ronald McDonald Aztec emperor Montezuma had a nephew , Cuitlahac , whose name meant " plenty of excrement . "
Hang On Sloopy is the official rock song of Ohio .
Actor Sylvester Stallone once had a job as a lion cage cleaner Play - Doh was introduced in 1956 by Hasbro Inc .
The only color availabe was an off white , and it came in one size which a one and a half pound can The USSR launched the world 's first artificial satellite , Sputnik 1 , in 1957 .
An oyster can change its gender From all the states , Montana has the most different species of animals
The actual smallest sovereign entity in the world is the Sovereign Military Order of Malta ( S.M.O.M. ) .
It is located in the city of Rome , Italy , has an area of two tennis courts , and as of 2001 has a population of 80 , 20 less people than the Vatican .
It is a sovereign entity under international law , just as the Vatican is Queen Elizabeth I always wore a necklace with a little perfume bottle attached everywhere she went A group of people that are hired to clap at a performance are called a claque
The tallest tree recorded is located in Humboldt Redwoods State Park , California .
It is a coast redwood and has been measured at 117 metres high In 1926 , a waiter in Budapest committed suicide .
He left his suicide note in the form of a crossword and the police had to get help from the public to solve it Anti-American demonstrators protesting in Bangladesh after the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks carried posters of Osama bin Laden sitting alongside Bert , a beloved Sesame Street Muppet character Polar bear livers contain so much Vitamin A that it can be fatal if eaten by a human Leather skin does not have any smell .
The leather smell that you sense is actually derived from the materials used in the tanning process Finland is also known as " the land of of the thousand lakes , " because of the over 188,000 lakes found in this country
In an year , an average American kid eats 46 slices of pizza
In Las Vegas , casinos do not have any clocks Bubble gum contains rubber When Kleenex was first introduced to the market in 1924 , it was marketed as a make up or cold cream remover
In the year 1900 , for a women to be a telephone operator she had to be between the ages of 17 and 26 and not be married
The first spacecraft to visit the planet Venus was Mariner 2 in 1962 .
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure Babies that are exposed to cats and dogs in their first year of life have a lower chance of developing allergies when they grow older Urophobia is the fear of urine or urinating
In 1949 , forecasting the relentless march of science , Popular Mechanics said " Computers in the future may weigh no more than 1.5 tons . "
Water that is safe to drink is referred to as POTABLE Actor John Ritter was the voice of Clifford , from " Clifford The Big Red Dog . "
Chocolate accounts for less than two percent of the fat in the American diet
The band Duran Duran got their name from an astronaut in the 1968 Jane Fonda movie " Barbarella . "
The accent that Mike Myers used for the character Shrek came from the accent that his mother would use when she was telling him bedtime stories when he was a child In the Netherlands , there are special traffic lanes for bicycles .
There are approximately 17,000 kms of cycle lanes with special bicycle traffic lights .
It was believed by Ancient Hindus that the world was a sphere and rested on the back of four elephants , which stood on a turtle Alexander the Great and Julius Caesar were both epileptic Every year , more than one million miles of Twizzlers licorice is made A penguin swims at a speed of approximately 15 miles per hour The word Thailand means " land of the free . "
A rose imprint that was fossilized in a slate was discovered in Florisant , Colorado , which is said to be thirty - five million years old U.S. bills are 2.61 inches wide , 6.14 inches long , and are .0043 inches thick and weigh 1 gram The highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere is Mount Aconcagua in Argentina .
It rises 22,834 feet above sea level The Barn Owls hearing is so highly developed that they can hunt for their prey in total darkness
The average number of bridesmaids at a wedding is four Average number of people airborne over the US any given hour : 61,000
In 1876 , Maria Spelterina was the first woman to ever cross Niagara Falls on a high wire On April 6 , 1925 , the first in - flight movie was shown .
It was a silent film and appeared on a Deutsche Luft Hansa flight
The temperature of lightning bolts is sometimes hotter than the surface of the sun .
When Burger King introduced the Whopper Sandwich in 1957 , it cost only thirty - seven cents Chopsticks originated from China approximately 4,000 years ago
The favorite honeymoon place is Hawaii The 1960 Summer Olympics were the first Olympics to be aired on television by CBS The Canadian holiday Boxing Day got its name from the custom of giving .
Servants were given boxes which had money hidden inside them from their employers .
The servants would have to break the box into pieces to get the money
In proportion , if Jupiter were a basketball , then the sun would be the size of the Louisiana Super Dome The Toronto Maple Leafs used to be called the Toronto Arenas , then the St. Patricks and finally the Maple Leafs A dime has 118 ridges around the edge Next to Warsaw , Chicago has the largest Polish population in the world In 1391 , China began producing toliet paper for use by its Emperors
In the United States , the most frequent month for a tornado to occur is in May .
There are some ice creams that are 75 % air In the United States , lightning hits the ground 40 million times a year .
A mother hen turns her egg approximately 50 times in a day .
This is so the yolk does not stick to the shell
The reason why flamingos are pink is because they eat shrimp which have a red pigment Totally Hair Barbie is the best selling Barbie of all time .
It sold over ten million units Jellyfish have been on Earth for over 650 million years .
This is before sharks and dinosaurs
Although white wine can be produced from both red and white grapes , red wine can only be created from red grapes Shirley Temple was considered to play the role of Dorothy in " The Wizard of Oz . "
Babies that wear disposable diapers are five times more likely to get a diaper rash than babies wearing a cotton diaper
One million cloud droplets are needed to make enough water to produce one raindrop .
In the world , the Netherlands has the highest concentration of museums in the world .
Just in Amsterdam alone there are 42 museums Amongst pre-schoolers , Caillou is the fastest - ever - growing television show and is seen in close to 97 % of U.S. households
Rice flour was used to strengthen some of the bricks that make up the Great Wall of China Research has indicated that a tie that is on too tight can increase the risk of glaucoma in men Each year all of the Hostess bakeries combined bake 500 million Twinkies a year .
( A twinkie is a sponge cake with a creamy filling . )
Charlie Chaplin once lost a contest for a Charlie Chaplin look a like Pluto is the only planet in our solar system that has not been visited by a spacecraft
The worlds tallest free fall rollercoaster is The Giant Drop located in Australia .
The drops is 120 meters which is equivalent to a 39 storey building Stalks of sugar cane can reach up to 30 feet
The markings that are found on dice are called " pips . "
Joseph Gayetty is credited for inventing toilet paper in 1857 .
Unfortunately , his invention failed and did not catch on until ten years later A newly hatched fish is called a " fry . "
The music band UB40 got its name from an unemployment form in England The Olympic Flame was introduced in 1928 in Amsterdam The YKK on the zipper of your Levis stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushibibaisha , the worlds largest zipper manufacturer Armadillos can be housebroken
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one - mile in every five must be straight .
These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies
The material to build the Taj Mahal was brought in from various parts of India by a fleet of 1000 elephants Medical research has found substances in mistletoe that can slow down tumor growth
In the USA , 32 % of employees eat lunch and work at the same time In Alabama , it is against the law to wear a fake mustache that could cause laughter in the church
In the United States , more than 4.2 million couples live together that are not married Bill Gates house was partially designed using a Macintosh computer .
new
The male howler monkey of Central and South America is the noisiest land animal , which can be heard clearly from a distance of ten miles away Nerve cells can travel as fast as 120 metres per second
It is said that grapefruit got its name because it grows like grapes in clusters .
One cluster can have up to 25 grapefruits Abdul Kassam Ismael , Grand Vizier of Persia in the tenth century , carried his library with him wherever he went .
Four hundred camels carried the 117,000 volumes
An average adult produces about half a litre of flatulent gas per day , resulting in an average of about fourteen occurrences of flatulence a day Maine is the toothpick capital of the world Peanut butter is an effective way to to remove chewing gum from hair or clothes
The longest kiss on record lasted 30 hours and 45 minutes .
Dror Orpaz and Carmit Tsubara recorded it on April 5 , 1999 at a kissing contest held in Tel Aviv , Israel Polar bears are excellent swimmers .
They have been known to swim more than 60 miles without a rest
The most expensive perfume in the world is Parfum VI , which was made by Arthur Burnham .
A 4 inch bottle which is covered with diamonds and 24 - carat gold costs $ 71,380
If Wal - Mart was classified as a country , it would be the 24th most productive country in the world Cimeti ?re du P?re Lachaise located in Paris is the most visited cemetery in the world .
The cemetery opened in 1805 and has over one million people buried there , including rock star Jim Morrison
In Australia , a dust - devil is called a " willy - willy The Leaning Tower of Pisa is 58.36 metres above the ground Americans write approximately 50 billion checks a year making it the second most frequent payment method used after cash
The name " Snickers " for the popular candy bar was named after a horse that the Mars family owned The # 1 peanut producing state is Georgia Keeping Warm With an Axe , is the title of a real how - to book .
Click Here For More Details
An artificial Christmas tree last up to six years in a home Women are four times more likely to have foot problems than men
In 1783 , the hot air balloon was invented in France .
There was an army general during the Liberia Civil War who used to lead his army into battle naked .
His nickname was " General Butt Naked . "
Joshua Milton Blahyi ( his real name ) is now an evangelical preacher in Monrovia
There are no two zebras who have stripes that are exactly the same The Angel Falls in Venezuela were named after an American pilot , Jimmy Angel , whose plane got stuck on top of the mountain while searching for gold Lake Ontario was originally named Lake St. Louis Actor John Travolta was offered the role of Billy Flynn many times for the movie " Chicago . "
Richard Gere ended up playing the role The Canadian province of New Brunswick had a bloodless war with the US state of Maine in 1839
There are more than 2,400 flea species in the world Ninety - nine percent of pumpkins sold in the United States are for the sole purpose of decoration David McConnell started the California Perfume Company ( CPC ) in 1886 .
Today the company is known as Avon , which he named after his favorite playwright William Shakespeare , and Stratford on Avon Americans did not commonly use forks until after the Civil War Chicago has the largest cookie factory , where Nabisco made over 4.6 billion " Oreo " cookies in 1997 In 1963 , Mister Rogers was ordained as a Presbyterian minister
There was a post office on the Russian space station Mir .
Visiting cosmonauts would use unique postal " markers " to stamp envelopes and other items as having flown aboard the Mir space station
In one day , 230 marriage licenses are issued in Las Vegas Every second there are 418 Kit Kat fingers eaten in the world The Great Comet of 1843 had a tail that was over 300 kilometres long .
The dumbest dog in the world is the Afghan Hounds
There are no blossoms on the branches of a fig tree , instead it is inside the fruit
The largest chicken egg ever laid weighed a pound and had a double yolk and shell Billiards used to be so popular at one time that cigarette cards were issued featuring players Chewing gum has rubber as an ingredient
An orca whale can hold its breath for up to 15 minutes Alexander the Great was an epileptic
Wood frogs can be frozen solid and then thawed , and continue living .
They use the glucose in their body to protect their vital organs while they are in a frozen state Canadians eat more Kraft Dinner ( Macaroni and Cheese ) per capita than any other country in the world
In a day , a mature oak tree can draw approximately 50 gallons of water
The reason why bubble gum is pink is because the inventor only had pink colouring left .
Ever since then , the colour of bubble gum has been predominantly pink Emilio Marco Palma was the first person born in Antarctica in 1978 A top freestyle swimmer achieves a speed of only 4 miles per hour .
Fish , in contrast , have been clocked at 68 mph Every single hamster in the United States today comes from a single litter captured in Syria in 1930 Research on pigs led to the development of CAT scans .
The Hundred Years War lasted for 116 years Some dolphins can swim up to 40 kilometers an hour
In the last 30 years , only seven people have been killed by a polar bear in Canada
The longest U.S. highway is Route 20 , which is over 3,365 miles
The largest LEGO castle that was ever built was built with 400,000 LEGO bricks and was 4.45 m x 5.22 m In the U.S. there are approximately 65.8 million cats
One of the steepest main streets in Canada is located in Saint John , New Brunswick .
Over a distance of two blocks the street rises about 80 feet Avery Laser Labels are named after company founder R. Stanton Avery
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado On September 9 , 1950 dubbed laughter was used for the first time on television .
It was used for the sitcom " The Hank McCune Show . "
A violin actually contains 70 separate pieces of wood
The human heart can create enough pressure that it could squirt blood at a distance of thirty feet One out of four American households own a cat Queen Lydia Liliuokalani was the last reigning monarch of the Hawaiian Islands .
She was also the only Queen the United States ever had Every day 2,700 people die of heart disease
There are 10 million bacteria at the place where you rest your hands at a desk
The quills of a porcupine are soft when they are born
An average American child watches approximately 28 hours of television in one week Quality standards for pasta were set in the 13th century by the Pope The A.A. Milne character of Winnie the Pooh made his animated film debut in 1966 in Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree People have the tendency to chew the food on the side that they most often use their hand Antarctica is the only land on our planet that is not owned by any country The Pentagon , in Arlington , Virginia , has twice as many bathrooms as isnecessary .
When it was built in the 1940s , the ste of Virginia stillhad segregation laws requiring separate toilet facilities for blacks andwhites .
The Lemon shark grows about 24,000 new teeth a year .
A new set of teeth grow approximately every 14 days
One billion seconds is about 32 years
An average American eats approximately 60 hot dogs per year Iceland consumes more Coca - Cola per capita than any other nation
The water displacement product , WD - 40 , can be found in 80 % of American homes Dexter is the smallest type of cow .
This cow was bred to be a small size for household living
As part of the original design , the names of 72 French scientists and other famous people is imprinted on the sides of the Eiffel tower
The first domain name ever registered was Symbolics.com
Thirty to 40 gallons of sugar maple sap must be boiled down to make just one gallon of maple syrup
The most frequent season for most suicides to occur is in the spring .
The winter months have the lowest number of suicides A seven year old boy was the first person to survive the Horeshoe Falls ( Niagara Falls ) in just a life jacket
The longest punt return for a touchdown was 103 yards
The most popular Hot Wheels vehicle sold is the Corvette A giraffe is able to clean its ears with its own tongue
The slowest growing finger nail is on the thumb nail and the fastest growing is the finger nail on the middle finger Flu shots only work about 70 % of the time People of Salt Lake City eat the most lime - flavoured gelatin Jell - O in the United States
In a survey conducted in 2000 by Kimberly - Clark , it was found that men prefer to fold their toilet paper , and women like to wad it On average , a person has two million sweat glands France , Switzerland , United Kingdom , Greece , and Australia have always been in the modern Olympics since it began in 1896
The longer white infants from low - income families are breast - fed , the less likely they will be overweight as young children , researchers said on Monday 111,111,111 x
111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
The Boston University Bridge ( on Commonwealth Avenue , Boston , Massachusetts ) is one of the few places in the world where a boat can sail under a train driving under a car driving under an airplane
The most popular treat for Halloween trick - or - treaters are candy bars with Snickers being the most popular Corned beef got its name because this beef was preserved with pellets of salt that were the size of corn kernels , which was also referred to as " corns " of salt The Canandian province of New Brunswick had a bloodless war with the US state of Maine in 1839 .
In 1908 , the first machine to make lollipops opened for business in New Haven , Connecticut In 1976 , a Los Angeles secretary named Jannene Swift officially married a fifty pound rock .
More than twenty people witnessed the ceremony
The most diners per capita in the world are located in the U.S. state New Jersey In Denmark , people eat about 36 pounds of candy a year .
The highest consumption of candy of any country John Van Wormer invented paper milk cartons after dropping a bottle of milk one morning .
The bottle broke spilling the milk everywhere .
That annoyance was enough for Van Wormer to come up with the idea .
The long fibres that are found in bananas are excellent in making paper .
The long fibres that are found in the banana plant can make the banana fibre paper approximately 3000 times stronger than regular paper
The state of Tennessee was known as Franklin before 1796 Over 90 % of poison exposures occur in homes Honolulu , Hawaii boasts the only royal palace in the United States of America Seven asteroids were especially named for the Challenger astronauts who were killed in the 1986 failed launch of the space shuttle Americans consumed more than twenty billion hot dogs in 2000
The production of toilet paper in China began in 1391 , which was used for the Emperors
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days of yorewhen the engines were pulled by horses .
The horses were stabled on theground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases .
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match .
It would take approximately twenty - four trees that are on average six to eight inches in diameter to produce one ton of newsprint for the Sunday edition of the New York Times Every year , kids in North America spend close to half a billion dollars on chewing gum
The tuatara lizard of New Zealand has three eyes , two in the center of its head and one on the top of its head
The world population of chickens is about equal to the number of people
The largest number of children born to one woman , who was a Russian peasant is 69
In a lifetime , an average driver will release approximately 912 pints of wind inside a car
The loss of eyelashes is referred to as madarosis Approximately 75 % of human poop is made of water
The popular chocolate bar " Three Musketeers " got its name because when it was first introduced in 1932 there were three individual bars .
The flavours were strawberry , chocolate , and vanilla Every photograph of the first American atomic bomb detonation was taken by Harold Edgerton Heinz Catsup leaving the bottle travels at 25 miles per year
In 1864 , A Quebec farmer found a frog inside a hailstone Actor Sylvester Stallone once had a job as a lion cage cleaner
The first time there was an instance where they had a separate toilet for women and men was in 1739 at a ball in Paris
In the marriage ceremony of the Ancient Inca Indians of Peru , the couple was considered officially wed when they took off their sandals and handed them to each other Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable Some birds have been know to put ants into their feathers because the ants squirt formic acid , which kills parasites
On average , 42,000 balls are used and 650 matches are played at the annual Wimbledon tennis tournament The WD in WD - 40 stands for Water Displacer Lachanophobia is the fear of vegetables Lake Baikal , in Siberia , is the deepest lake in the world
In the Middle Ages , peacocks and swans were sometimes served at Christmas dinners India has the most post offices in the world Women take three times longer than men when using the toilet In America , approximately 25 % of kids aged 6 - 14 have a magaznie subscription Canada has more donut shops per capita than the United States
In 1886 , Coca - cola was first served at a pharmacy in Atlanta , Georgia for only five cents a glass .
A pharmacist named John Pemberton created the formula for Coca - cola 75 % of all raisins eaten by people in the United States are eaten at breakfast
Whale oil was used in some car transmissions until 1973 Flamingos are able to fly at a speed of approximately 55 kilometers an hour .
In one night they can travel about 600 km 1 out of every 4 kids in the USA is overweight " Kemo Sabe " means " soggy shrub " in Navajo
In 1903 , there were originally only eight Crayola crayons in a box and they sold for five cents
Men are able to read fine print better than women can
On average , 150 couples get married in Las Vegas each day Spiders usually have eight eyes , but still they cannot see that well
One ragweed plant can release as many as a million grains of pollen in one day Women hearts beat faster than men
The Central African raffia palm is known to have the longest leaves .
The leaves can measure up to 82.5 feet long .
Due to the shortages of lead and metals during World War II , toothpaste was packaged in plastic tubes and have been ever since
It is estimated that 93 % of American children will go out trick or treating for Halloween
In humans , the epidermal layer of skin , which consists of many layers of skin regenerates every 27 days A group of crows is called a murder Ellen Macarthur , yachtswoman , had a total of 891 naps in 94 days that were each 36 minutes long while on her Vendee Round the Globe yacht race Davao City , located at the Southern state of Philippines , is the largest city in the world in terms of area Castaways Travel , a Houston - area travel agency , offers an all - nude flight to Cancun Mexico .
Once the plane reaches cruising altitude , you are allowed to take off all your clothes and roam about the cabin People generally read 25 % slower from a computer screen compared to paper Certain female species of spiders such as the Australian crab spider , sacrifice their bodies as a food source for their offspring
One grape vine produce can produce about 20 to 30 glasses of wine The TV show " Saturday Night Live " made its debut on October 11 , 1975
In a pack of Skittles candy , there is an equal 20 % distribution of each flavour The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude .
They were named by then - mayor Fiorello LaGuardia
The Hubble telescope is so powerful that it is like pointing a beam of light at a dime that is two hundred miles away .
The word " umbrella " is derived from the Latin root word " umbra " , which means shade or shadow An ear of corn consists of 80 % water Leonardo Da Vinci never signed or dated his most famous painting , the Mona Lisa
On average people fear spiders more than they do death Every day , over five billion gallons of water are flushed down toilets in the United States
In one trip , a honey bee visits about 75 flowers Barney , the famous dinosaur that entertains kids is from Dallas Jupiter is the fastest rotating planet , which can complete one revolution in less than ten hours A chicken loses its feathers when it becomes stressed Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously
The first Tupperware item marketed was the seven - ounce bathroom cup in 1945 Sharks are immune to cancer Manicuring the nails has been done by people for more than 4,000 years Approximately 1 billion stamps are produced in Australia annually
The study of the iris of the eye is called iridology Back in 1919 , the Russian transplant pioneer Serge Voronoff made headlines by grafting monkey testicles onto human males .
The word Cotton originates from the Arabic word " Qutun . "
In 1946 , the New York Yankees became the first baseball team to travel by plane Mummy powder was once thought to be a cure for all remedies .
English men used to carry the powder with them in a tiny bag wherever they went
By recycling just one glass bottle , the amount of energy that is being saved is enough to light a 100 watt bulb for four hours Slinkys were invented by an airplane mechanic ; he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use of one of the springs
The most popular brand of raisins is Sunmaid Estuarine crocodiles are the biggest of all 26 species of the crocodilian family Alaska got its name from the Aluet word " Alyeska " which means " The Great Land . "
The Mall of America , located in Bloomington , Minnesota is so big that it can hold 24,336 school buses Every second , 630 steel cans are recycled
The word witch comes from the word " wicca " which translates to the " wise one . "
If you have three quarters , four dimes , and four pennies , you have $ 1.19 .
You also have the largest amount of money in coins without beingable tomake change for a dollar .
In the United States , poisoning is the fourth leading cause of death among children Surveys indicate that the number one reason people play BINGO is for leisure
In 1916 , Charlie Chaplin was making $ 10,000 a week , making him the highest paid actor of his time Annually , an Australian eats 15 kg of bananas , which comes out to 27 meters of bananas
The largest stamp was issued by China and measured 210 x 65 mm Nazi leader Adolf Hitler had only one testicle
It 's possible to lead a cow upstairs ... but not downstairs .
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days when the engines were pulled by horses .
The horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases
The best selling Crayola crayon box is the set of 24 crayons People that smoke have 10 times as many wrinkles as a person that does not smoke Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark .
( Hence , the light bulb ? )
The name of the character that is behind bars in the Monopoly board game is Jake the Jailbird In Colorado , there are about 83,000 dairy cows
Just by recycling one aluminum can , enough energy would be saved to have a TV run for three hours .
The first telephone call from the White House was from Rutherford Hayes to Alexander Graham Bell Turtles can breathe through their butts A pregnant goldfish is called a twit The name Wendy was made up for the book " Peter Pan . "
A glockenspiel is a musical instrument that is like a xylophone .
It has a series of metal bars and is played with two hammers Teenage suicide is the second cause of death in the state of Wisconsin Diamonds were first discovered in the riverbeds of the Golconda region of India over 4,000 years ago .
French artist , Michel Vienkot , uses cow dung as paint when he creates his pictures Canada is an Indian word meaning " village " or " settlement . "
There are 122 pebbles per square inch on a Spalding basketball
The seventeenth president of the United States , Andrew Johnson did not know how to read until he was 17 years old
The fastest growing tissue in the human body is hair Bhutan issued a stamp in 1973 that looked like a record and actually would play the Bhutanese national anthem if placed on a record player Asparagus comes in three colors : green , white and purple Only two people signed the Declaration of Independence on July 4th , JohnHancock and Charles Thomson .
Most of the rest signed on August 2 , butthe last signature was n't added until 5 years later .
A cubic yard of air weighs about 2 pounds at sea level .
Pancakes are served for breakfast , lunch and dinner in Australia A lion feeds once every three to four days A honey bee has four wings Chedder cheese is the best selling cheese in the USA
In the movie " The Matrix Reloaded " a 17 minute battle scene cost over $ 40 million to produce According to research , Los Angeles highways are so congested that the average commuter sits in traffic for 82 hours a year Over one million Pet Rocks were sold in 1975 , makine Gary Dahl , of Los Gatos , California , a millionaire .
He got the idea while joking with friends about his pet that was easy to take care of , which was a rock First novel ever written on a typewriter : Tom Sawyer Because metal was scarce ; the Oscars given out during World War II were made of plaster
The head of a jellyfish is called the " Bell . "
The game Monopoly has been played by approximately 500 million people in the world , and the game is available in 26 languages
The dragonfly has not changed over the last 300 million years
In 1983 , a Japanese artist , Tadahiko Ogawa , made a copy of the Mona Lisa completely out of ordinary toast Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear : 7 Cotton crops can be sprayed up to 40 times a year making it the most chemical - intensive crop in the world The " Star Spangled Banner " did not become a national anthem until 1931 .
It was designated by an Act of Congress Every year in the U.S. , there are 178,000 new cases of lung cancer
On average , the American household consumes six pounds of peanut butter annually A housefly can only ingest liquid material .
They regurgitate their food to liquify the food that they are going to eat Bugs Bunny was originally called " Happy Rabbit . "
In 1685 , New France used playing cards as currency because of the shortage of coins Sharks have upper and lower eyelids , but they do not blink
The size of a red blood cell is 708 microns .
This is equivalent to one millionth of a meter
In 1657 , the first chocolate house was opened in London , England .
The cost of chocolate was about 13 shillings per pound and was a drink that only the elite enjoyed
In the movie " Gandhi " 300,000 extras appeared in the funeral scene .
Of the 300,000 , approximately 100,000 received a small fee , and the other 200,000 did it for free O.J. Simpson had a severe case of rickets and wore leg braces when he was a child
The majority of cats do not have any eyelashes Reindeer like to eat bananas A barnacle has the largest penis of any other animal in relation to its size
The hottest chili in the world is the Tezpur chili pepper
Over half the textile fibers that are used in the world are cotton
You can send a postcard from Hell .
There is a small town located in the Cayman Islands called " Hell . "
They even have a post office
The property ( ID , Facts ) VALUES on the Monopoly game board are the same today as they were in 1935
The song " Happy Birthday " brings in about $ 2 million in licensing revenue to Warner Communications who hold the copyright to the song
In 10 minutes , a hurricane releases more energy than all the world ' snuclear weapons combined .
Ed Cox from San Francisco invented the pot scrubbing S.O.S. pads in 1917 .
His wife came up with the name , which stands for " Save Our Saucepans . "
The name Wendy was made up for the book " Peter Pan . "
Another word for hiccups is " singultus . "
Better wine can be produced by the soil being of poor quality .
This is because the vines have to " work " harder A white tiger can only be born when both parents carry the gene for white colouring Lipogram refers to writing that does not have certain letter or letters
In October 1986 , Pepsi paid close to $ 840 million to Nabisco for the Kentucky Fried Chicken empire Edinburgh has more booksellers per head of population than any other city in Britain
The most common rock on Earth is basalt
The papaya tree is known as " the medicinal tree " in some cultures because it ? s seeds and leaves have been used as ingredients in different medicines A cat has 32 muscles in each ear
In one gram of soil , about ten million bacteria live in it When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone back in 1876 , only six phones were sold in the first month .
Americans eat approximately 20 pounds of pasta per person each year Dolphins sleep with one eye open Minnows have teeth located on a bone in their throat The 20th president of the United States James Garfield could write Greek with one hand and Latin with the other at the same time Japan uses the most energy per year than any other country .
Over 436,000 U.S.
Troops were exposed to depleted uranium during the first Gulf war Approximately two gallons of water are used to brush your teeth Two - thirds of Canadians live in Quebec and Ontario
The first television show to show any portion of a toilet was on " Leave it to Beaver . "
After fighting for ten weeks to show the toilet , CBS would only allow the producers to show the toilet tank , and not the whole toilet Texas is the only state that is allowed to fly its flag at the same height as the U.S. flag German immigrant , Louis Prang was the first to bring Christmas cards to America
In total , Americans eat more than 45 billion sandwiches each year , while sales of custom - made sandwiches are rising 15 percent per year Ninety percent of the population has an innie belly button
The fear of Halloween is called Samhainophobia In France , the Big Dipper is called the " casserole . "
The first African - American to receive a Nobel Peace Prize was Ralph J. Bunche in 1950 Dolphins can swim and sleep at the same time
Of all the golfers in Canada , 71.4 % golfers are male , 28.6 % are female Research indicates that babies who suck on pacifiers are more prone to ear aches
In 1917 , Margaret Sanger was jailed for one month for establishing the first birth control clinic Iguanas can recognize their human handlers and greet them differently , compared with strangers Being lactose intolerant can cause chronic flatulence Some of the titles that were considered for the hit T.V. show " Friends " were Six Of One , Across the Hall , and Insomnia Cafe
The only bone fully grown at birth is located in the ear
The incidents of immune system diseases has increased over 200 % in the last five years " dous " : tremendous , horrendous , stupendous , and hazardous Bananas contain a natural chemical which can make a person happy .
This same chemical is found in Prozac
The only desert in Canada is located in Osoyoos , British Columbia
The city of Seoul has been the capital city of Korea for more than 600 years Romans used to believe that walnuts could cure head ailments during the Renaissance , since their shape was similar to that of a brain
There are coffee flavored PEZ Half of the 42 U.S. Presidents are of Irish descent The General Lee cars used in the popular show The Dukes of Hazards were 1969 Dodge Chargers
The word " limelight " that is used in theatre to refer to the performers on the stage originated because before electricity was available lime was burned in a lamp , which created a white light that was directed at the performers
Many hamsters only blink one eye at a time
In Kentucky , it is illegal to carry ice cream in your back pocket In 1988 , the largest ice cream sundae in history was made .
It was made in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada , and weighed in at over 24 tons Sports Illustrated has the largest sports magazine circulation
There are some hospitals in Shanghai that have issued a rule that a nurse must wear lipstick while on duty Thirteen percent of the human population reside in deserts
There are more chickens than people in the world In 1958 , the Crayola crayon color " Prussian Blue " was changed to " Midnight Blue " by the request of teachers as kids could not relate to Prussian history Americans on average use about 580 pounds of paper per year per person
Wild turkeys can run at speeds of up to 25 miles per hour Annually , fires that occur at home kill more Americans than all natural disasters combined
The only sound Seahorses make is a small clicking or popping sound during feeding or courtship The Baltimore Orioles opened the 1988 baseball season by losing the first 21 games and 107 altogether for the entire season Border collies are the most intelligent breed of dog Tug of War was an Olympic event between 1900 and 1920
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar Coca - Cola used to contain cocaine when it was initially introduced All the Krispy Kreme donut stores collectively could make a doughnut stack as high as the Empire State Building in only 2 minutes Pepsi originally contained pepsin , ( the same stuff in pepcid AC ) thus the name
The first letter Vanna
White ever turned on the game show Wheel of Fortune was the letter " T. " Harley Proctor got the idea to name the soap " Ivory " while he was listening to a bible reading at a church in 1879
The average American drinks 400 glasses of milk in a year Canada beat Denmark 47 - 0 at the 1949 world hockey championships .
new 111,111,111 x
111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321 Each Jelly
Belly jelly belly bean has 4 calories
The longest one - syllable word in the English language is " screeched . "
Only 55 percent of all Americans know that the sun is a star Kissing can aid in reducing tooth decay .
This is because the extra saliva helps in keeping the mouth clean
There is a place called Hell , Michigan .
It is about 50 miles from Detroit , Michigan In 1929 , the Coca - Cola slogan was " The Pause That Refreshes . "
Bamboo plants can grow up to 36 inches in a day .
Since the United Nations was founded in 1945 , there have been 140 wars Goat meat contains up to 45 percent less saturated fat than chicken meat Chef Boyardee is actually a real person .
His real name is Hector Boiardi and he was born in northern Italy in 1898 Bill Bowerman , the co-founder of the shoe company Nike , got his first shoe idea after staring at a waffle iron .
This gave him the idea of using squared spikes to make the shoes lighter
In 1989 , the space shuttle Discovery carried 32 fertilized chicken eggs into orbit
The most recycled product in the world is the automobile .
Before the 17th century , carrots used to be the colour purple William Taft who was the U.S. president between 1909 - 1913 once got stuck in the White House bathtub
If all the Oreo cookies ever sold were stacked on top of one another , they would be as high as 13.3 million Sears Towers Ancient Egyptians kissed with their noses instead of with their lips Krispy Kreme make five million doughnut a day
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross
There were no red colored M&Ms from 1976 to 1987
In 1681 , the last dodo bird died
There are over 600 different pasta shapes
Some people start to sneeze if they are exposed to sunlight or have a light shined into their eye
In 1989 , twenty - three people were hired in Jacksonville Florida just to flush toilets so the pipes would not freeze Lake Baikal is the oldest freshwater lake on Earth , having formed between 20 and 25 million years ago From 1939 to 1942 , there was a undersea post office in the Bahamas
An owl has three eyelids Instead of a birthday cake , many children in Russia are given a birthday pie Atlantic salmon can jump as high as 4.5 meters out of the water
Although the outsides of a bone are hard , they are generally light and soft inside .
They are about 75 % water Each nostril of a human being register smell in a different way .
Smells that are made from the right nostril are more pleasant than the left .
However , smells can be detected more accurately when made by the left nostril Children who are breast fed tend to have an IQ seven points higher than children who are not Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king fromhistory .
Spades - King David ; Clubs - Alexander the Great ; Hearts - Charlemagne ; and Diamonds - Julius Caesar .
There are no ants in Iceland , Antarctica and Greenland
In the United States , approximately 135 million cars travel every day on the streets , roads , and interstates .
A salmon with two mouths , two sets of teeth and two tongues was caught by Bob Bateman of Canada
There is a " cemetery town " in California named Colma .
Concerns about the public health , crime , and the need for space forced the city of San Francisco to outlaw burials in 1902 .
The city of Colma , which is five miles south of San Francisco , was established to bury the dead .
The ratio of dead to living people is 750 to 1 Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors
In Belgium , there is a museum that is just for strawberries
The most reproduced image in the world is Mickey Mouse , which can be found on over 7,500 different items
On average a person passes gas 14 times a day Vasaloppet , which is located in Sweden is the oldest , longest , and the biggest cross-country ski race in the world .
Every year , 14,000 people compete in the race
The clown fish has the ability to change its sex .
If a breeding female dies , the male fish will change its sex and mate with another male Bats sleep during the day and feed at night .
The place that bats sleep in is called the " roost . "
The puma and the leopard are the highest jumping mammals .
They are able to reach a height of 16.5 feet
The chances of getting a cavity is higher if candy is eaten slowly throughout the day compared to eating it all at once and then brushing your teeth
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built , engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building
On average , a car driver will swear or blashpheme 32,025 times in their lifetime while driving
The average ear grows 0.01 inches in length every year
The first penny candy to be wrapped in America was the Tootsie Roll in 1896 Buckingham Palace has over six hundred rooms
Male owls weigh less and are smaller than female owls Hypnotism is banned by public schools in San Diego
The city of Las Vegas has the most hotel rooms in the world Cows drink anywhere from 25 - 50 gallons of water each day
In the United Kingdom , three million people play bingo every year Humans are the only primates that do n't have pigment in the palms oftheir hands .
Every square inch of the human body has about 19,000,000 skin cells
In 1994 , 7 - Eleven coined the term " brain freeze . "
The word was developed to explain the feeling people get when drinking a Slurpee .
A swordfish can live as long as 25 years and weigh up to 1,200 pounds
Due to eating habits in the USA , one in three children born in the year 2000 have a chance of getting type II diabetes
The world 's termites outweigh the world 's humans 10 to 1 .
Each honeycomb in Honeycomb cereal has seven holes
The Nile river is 6,690 kilometers long
By law , information collected in a U.S. census must remain confidential for seventy - two years Eighty percent of 10 year old girls in the USA go on a diet 97 % of all paper money in the US contains traces of cocaine
The name " Grey Poupon " used for mustard comes from two people : Maurice Grey and Auguste Poupon .
Grey was the inventor of a machine that mass produced fine textured mustard , and Poupon was an already established maker of mustard .
In 1886 the Grey - Poupon firm was formed The Faberge , " Winter Egg " was sold in 1994 for $ 5.6 million .
This is the most expensive decorative egg that has ever been sold The name " Tonka " trucks was named after Lake Minnetonka located in Minnesota .
Tonka means " great " in Sioux 18 % of an Americans income is spent on transportation Feb 1865 and Feb 1999 are the only months in recorded history not to have a full moon Turkeys have a wingspan of approximately 4.5 feet
The first music video ever played on MTV Europe was by Dire Straits , " Money For Nothing . "
Arnold Palmer was the first player to win $ 1 million on the PGA Tour Three years after a person quits smoking , there chance of having a heart attack is the same as someone who has never smoked before
In a year , the average Americans eats approximately 18 pounds of Turkey
The household wrench was invented by boxing heavyweight champion Jack Johnson in 1922 Squids move through the ocean using a jet of water forced out of the body by a siphon Back in 1796 , dimes were called dismes Pilgrims did not eat with forks .
They only used spoons , knives and their fingers
The average human has about 20 square feet of skin weighing about 6 pounds Mass murderer Charles Manson recorded an album titled " Lie . "
On average , each American consumes approximately two hundred and sixty pounds of meat in a year The term " The Big Apple " was coined by touring jazz musicians of the 1930s who used the slang expression " apple " for any town or city .
Therefore , to play New York City is to play the big time - The Big Apple An apple , potato , and onion all taste the same if you eat them with your nose plugged .
They all taste sweet The United States has paved enough roads to circle the Earth over 150 times .
Decaffeinated coffee is not 100 % caffeine free .
When coffee is being decaffeinated , 2 % of the caffeine still remains in it Sales of antacids increase by as much as 20 % the day after the Superbowl Automobile building is the largest manufacturing industry in the world .
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes Polar bears can eat as much as ten percent of their body weight in less than one hour Marlboro was the first cigarette company to market a cigarette that had a red filter called " beauty tip . "
This was done to hide the lipstick marks left on the filter from women smokers
In Japan , the number four is considered to be unlucky because the Japanese word for four sounds very similar to the word death
The life expectancy of a $ 100 bill is nine years
The words moron , imbecile , and idiot are not interchangable .
The one with the highest level of intelligence is a moron , followed , by an imbecile , and then idiot Anise is the scent on the artificial rabbit that is used in greyhound races
The first known American novelist to hand in a manuscript that was typed was Mark Twain .
His typewriter was a Remington No.1 , which was invented by Christopher Sholes and Carlos Glidden .
The city of Nottingham in England was the first city to have Braille signs ( signs for the blind ) in its shopping malls for the blind
The only woman that has appeared on a U.S. paper currency is Martha Washington
The name of the Taco Bell dog is Gidget Each year approximately half of billions dollars is spent on bubble gum by the kids in North America Hair and fingernails are made from the same substance , keratin
The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night
The number one cause of blindness in adults in the United States is diabetes India has a Bill of Rights for cows A drink used to be made by the Aztecs for the gods which had the ingredients of ground cocoa mixed in with spices and corn
In America , the most common mental illness is Anxiety Disorders
The stage were the television sitcom " Friends " is shot on is said to be haunted Gases that build up in your large intestine cause flatulence .
It usually takes about 30 to 45 minutes for these gases to pass through your system
The largest earthworm on record was found in South Africa and measured 22 feet Whooping cranes are born with blue eyes that change to bright gold by the time they six months old Belize is the only country in the world with a jaguar preserve Tomatos were once referred to as " love apples . "
This is because their was a superstition that people would fall in love by eating them The American Kestrel hawk weighs only four ounces A 27 year old heir to a sausage empire was handed a ticket for 116,000 pounds for driving at 80 km / hr in a 40 km / hr zone .
This is because the speeding tickets in Finland are based on how much money a person makes
In China , pancakes are generally served as side dishes .
They are stuffed with meat , bean sprouts , and other vegetables 93 % of all greeting cards are purchased by women Paper money is not made from wood pulp but from cotton .
This means that it will not disintegrate as fast if it is put in the laundry
The most deadly fires that occur in the home happen between 6 pm and 10 pm
There are over 200 parts in a typical telephone
There is an automobile model called Stutz Bearcat .
If you were standing on Mercury , the Sun would appear 2.5 times larger than it appears from Earth
The water inside of a coconut is identical to human blood plasma .
Many lives in third world countries have been saved from coconut water fed through an IV
The least likely day to eat out in the United States is Monday Little Miss Muffet was a girl from the 16th century whose name was really Patience In 1978 , the World Water Speed record was made by Ken Warby from Australia .
His average speed was 317.6 mph , and his jet - powered hydroplane was 27 feet long called " Spirit of Australia . "
Warby built the boat himself in his back yard Americans collectively eat one hundred pounds of chocolate every second People who studies laughter are called a " gelotologists . "
Adolf Hitler was one of the people that was responsible in the creation of the Volkswagen Beetle .
He came up with the idea of producing a car that was cheap enough for the average German working man to afford .
Chameleons can move their eyes independently .
One eye can be looking forward and one eye backward at the same time Bruce Lee was so fast , that they actually had to slow a film down so you could see his moves .
That is the opposite of the norm Over 90 % of diseases are caused or complicated by stress
In 1953 , racecar driver Tim Flock raced at Nascar with a monkey in the seat beside him Taipan snakes have 50 times more toxic than a cobra snake Influenza caused over twenty - one million deaths in 1918 English sailors were referred to as " limeys " because sailors added lime juice to their diet to combat scurvy Ukrainian people celebrate Christmas on January 7th , which is the Orthodox Christmas Day Gorillas are considered apes , not monkeys .
The way to distinguish between an ape and a monkey is that apes do not have tails Early Romans used to use porcupine quills as toothpicks
The longest human beard on record is 17.5 feet , held by Hans N. Langseth who was born in Norway in 1846 Honey is used sometimes for antifreeze mixtures and in the center of golf balls
The size of a raindrop is around 0.5 mm - 2.5 mm , and they fall from the sky on average 21 feet per second .
In the United States , the first cookbook was published in 1796 and it contained a recipes for watermelon rind pickles
The word " walkman " was included in the Oxford English Dictionary in 1986
A headache and inflammatory pain can be reduced by eating 20 tart cherries
There is an area located off the south - eastern Atlantic coast of the United States called the " Bermuda Triangle . "
It is known for a high rate of unexplained losses of ships , small boats , and aircraft , which has led some people to believe that this triangle has supernatural powers State with the highest percentage of people who walk to work : Alaska Some toothpastes and deodorants contain the same chemicals found in antifreeze The Shroud of Turin is the single most studied artifact in human history Smartest dogs :
1 ) Scottish border collie ; 2 ) Poodle ; 3 ) Golden retriever
The sperm count of an average American male compared to thirty years ago is down thirty percent Humpback whales are capable of living up to 95 years
The 1912 , a wrestling match in Stockholm between Finn Alfred Asikainen and Russian Martin Klein lasted more than 11 hours .
Klein eventually won , but was to tired to participate in the championship match Manitoulin Island is the largest island in a fresh water lake .
It is located in Canadian Lake Superior Cost of raising a medium - size dog to the age of eleven : $ 6,400 The Chinese politician Mao Zedong refused to ever brush his teeth and instead just washed his mouth with tea The Super Bowl is broadcast to over 182 countries in the world Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour In 1884 , Dr. Hervey D. Thatcher invented the milk bottle .
Some Ribbon worm will eat themselves if they cannot find food .
This type of worm can still survive after eating up to 95 % of its body weight
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is " uncopyrightable . "
Singer Chaka
Khan came out with a line of chocolates called " Chakalates . "
In a day 34,000 children die every day from causes that are related to poverty and hunger Next Page of Facts >>
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Asteroids are shaken up as they pass nearby the Earth
The Earth " changes the colour " of asteroids by shaking them up as they pass , according to scientists .
Researchers report that this solves the mystery of why the meteorites that land on the Earth often do not match the colour of asteroids in space .
Previous research had already shown that the solar radiation in space reddens the the surfaces of asteroids .
The new findings described in Nature journal , explain how they are " re-surfaced " as they pass close to Earth .
Richard Binzel , professor of planetary sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , led this research .
He explained to BBC News that his team used an infrared telescope to study the colour of asteroids in space , and compared that data to measurements taken from meteorites - chunks of asteroids that actually landed on Earth - that were examined in the lab .
" Most asteroids have reddish tinge , " he said .
" The solar wind damages the minerals and turns them red - like sunburn .
" But when we look at the colour of meteorites , it 's very odd because [ in most cases ] it does n't match . "
Near - Earth asteroids are transformed by tidal forces when they come anywhere near our planet
Clark Chapman
Southwest Research Institute But , according to Professor Binzel , some asteroids that pass close to the Earth do not have this red tinge .
These near - Earth asteroids match the meteorites that scientists collect and study here on Earth .
" As they get close to the Earth , it gives them earthquakes , " he told BBC News .
" The earth just shakes it enough that the the rubble flips over - resurfacing it . "
Dr Clark Chapman , an astronomer from the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colorado , in the US explained that these asteroids were " not monolithic , solid bodies " , and were more like " rubble piles " .
So on the surfaces of these rubble piles , rocks are shaken and turned over , to reveal a fresh , unweathered surface underneath .
Dr Chapman , who was not involved in the study , wrote an accompanying article in Nature explaining its significance .
He wrote that the observations provided " proof that near - Earth asteroids are transformed by tidal forces when they come anywhere near our planet " .
Professor Binzel said that this helps scientists to perform a kind of colour - matching , using the shade of an asteroid to find out more about its trajectory and where it came from .
" For each case of a ' fresh ' asteroid , we can say it definitely came near the Earth , " he said .
And the ' old ' , red ones definitely did n't .
" Meteorites are samples from space and to make the most use of them , we need to know where they 're coming from .
Now we can match the samples [ we have ] to where they came from in space . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Jesus Says No Hate !
Our products have been designed to tell others that you believe in Jesus ' message of love and acceptance , and that hatred and intolerance have no place in Christianity or the world .
The price of each product includes a $ 3 markup from the price we pay .
Half of all proceeds will be donated to charity .
Love one another proudly !
All shirts have the No Hate logo on the front .
Most shirts include one or more pro-love , anti-hate Bible verses on the back , while a few have blank backs ( you can see some examples below , and if you click on one of the shirts you can view the back ) .
Select shirts also include a rainbow cross to show inclusiveness for people of all colors and sexual orientations .
Barack Obama ruled out any sackings over the botched Christmas Day airline bombing plot yesterday after publishing a White House review that singled out for criticism two of the country 's leading intelligence agencies , the CIA and the National Counter - Terrorism Centre .
The review into the performance of the US intelligence community concluded that there had been three key failures : to take seriously the threat posed by al - Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula ; to put all the known pieces together ; and to place the alleged bomber , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , on a US terrorist watch list that would have prevented him flying .
The six - page review concluded : " The US government had sufficient information to have uncovered and potentially disrupted the December 25 attack – including by placing Mr Abdulmutallab on the no-fly list – but analysts within the counter - terrorism community failed to connect the dots that could have identified and warned of the specific threat . "
Obama , resisting political and media pressure for sackings , said he was less interested in heads rolling than in fixing the problem .
" I am less interested in passing out blame than I am in learning from , and correcting , these mistakes , to make us safer . "
As commander in chief , he said , " ultimately , the buck stops with me " .
Although he said it was not the fault of a single individual or organisation , the conclusions of the review were harsher .
There are a dozen major US intelligence agencies , but the review focused almost exclusively on the CIA and National Counter - Terrorism Centre , which was set up in 2004 as part of a reform of the intelligence services after the September 11 attacks .
Much of the implicit criticism was directed at counter - intelligence analysts at headquarters in the US , rather than those gathering information on the ground abroad .
Speaking to reporters at the White House , John Brennan , Obama 's counter - terrorism adviser , defended the head of the National Counter - Terrorism Centre , Michael Leiter , who left headquarters the day after the bomb attempt to go skiing .
Brennan said he had given Leiter permission to go ahead with a planned holiday with his son .
As well as announcing the review 's findings , Obama set out a series of limited reforms for the intelligence community , mainly improved co-ordination and expanding the criteria for adding individuals to the US terrorist list .
He also promised to introduce more body scanners at America 's airports and to step up research into better screening technology .
Abdulmutallab , a 23 - year - old Nigerian student who studied in the UK and spent time in Yemen , is due to appear in court in Detroit today , charged with trying to blow up a US plane on a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit , after a journey that began in Ghana , with a stop in Nigeria .
Yemen , Britain and Nigeria were yesterday engaged in a furious bout of buck - passing over their roles in the bomb plot .
Yemen 's deputy prime minster and security supremo , Rashad al - Alimi , sought to deflect criticism by insisting that Abdulmutallab was recruited and radicalised in London – an assessment flatly rejected by the British security service MI5 .
Alimi also claimed that Abdulmutallab , who hid the explosives in his underwear , had obtained the explosives in Nigeria , not Yemen .
Abdulmutallab's father in Nigeria alerted the CIA to concerns about his son , and there were other warnings that were not acted on .
Officials from the department of homeland security admitted yesterday that they became concerned about Abdulmutallab , but only when he was already in the air en route to Detroit .
The Yemen move to shift blame elsewhere comes after reports that the US was planning to seek retribution in the country for the failed bomb attempt .
But Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , ruled this out , saying there would be no direct military intervention .
The US claims its involvement is confined to indirect aid to Yemen 's armed forces in the fight against al - Qaida and other groups regarded as extremist .
Yemen insisted yesterday that the fight against al - Qaida must be conducted by its own forces .
Senior British counter - terrorism officials dismissed the claim that Abdulmutallab was recruited in London .
They described his radicalisation as a long journey which began at school in Togo and culminated in a decisive six - month period in Yemen before he tried to blow up an airliner over Detroit on Christmas Day .
He came to MI5 's attention during the three years he studied at University College London , because of his contacts with extremist websites , security sources said .
That information was passed to US intelligence agencies , but there was nothing to suggest that he was a terrorist , they said .
The Art of Fugue , BWV 1080 , by Johann Sebastian Bach
Get the Flash Player to see this player .
Contrapunctus I : simple fugue , 78 bars , 3:52
The Art of Fugue begins with the D minor subject that will pervade , in various guises , the next 80 minutes .
This " simple " fugue is about as straightforward as AOF gets .
The subject appears eleven times , eight of the instances being in two identically voiced expositions ( ASBT ) in the first half of the fugue .
Therefore , just as the subject is divided into halves progressing from long note values to shorter ones , this fugue itself proceeds from a fairly rigorous first half to a slightly freer second half .
However , it never sheds its the somber character , with the soprano rising in the penultimate bar to its highest note , a pleading B flat , before settling down to the concluding D major .
While AOF in many places will be sparkling exuberance , this is not such a place .
The first three contrapuncti form a serious , contemplative prelude to the largest structure of the cycle .
Accordingly , I have used a spare arrangement to give this piece the timeless , eternal feel that I find a proper introduction to the cycle .
The character of these opening contrapuncti guides both one 's interpretation of an arrangement , as well as one 's mindset upon beginning to listen to the work -- and will make the joyful dawn of Contrapunctus IV all the more rewarding .
As you listen to this fugue , listen for the two - note motive that pervades the sequential passages between the expositions :
This graphic just shows the rhythm , not the pitches .
Do n't worry about this too much for now ; file it away for future reference .
( Oh , all right , if you 're curious , go to Contrapunctus IV . )
In his completion of Contrapunctus XIV , Zoltán Göncz mirrors the pause at 3:18 in the present track ( see fugue map above ) , as the massive quadruple fugue winds toward its conclusion , nicely tying the final moments of AOF to this opening fugue .
AOF was was written at a time when Bach was composing a number of great " cycles , " including the Goldberg Variations ( BWV 988 ) and their accompanying set of 14 canons ( BWV 1087 ) , which I have realized elsewhere on this site .
In Canon 11 of BWV 1087 , Bach inscribes Christus Coronabit Crucigeros -- " Christ will crown those who carry His cross . "
We should first always look for musical necessity over subtle symbolism , but it will be fun to speculate on the numbers 3 , 4 , 11 , and 14 as we listen to AOF .
The number 3 , for example , refers in a number of Bach works to the Trinity , and perhaps it is not accidental that the Canon 11 inscription contains three words , all beginning with the same letter .
Apart from the final fugue , the triple fugue of Contrapunctus XI is the weightiest moment of AOF , and there seem to be many references to it throughout the cycle .
For starters , the subject appears appears 11 times in this fugue .
This year , 2010 , marks the 170th anniversary of anarchism as a named socio-economic theory .
With the publication of Proudhon ’s " What is Property ? " in 1840 , what was a tendency within history became explicit .
Yes , libertarian ideas and movements existed before 1840 – some of them , such as radicals in the Great French Revolution and the Lyons mutualists , influenced Proudhon but before 1840 these were never called anarchist .
Socialist politics would never be the same again !
Here is an extract ( sans footnotes ) from the introduction to my Proudhon Reader ( entitled " Property is Theft ! " ) , namely its start :
‘ In 1840 , two short expressions , a mere seven words , transformed socialist politics forever .
One , only four words long , put a name on a tendency within the working class movement : " I am an Anarchist . "
The other , only three words long , presented a critique and a protest against inequality which still rings : " Property is Theft ! "
‘ Their author , Pierre - Joseph Proudhon ( 1809 - 1865 ) , was a self - educated son of a peasant family and his work , " What is Property ? " , ensured he became one of the leading socialist thinkers of the nineteenth century .
From his works and activity , the libertarian movement was born : that form of socialism based on " the denial of Government and of Property . "
It would be no exaggeration to state categorically that if you do not consider property as " theft " and " despotism " and oppose it along with the state then you are not a libertarian .
As George Woodcock summarised :
‘" What is Property ?
embraces the core of nineteenth century anarchism . . . [ bar support for revolution ] all the rest of later anarchism is there , spoken or implied : the conception of a free society united by association , of workers controlling the means of production .
Later Proudhon was to elaborate other aspects : the working class political struggle as a thing of its own , federalism and decentralism as a means of re-shaping society , the commune and the industrial association as the important units of human intercourse , the end of frontiers and nations .
But What is Property ? . . . remains the foundation on which the whole edifice of nineteenth century anarchist theory was to be constructed . " ’
And so on …
And I have to tell you , this introduction has been revised quite a few times .
This anthology contains substantial newly translated material or new in book format of previously translated works , plus substantial extracts of key books already in the public domain ( such as " What is Property ? " , " System of Economic Contradictions " and " General Idea of the Revolution in the Nineteenth Century " ) this will be , I hope , the definitive work on Proudhon .
So it is essential that the introduction gets it right !
As it is , I ’ve dropped the section on Hal Draper and " Proudhon and the Right " for space considerations – and also I came to the conclusion that the Reader was not the best place to discuss this ( as will become clear from the extracts presented , Draper and Schapiro were talking through their arses ) .
The section on Mutualists in the First International remains , plus the sections on the Paris Commune and Marx ( although much changed ) .
Some of the introduction which will be familiar to readers of my lengthy review - article on the Paris Commune , most of it not .
While Proudhon is important , it would be a mistake to focus too much on individuals .
After all , libertarian ideas developed before him and spontaneously after him .
It would be somewhat time consuming to discuss the various proto- anarchist ideas and movements that existed before 1840 and their relationship with anarchism .
However , the only reason we label them anarchistic is because of Proudhon ( hence Godwin was seen as a proto - anarchist when he was re-discovered in the 1890s because he argued for the same things anarchists did – however , he did not create or influence the movement ) .
Moreover , Bakunin , Kropotkin and others have developed anarchism since Proudhon – but genuine libertarians have developed the ideas he first expounded so well .
His anti-capitalism and anti-statism ( both interwoven , it must be stressed ) , his federalism , self - management , decentralisation , and so on , all define what anarchism is and what it has become and what it will become .
It is hard to imagine an anarchism without these themes – in fact , it would not qualify as anarchism !
I will be posting an update on the Reader soon , basically the contents and maybe some publication information ( if I have any ) .
Later in the year I will start transferring the material on - line – plus supplementary material which did not make it into the published edition .
Suffice to say , I ’m excited about this as it not only enriches our understanding of Proudhon ( and we sometimes forget that he was a giant in 19th century socialism ) but also our understanding of the evolution of anarchism between 1840 and 1870 .
Many of the ideas we usually associate with , say , Bakunin were first expounded by Proudhon ( Bakunin was not exaggerating when he stated that his ideas were " Proudhonism widely developed and pushed right to these , its final consequences " ) .
It will also , I think , help undermine the baseless caricature Marx and Engels ( and Marxists ) have inflicted upon the world ( one even some anarchists subscribe to ! ) – for it becomes clear that Marx appropriated , without acknowledgement , many of the key insights of Proudhon .
He may have deepened and enriched them , but that is not reason to tolerate his mockery or appropriation .
Suffice to say , while I recognise the importance of individuals such as Proudhon in developing our ideas I also recognise that they are not the end - all or be-all of anarchism .
Anarchism is first and foremost about the movement , the actions of the nameless many who make it a possibility and a hope .
Anarchism would exist without Proudhon , Bakunin , Goldman , Chomsky , or whoever – although it would probably not be called anarchism with Proudhon !
It is the ideas that count , not the label .
This means you can have people ( such as libertarian Marxists ) who are close to anarchism but refuse the title and those who embrace the name , but are obviously alien to the tradition ( numpties like Rothbard , obviously , although he once recognised the truth ) .
This is not to deny the contribution of the " names " , just to place them in context – as the most visible of anarchists who express the ideas within the movement better than some , develop and enrich them .
Anarchism evolves and changes thanks to what we all do and what happens in the class struggle .
If certain people are remembered and read more than others , that does not mean we are whoever - ists nor does it mean denying the actions of the many who have always made up the movement and who give it life .
It simply means we appreciate the contributions of all .
So , with that in mind , I think I ’ll present my top - ten anarchist thinkers and activists .
These are the people who have influenced me the most and whom I think every anarchist ( and every radical ) should read .
I ’m excluding important libertarian thinkers who refused the name ( people like Maurice Brinton and Cornelius Castoridias ) simply for space reasons .
I ’m not one to deny their contribution to modern anarchism simply because their Marxist - background lumbered them with too - much baggage to call themselves anarchists !
10 . Noam Chomsky .
What can I say , an untiring attacker of injustice and oppression .
Where does he find the time to write all his books ?
I remember when I first heard of him , I was walking down a street in Glasgow when I bumped into a comrade who asked me if I were going to the " Self - determination and Power " event later that year .
I said I was n’t sure and he said Noam Chomsky would be there , to which I asked " Who ? "
Suffice to say , I did go along and heard him speak and was deeply impressed .
I ran to the library and started reading .
His great power is that he presents the evidence to back - up your gut - feelings that things are wrong .
I know some people attack him for being too " liberal " on some issues ( that may be better described as too realistic ! ) and he does not discuss anarchism enough .
To some degree I concur , but I feel that misses the point .
His books are read far beyond the anarchist movement and that raises our ideas far more than being completely pure in a journal which few people read .
And there is enough bloody sniping in the movement from people whose only contribution to anarchism seems to be complaining about what others do …
So , while not perfect , Chomsky always inspires me and his books are essential reading – " Objectivity and Liberal Scholarship " alone secures his place here !
9. Alexander Berkman
The first proper anarchist book I read from cover to cover was Berkman ’s " ABC of Anarchism " ( I had read bits from Woodcock ’s Anarchist Reader and Anarchism ) .
And it was good , very good .
I was really happy when I got to read the other parts not included in the Freedom Press edition .
Thank goodness that AK Press published the full version of his classic work ( entitled " What is Anarchism ? " ) !
As popular introductions go , it is pretty good if a wee bit dated in parts .
However , it gets the core ideas across well and shows the basics of communist - anarchism in their full glory .
As such , it is a good read and sets you up well for finding out more about anarchism .
And it is simply the fact that Berkman was my first anarchist book ( and that it was a classic ) that secures his place here rather than , say , Rudolf Rocker .
I started reading Rocker later and while he was also a great writer , thinker and activist my memories of buying and reading in a weekend when I was a teenager wins !
Sorry , Rudolf – oh , and I really disagree with the notion that anarchism is socialism plus liberalism ( I consider this an utter misreading of liberalism , democracy and the actual development of anarchism and its direct influences in post- Revolutionary France ) .
If I were producing an objective list on contributions to anarchism , Rocker would be higher on the list than Berkman but as I ’m not …
8. Emma Goldman
I know she is not to everyone ’s taste and Goldman does come across as a bit of a big - head , but her works and life are inspiring .
Her account of the Russian Revolution ( the somewhat publisher entitled " My Disillusionment in Russia " ) covers what went wrong well , while " Anarchism and Other Essays " is a good .
The bits of her biography ( " Living My Life " ) I ’ve read are very interesting .
Obviously , the anthology " Red Emma Speaks " is the definitive book now ( the most recent edition has all the essays from " Anarchism and Other Essays " plus more ) – it is just a shame the editor did not manage to squeeze in " Trotsky Protests Too Much " !
Now that is a great article , as is her continual stress by fighting the restrictive ( and usually hypocritical ) morality internally and externally which hinder our full development .
I would say my liking of Goldman increased considerably when I saw a terrible attack on her by a Leninist ( of all people ! ) as an " elitist " …
Suffice to say , such arguments simply ignore the dynamics of social change and basic common sense ( as I ’ve discussed here ) .
She grasped key issues and was not afraid to court criticism and diatribe to advocate them .
If I knew more about Louise Michel , I may have included her as well as Goldman .
Not to mention Lucy Parsons .
As for Voltairine de Cleyre , well I know she attracts strong feelings but I first read a lot by her relatively recently and her impact was nowhere near as strong as Goldman .
It is also somewhat funny to read certain " anarcho " - capitalists praise her as a " genius " and fail to ponder why she rejected individualist anarchism for communist - anarchism …
7. Murray Bookchin
I know , he rejected anarchism right at the end of his live and effectively destroyed his own legacy .
That is why he is not higher in the list !
But I still remember the joy I felt reading " Post - Scarcity Anarchism " – this was a book by someone who got it , who knew what anarchism meant and who could express it !
" Toward an Ecological Society " was almost as good , although after that his works got increasingly , well , academic feeling ( " The Spanish Anarchists " being a notable exception ) .
Still , his works were always worth reading – no matter how obscure they were at times !
I did recently read " The Ecology of Freedom " from cover to cover and it was very thought - provoking .
And , needless to say , his ecological perspective was ground - breaking and his analysis of the eco-limits of capitalism all to relevant .
I would say that he never broke sufficiently from his early Leninism , as can be seen by his dismissal of the " proletariat " as a force of social change – his definition ( as industrial worker ) was far too narrow .
Somewhat ironically , his earlier attacks on " class politics " did come back to haunt him during the " Social Anarchism and Lifestyle Anarchism " diatribes which finally drove him from anarchism .
Still , I cannot really dismiss his contributions to anarchism from the 1960s to 1990s , even if his last works were pretty bad .
6. Pierre - Joseph Proudhon
What , so low down the list ?
And after reading him non -stop for a year !
Ah , but this is not unfair to Proudhon .
Important as he is to anarchism , he is up against some libertarian activists and thinkers who really were outstanding .
And , of course , there is the whole sexist prat side of him which cannot help but knock off a few points …
Suffice to say , Proudhon ’s influence in the evolution of anarchism is key .
So many of the ideas we take for granted come from him .
I remember how surprised I was to see the advocating of mandated and recallable delegates to federal councils which combined legislative and executive functions in 1848 , a mere 23 years before Marx praised them when the Paris Commune implemented them .
I knew Bakunin had advocated such a vision before 1871 , but I was not aware that he was simply taking up Proudhon ’s ideas .
Then there is decentralisation , federalism , etc. , not to mention his clear expounding of the " Marxist " theory of surplus value a mere 27 years before Capital was published …
All good stuff !
I got into Proudhon as a direct result of working on " An Anarchist FAQ " – I had to go back to the original texts to cover why anarchists believe certain things .
For the critique of capitalism , I had to read " What is Property ? " and I was impressed ( and pleased ) by what I read .
I then found volume 1 of " System of Economical Contradictions " on - line and read that about ten years ago .
Again , I was impressed – it really did not have any relation to the caricature Marx made of it .
Then it was " General Idea of the Revolution " and , again , liked what I read .
Since then , I ’ve been reading what I can when it becomes available .
And I cannot believe it is about a year since I was walking to work and realised that this year was the 170th anniversary of " What is Property ? " and so the naming of anarchism – from there it was a quick jump to the idea of a Proudhon Reader …
Ultimately , I think that those anarchists who downplay or dismiss Proudhon ( such as the authors of the otherwise excellent Black Flame ) have not read him or perhaps assume that Marxist attacks are accurate ?
I doubt that they do that for Bakunin , but then more is available in English by him .
Hopefully the Reader will change that – he was a flawed thinker , but important nevertheless .
5. Peter Kropotkin
I have to say that initially I was not that impressed by Kropotkin when I first became an anarchist .
While " Conquest of Bread " was invigorating in its optimism and breath of vision , I guess I was too influenced by the whole " breaded academic who advocated co-operation " myth that has grown around him .
And that whole supporting the Allies in the First World War madness did not help ( and knocked him down a few places ! ) .
I would say that what changed my opinion was libertarian Marxist Harry Cleaver ’s article " Kropotkin , Self - valorization and the Crisis of Marxism " which got me thinking about his ideas in a different way .
Then it all started to fit into place and the power and importance of his work became clear .
Such collections as " Words of a Rebel " and " Act For Yourselves " are classics , but I think that " The Great French Revolution " should be read by all revolutionary anarchists – it does present a good summary of how Kropotkin saw a libertarian revolt working .
Also , " Modern Science and Anarchism " is very good ( the version in the collection " Anarchism " or " Revolutionary Pamphlets " is much edited , try and get it in " Evolution and Environment " but it really should be published as a book in its own right ) .
And , of course , Kropotkin is one of the few anarchists whose ideas are now part of the mainstream of a science – namely his ideas on " Mutual Aid " are better known as " Reciprocal Altruism " in biology .
4. Nestor Makhno
Well , what can I say ?
He fought the Reds and the Whites in the name of freedom for over 3 years .
His army shows the validity of anarchism and that the standard defences of the Bolsheviks by latter - day Leninists are just plain false .
Which helps explain why they hate him so much …
Also , a bit of personal history .
When I was a teenager I read lots of Michael Moorcock books and Makhno appears in quite a few ( Moorcock is an anarchist and a fan of Makhno ) .
His appearances in " The Steel Tsar " and elsewhere got me interested in him , while Moorcock ’s review of Michael Malet ’s " Nestor Makhno in the Russian Civil War " got me looking at the Makhnovist section in Woodcock ’s " The Anarchist Reader " .
Suitably impressed , I read the introduction and discovered that the ideas I had in my head had a name – anarchism !
And the rest is history …
I still remember when I read this in " The Anarchist Reader " all those years ago :
" The freedom of the workers and the peasants is their own , and not subject to any restriction .
It is up to the workers and peasants to act , to organise themselves , to agree among themselves in all aspects of their lives , as they themselves see fit and desire .
. .
The Makhnovists can do no more than give aid and counsel . . .
In no circumstances can they , nor do they wish to , govern . "
Inspiring !
3. Buenaventura Durruti
It was a toss - up between Durruti and Makhno in terms of the third and fourth places .
Durruti gets third place simply because he seemed so overall right on !
According to Abel Paz he said :
" When will you stop thinking like the bourgeoisie , that women are men 's servants ?
It 's enough that society is divided into classes .
We 're not going to make even more classes by creating differences between men and women in our own homes ! "
Paz ’s " Durrutu in the Spanish Revolution " was one of my favourite books of the last few years .
An insight into an amazing life and an amazing movement – looking at our situation it is hard to be believe something like the CNT existed !
Union activist , anarchist militant , at the forefront of so many struggles .
What a guy !
And , of course , dying a hero ’s death defending Madrid from fascism cannot do Durruti ’s memory any harm …
2. Michael Bakunin
Ah , Bakunin !
Dismissed by Marx and Marxists ever since , but what do they know ?
He managed to predict both the failure of Social Democracy and that " the dictatorship of the proletariat " would become the dictatorship over the proletariat .
But as I ’ve learned , being right does not guarantee any recognition … particularly if being right goes against powerful interests !
If Proudhon defined what anarchism was , then Bakunin laid the foundations for revolutionary anarchism .
From his ideas both communist - and syndicalist - anarchism flows .
He took Proudhon ’s ideas and developed them by adding the militant activism of the labour movement and a recognition that capitalism cannot be reformed .
Which is why I find the recent flurry of comments that the Haymarket Martyrs somehow " synthesised " anarchism and Marxism !
They were clearly following the path laid by Bakunin , who was hardly a Marxist … as Marx and Engels pointed out .
I ’ve written an article on why Bakunin is great ( one of many ! ) , so I ’ll leave it there – beyond asking when his Collected Works will be published ?
Apparently they have been translated into English …
1. Errico Malatesta
While Malatesta was not the most innovative thinkers , he was certainly the clearest and most realistic .
His works express a humanism which is truly inspiring and he managed ( beyond his early days ) to weave a path between the extremes which so many anarchists fall into .
His critiques of syndicalism and the Platform are spot on and Anarchy remains for me simply the best short introduction to anarchism there is .
His analysis of what anarchists should do , the problems we face and possible solutions are sound .
His writings are the best I have read .
He really is an inspiration ( and no silly stupidities like forgetting everything anarchism stands for when faced with World War ) .
An outstanding activist and writer .
Perhaps needless to say , my original copy of " Errico Malatesta : His Life and Ideas " got so dog-eared that I had to buy a new one !
And you can imagine how happy I was to learn AK Press was publishing a new anthology of Malatesta ’s writings .
Hopefully they will include his articles on Bolshevism as it would be interesting to see what someone who in the First International made of the Third …
So do yourself a favour , read Malatesta if you already have n’t !
Of course there are many , many others .
Colin Ward , obviously ( " Anarchy in Action " is a classic and his recent introduction to anarchism was good ) ; Vernon Richards and Albert Meltzer ( the former for " Lessons of the Spanish Revolution " and his editorials in Freedom from the ‘ 50s and ‘ 60s ; the latter for Black Flag , keeping class struggle anarchist alive and fighting Freedom ’s now reversed descent into quasi- liberalism ) ; Voline ( " The Unknown Revolution " ) and Peter Arshinov ( " The History of the Makhnovist Movement " ) ; Luigi Fabbri ( " Anarchy and ‘ Scientific ’ Communism " – there really should be more translated by him ! ) ;
Nicholas Walter also produced some useful material ( not only " About Anarchism " but also numerous reviews and articles over the years ) ; Daniel Guérin should also be named checked , if only for his excellent introduction " Anarchism : From theory to practice " ( and he was also a Proudhon fan as well ) ; but then the list would be extremely long …
For those interested in reading more , may I point to the excellent Anarchy Archives .
It is pretty comprehensive ( although it never seems to have new material in it ! ) .
It has pages for most , if not all , the people I ’ve discussed above .
I suppose the big question is , if someone did this kind of list in 50 years which anarchists writing and struggling today would be in contention to join them ?
Anyways , enough of my rambling !
Hope yous had a good holiday and that 2010 is as revolutionary as you desire …
Until I blog again , be seeing you !
I was having a discussion with someone about the perils of making the Bible go farther than its own words allow .
I believe the example was about the " days " of Creation as used in Genesis .
The Bible defines the term , " day " , as being the separation of light from darkness .
Some want to argue that this must be interpreted as a 24 - hour period .
But since the earth itself was n't even created until the second day , this is by no means a required interpretation .
It 's pointless to argue the matter , because the Bible itself is the source of the imprecision .
The writer of Genesis decided not to explain himself any further than the words he used .
To interpret the Bible 's meaning properly , then , we need to constrain ourselves and go no further than the words allow .
Likewise , we need to restrain ourselves when using the Constitution , and go only so far as its words allow .
Our Constitution is deeply founded on the concept of self government .
In a self - government , all rights are inherent in the people themselves .
Government cannot grant any rights , because the people already possess them .
Therefore , it 's pointless to ask , for example , " where does the Constitution grant the right of corporations to speak ? "
The answer is , " nowhere " , because the Constitution does n't grant rights at all .
The right of speech and assembly are natural rights that need no grant .
In fact , you 'll find just the opposite in the Constitution : a prohibition against government meddling .
In America , the government derives power from the consent of the governed .
The government is the one being " granted " a right .
The people are the owners , and the government , its employees .
The principles underlying the modern welfare state , however , are almost completely opposite to those of self government .
In a modern , centralized state , the government holds the power , and distributes it to the people .
The people work for the state , and in return , the state takes care of their daily needs .
My point is n't to argue that one grant of government is better than another , it is to simply point out how utterly , fundamentally different they are from each other .
This creates a real problem when a modern welfare state candidate such as Obama comes on the scene .
He is forced to use a set of legislative tools that were created for an entirely different purpose than the one he wishes to put them to .
He wants to guarantee universal coverage , which necessitates universal participation , but the Constitution says absolutely nothing about such a distribution of powers .
The Constitution restricts itself to talking about the Federal government , and it alone .
Universal participation in healthcare is thus not so much un-Constitutional as it is extra-Constitutional .
Obabma is asking the impossible of our system of government .
If what you are trying to make is a modern welfare state , then you need to write a new Constitution based on the proper concept of state vs. individual rights and liberties .
Most other sites would have thrown in the towel by now , but despite unprecedented pressure , somehow The Pirate Bay remains alive and in pretty good health today .
As one door closes , the site morphs and adapts to find ways to stay open and possibly even stay legal .
Is the site becoming more and more difficult to shut down ?
In the face of a massive and sustained legal onslaught orchestrated by the combined might of the global music and movie industries , one might have expected The Pirate Bay to fold up and die .
Yet as we sit here on the brink of December 2009 , the site remains open .
No other site in BitTorrent history has ever weathered so many storms , so many obstacles and so many setbacks , but still prevailed .
When threatened in an aggressive manner , most torrent sites show a little bravado but ultimately comply with the shutdown requests .
Not so The Pirate Bay .
The huge raid back in 2006 resulted in the loss of masses of equipment , and this alone would ’ve been sufficient to break the will of a lesser site .
But within days the site was back online , and since then has hopped around various hosts and countries , evading every attempt to mortally wound it .
Earlier this year the 2006 raid bore its fruit , with the founders of the site being found guilty , given huge fines and ordered to spend time in jail .
But even this development did n’t deter the world ’s largest BitTorrent tracker .
With appeals pending , hope remains .
Not even the promised financial penalties could cripple the site or its operators .
Could the authorities find any assets belonging to the founders ?
Not a chance .
Even the site had been handed over to new owners , Seychelles - based Reservella .
Threatening the site ’s host would also prove useless , as the company is owned by Fredrik Neij .
But eventually the authorities took direct action , by threatening the site ’s indirect bandwidth supplier with fines if they continued to supply it with a connection to the Internet .
So down the site went yet again .
True to form , back it came again within hours with a new ISP .
Within 20 minutes that company was threatened by Hollywood .
Losing that host , TPB set sail for the east and soon came back online .
Again .
However , the site ’s enemies were already hatching another plan .
After TPB relocated some of its operations to Ukraine , in October Dutch anti-piracy outfit BREIN found another chink in the armor .
Traffic to the site was routed through The Netherlands via Nforce , a LeaseWeb customer .
Nforce quickly complied with BREIN ’s threats , and The Pirate Bay went down yet again – very temporarily of course .
Then at the end of October the Stockholm District Court delivered what should ’ve been a killer blow , banning Gottfrid Svartholm and Fredrik Neij from operating the site on pain of $ 71,000 in fines for non-compliance .
But even this decision is proving toothless .
The Pirate Bay is no longer located in Sweden ( and no longer runs a tracker ) , which causes a problem for the Swedish courts .
As for the human flesh and bones included in the decision , they are proving just as elusive .
While both individuals are appealing the decision , both deny running the site anymore , having handed it over to others .
Furthermore , Fredrik – aka TiAMO – lives in Thailand and has done for some time .
Gottfrid – aka Anakata – can be found sleeping all day and operating his computers all night in the jungles of Cambodia .
The locations of the pair clearly present a slight jurisdiction problem for the Swedish decision .
“ I am wondering if Swedish law has the power to issue a prohibition or penalty against a website in another country and my adopted acts in another country with a website that does not exist in Sweden , ” said Fredrik this week , commenting on the situation .
So , while the site is effectively banned in Sweden , it is not located in Sweden .
However , because it no longer operates a tracker of its own it is much less responsible for the infringements of others than it was before .
This potentially paves the way for the ban on the site to be lifted .
Furthermore , while the founders are banned from running the site in Sweden , they say they no longer run it .
But in any event , neither of them live in Sweden .
In the meantime , the site remains up .
Quite what the next move will be by the anti-piracy groups is open to speculation , but historically , one thing seems almost certain – The Pirate Bay will respond and refuse to be cowed .
One day it will disappear , of that there can be little doubt , but it will be at a time and a place of their choosing , not one dictated by their adversaries .
By Susan Davis
The loosely organized group made of up mostly conservative activists and independent voters that ’s come to be known as the Tea Party movement currently boasts higher favorability ratings than either the Democratic or Republican Parties , according to the latest Wall Street Journal / NBC
News poll coming out later today .
More than four in 10 , 41 % , of respondents said they had a very or somewhat favorable view of the Tea Party movement , while 24 % said they had a somewhat or very negative view of the group .
The Tea Party movement gained notoriety over the summer following a series of protests in Washington , D.C. and other cities over government spending and other U.S. economic policies .
Meanwhile , the Democratic Party , which controls both the White House and Congress , has a 35 % positive rating compared with a 45 % negative rating .
The Republican Party identifies closest to the Tea Party movement ’s ideology , but the group has also caused splits within the GOP .
Republicans currently hold a 28 % favorability rating compared with a 43 % negative one .
The full poll will be released at 6:30 p.m. EST at WSJ.com .
What else is in there ?
( Natural News )
If you 're in the beef business , what do you do with all the extra cow parts and trimmings that have traditionally been sold off for use in pet food ?
You scrape them together into a pink mass , inject them with a chemical to kill the e.coli , and sell them to fast food restaurants to make into hamburgers .
That 's what 's been happening all across the USA with beef sold to McDonald's , Burger King , school lunches and other fast food restaurants , according to a New York Times article .
The beef is injected with , a chemical commonly used in glass cleaning and window cleaning products .
This is all fine with the USDA , which endorses the procedure as a way to make the hamburger beef " safe " enough to eat .
Ammonia kills e.coli , you see , and the USDA does n't seem to be concerned with the fact that This ammonia - injected beef comes from a company called As NYT reports , the federal school lunch program used a whopping 5.5 million pounds of ammonia - injected beef trimmings from this company in 2008 .
This company reportedly developed the idea of using ammonia to sterilize beef before selling it for human consumption .
Aside from the fact that there 's ammonia in the hamburger meat , there 's another problem with this company 's products : .
Both e.coli and salmonella have been found contaminating the cow - derived products sold by this company .
This came as a shock to the USDA , which had actually exempted the company 's products from pathogen testing and product recalls .
Why was it exempted ?
Because the ammonia injection process was deemed so effective that the meat products were thought to be safe beyond any question .
As the NYT reports , " The company says its processed beef , a mashlike substance frozen into blocks or chips , is used in a majority of the hamburger sold nationwide .
But it has remained little known outside industry and government circles .
Federal officials agreed to the company 's request that the ammonia be classified as a ' processing agent ' and not an ingredient that would be listed on labels .
" Fascinating .
So you can inject a beef product with a chemical found in glass cleaning products and simply call it a " processing agent " -- with the full permission and approval of the USDA , no less !
Does anyone doubt any longer how deeply embedded the USDA is with the beef industry ?
Apparently , this practice of injecting fast food beef with ammonia has been a well - kept secret for years .
I never knew this was going on , and this news appears to be new information to virtually everyone .
The real shocker is that " a majority " of fast food restaurants use this ammonia - injected cow - derived product in their hamburger meat .
It sort of makes you wonder : " School lunch officials and other customers complained about the taste and smell of the beef , " says the NYT .
No wonder .
It 's been pumped full of chemicals .
There are already a thousand reasons not to eat fast food .
Make this reason number 1,001 .
Ammonia .
It 's not supposed to be there .
You can get the same effect by opening a can of dog food made with beef byproducts , spraying it with ammonia , and swallowing it .
That is essentially what you 're eating when you order a fast food burger .
It 's almost enough to make you want to puke .
If you do so , please aim it at your windows , because ammonia cuts through grease like nothing else , leaving your windows squeaky clean !
NY Times : ABC
News :
Marking the first step in what could be a major change in Hollywood 's relationship with Netflix Inc. , Warner Bros . has struck a deal with the fast - growing online DVD subscription service that will prevent it from offering new releases until 28 days after they go on sale .
The studio is hoping that the four - week " window " will push consumers interested in watching movies at home to purchase the DVD .
Warner already imposes an identical window on $ 1 - per - night kiosk company Redbox and its competitors .
Although its unilateral move against Redbox has led to a court battle , Netflix agreed to the 28 - day window in exchange for improved financial terms , higher inventory levels and increased access to content for its online streaming service .
As plummeting DVD sales have shrunk the bottom line of studios in recent years , they have focused on Redbox and Netflix , the two fastest - growing segments of the home entertainment market , out of concern that they are drawing consumers away from purchases .
Redbox and Netflix rentals generate the smallest profit margins for studios of any home entertainment transaction , and Blu-ray and DVD purchases are the most profitable .
" The 28 - day window allows us to continue making our most popular films available to Netflix subscribers while supporting our sell - through product , " Warner Home Video President Ron Sanders said in a statement .
In the year and a half since D.J. Bell was brutally attacked by neighbors , charges have yet to be filed against Bell 's assailants .
---
It 's unconscionable and un-American that the innocent victim of an assault could be incarcerated and dragged through the legal system while attackers manage to evade prosecution .
The most obvious explanation is that , in this case , the victim is a gay man -- and , evidently , different legal rules apply to homosexuals .
It 's hard to tell , since the prosecutors have been largely silent on the matter .
Today at 10 a.m. , activists will deliver a petition demanding that charges be brought against those who participated in the attack .
At the very least , it represents an opportunity for the County D.A. 's office to break the silence .
John Cole :
Why is it that all the people who claim to be the base turn out to be self - serving , self - promoting jackasses who have very narrow agendas and love to inform us that if the Obama administration does just what they want them to do right when they want them to do it , they will “ keep the base . ”
Otherwise , if they do n’t fulfill their agenda right then and there , they will “ lose the base . ”
And strategically , it always works out so well - see demanding the public option be put in the Senate Bill and shutting down the Snowe negotiations .
John is a friend , so I say this with genuine respect -- yes , the Democrats have a base problem .
And no , it 's not because of Ed Schultz , me , Jane Hamsher , or anyone else .
Let 's be real , we 're just not that powerful .
Daily
Kos gets about 2 million unique visitors per month , plus maybe a couple more million reading other progressive blogs .
Ed ( and Olbermann and Maddow ) probably get that many watching their shows every month .
There 's overlap , so let 's say 3 - 5 million progressives reading blogs and watching MSNBC 's prime time lineup -- a pittance compared to the 16 million or so that listen to Limbaugh every week , and the 2 - 4 million that watch Bill O'Reilly and Glenn Beck every night .
Huffington
Post is getting about 16 million unique monthly visitors these days , but 80 percent of that is entertainment , and the other 20 percent is split among business , sports , living , style , green , technology and finally politics .
Point is , our media machine is tiny .
We do n't have the power to move our base around .
And heck , we do n't even reach much of our base .
18 - 29 year - olds , a key component of the Democratic base , do n't read blogs or watch MSNBC .
Neither do African Americans or Latinos , at least in significant numbers .
Yet look at these voter intensity numbers :
In the 2010 Congressional elections will you definitely vote , probably vote , not likely vote , or definitely will not vote ?
Def / Prob Not Likely / Wo n't Dem 54 43
GOP 82 17 White 67 32
Black 26 55
Latino 38 51
18-29 38 53
As you can see , our base is demoralized and tuned out , and plan on sitting out the 2010 elections at rates that will absolutely fuck us if they do n't improve by November .
But again , African Americans , Latinos , and young voters are n't tuning out because we failed to build bipartisan concensus with Olympia Snowe , or because MSNBC or the blogs made them angry .
Making such claims is patently absurd .
They 're tuning out because we wasted 2009 " negotiating " with bad faith actors like Snowe and Mike Enzi .
The tools were available to quickly pass a health care bill , yet Democrats were too incompetent to do so .
And on issue after issue , they 've proven completely ineffective .
THAT's why the base is sitting things out .
They do n't need blogs or MSNBC to tell them that Democrats can't govern .
They already knew that Republicans do n't want to govern , but the Democrats were supposed to be different .
And they are , they want to govern , but they can't .
And the voters that worked their asses off to give Democrats the White House and super majorities in Congress are now realizing that it was all for nothing .
That all that talk about hope and change was cynical bullshit designed to motivate them .
It worked once , but that crowd is learning the art of political cynicism , and it ain't pretty .
Cole may want to lash out at prominent progressives who have tried to prod our Democratic majorities in the right direction , and they certainly offer a tempting and easy target .
But the reality is that voters demanded accomplishments , and on the big items , the Democrats have mostly failed .
They were n't hired to tinker around the edges .
They were hired to enact transformative " change " .
And while Cole and others like him might wish that progressives banded together to cheer along bullshit negotiations with Snowe and Enzi and repeated capitulations to an irrelevant minority and its corporatist allies in the Democratic Party , fact is , voters are n't that stupid .
All the neocon cheerleading in the world did n't prevent Americans from realizing that the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan had been completely botched .
Canned cheering for this health care bill would n't have saved it from similar sentiment .
Those prominent progressives have , in effect , been canaries in the coal mine -- warning of the disengagement and alienation among base voters we now see so clearly in the polling .
It would be absurd to blame those canaries for any deadly gas leaking into mine shafts .
Thanks to a lively market of third - party Web browsers , it 's not at all uncommon for Mac users to move back and forth between different browsers .
For example , I regularly switch between Apple 's Safari and Mozilla Firefox over the course of the day , using each for different tasks -- and occasionally open any of ten or so other browsers when I want to use one of the features it excels at .
Once you 've decided to use more than one browser , you can treat each one independently ( giving each distinct settings and bookmark lists ) if you prefer .
However , unless you dedicate each browser to a specific site or task ( for example , to increase your security ) , you 'll probably want to share at least some kinds of information between browsers .
Here are the top areas where you 'll want to keep your browsers in sync :
Passwords
If you let Safari remember user names and passwords for Web sites you visit ( choose Safari ->
Preferences , click AutoFill , and select the User Names And Passwords checkbox ) , it stores this information in your keychain .
Other WebKit - based browsers such as The Omni Group 's free OmniWeb ( Macworld rated 4.5 out of 5 mice ) ( and Devon Technologies ' $ 50 DevonAgent ( Macworld rated 3.5 out of 5 mice ) can then access those same credentials , and so can Camino ( even though it uses the Gecko rendering engine ) .
However , all the other Gecko - based browsers -- including Firefox and Flock ( Macworld rated 4.5 out of 5 mice ) -- store credentials independently , as does Opera 10 ( Macworld rated 4 out of 5 mice ) .
If you want a single , system - wide repository for Web site passwords that works in virtually every browser , install Agile Web Software 's $ 40 1 Password , which supports most popular browsers ( as well as the RSS reader NetNewsWire ) and also includes tools for creating strong passwords , storing secure notes , and keeping track of data such as software licenses and credit card and bank account information .
Bookmarks
Every
Web browser has some way of storing bookmarks , but ordinarily each browser maintains its own list .
Sure , you can generally export and import bookmark lists between browsers , but keeping them dynamically in sync is a pain if you do it manually .
Fortunately , several automated aids are available .
If you use only Safari , Firefox , or both , the free Xmarks software ( formerly known as Foxmarks ) syncs bookmarks not only between browsers but also between computers you own ( Mac or PC ) , and it even lets you access your bookmarks on the Web from someone else 's computer .
If you use browsers other than Safari and Firefox , one easy way to make sure every browser looks at the same list of bookmarks is to forgo built - in bookmark capabilities altogether and instead use a system - wide utility such as Celmaro 's $ 22 Webbla or Happy Apps ' $ 25 WebnoteHappy .
Both programs let you add , edit , and retrieve bookmarks from nearly any browser using either keyboard shortcuts or a bookmarklet .
Downloads
Most , but not all , browsers come preconfigured to use your main Downloads folder ( Users / yourusername / Downloads ) by default .
But you should check to make sure that each browser you use is set to store downloads in the same place ( whether or not it's the default location ) to avoid the need to remember multiple download locations and the potential to misplace files .
This setting is typically found in the browser 's preferences .
Default browser
Finally , although you can switch between browsers whenever you want , only one can be your default browser .
That means it 's the one that opens when you click a URL in another application ( such as Apple 's Preview or Mail ) .
To change the default browser , open Safari , choose Safari ->
Preferences , click on General , and choose a browser from the Default Web Browser pop-up menu .
Joe Kissell is the senior editor of TidBits and the author of numerous e-books about OS X .
This story , " Working With Multiple Browsers " was originally published by Macworld .
Majid served as Saddam Hussein 's defence minister Ali Hassan al - Majid , a former Iraqi official known as Chemical Ali , has been sentenced to death for ordering the gassing of Kurds .
It is the fourth time that Majid , an enforcer in Saddam Hussein 's regime , has been sentenced to death .
He has also been convicted of the killings of Shia Muslims in 1991 and 1999 and for his role in a campaign of genocide against Kurds in the 1980s .
His latest sentence is for a gas attack on the Kurdish town of Halabja in 1988 .
It is believed that 5,000 people died in the attack , most of them women and children .
Iraqi jets swooped over Halabja and for five hours sprayed it with a lethal cocktail of mustard gas and the nerve agents Tabun , Sarin and VX .
Majid was a cousin of Saddam Hussein , and earned his nickname after his use of poison gas .
HALABJA ATTACK 1988 16 March : Kurdish town of Halabja hit by gas attack Iraqi aircraft drop mustard and nerve gas bombs
About 5,000 people killed , mostly women and children Part of wider " Anfal " campaign against Kurds Happened near end of Iran - Iraq War Survivors cancer - prone , birth defects common
A survivor 's story Halabja survivors seek justice The Al - Iraqiya channel said Majid would be killed by hanging .
The Iraqi High Tribunal also sentenced former defence minister Sultan Hashem to 15 years in prison for the Halabja attack , a court official said , quoted by Reuters .
The BBC's Jim Muir , in Baghdad , says that for Kurds , Halabja is the single most traumatic atrocity they suffered during Saddam Hussein 's long campaign against them in the 1980s and they had wanted Majid to face justice for it .
It is believed Iraqi authorities will now want Majid executed without delay .
However , he does have the right of appeal , our correspondent adds .
Majid was captured in August 2003 , five months after US forces invaded Iraq .
He was sentenced to hang in June 2007 for his role in a military campaign against ethnic Kurds , codenamed Anfal , that lasted from February to August of 1988 .
In December 2008 he also received a death sentence for his role in crushing a Shia revolt after the 1991 Gulf War .
In March 2009 he was sentenced to death , along with others , for the 1999 killings of Shia Muslims in the Sadr City district of Baghdad .
The Iraqi High Tribunal was set up to try former members of Saddam Hussein 's mainly Sunni government and was the same one that sentenced the former president to death .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Clojure OpenCV Detecting Movement
I have been experimenting with OpenCV to use webcam as a control device .
I 've put together a sample application which uses difference between frames to detect movement and perform collision detection with objects on the screen .
Looks like HTML5 Video tag did not work you can download the video here .
( ns movement - detect ( :import ( javax.swing JFrame JLabel Timer ) ( java.awt.event ActionListener KeyAdapter ) ( java.awt Canvas Image Color BasicStroke ) ( java.awt.image MemoryImageSource ) ( hypermedia.video OpenCV ) ) ) ( def frame - rate ( int 1000/30 ) ) ( def width 640 ) ( def height 480 ) ( def circle - radius 100 ) ( defn create - circle [ ] ( let [x ( rand -int ( - width circle - radius ) ) y ( rand-int ( - height circle - radius ) ) ] { :x x :y y : area ( for [y ( range y (+ y circle - radius ) ) x ( range x (+ x circle - radius ) ) ] [ x y ] ) } ) )
Since we will be moving circles around the screen , we begin by defining a circle , x and y represent the upper left corner of the circle , area contains a list of coordinates that circle occupies on the screen .
( defn vision [ ] ( doto ( OpenCV . ) ( . capture width height ) ) ) ( defn capture - image [ vis ] ( .read vis ) ( let [ raw ( . pixels vis ) ] ( doto vis ( .absDiff ) ( . convert OpenCV / GRAY ) ( .blur OpenCV / BLUR 3 ) ( .threshold 20 ) ( .remember ) ) { :raw raw : diff ( . pixels vis ) } ) )
We capture a frame from the camera , save a copy of the image as raw , calculate the difference between the current image and the previous one , keeping only parts of the image where there is movement , convert it to grey scale and apply blur on it to remove camera noise , after running it through the threshold filter resulting image will contain white where there is movement black everywhere else .
( defn white - pixel - count [ circle pixels ] ( reduce ( fn [ h v ] ( let [x ( first v ) y ( second v ) pix ( nth pixels (+ x (* y width ) ) ) blue ( bit - and pix 0x000000 ff ) ] ( if ( = blue 255 ) ( inc h ) h ) ) ) 0 ( : area circle ) ) ) ( defn collision ?
[ circle pixels ] ( let [ white ( white - pixel - count circle pixels ) ] ( cond ( zero? white ) false (> (/ 1 ( / ( count ( : area circle ) ) white ) ) 0.2 ) true : else false ) ) )
Detecting collision works by counting the number of white pixels under the circle , if more than 20 % of the pixels under the circle contains white , it indicates movement .
( defn validate - circles [ circles pixels ] ( reduce ( fn [ h c ] ( if ( collision ? c pixels ) ( conj h ( create - circle ) ) ( conj h c ) ) ) [ ] @circles ) ) ( defn capture - action [ vis panel image circles ] ( proxy [ ActionListener ] [ ] ( actionPerformed [ e ] ( let [ capture ( capture - image vis ) ] ( dosync ( ref - set image capture ) ( ref - set circles ( validate - circles circles ( : diff capture ) ) ) ) ) ( .repaint panel ) ) ) )
With every tick of the timer , we 'll iterate over the circles on the screen , checking for collision , if there is collision replace that circle with a new one and repaint the panel to reflect changes .
This covers the meat of the code , I have skipped some boiler plate code such as setting up OpenCV or building images which I already covered here .
If you end up making anything cool with it , please leave a comment with a link .
I 'd love to see it .
WASHINGTON  Advocates of more aggressive steps to address the national debt failed Tuesday in their effort to create a bipartisan commission to press for tax increases and spending cuts , but President Obama now plans to establish a similar panel by executive order in his State of the Union address on Wednesday .
The proposal for a commission died when its supporters could not muster enough votes in the Senate to push it ahead , reflecting unwillingness among many Republicans to back any move toward tax increases and objections among Democrats to the prospect of deep spending cuts in Medicare and Medicaid .
While 53 senators voted for the plan and 46 against , it needed 60 votes to be approved under Senate rules .
The alternative panel to be established by Mr. Obama will also come up with recommendations by December to reduce annual budget deficits and slow or reverse the growth of the national debt .
But unlike the commission proposal killed by the Senate , Mr. Obama ’s executive order could not force Congress to vote on a commission ’s suggestions .
The debate was just the latest demonstration of the intensity of the election - year fight shaping up over the nation ’s rising debt and its causes and solutions .
We need a lot of help collecting data for the new www.kde.org that is being worked on and you can help !
It is pretty easy but a lot to do .
The more people help the better .
What needs to be done ?
Just find some simple data about KDE ’s programs following a template and putting them on a wiki .
We also need screenshots .
The community wiki has more details .
It does n’t matter if you do n’t know all the data for a certain program .
Fill in as much as you know .
Everything helps .
If you have questions come to #kde - www on freenode or drop me an email at lydia at kde org .
Everyone who completes at least two programs gets hugs from me 😀
It should all be done next weekend so get cracking ! 🙂
This is the entry for Parley as an example :
The closing months of 2009 saw the beginning of an unfortunate legal dispute in which a trademark owner , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , ran to court to punish political activists for using its marks in a political parody .
Sadly , less than a week into 2010 , another trademark owner , Peabody Energy , is also using legal threats to attempt to silence criticism .
Peabody is one of a group of coal companies that has formed a Consortium for Clean Coal Utilization ( CCCU ) with Washington University , ostensibly to research “ clean coal ” methods -- much to the consternation of students and environmental activists who view “ clean coal ” as an oxymoron .
One of those activists , Brian DeSmet , created a website spoofing the CCCU ’s official site .
To give a flavor of the spoof : the official site declared that CCCU 's mission is to “ be a resource to industry for the advancement of technologies that foster clean utilization of coal by creating an international partnership between universities , industries , foundations , and government organizations ; ” the spoof site declares that CCCU 's goal is to “ be a public relations tool for industry for the advancement of misinformation intended to manipulate the public to believe that clean utilization of coal is possible by hijacking the credibility of universities , industries , foundations , and government organizations . ”
The spoof site identified consortium members by name and , reasonably enough , included the members ’ corporate logos .
Peabody was not amused , and sent an after - hours cease and desist letter demanding that Mr. DeSmet shut the site down by the next morning , insisting that use of logos and even references to Peabody amounted to not only trademark infringement and dilution but also defamation , product disparagement , and even unfair competition .
Hoping to put a quick end to the threat , Mr. DeSmet voluntarily removed the logos and added a disclaimer , but Peabody continues to insist that it has veto power over the look and feel of the critical site .
Nonsense .
As EFF has explained to Peabody at length , the spoof site is just that — a clearly parodic website that uses some of the target 's trademarks as a necessary part of the parody .
As such , it is protected by trademark fair use doctrine and the First Amendment .
Moreover , the site is entirely noncommercial ; it neither offers for sale nor even links to advertising for any goods or services .
Several courts have held that noncommercial uses are exempt from federal trademark infringement claims ( and they are statutorily exempt from dilution claims ) .
This shameless takedown is one for the books , and you can look forward to seeing it in EFF 's Takedown Hall of Shame soon .
As trademark expert Professor J. Thomas McCarthy observes :
some mark owners are hyper - sensitive to . . . humorous and sometimes caustic criticism .
Perhaps it is because many top executives in large companies are not used to being mocked and made fun of .
Therefore , they are ready , willing and able to unleash the dogs of litigation against anyone who makes fun of the symbol of their company .
But the more successful and famous a company and its products becomes , the more likely it will become a societal symbol of something .
. . .
A certain toughening of the hide may be a more effective response than asking the courts to silence the clowning critic .
6 McCarthy on Trademarks and Unfair Competition § 31:153 .
Hear , hear .
It ’s time for hyper - sensitive trademark owners to finally learn that the best response to critical speech is more speech , not legal threats .
Using bogus trademark claims to threaten critics does n’t persuade anyone .
Instead , it simply makes the public wonder why you ca n’t take a joke .
I am going to vent for a moment about Tumblr .
I think it 's a great site , but it drives me nuts that there is n't a good way to know the original source of the images ( unless there is and I do n't know about it ?
Help a lady out ) .
The above image came up for me on multiple Tumblr feeds that I subscribe to .
I clicked and clicked and clicked , following its digi-trail , trying desperately to figure out who painted it , but to no avail .
This happens to me several times a month - falling in love with something that 's been " tumbled " without any caption .
Anyway , does anyone know who created this ocular beauty ?
It is heavenly , and I 'm sure the artist would like proper credit .
Google search is getting eyes and ears , moving beyond typed key words to let people scour the Internet with mobile telephone cameras or spoken words in multiple languages .
Google on Monday unveiled “ Goggles ” software that lets people search online using pictures taken with cameras in mobile phones based on its Android operating system .
“ When you take a mobile phone camera and connect it to the Internet , it becomes an eye , ” Google mobile search vice president of engineering Vic Gundotra said while demonstrating Goggles in Mountain View , California .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Google Goggles lets you take a picture of an item and use the picture as the query . ”
An experimental version of Goggles will be available for people at Google Labs website .
Goggles already recognizes books , wine labels , CD covers , landmarks and more , according to Gundotra .
He demonstrated by taking a picture of a wine bottle label with a smart phone and almost instantly getting reviews , pictures and other Internet data about the vintage in a Google search results Web page .
“ It is our goal to visually identify any image , ” Gundotra said .
“ It is in Google Labs because of the nascent nature of computer vision .
In the future , you will be able to point ( a camera phone ) and we will be able to treat it as a mouse pointer for the real world . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Google on Monday also added Japanese to a voice - based search service first rolled out about a year ago .
People can now speak Google search subjects into smart phones in English , Mandarin , or Japanese .
“ In addition to voice search , Google has huge investments in translation , ” Gundotra said .
“ Our goal at Google is nothing less than being able to search in all major languages of the world . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The California Internet colossus is aiming to deliver a translation service to mobile telephones some time in 2010 , according to Gundotra .
People will be able to speak into a mobile telephone to have sentences translated into other languages and delivered back quickly in text and audio forms , Gundotra said while demonstrating an early version of the service .
ADVERTISEMENT
He also showed a “ near me now ” feature that uses global positioning capabilities in Android - based smart phones to customize map results to show shops , attractions , restaurants or other offerings that are in easy reach .
“ In the future , there will be many different ways of searching , ” said Marissa Mayer , Google ’s vice president of search products and user experience .
“ We really foresee a world where you can search and find your answer where ever it exists and whatever language it is in . ”
US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates was hoping to use his visit to Pakistan as a chance to shore up a fraying alliance and , as every other top American official visiting the nation has , a chance to pressure the nation to embark on even more offensives .
But Secretary Gates left disappointed after unusually pointed comments from the Pakistani military , ruling out new wars in its tribal regions for at least the next 6 - 12 months .
“ The Pakistan army is overstretched and it is not in a position to open any new fronts , ” noted Army spokesman Maj .
Gen. Athar Abbas .
Pakistan has committed some 200,000 troops to the current clashes at America ’s behest , and is still fighting a massive offensive in South Waziristan as well as lingering unrest in and around the Swat Valley .
Gates does not appear to have completely given up , however , dangling the prospect of finally offering drones to the Pakistani military , something they have long sought , as a way of “ improving ” ties between the two nations .
Gazing back at the decade soon to turn to ash in history ’s eternally busy hearth , determined to identify the entity most crucial to the era ’s unique literary character , my first inclination was to paraphrase Horace Greeley :
Go tech , young woman .
Introduced in 2007 by Amazon , Kindle is the first e-book wireless delivery device to catch on in a major way .
Now it has been joined by Nook ( e- books seem destined to be christened with names that sound like forest nymphs ) , with other competitors already present or on the way , but Kindle is the first electronic book device that readers seem to have really taken to heart -- and to the airport , the train station , the bus stop , the bedside table , the old swimmin’ hole .
That has initiated a huge tectonic shift within the publishing industry , one bound to shake up how authors get paid and how publishing companies and booksellers make money .
But technology , which seems to be the obvious choice , is almost always a cop -out for critics .
As easy as it is to point to a new gizmo as the colossus in any field -- MP3 players in music , Blu-ray discs in movies , HDTV and TiVo in TV , the Internet in everything -- it ’s misleading .
Because in the end , what matters is what ’s delivered by the doodads : the music , films , TV shows and books .
The stories .
The goods .
Advertisement
So forget Kindle .
What transformed literary culture in 2000 - 09 was “ The Corrections ” ( 2001 ) by Jonathan Franzen -- not only the book , which is a big , gorgeous , strapping 19th century novel smuggled into the 21st , and a Midwestern novel to boot , but also the story behind the story .
It was selected by Oprah Winfrey for her book club .
Franzen was less than thrilled about the honor -- previous Winfrey books struck him as dreadfully down - market and plebeian -- which led to a mini-dust - up with Winfrey and a sudden spotlight on a dirty little truth : Literature is the last refuge of the snob .
Most of us thought , in our infinite ignorance , that readers are readers , and the more readers , the better .
But not Franzen :
He wanted only certain kinds of readers .
Winfrey ’s book club began in 1996 , but it was the Franzen episode that put it on the map .
Yes , her imprimatur made a huge difference in a book ’s sales from the get - go , but “ The Corrections ” -- the intricate , beautifully written story of the slow , tottering fall of a Midwestern family -- made her book club controversial , and in the United States , nothing is truly important until it has started a few arguments .
The first decade of the 21st century revealed two things to the literary world : the power of a TV talk - show host to shape our collective taste in books , and the rudeness of a self - important author when that taste happened to include his work .
( Never mind that Winfrey also favored William Faulkner , Toni Morrison and John Steinbeck ; she was still too lowbrow for Franzen . )
Advertisement
There were other interesting trends in the last 10 years : the fake memoir , the zombie craze , the rise of the graphic novel as a legitimate literary form .
But to me , nothing quite matched the recognition that unfolded throughout the decade of the astonishing cultural force of Winfrey ’s book club -- when she ends her show , that will be the biggest loss by far -- and how some authors , no matter how sophisticated they think they are , lack the grace and good manners to say thank you for the most exquisite gift of all : readers .
Keller is cultural critic at the Chicago Tribune .
Scott Brown , the Republican candidate for Senate , has run an aggressive , surprising campaign in Massachusetts , injecting fear into the Democratic machine over what was expected to be an easy victory .
A charismatic and conservative voice , Mr. Brown has capitalized on voters ’ disaffection with the status quo , lashing out against high taxes and government spending .
Campaigning as vigorously as he trains for triathalons , Mr. Brown and his physique caused a stir when Cosmopolitan , on its Web site , reprised a 1982 centerfold that featured him nearly naked as America ’s Sexiest Man .
Mr. Brown was a law student then , well before he began his political climb from town assessor in Wrentham , Mass. , to town selectman , and then , in 1998 , to state representative .
Mr. Brown has been a state senator since 2004 , and in his United States Senate campaign , which he announced in September , he has been especially vocal about health care .
Mr. Brown has promised to be the 41st vote against the health care bill , which could be a damaging blow for the legislation after months of protracted debate .
He has said that Massachusetts has already addressed coverage needs in the state ’s 2006 legislation , and has criticized a federal bill as too costly .
NEW YORK -- Citibank is suspending foreclosures and evictions for 30 days , until after the holidays .
Mighty white of them .
Who knew bankers could be so amusing ?
In an interview , Citi mortgage czar Sanjiv Das acknowledged that " moratoriums are not permanent solutions " and said his company was looking for " some long - term fundamental alternatives " to throwing people out of their homes because they 've fallen behind on their payments .
But he did n't offer a specific example .
Here , allow me .
There 's one " long - term fundamental alternative " that 's righteous , makes sense , and legal : Let 's foreclose on the banks .
It 's time for the U.S. government to show Mr. Das and his buddies down at the country club who is the boss .
Seriously .
Yes we can .
But first , let 's go back to February 2009 .
Ah , February : a new president , hope and change in the air .
Especially for bankers .
President Obama 's TARP program doled out hundreds of billions of federal taxdollars to gangster capitalists like Citibank and Bank of America , which get off on charging $ 4 for using ATMs and 29.99 percent interest in credit cards .
The big banks were supposed to use TARP cash to buy back " toxic assets " backed by home loans to distressed homeowners , thus loosening the mortgage credit market .
In fact , The Los Angeles Times reported a few days ago , " The fund has done little to address that problem directly . "
Instead , the feds bought bank stock at over - market prices .
In exchange for those bailouts , the banks were expected to free up credit .
They did n't .
They have n't .
Instead , they gave obscene raises to their already overpaid executives .
They remodeled their plush offices .
Now their loan officers are sitting on their hands , laughing all the way to their own banks .
There 's still money in the U.S. economy .
But it 's not moving around -- and extreme lack of liquidity is the definition of a Depression with no end in sight .
As anyone who runs a small business can attest , the same dirtbag bankers who were lending to anyone and everyone two years ago have suddenly become tightwad tight - asses .
Consumers with high credit ratings have seen their credit limits slashed .
Banks are even refusing to refinance high - interest home loans at today 's rates , reasoning that lower property values have reduced the value of their collateral -- thus ensuring still more foreclosures in 2010 .
Because the Obama Administration did n't pressure them , the banks stonewalled the president 's $ 75 billion loan modification program , which was supposed to reduce payments for the approximately ten million Americans who face foreclosure .
JPMorganChase , for example , blew off or rejected 85 percent of homeowners who asked them for help .
That 's better than Citibank , which enrolled 100,000 distressed homeowners in the program but only managed to actually modify loans to 270 .
And it 's a lot better than Bank of America , bringing up the rear with a pathetic whopping 98 modifications out of the 160,000 borrowers who signed up as of the end of November .
More lowlights :
· One out of seven American homeowners will probably lose their homes by the end of 2010 .
· Only 4.7 percent of distressed homeowners who enrolled in the modification plan have gotten any help .
· Out of Obama 's $ 75 billion program , only $ 2.3 million has been spent -- or 0.03 percent .
Obama 's performance on the foreclosure crisis -- along with unemployment , the biggest problem America faces -- makes Bush 's laissez faire approach to Hurricane Katrina look caring and loving in comparison .
If ever there were a cause for impeachment , look no further .
No doubt recognizing political peril , Obama is now attempting to jawbone the banks into doing the right thing , even calling banking CEOs " fat cats " on " 60 Minutes . "
Whatever .
" America 's banks received extraordinary assistance from American taxpayers to rebuild their industry , " Obama said after meeting with banking executives .
" Now that they 're back on their feet , we expect an extraordinary commitment from them to help rebuild our economy . "
But there were no teeth in his demand -- just a polite pretty - please with a trillion - dollar - plus bailout on top .
But that 's Obama 's choice .
If he wanted , he could foreclose on the banks -- and personally give millions of desperate homeowners the best Christmas ever .
Here 's how .
True , the Treasury Department did n't receive any written assurances from the banks that they would start lending again when they collected their bailout loot back in February .
But as Obama recalled in the above quote , it was widely understood at the time that the federal government expected looser credit markets in exchange for the bailout .
There were thousands of reports in the media to this effect , hundreds of statements by government officials , and -- no doubt -- dozens of discussions between government and bank lawyers to this effect .
No one was confused .
Everyone got it at the time .
Obviously Obama should have gotten it in writing .
But the bailout - for - credit quid pro quo was a widely witnessed oral contract .
And oral contracts are just as legally binding as written ones .
The classic example of an oral contract is two roommates who agree to share an apartment .
The lease may be in the name of one person , but the non-leaseholder may not skip out on the rent .
But the stakes can be bigger .
Pennzoil made a handshake deal -- no contract -- to buy Getty Oil in 1984 but then reneged in favor of another suitor , Texaco .
Pennzoil sued and won $ 11.1 billion in damages .
The United States government could , and should , sue Citibank , Bank of America , JPMorganChase and other defaulting miscreants for breach of contract .
With one out of seven Americans having been foreclosed upon by one of these institutions , it would be difficult to imagine any jury finding them not guilty .
Mercy , after all , was n't something these banks showed their victims .
Since damages would likely exceed the defendants ' ability to pay , the U.S. could then seize the banks .
The newly nationalized banks , owned by we the people , could reduce or cancel outstanding mortgages to the unemployed , sick and other worthies .
They could increase credit lines and start making loans again -- you know , do what they promised to do .
It would n't necessarily get us out of the Depression .
But it would be a beginning .
Foreclose on the banks !
It 's fair .
It 's smart .
And it 's long overdue .
_______
About author Ted Rall is the author of " Ted Rall is the author of " The Anti-American Manifesto . "
His website is tedrall.com
As noted in two rec list diaries by bernardpliers and D Wreck ( update : and Julie Gulden ) , President Obama today spent 90 minutes taking questions from the House GOP Conference in Baltimore , Maryland .
The bad news for the GOP is that President Obama not only took their tough questions , but he answered them -- and he was tough , forcing the GOP to confront the facts instead of their make - believe Fox News reality .
In fact , to get a sense of just how effective President Obama was , Fox " News " cut off the Q&A session before it ended ( CNN and MSNBC both carried the full event live ) .
You can view the full video here , but if you just want a taste of what it was like , check out this portion of President Obama 's response to a question from Mike Pence , in which President Obama calls out Republicans who on the one hand condemn the stimulus but on the other " appear at ribbon cuttings for the same projects that you voted against . "
Watch :
President Obama 's tone was calm , reasoned , and respectful -- but he did not give an inch , and did not let Republican lies go without challenging them .
It was really quite extraordinary .
New York State ’s courts are closing the year with 4.7 million cases  the highest tally ever  and new statistics suggest that courtrooms are now seeing the delayed result of the country ’s economic collapse .
The Great Recession may be showing signs of easing , but the legal fallout from the financial troubles , the numbers suggest , may have only just begun .
And the increase in New York offers a preview of the recession - related cases showing up in courts across the nation .
New York ’s judges are wading into these types of cases by the tens of thousands , according to the new statistics , cases involving not only bad debts and soured deals , but also filings that are indirect but still jarring measures of economic stresses , like charges of violence in families torn apart by lost jobs and homes in jeopardy .
Contract disputes statewide in 2009 are projected to be up 9 percent from the year before .
Statewide home foreclosure filings increased 17 percent , to 48,127 filings .
Cases involving charges like assault by family members were up 18 percent statewide .
While serious crime remains low , misdemeanor charges in New York City were up 7 percent and lesser violations were up 18 percent in 2009 .
Southern Sudan army said today that disarmament operations are taking place since four days ago in Central Equatoria state where some 592 gun are collected till now .
The region witnessed recently bloody tribal clashes between the Mundari ethnic group in Central Equatoria and Dinka ethnic group from Jonglei and Lacks states .
Only from October to November this year over two hundred people were killed during tribal clashes involving Mundari youth .
Since December 12 , Sudan People ’s Liberation Army forces from “ the 7th Infantry Brigade of the SPLA 2nd Infantry Division deployed in Greater Equatoria , are now operating in Terkeka County ” said a press statement put out by the SPLA spokesperson Maj.
Gen. Kuol Deim Kuol .
The News :
http://www.sudantrib … pip.php?article33490
This library provides Haskell bindings to zeromq ( http://zeromq.org).
· Current status Version 0.1 - This software currently has * alpha * status , i.e. it had only seen very limited testing and changes to its API might happen .
This software was developed and tested on Linux 2.6.31 with GHC - 6.12.1 using the current git HEAD of zeromq2 ( http://github.com/sustrik/zeromq2).
· Installation
As usual for Haskell packages this software is installed best via Cabal ( http://www.haskell.org/cabal).
In addition to GHC it depends on 0 MQ of course .
· Usage
The API mostly follows 0 MQ's .
Public functions are : - init - term - socket - close - setOption - subscribe - unsubscribe - bind - connect - send - flush - receive - poll
One difference to 0 MQ's API is that sockets are parameterized types , i.e. there is not one socket type but when creating a socket the desired socket type has to be specified , e.g. ' P2P ' and the resulting socket is of type ' Socket P2P ' .
This additional type information is used to ensure that only options applicable to the socket type can be set , hence ZMQ_SUBSCRIBE and ZMQ_UNSUBSCRIBE which only apply to ZMQ_SUB sockets have their own functions ( ' subscribe ' and ' unsubscribe ' ) which can only be used with sockets of type ' Socket Sub ' .
Other differences are mostly for convenience .
Also one does not deal directly with 0 MQ messages , instead these are created internally as needed .
· Examples
The test folder contains some simple tests mostly mimicking the ones that come with 0MQ .
· Bugs
If you find any bugs or other shortcomings I would greatly appreciate a bug report , preferably via http://github.com/twittner/zeromq-haskell/issues or e-mail to toralf.wittner@gmail.com
" I absolutely LOVE Highcharts & maps , very cool !
We use it for a web metrics dashboard , which is shared with internal marketing stakeholders .
The tool is brilliant and the API documentation is super - helpful .
I set up some basic , manual reports using Highcharts back in August 2014 , and since then we make a JSON request to Adobe Analytics and pass the data back to HighCharts .
It works really well !
The API and the chart demos meant I could get up and running very , very quickly . "
Ask the Sharks : Murray 's Answers by Alison High / San Jose Sharks
On Saturday night against Edmonton , Sharks defenseman Douglas Murray scored the game - winning goal --- his second tally of the season --- and sealed the Sharks eighth - straight victory .
It was a fitting way to end an epic week for the 29 - year - old who was named to the Swedish Olympic Team only six days prior .
SJSHARKS.com caught up with the hard hitting native of Bromma Sweden and spoke with him about his preseason hat trick , his lifestyle and his favorite home cooked meals .
The 6 - foot - 3 , 240 pound defenseman had some funny stories to tell us while answering questions that were submitted by Sharks fans .
Check out his answers to your best questions in the following segment of " Ask the Sharks . "
1.As a defenseman what did you work on the most to get your game up to the level it is today and what do you work on to maintain that level of play ?
For me , to get to this level , it really was my skating .
After that , you try to get better at everything ; at all different areas of the game .
Whatever your weaknesses are , in this League , they 'll expose you .
It 's really your overall game that you 've got to work on .
2. Who has helped you the most as you came into the NHL and found a permanent spot on the Sharks roster ?
I actually think ( former Sharks coach ) Rob Zettler .
I sat out of a lot of games as a healthy scratch my first two or three years .
He had me there after each practice working on different things , especially skating .
So as far as when I got to the Sharks and then got a permanent spot , I 'd have to say it was Rob because of all of his help with my skating .
But that 's a tough question to answer because so many people have made a difference in my career .
3.How did it feel to get your first hat - trick with the Sharks during the preseason ?
I was almost more embarrassed than happy about it ( laughs ) .
I have n't scored many regular season goals so there were a lot of jokes going around there for awhile .
Obviously it was a lot of fun , but I 'd like to get it at a more important time than the preseason .
They actually made a little trophy --- we get little trophies for different things and when you score a milestone goal and get hat tricks --- usually you do n't get them for preseason , but they said that it will probably never happen again so they made one for me with the pucks .
4. Have you lost any teeth playing hockey ?
No .
Only chipped teeth actually .
I 've knocked out other people 's teeth though .
5 . Have you ever had boxing lessons ?
No .
Well , actually this summer I had a little bit as part of my training .
But I really have n't gotten to use it this year .
6 . What 's your favorite home cooked meal ?
Wow .
That is so tough .
I 'm probably going to have to go with --- there are so many !
Honestly , I 've got a ton of home cooked meals .
Right now I 'm going to have to go with wallen bergare .
It 's a little bit tough to explain .
It 's very finely ground veal that 's made into patties with spices and stuff like that .
It 's served with mashed potatoes , peas and gravy .
It 's a very homey and delicious meal .
My mom makes a fabulous one , but usually my younger brother makes it .
7. Do you have any special plans for your upcoming 30th birthday ?
Those plans have been in the works for a long time .
There will probably be a gathering for friends and family in Sweden in the summertime .
It will be sometime in July .
The way I like to do it , it would be tough to do during the season .
8. Were you a bully when you were little ?
No I really was n't .
I was pretty nice .
I was more helpful for people against bullies .
I think it was that --- especially growing up in school --- my older brother was a bully so nobody would touch me .
I think I got one snowball thrown at me in first grade and that guy had to answer to my older brother who was in third grade at the time .
And since then no one has touched me .
It was the same way later in school .
You get initiated when you start seventh grade and you get thrown in the lake with your clothes on .
So my brother was two years old than me and when they tried to do it to him , it did n't work too well .
So the rumors came around and when I was in seventh grade they did n't do it to me .
I almost felt left out .
9 . What is it like being named to the Swedish Olympic Team ?
Right now I try not to think about it a lot .
I 'm trying to stay focused on San Jose .
Honestly , I do n't know if it has really sunk in yet .
When you first find out , you get very excited --- it 's been a dream since I was a little kid .
I get more excited every time someone talks about it , but I 'm trying to not look too far ahead and just focus on now .
Obviously this is my job and this is what counts right now .
I 've got to be on top of my game with the Sharks .
I think it will really hit me hard once I arrive in Vancouver .
View Less
As many readers have pointed out , CNBC 's Diana Olick is out with some pretty damning news of a new form of pervasive homeowner fraud , this time conducted in complicity of the very banks that yesterday were swearing up and down the FCIC hearings that they hear , see and speak no evil .
Maybe such hearings should become a weekly spectacle as they now represent the only expression of Main Street 's excess and growing anger , yet pushed far enough and the imminent revolt will surely become a reality .
A few more incidents like this , uncovered by America 's unbought journalists , may be all the straws needed to break a few CEO 's backs .
At least the bankers will have a few hundred billion in bonuses and some Textron private jets to help with their head start to non-extradition treaty countries .
Back to Ms. Olick 's article :
In order for a short sale with two loans to happen , the second lien holder has to drop the lien .
If they do n't , and there 's no short sale , the home goes to foreclosure and the first lien holder gets the house because second liens are subordinated debt to the primary loan .
In short , the second lien holder gets nothing .
In order to get the second lien holder to drop the lien , the first lien holder generally negotiates some partial payment to the second lien holder .
The second lien holder does n't have to agree , but more and more are doing so .
As Diana points out , there is nothing illegal with this set up .
Where there is illegality , however , is in the following situation :
Since many second lien holders are getting very little , they are now allegedly requesting money on the side from either real estate agents or the buyers in the short sale .
When I say " on the side , " I mean in cash , off the HUD settlement statements , so the first lien holder does n't see it .
" They are pretty clear and pretty upfront about the fact that if the first lender knows they are getting paid , the first lender will kill the short sale , " says Brandt .
" So these second lenders are asking for the payments off the closing documents , off the HUD statement , usually in a cashiers check prior to closing .
Once they receive that payment , they will allow the short sale to go through , which according to RESPA laws and the lawyers that we have spoken to on the topic is not legal . "
Most agents would n't go on the record with me , for fear of retribution by the banks with whom they have to work every day .
But one agent , Kayte Gentry , of Keller Williams Integrity First Realty , was brave enough to blow the whistle .
" I think it 's wrong , and I think somebody needs to hold them accountable , and every time I lose a house in foreclosure because of this , it hurts my client , " says Gentry matter - of - factly .
" Aside from being illegal and a violation of RESPA , it 's immoral and truly it 's just sad for the client that it 's hurting . "
The next time Jamie Dimon is discussing his record quarterly earnings , maybe he can distinguish between how much of his profit was legal and illegal : at this point it is all becoming a blur :
" The big banks that have recently made this request , specifically payments outside of the closing statement have been Citi Mortgage and JP Morgan Chase . "
JP Morgan Chase simply answered , " No Comment , " when I relayed the charge to their media representative .
Bank of America denied the practice to CNBC in a written statement :
" Bank of America enforces a policy that all disbursements are documented on the settlement statement for short sales .
When we are servicing a first mortgage with a second lien held by another investor , if the second lien holder asks for off - HUD payments , we will not approve the transaction ( if we have knowledge of it ) .
It is also against Bank of America ’s policy to accept off - HUD payments on its second liens . "
Citi 's reply was a bit more complicated :
“ We work very hard to help distressed homeowners find solutions for their financial challenges .
In our attempt to amicably resolve the debt , we will generally negotiate a reduced settlement with the homeowner in order to release a second lien .
Unlike some lenders who refuse to reduce the payoffs on second liens , we choose to reduce the payoff amounts in some situations to assist the borrower .
We do not provide instructions to settlement agents on how to fill out the settlement statement or any other closing documents , and we certainly do not require settlement agents or any other parties to violate applicable laws . "
" When we confront the lenders and tell them that this request is illegal and a violation of RESPA , they tell us it 's been cleared through legal and they do n't care .
Do it anyway , " charges Gentry .
And the smoking gun that apparently nobody in the regulatory enforcement arm of the entire U.S. of A. seems to care about :
I personally heard a recording of a phone conversation between a short sale real estate agent and a second lien lender , during which the second lien lender clearly asked for cash outside of the settlement and threatened to kill the deal without it .
The real estate agent was rightly concerned and reluctant ( the recording was given to me by Brandt who got it from the agent .
The agent would provide no information on the lender , for fear of retribution ) :
AGENT : Well yes , I do n’t want to lose my license , go to jail , I mean , I have to sign …
LENDER : You 're not going to lose your license - we have plenty of realtors who do this , who actually understand how this whole process goes - and they realize that OK , if I want to get this done , this will take place . "
I contacted the Treasury Department , HUD , FINCEN ( Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ) and the Federal Trade Commission , and none of their representatives could tell me of any active investigation into this .
The folks at HUD said they'd be very interested to see my story .
The problem with vigilante justice is that if the proper channels that are supposed to maintain legality and order in transactions of this nature fail , then people will , sooner or later , decide to take matters into their own hands .
The amount of criminality from Wall Street was at least marginal , and involved very complex financial products : if you tried explaining it to Joe Sixpack , they would drift off by the second sentence .
However , crimes of this nature are much simpler , and easier to fathom by just about all 300 million Americans who are certainly not big fans of Wall Street .
At this point the financial oligarchy is really playing with fire .
For their own sake , we hope they take control of some of this rampant illegal activity that has seemingly gripped every aspect of our lives , with the very blessing of the TBTF , who only exist courtesy of taxpayer generosity .
And if the SEC , Treasury Dept , HUD , FINCEN , FTC , and whoever else merely pretends to uphold the law , are unable to do anything about increasingly more glaring crimes conducted by the " select few " , the time before Main Street finally arises and decides to provide its own version of vigilante justice , will not be too far off .
( Newser ) – Indulging its neo-colonial ambitions , the US used a “ tectonic weapon ” to set off the 7.0 - magnitude earthquake that rocked Haiti — which American troops have since occupied .
That ’s the contention of noted fly - in - America ’s - ointment Hugo Chavez .
After urging the US to “ stop playing God , ” but not revealing any sources , Venezuela ’s president added that the military plans to use the weapon next on Iran .
( Read more Haiti earthquake stories . )
Gifted education outrages
[ This is my column for the Local Living section of Jan. 7 , 2010 ]
My Dec. 10 column about that troublesome Washington area gifted child , future billionaire Warren Buffett , said our schools are never going to help such kids much .
I said the gifted designation was often arbitrary and should be disposed of .
Instead , we ought to find ways to let all kids explore their talents .
This produced a flood of comments on my blog .
Many readers thought I was callous and daft .
“ Unfortunately , eliminating the label generally means that the schools give up doing anything for advanced learners , ” wrote a reader signing in as EduCrazy .
Another commenter , CrimsonWife , said “ if educators are fine with giving special attention and services to kids who are far out of the mainstream on the low end of the spectrum , why is it so controversial to provide specialized services to kids who are far out of the mainstream on the high end ? ”
But some wondered if there might be promising alternatives .
“ When schools fail to challenge our most capable learners , what they learn is that effort is not required , ” said mom22 .
“ Unless , of course , some adult gives them the chance to do things differently , and to focus on something fascinating .
My kids have found these things often in school , but out of their classroom . ”
I wonder if she realizes the consequences of such an approach , taken to its logical extremes .
Take , for instance , Quaker Valley High School in Leetsdale , Penn. , a Pittsburgh suburb .
Linda Conlon , an academic specialist there , explained to me what they are doing .
If you are easily shocked , please stop reading .
I have checked Conlon out .
She is telling the truth .
Her school is like many in the Washington area , mostly middle class kids .
But Quaker Valley lets them get away with stuff that flouts well - established educational rules and procedures .
One Quaker Valley student realized the established sequence of math courses barred her from taking calculus before graduation .
She felt she needed that course to look good to colleges and prepare for advanced science , since she wanted to be a doctor .
She asked to take trigonometry on her own over the summer , just her and the school textbook and maybe a tutor .
Yeah , right , I said .
But the Quaker Valley math department said yes .
She passed the trig exam without taking the course , eventually took calculus , got the college she wanted and is now in med school .
It gets worse .
While giving the PSAT to all ninth and tenth graders ( another wild move ) , Quaker Valley counselors found one student with mediocre grades but high scores .
His math teacher said he did well on class exams but never did his homework .
I know some students like this in our best suburban high schools .
They and their parents are lectured on the need to accept responsibility and do their assignments .
No room for lazy geniuses in their school .
At Quaker Valley , they just gave in .
The teacher told the kid homework was his choice .
There would be no penalty if he did n’t do it .
His grades and his attitude toward school improved remarkably .
There ’s more .
They let a gifted musician take both an instrumental class and a choral music class that met at the same hour .
The student chose which to attend on any given day , and rehearsed the major performance pieces on her own .
Many students took AP online or enrolled at local colleges if Quaker Valley could n’t schedule them into that subject .
When students complained about having to choose between AP physics , too tough for them , or regular physics , too boring - - a complaint I hear often from Fairfax County --- the Quaker Valley staff said they could skip regular physics classes that were too slow for them , as long as they spent that class time doing something productive in the library and did well on their quizzes , tests and labs .
Are they kidding ?
What kind of high school would let kids behave like that ?
One possible answer : the kind of high school many of the Washington area parents who wrote me would like their children to attend .
Read Jay 's blog every day at http://washingtonpost.com/class-struggle.
Follow all the Post's Education coverage on http://twitter.com/PostSchools, Facebook and our Education web page , http://washingtonpost.com/education.
Ever forget your cellphone charger at a hotel ?
Turns out that 's an extremely common mistake — one you can use to your advantage to replace your lost charger , whether you lost it there or not .
Advertisement
Over at community news site Reddit , a user points out his clever trick :
Next time you lose your phone charger , do n't buy another one .
Go to a hotel and say you think you lost it there .
It 's the # 1 most left behind item at hotels , so most places have a big bin filled with every phone charger imaginable .
Advertisement
It may seem a little underhanded , but one Gizmodo reader explains just how abundant these chargers are at hotels :
I work for the second largest conference hotel in my city .
You have no idea the size box we have of chargers left behind .
90 percent are idiot blackberry chargers .
This works 100 % of the time , we never verify that anyone stays here we just let them go shopping for [ their ] charger .
Hell we even will give people a charger if they call down to the front desk and say they forgot theirs !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Update : Reader Eric writes in with his own similar suggestion :
I lose my charger all the time ; another trick is doing the same thing at the car rental counter .
Just say you left your charger in the car the last time you were there and they will pull out a box full of chargers to pick from .
Works every time .
Advertisement
So there you have it :
Whether you forgot your charger at home or lost it altogether , check with a hotel ; you may find a quick and easy replacement .
If not — well , it was worth a try , right ?
Know some other clever tricks of the trade ?
Let 's hear it in the comments , or send an email to tips at lifehacker .com with your smart trick .
Shhh !
Share the secrets of your trade / Lifes little easter eggs ..
[ Ask Reddit via Gizmodo ]
STRATEGY
Distant Worlds
Grand strategy and classic 4X mechanics combine in a vibrant world made easier with optional automation (…) Distant Worlds features uninspired diplomatic options and lacks multiplayer , but these are insignificant complaints in what otherwise is a hallmark 4X strategy title . – 9.5 from Out of Eight website
Sid Meier ’s Civilization V
Civilization V is one of the best turn - based strategy games I ’ve ever had the pleasure of playing .
Whether teaming up with my friends for some multiplayer , or simply losing a whole night of sleep to the game ’s endlessly replayable single player , this is one game that any strategy enthusiast , or , hell anyone strat - curious should check out .
Sure , I miss some of the deeper inter-civilization relations that the more defined religion and government setup brought in Civilization IV , but that ’s nothing anyone new to the series will even think twice about .
With all the tips , advisers and tools in place , this is the first Civilization for PC that I feel is worth just about every person ’s time .
Go forth and create , subdue , and exploit .
Do as Firaxis has done , and bring Civilization to the masses .
– 9.0 from IGN
StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty
Blizzard was n’t trying to do anything drastically different with StarCraft II .
Much of the core gameplay of the original has been preserved , yet with plenty of tweaks , additional units and new abilities for veteran players to toy with and devise new approaches to competitive battles .
Anyone intimidated by the notion of playing against live opponents will find a lot to enjoy , with a fantastically presented single - player campaign featuring impressively varied mission design supported by a memorable , though often cheesy , cast of characters .
Then , if you ’re feeling courageous , the notion of venturing online is made more appealing by battle .
net ’s automated ranking system that frequently matches you up with opponents of similar skill level .
It ’s not a step forward for the genre , exactly , but StarCraft II is still one of the most polished , finely crafted and well presented real - time strategy games available . – 9.0 from IGN
Napoleon : Total War
Napoleon is an enjoyable addition to the Total War franchise but it ’s not as a big a game changer as previous sequels . (…)
On the plus side , it allows gamers to experience a historically inspired version of one of history ’s greatest military careers .
Campaign multiplayer is a welcome addition that neatly sidesteps the sometimes passive AI and works to reduce , if not exactly eliminate , the potential downtime inherent in the format . – 8.9 from IGN
Dawn of War II : Chaos Rising
f you like Dawn of War II , you ’ll like Chaos Rising .
All the great things about the core game are preserved here and the new Chaos Marines content is fantastic .
The story ’s great , the twist is surprising , and the tactical choices are consistently interesting .
That said , Chaos Rising is n’t for people who have n’t already gotten their feet wet with Dawn of War II .
The game starts out tough and does n’t let up until you ’re done , so newcomers may find it to be a tougher challenge than they ’re ready for . – 8.5 from IGN
Scourge of War : Gettysburg
Those looking for an accurate depiction of Civil War era tactical combat need to look no further : Scourge of War : Gettysburg is your game .
The game excels at historical immersion , placing you in the saddle of the greatest ( and not so greatest ) generals of the era and giving you the partial information and confusion they had to deal with . ( … ) The game still features the very compelling tactical combat the series has always offered , improved with only a couple of subtle issues .
Is it worth $ 45 ?
Certainly overall it is , and I feel that the addition of multiplayer and the new commands and historically accurate setting are enough to justify a purchase for existing Take Command players as well– 8.5 from Out of Eight website
Worms Reloaded
This is the biggest , prettiest Worms , yet .
Strategy fans will find one of the most fun multiplayer games around , and there is plenty to do on your own , as well .
Few games offer the chance to wield a weapon called the Buffalo of Lies — do n’t miss yours .
– 8.5 from IGN
Castle Vox
Castle Vox takes the base of Risk , adds a couple of new elements , and produces a slightly unique and entertaining strategy experience .
(…)
Finally , the game features robust multiplayer matchmaking and is available for all three major operating systems .
Castle Vox is strongly recommended for all players who thought Risk could use a bit more depth .
– 8.5 from Out of Eight website
Virtual City
Virtual City takes good aspects from previous city builders and combines them into an effective package .
The resource chains are complex enough to keep the game interesting , but simple enough to reduce confusion of newcomers .
The interface helps the learning process , clearly displaying what each truck is transporting and areas of the map that need attention .
I ’d like to have a comprehensive list of all buildings and auto - bulldoze trees when placing new structures , but these are minor complaints overall ( … )
Fans of economic city builder games will find great value for $ 10 .
8.5 from Out of Eight website
The Settlers 7 : Paths to a Kingdom
If you ’re looking for a more sporty , addictive alternative to Anno 1404 , or a just worthy continuation of the Settlers series , you ’ve absolutely found it . – 8.0 from Eurogamer
Zombie Pirates
Zombie Pirates takes the Plants vs Zombies concept and adds ships , water and pirates to great effect . ( … ) While the main story will take several hours to complete , there are also special challenges to partake in , achievements to earn , diamonds to collect and items to buy that will bump up your ship .
Every now and again a game comes along with utterly surprises me , and Zombie Pirates has done just that .
It ’s fantastic fun , and well worth checking out .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Sins of a Solar Empire : Diplomacy
Diplomacy is not as essential an expansion as Entrenchment but it ’s still a worthwhile addition to the Sins of a Solar Empire experience .
If , like me , you ’re more concerned with building bigger and better fleets to dominate the gravity wells of your enemies , then the new additions in Diplomacy will still offer an indirect way to supplement that strategy .
If your thinking is a bit more flexible , there is the opportunity here to forge alliances and win a valid victory by promoting peace and mutual prosperity .
This is the last micro-expansion for Sins of a Solar Empire , so if you ’re a hardcore fan , then there ’s no reason not avoid getting this one .
– 8.0 from IGN
Royal Envoy
The lure of trophies provides good reason to go back and replay levels for better times , which helps extend this game ’s already impressive length .
And I ’ll take any excuse to head back in and construct a few more villages in this great little city builder– 8.0 from Gamezebo
BugBits
The strong and addictive gameplay is enhanced substantially be the gorgeously designed battlefields and maps ( … )
If you can look beyond a few minor issues with the plot and text dialogue , and you ’ll find BugBits is an excellent debut game from this promising indie studio .
It ’s a fun action strategy game that you wo n’t regret playing . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Build - a- lot : The Elizabethan Era
nyone who loves the earlier games will find The Elizabethan Era is just as absorbing , and visiting the past does make you look at the gameplay in a slightly different way .
It feels both completely new and comfortably similar at the same time .
In addition to the main campaign and a more relaxed casual mode , the premium edition also features an additional campaign with many new levels to explore .
There ’s a whole lot of game here to enjoy , and it ’s a blast to the real estate past we can heartily recommend . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Fix - it - Up 2 : World Tour
In the end Fix - it - up : World Tour definitely fulfills every expectation , though without being as innovative as the first game .
The concept still works great and ensures the game ’s rank being one of the few unique time management games out there .
Enjoy a trip all over the world with an interesting story , gorgeous graphics , funny details and be prepared to invest at least six hours to do so .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Vacation Mogul
Vacation Mogul will entertain players of all levels and more than satisfy real estate game fans .
Unlike many Build - a - lot copycats , Vacation Mogul succeeds in standing on its own two feet with its good pace , variety , colorful graphics and challenge .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Rise of Prussia
If you like any of AGEOD ’s previous efforts , then you will like Rise of Prussia .
If you hated any of AGEOD ’s previous efforts , then you will hate Rise of Prussia .
If you were intimidated by any of AGEOD ’s previous efforts , Rise of Prussia is a good place to start– 7.5 from Gamezebo
Battlefield Academy
I like what Battlefield Academy tries to do : bring traditional hardcore wargaming to a larger audience .
(…)
It ’s a fun temporary diversion from more hardcore strategy offerings .
– 7.5 from Out of Eight website
Empires of Steel
As strategy games seem to increasingly favor more complexity , it ’s nice to play a game that is a bit more straightforward .
Empires of Steel is that clear - cut , and the turn - based game is a good choice for novices .
The interface is effective , clearly indicating idle units and buildings , while the graphical style if nice to look at .
The game does come with some nice customization features , like editors for maps and the game rules , and randomized map layouts always increase replay value .
The AI is a competent opponent , though typically not terribly aggressive .
The game is really designed for multiplayer , so it ’s too bad that there are n’t very many people online to play against .
– 7.5 from Out of Eight website
Sol Survivor
As far as tower defense games go , Sol Survivor is in the upper echelon of quality .
This is mainly due to the inclusion of multiplayer : (…)
The game does suffer from a relaxed pace ; Sol Survivor could benefit from time acceleration to power through those times where your defenses are stout .
Still , Sol Survivor is quite an enjoyable game for fans of the blossoming tower defense genre thanks to its multiplayer features .
– 7.5 from Out of Eight website
Conquest : Divide and Conquer
onquest : Divide and Conquer reduces the commonly complex strategy genre into its basic elements , and the result is a usually entertaining game .
( … ) While Conquest might lack the depth of rival strategy games , the reduced mechanics do work well for quick online competitions .
– 7.5 from Out of Eight website
Close Combat – Last Stand Arnhem
Close Combat – Last Stand Arnhem takes a great game , makes noticeable improvements , and comes up a bit short of “ must buy ” status .
– 7.5 from Out of Eight website
Ancient Trader
With Ancient Trader , you come for the graphics and stay for the gameplay , at least for a little while .
(…)
Despite some limited features and a feeling of repetition after a couple of games , I enjoyed looking at and playing Ancient Trader more than some other trading games .
For $ 10 , the casual experience is worth the price of admission .
Just watch out for the Kraken .
– 7.5 from Out of Eight website
The Sims 3 : Late Night
The expansion packs that have been released so far for The Sims 3 have been meatier than expansions from the previous iterations of the franchise , and Late Night continues the tradition .
It really raises the bar for what we expect out of a Sims expansion .
– 7.5 from IGN
Cities XL 2011
Cities XL 2011 is a solid — not stellar — city building game .
It goes out of its way to help you learn the complexities of the city building genre and presents a near - encyclopedic range of tools to create your own dream cities .
In addition to this , it offers beautiful graphics and enough administrative tools to please even the most obsessive micro-managers .
– 7.0 from IGN
Elemental : War of Magic
Turn - based fantasy wargame in vein of Master of Magic , from Stardock ( their Galactic Civilization 2 plus both add - ons to it all got 9 + ratings on Gamespot )
World War Two Western Front Combat Mission
After disappointing affair with modern combat Battlefront returns to what they do best : WWII tactical wargames
Patrician IV
New entry in one of the best managment games series of all time ( Patrician III scored 9.3 at IGN ) .
Heroes of Graxia
Board - game like strategy title from Petroglyph ( makers of Star Wars : Empire at War )
M.U.D TV
Humoristic managment game from Realmforge Studios , makers of Ceville ( 9.0 from IGN )
Disciples III : Renaissance
Disciples II : Dark Prophecy was one of best turn - based fantasy strategy games of last few years .
It was released in 2002 , around the same time such “ monsters ” from this subgenre like Heroes4 , Age of Wonders 2 and Etherlords were released .
And yet it stood proudly next to them and secured it ’s place as one of premier franchises of this type .
Now it ’s back in full 3D and done by Akella .
Battle of Kingdoms
MMO game inspired by Defense of the Ancients , made by creators of DotA Chaos .
Empire : Time of Troubles
A grand strategy game with healthy dose of RPG taking place in Eastern Europe during 1350 - 1640 period .
Made by Lesta Stusdio makers of Pacific Storm ( 8.0 from IGN )
Airborne Assault : Battles From The Bulge
Airborne Assault is one of the best wargames series PCgaming ever had .
Despite it ’s hardcore nature it has gathered acclaim even from mainstream press ( PCgamer have AA : Red Devils Over Arnhem 87 % , AA : Highway to the Reich got 89 % and the most recent one AA : Conquest of Aengan recieved 84 % ) , from specialised sites and from gamers ( Conquest of Aengan won Wargamer ’s Readers Choice Game of the year ) .
Wargaming does n’t get much better than this series .
Galcon Fusion
Sequel to a great indie game
Victoria 2
New grand strategy game from Paradox Interactive , know for games like Europa Universalis III ( 8.5 from IGN ) , Europa Universalis : Rome ( 8.7 from IGN ) or Hearts of Iron III ( 8.5 from IGN )
Conquest of the Americas
News trading game from Nitro games .
THeir previous title ( East Indie Company ) scored 7.7 at IGN , this one promises to take the same concept and improve it greatly .
Star Ruler
Indie 4X game .
Trapped Dead
Commandos - like zombie game
Worms Reloaded
Return to 2D formula .
Future Wars
Turn based wargame from Radon Labs , makers of Drakensang ( 7.6 from IGN ) .
Kharkov 1943
A realistic wargame from makers of Steel Fury ( one of the best and most realistic WWII tank simulators ever made and winner of SimHQ ’s best amor sim of 2008 award )
Heroes of Newerth
DOTA - inspired game from makers of Savage 2
HistWar : Les Grognars
A tactical and strategical game of insane depth by Battlefront
Neptune ’s Pride
4X game from ex Irrational Games Australia designers .
Stronghold Kingdoms
Browser adaptation of Firefly Studios ’ most well know series .
The Settlers Online
Browser adaptation of classic series .
Cultures Online
Browser version of popular city building series .
World Supremacy
Turn based “ conquer the world ” grand strategy game from Malfador Machinations , makers of Space Empires series .
Hegemony : Philip of Macedon
From makers of Tread Marks ( 76 % at GR )
Star Trek Supremacy
A 4X game that ’s a follow up to Star Trek : Birth of the Federation
Making History II : The War of the World for
Sequel to turn based WWII wargame that scored 7 on IGN and 7.5 at OutofEight .
Lionheart : Kings ’ Crusade
Real - time wargame from makers of King Arthur : the roleplaying wargame .
Spice Road
a trading and city management game by the people who created Light of Altair ( 7 from IGN and 7.5 from Out of Eight and )
Men of War : Vietnam
Single centric stand alone expansion to Men of War ( great tactics - heavy wargame that scored 8.0 at IGN )
Men of War : Assault Squad
Multi player centric stand alone expansion to Men of War ( great tactics - heavy wargame that scored 8.0 at IGN )
Anno 1404 : Venice
First add -on .
Tropico 3 : Absolute Power
First add - on to a city builder which scored 8.4 at IGN
Hearts of Iron III : Semper Fi
First add - on to Hearts of Iron III ( 8.5 from IGN )
Majesty 2 : Kingmaker
First add - on a managment game that got 7.5 from IGN .
Sins of a Solar Empire : Diplomacy
Second and last mini expansion .
ROLEPLAYING
Mount & Blade : Warband
Combining hardcore roleplaying with deep combat , and throwing in a Counterstrike - esque multiplayer mode , this sort - of - budget game has more longevity than most full - priced , big - name - studio games .
If you can get past the ugly façade , Mount and Blade : Warband is well worth a look . – 8.1 from IGN
Grotesque Tactics – Evil Heroes
Grotesque Tactics : Evil Heroes is an entertaining RPG adventure , offering both humorous parody and solid gameplay in equal measure .
At roughly twelve hours in length , there is plenty of quest - running on offer , and RPG fanatics will adore the game references .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Rainblood : Town of Death
Rainblood : Town of Death provides wonderful RPG gaming with a great storyline and paramount battling to boot .
If you do n’t mind the brevity of it all , this is well worth a playthrough . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Age of Conan : Rise of the Godslayer
Funcom have put a lot of work into Age of Conan : Rise of the Godslayer , and it shows .
There is a great deal of polish to the landscapes , the music is exceptional , and there is simply a lot to do .
Where Age of Conan falls short is in variety , and if reputation grinding is something you cannot abide – and for many MMO players , it is – then Age of Conan : Rise of the Godslayer is not your expansion .
For everyone else , the alternate advancement , new dungeons , factions , and the land of Khitai are all good reasons to return to Robert E. Howard ’s brutal world . – 7.9 from IGN
Drakensang : The River of Time
Prequel to Drakensang
Mytheon
MMORPG from Petroglyph , a company responsible for Star Wars : Empire at War
North Star
A space trading / combat RPG with turn - based combat by Kerberos ( ex Barking Dog guys
and makers of Homeworld : Cataclysm and Sword of the Stars )
Eschalon : Book2
Age of Decadence
Hardcore indie RPG
Din ’s Curse
New indie hack and slash RPG from Soldak , makers of Depths of Peril ( which got 82 % from PCGamer UK , also won RPG Game of the Year 2007 on Gametunnel and was runner up for overall GOTY there )
Recettear
Indie japanese game about running an item shop in typical fantasy RPG setting .
The Broken Hourglass
An old - school Baldurs Gate 2 - like RPG , done by Planewalker Games - indie team consisting of cRPG modders , lead by Jason Compton ( the best BG2 modder , he did wonders to NPC and party members dynamic interaction ) .
The game takes place in Tolmira ( sword - and - sorcery setting , which PlaneWalker licensed ) has isometric perspective , unlimited party , complex party - to - party interactions , lots of good old - school roleplaying and real - time with pause combat system
Dropship
A turn - based SF wargame with RPG elements developed by ex-Troika guys using the Source engine
Avernum VI
The final chapter in the long running indie RPG series
Drakensang : Phileasson ’s Secret
First add - on to rakensang : The River of Time .
King ’s Bounty : Crossworlds
Second add - on to one of best PC games of 2008 .
Star Wars : Clone Wars Adventures
Casual Star Wars MMO full of mini games , from makers of Free Realms ( also MMO , it scored 8.8 from IGN ) .
Vindictus
Promising MMO with action - game like combat .
Villagers and Heroes
Action - rpg from Mad Otter games , a small indie company made of Dynamix veterans , headed by Damon Slye ( co - founder of Dynamix and lead designer of Aces of the Pacific , Aces Over Europe , Red Baron and A - 10 Tank Killer ) who previously released Ace of Aces on Instant Action
Allods Online
A MMORPG from Nival Interactive , makers of games like Silent Storm ( 8.1 from IGN ) , Etherlords 1 ( 8.1 from IGN ) , Etherlords 2 ( 8.0 from IGN ) , Evil Islands ( 8.7 from IGN ) , Blitzkrieg ( 8.2 from IGN ) and Blitzkrieg 2 ( 8.4 from IGN )
Otherland
Cyberpunk MMORPG based on novels by Tad Williams , handled by the development studio Real U , formed around a core of ex-Melbourne House talent ( as Eurogamer put it ” 8 - bit heroes of The Hobbit and The Way of the Exploding Fist , and then cult classic Shadowrun , who in later years struggled valiantly with the tide of licences and conversions heaped on them by Atari , sometimes triumphing against the odds ( as in PS2 Transformers ) ” )
Jade Dynasty
Martial arts MMO from company that developed Perfect World Online ( a MMO that scored 7.5 at IGN )
LEGO Universe
MMO developed by NetDevil , who ’s portofilo includes two other MMOs : Jumpgate ( 7.8 from IGN ) and Auto Assault ( 7.5 from IGN )
Forged by Chaos
Online action - rpg using CryEngine2
World of Warcraft : Cataclysm
Third add - on to biggest MMORPG ( the original WoW scored , it ’s first add - on got and the second one was rated )
Sacred 2 : Ice and Blood
Add-on to 7.5 ( at IGN ) hack and slash RPG
ADVENTURE
Amnesia : The Dark Descent
Not for the faint of heart , this gothic horror adventure is a relentlessly intense and terrifying experience from start to finish .
– 9.0 from Adventuregamers
Nightmare Adventures : The Witch ’s Prison
The story and the puzzles are more than enough reason for you to be downloading The Witch ’s Prison as we speak , but the game ’s difficulty level deserves mention , too .
Items ’ descriptions provide just enough information to point you in the right direction without clubbing you over the head with solutions , while hints will spells things out plainly , but only if you want them to .
The Witch ’s Prison does its best to make sure you succeed , without diminishing the overall challenge in the slightest – but it makes sure to slip in a few chuckles here and there , too .
– 9.0 from Gamezebo
Sleep Is Death
An experimental gaming experience gone very , very right .
(…)
Sleep
Is Death is the ultimate in non-linear gameplay , as the director must adapt to the player in real - time to construct a cohesive story .
The extremely high replay value makes this a must - have title .
To use a tired cliché , Sleep Is Death is like a box of chocolates : you never know what you ’re going to get . – 8.5 from Out of Eight website
Whispered World
It takes a while to build momentum , but The Whispered World ends up being a lush , gorgeous 2D adventure that succeeds in recapturing the nostalgia of both the genre ’s Golden Age and childhood itself . – 8.0 from Adventuregamers
Drawn : Dark Flight
Gorgeous , whimsical scenery will draw you into Dark Flight ’s living world of art and imagination , and its well - integrated gameplay and user - friendly help system will get you through some of the rough spots .
– 8.0 from Adventuregamers
Kaptain Brawe : A Brawe New World
Kaptain Brawe is a quintessential point and click adventure : it looks beautiful , has a compelling story filled with interesting characters , and it ’s plagued with puzzles that feel more like you ’re guessing what the developer was thinking rather than doing anything logical .
And even with the casual difficulty level , these puzzles make the game unfriendly to players new to the genre .
But for adventure game veterans , there ’s plenty to love , from the unique look and setting , to the intriguing plot and great sense of humor .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Nancy Drew : Shadow at the Water ’s Edge
Shadow at the Water ’s Edge ’s gameplay and presentation are as solid as ever ; exactly what fans of the series have come to expect .
Graphics hold their own with other current adventure games , and dialogue is all voiced with competent voice actors .
( … ) The game is recommended for players aged 10 and over due to some scary moments , but it ’s certainly accessible to adults and kids alike and is a great choice for child and parent to play together .
And although Nancy is without a doubt one of the best female role models in gaming , her games definitely are n’t just for girls to enjoy .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Eden ’s Quest : The Hunt for Akua Review
There ’s a great variety to the puzzles that are thrown at you over the course of the game and , despite the occasional frustration , Eden ’s Questis both fun and beautiful .
It evens ends on a bit of a cliffhanger , which suggests we have n’t seen the last of Ms. Eden Hunt . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Hamlet
This is a creative little point - and - click adventure .
It ’s short , but I thoroughly enjoyed it as long as it lasted .
The title is deceptive , as this game really has nothing to do with Hamlet .
But if you like point - and - click games do n’t let that keep you from checking out this bizarre and clever little undertaking . – 7.5 from IGN
Jolly Rover
Jolly Rover may not be the most original of stories , but if you ’re in the mood for something short and sweet and not too challenging , this funny pirate ( dog ) adventure gives you plenty of chuckles and lots to sink your teeth into– from Adventuregamers
Black Mirror II
It never truly excels , but returning players and series newcomers alike should enjoy most of what ’s on display in Black Mirror II , a suspenseful mystery that takes a new route through a familiar journey into madness . – 7.5 from Adventuregamers
Simon the Sorcerer : Who ’d Even Want Contact ?!
If you ’re an adventure game enthusiast and are yearning for something to play besides the classics , give Simon the Sorcerer 5 a try .
The voices and character designs are n’t exactly top - notch , but there ’s still a lot of fun to be had with Simon and his newest adventure . – 7.3 from IGN
Gray Matter
New adventure game from the empress of the genre : Jane Jansen ( creator of Gabriel Knight series )
15 Days
Thriller adventure game from House of Tales , makers of Moment of Silence and Overclocked , which both got 8 + reviews at Adventuregamers
Ghost Pirates of Vooju Island
Monkey Island inspired comedic adventure game from Autumn Moon , company created by ex-LucasArts guys .
Autumn Moon ’s previous game : Vampyre Story scored 7.6 at IGN
Vampyre Story 2 : A Bat ’s Tale
Sequel to one of the best adventure games of 2008
Haunted
New aventure from Deck 13 , makers of Ankh series and Jack Keane
Hazard : The Journey Of Life
First person exploration puzzler that ’s a commercial follow - up to one of best UT3 mods ever made .
The Next Big Thing
New adventure game from Pendulo Studios .
The last game from this team ( Runaway : A Twist of fate ) scored 8.0 at Adventuregamers .
Deponia
Hand painted post apocalyptic cyberpunk adventure game in glorious 1440×900 resolution
Culpa Innata 2 : Chaos Rising
The first one got 7.5 from Gamespot
The Dream Machine
An indie Point and Click adventure game made out of clay and cardboard
Lost Horizon
Adventure game that takes place in Asia in 30s , from makers of Secret Files Tunguska series
The Book of Unwritten Tales
The Book of Unwritten Tales : the cattle ’s chronicle .
Prequel to humoristic adventure game that scored 90 % on Adventure - treff , 91 % at Adventurecorner.de and 85 % from Gamestar , making it one of highest rated adventure games in germany in years )
Resonance
First commercial game from maker the incredible freeware adventure game “ What Linus Bruckman Sees When His Eyes Are Closed ”
Love
” First - person - not - so - massively - multiplayer - online - procedural - adventure - game ” 🙂
Dead Mountaineer Hotel
Last - Express like adventure game ( meaning non-linear , NPC have AIs , goals , daily routines and walk freely over the gameworld ) based on Strugacki Brothers ’ novel , made by Akella .
The Fall Trilogy : Chapter 1 – The Separation
New adventure game from Kheops ( makers numerous quality games from this genre like Return to Mysterious Island or Dracula 3 )
3 Cards to Dead Time
Black Sails
Pirate themed adventure game from Deck 13 , makers of Ankh series and Jack Keane .
Boryokudan Rue
SF adventure game that ’s one of the student prize winners at the 2010 Independent Games Festival
Bracken Tor : The Time of Tooth and Claw
New horror adventure game from Shadow Tor Studios , makers of Barrow Hill , which got 8.0 from Adventuregamers
Edna and Harvey : The Breakout
An english version of one of best german adventure games of 2008 ( it gathered 84 % average of scores from german sites and magazines , including 83 % at Adventure - Treff and 87 % at Adventurecorner )
Mozart
Alternativa
Cyberpunk adventure from makers of Memento Mori in c.classic point and click style using 2.5D engine with non-linear story and alternative storylines .
The Divine Comedy
The second in the series of adventure games retelling of famous novels ( first one “ Les Misérables : The Game of the Book ” scored 8.0 at Adventuregamers )
Coven
New game from makers of Rhiannon ( 7.5 from Gamespot )
Shades of Violet : Episode 1 – Tale of the Clockwork Princess
Indie steampunk adventure game
ACTION
Cyber - Wing
Cyber - Wing is successful at what it attempts to do : bring Herzog Zwei into whatever century this is with 3 - D graphics and online multiplayer ( … ) Those looking for a more action - oriented approach to strategy gaming should check it out .
8.5 from Out of Eight website
Global Agenda
Global Agenda hits the top notes in many areas .
The crisp graphics and fast paced , high intensity team - based combat are definitely the game ’s strongest points .
Both PvP and PvE game play are equally fine and the AI of mobs in high difficulty PvE missions is admirable . (…)
If Hi-Rez can add more missions and improve the UI functions , the likelihood of keeping the more casual player in the long term grows high .
As the game stands now , whether you enjoy the game rests upon whether you like the combat systems and if you find an Agency to suite your play style and personality , as it ’s all about teamwork and the people you play with . – 8.4 from IGN
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. : Call of Pripyat
. With Call of Pripyat , GSC Game World delivers its most stable and playable version of the Zone yet .
Though it ’s not quite as surprising as the original , it ’s still a standout game that deserves to be given a chance by anyone that reads this .
There are n’t many titles able to offer up such an affecting atmosphere mixed with enjoyable mechanics , and even if some bits of the game remain uneven , it ’s an experience that will stick with you long after it ’s over .
– 8.2 from IGN
ArmA II : Operation Arrowhead
For those captivated by the kind of open , authentic gameplay Bohemia Interactive allows for in ArmA II , the Operation Arrowhead expansion is probably already on your hard drive .
It features new campaign missions and a number of new toys to play around with , and is still an incredibly comprehensive war experience , despite its issues with performance and artificial intelligence .
It ’s best played with others with the patience to appreciate how much detail has been packed in here , ranging from graphical fidelity to the sheer number of vehicles and weapons included and the way they all control differently .
If you ’re new to the franchise , the standalone Operation Arrowhead is a good place to start so you can run through the detailed tutorials , and you can pick up the Combined Operations to get the initial ArmA II release as well .
It ’s a game only for the dedicated , but if you ’ve got the desire and the attention span , it ’s absolutely worth checking out . – 8.0 from IGN
Plain Sight UK
Plain Sight is a collection of lovely ideas presented with flair and character , and if it could tighten up its fussy controls a little it ’d have a good chance of being one of those break - out indie hits that quietly earn its creators a deserved fortune .
The currently small number of servers and the relatively hardcore - favouring rich - get - richer nature of the combat are probably telling signs of its destiny – adored by a few , ignored by the many .
The price is right and the robo - ninja carnage is guaranteed , however . – 8.0 from IGN
Nimbus
With Nimbus , Noumenon Games delivers a creative , accessible , and intelligently designed title .
Its style of gameplay fuses twitch action with puzzle and racing elements and offers challenges that , while sometimes frustrating , remain satisfying all the way through .
With numerous reasons to replay stages , an appealing visual style and catchy electronic soundtrack , there ’s enough here to be able to overlook the minor control issues and enjoy the ride .
– 8.0 from IGN
Doc Clock : The Toasted Sandwich of Time
Doc Clock : The Toasted Sandwich of Time is as inventive as it is humorous , providing clever gameplay based around the assembly of bridges , vehicles and a time - machine .
(…)
Doc Clock is really clever stuff , bursting with personality and neat ideas .
A few little niggles here and there mar an otherwise cool and sophisticated indie release , and one that you should definitely considering delving into .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Lunnye Devitsy
Lunnye Devitsy provides a gorgeously atmospheric world for the player to explore at their own pace , with only a few backtracking issues slightly tainting what is otherwise an enjoyable experience .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Wake
With its dark yet gorgeous atmosphere and huge environment to explore , Wake captures the dire situation perfectly and will make you feel the kind of anxiety you never thought possible from a video game – but in a good way , of course . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
VVVVVV
look past its lo-fi style and you ’ll realise its production values are hardly stingy , with unlockable time trials and other Easter - egg modes , and generally slick presentation .
More to the point , it ’s excellent for its entire length .
How many big - budget developments can say that ? – 8.0 from Eurogamer
Beat Hazard
Beat Hazard is a short and sweet ten - dollar investment that is given solid longevity as long as you like the tunes in your music library .
. – 7.6 from IGN
Bob Came in Pieces
Bob Came in Pieces offers some nice physics - based puzzles placed around custom ship designs to solve the various conundrums placed in front of you .
The game does feel unique , thanks to some innovative puzzles and full freedom to use your admittedly limited tool set as you desire . (…)
This linearity tends to cut down on replay value , but Bob Came in Pieces is certainly fun while it lasts .
If you like platform and puzzle games , the ship design of Bob Came in Pieces delivers $ 10 worth of unique fun . – 7.5 from Out of Eight website
Razor2 : Hidden Skies
Razor2 : Hidden Skies is a decent shooter with good production values , such as the excellent score . – 7.5 from IGN
The Ball
Unique mix of First Person Action Game and Puzzler .
It ’s commercial continuation of mod that was awarded 2nd place in finals of Epic Games ’ Make Something Unreal contest .
Sanctum
Interesting mix of FPP action and tower defense , running on Unreal Engine 3.0 .
Tactical Intervention
New tactical FPS from creator of Counterstrike
Dead meets Lead
Indie zombie action game .
Musorqua
New indie action title from Dejobaan Games , makers of AaaaaAAaaaAAAaaAAAAaAAAAA !!!- A Reckless Disregard for Gravity ( 82 % average at Gamerankings )
Closure
Unique puzzle platformer that ’s expanded and improved follow up to a great freeware game .
Monaco
Indie heist game that ’s nominated for 2010 IGFSeumas McNally Grand Prize , developed by Pocketwatch games , makers of Wildlife Tycoon ( IGF finalist ) and Venture Arctic ( Gametunnel ’s sim game of the year )
Delta Force : Angel Falls
Swarm Racer 3000
Naumachia – Space Warfare
A multiplayer space battle sim in which you can start piloting individual fighters with standard FPS controls ( mouse / keyboard ) and then when your rank advances it ’s possible to command capital ships and their fighter squadrons with a dedicated RTS - like interface .
Developed by people who previously made Specialist mod for first Half - life
ArcMagi
As developer himself put it : “ I like to think of it as a true PC fighting game .
Dynamic and up - to - the - point , but very strategic , controlled by mouse and with strong character development elements . ”
Natural Selection 2
Commercial Source - based sequel to one of best mp MODS of all time
Blitz 1941
MMO
Tank action game with light simulation elements from the makers of Navy Fields ( it was similiar MMO action game with sim elements )
Lone Wolf : Flight from the Dark
Action - adventure based on legendary “ Choose your own adventure ” gamebook series
Alien Swarm
AlienSwarm was one of very best and definitly the most original UnrealTournament2004 mods ever .
THis is sequel made on Source engine by original crew who was hired by Valve
FEIST
Unique puzzle platformer , which was awarded Best Overall Game and Best Visual Design at the Unity Awards 2008 .
Stargate Resistance
Multiplayer third person shooter .
Ascension
Freeware spiritual successor to Tribes , created by the team that made the Renegade mod for Tribes , Tribes2 and Tribes : Vengeance
They Hunger : Lost Souls
Original Hunger was THE best single - player mod for Half - life .
Now the team returns with commercial follow up based on Source engine
Sugar Rush
Online arena combat game from Klei Entertainment ( indie dev responsible for Eets )
Black Sky
Open ended StarControl2 like game
Limbo
Indie platformer
Dogfighter
Indie action flight game .
Iron Seed 2
Follow up to forgotten classic ( it ’s not well known now , but back in the days it rivaled Star Control 2 in quality )
RACING
r Factor 2
The first rFactor became the rulling standart of PC racing sims and the most popular modding platform for fans of the genre , not to mention it ’s engine was the basis for majority of other good PC racing sims of recent years ( like GTR 1 - 2 , Race series , Arca simracing or GT Legends )
Top Race 2009
new sim by 2PEZ ( makers of Turismo Carratera ) running on gMotor2 engine
The Turismo Competición 2000
A new racing sims based on ISI ’s Gmotor engine ( the same engine that powers GTR and Race series , rFactor and Arca ) , a follow - up to Turismo Carretera .
777
Studios is publishing previous game in the series in US , so there is high chance this one will see an English release too .
Zero Gear
A physics - fueled multiplayer kart combat game
SIMULATION
Wings of Prey
Despite the unfortunate and confusing title of the game , Wings of Prey is surprisingly attractive both to arcade action junkies and to the hardcore TrackIR crowd .
Naturally , in trying to please both camps , the game contains a fair number of compromises and concessions that are sure to cause aggravation at either end of the spectrum , but the flexibility and fidelity of the different flight models allows players of all skill levels to enjoy the game . – 8.3 from IGN
Storm of War : Battle of Britain
From makers of Il2 Sturmovik
Silent Hunter V
Both Silent Hunter 3 and Silent Hunter 4 received 8.8 from IGN .
DCS : A - 10C Warthog
Combat Helo
Indie heli sim .
World of Tanks
A MMO PvP tank combat game set in World War 2 setting from Wargaming .net , akers of Massive Assault ( 8.4 from IGN ) and upcoming Order of War
Battlestar Galactica Online
Space combat MMO
Jet Thunder
Historical air combat sim from Thunder Works
Evochron Mercenary
Another entry in great indie space sim series .
Jumpgate Evolution
A sequel to space sim MMO that got 8.6 from Gamespoit
Black Prophecy
SF space MMO .
Perpetuum Online
EVE Online - inspired mech sim MMO .
Fighter Ops
Ship Simulator 2010 : Extremes
Wings of Luftwafe
First add - on to Wings of Prey ( WWII flight sim that scored 8.3 at IGN )
Lock On : Flaming Cliffs 2.0
Heavy upgrade to original Flaming Cliffs
Rising Sun
Flight simulator from the crew who did the incredible Yankee Air Pirate series .
Hat in the Ring
First expansion pack to Over Flander Fields
Steel Fury Add-on
Add-on to Steel Fury ( one of the best and most realistic WWII tank simulators ever made and winner of SimHQ ’s best amor sim of 2008 award )
Starfox : Shadows of Lylat
Freeware fan - made game running on modified Freespace2 engine
Wing Commander Saga
Freeware fan - made sequel running on modified Freespace2 engine
PT Boats : Knights of the Sea
Mosquito fleet simulator from Akella
Seven -G
Indie F - 18 Flight Sim .
SPORTS
Football Manager 2011
For the time being , this is still the best football management game on the planet .
Its depth , realism and sheer addictiveness are unrivalled , with additions like the real - time contract negotiations offsetting some familiar flaws .
– 8.0 from IGN
Poker Night at the Inventory
It comes with all the polish I ’d expect from Telltale , and while it only features Texas Hold ’em , is a really entertaining way to kill some time , especially if you want those TF2 unlocks .
It may not be the best poker game out there , but it is definitely the funniest .
And , as most people will tell you , a little humor goes a long way .
– 8.0 from IGN
Starters Orders 4
If you are looking for a horse simulation , Starters Orders 4 is a good choice .
The game features all of the options needed for a complete sports management game , only in equine format ( …) Starters Orders 4 delivers good value for fans of the genre .
People not interested in horse racing will be bored to death here , but if the prospect of raising and racing a cavalcade of horses is interesting to you , then Starters Orders 4 wins the roses .
7.5 from Out of Eight website
Tiger Woods PGA Tour Online
Browser based golf sim .
FIFA Manager 11
PUZZLE / CASUAL
With casual games I decided I need harsher criterias .
That ’s why when using Gamezebo ( biggest casual raview site ) I only list games with 80 % and more review score .
Classic Adventures : The Great Gatsby
Classic Adventures :
The Great Gatsby turns the rapidly growing stale HOG format square on its head , creating something that ’s familiar yet also brand new .
Even if you do n’t enjoy the source material ( I ca n’t stand it , personally ) , if you ’ve ever thought for a moment that you might want to try a hidden object game , make sure it ’s this one . – 9.5 from Gamezebo
Mystery Legends : The Phantom of the Opera
It ’s been a long time since I ’ve been this excited about a hidden object game but Mystery Legends : The Phantom of the Opera is easily one of the best I ’ve ever played .
It may well be the best .
I do n’t know what else I can say about it – and I do n’t know why you ’re still here reading this review .
Go !
Play !
Enjoy !
Just do n’t forget to come back and thank me later .
– 9.5 from Gamezebo
Heart ’s Medicine – Season One
All in all GameHouse Eindhoven is on a very good way to redefine the time management genre .
Both the last titles of the Emily - series and Heart ’s Medicine prove that connecting time management elements , puzzles , hidden objects , and a great storyline closely results in a very satisfying and original gaming experience .
If general traditions such as fixed shifts ( levels ) and upgrades would be abandoned for more coherent and free gameplay Heart ’s Medicine could really become a very interesting and original series in the future .
As of now it already is one of the best options you can find in the time management genre .
– 9.0 from Gamezebo
Fractal
Fractal is a fantastic puzzler , providing thoughtful , slow - paced action that ’s perfect for kicking back and unwinding with .
It will certainly provide a challenge , but is also simple enough to entice more casual players .
– 9.0 from Gamezebo
Women ’s Murder Club : Little Black Lies
There ’s no one big flaw to point to in Little Black Lies , but there are plenty of tiny irritants .
Fortunately , the sharp plot , inventive puzzles , and good voice acting are enough to smooth over the rough spots .
– 9.0 from Gamezebo
Virtual Villagers
4 : The Tree of Life
To say that Virtual Villagers 4 : The Tree of Life is just more of the same is both accurate and an over simplification .
To be sure , returning players will instantly recognize its design , interface , and play style ( and lament deficiencies shared by its predecessors — we still ca n’t scroll out to view the entire village , alas ) .
But the simple truth is that this game , like its forerunners , is an undeniably fun and long - lasting play bursting with clever new environmental conundrums .
Put more simply , if there ’s something wrong with Virtual Villagers ’ formula , then I do n’t want Last Day of Work to make it right .
– 9.0 from Gamezebo
Robin ’s Quest : A Legend is Born
Robin ’s Quest : A Legend Born is a fun retelling of a familiar tale , adapting well - known characters to a new and inventive adventure .
Say it with me now , everyone : For England ! – 9.0 from Gamezebo
My Kingdom for the Princess 2
All in all My Kingdom for the Princess 2 continues to impress and greatly improves on the unique formula set out by the first game .
Flaws are rare to come by and are greatly overshadowed by the positive points and enjoyable features .
Similar titles who will try to surpass this series will have to do more than just copying that formula , particularly because My Kingdom for the Princess 2 has just increased the standard notably . – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Samantha Swift and the Fountains of Fate
The Samantha Swift series has always provided rock - solid hidden object experiences , but each iteration improves on the last .
Fountains of Fate is colorful , bold , clever , and expertly - crafted – my one regret is that my time with Samantha was over just a bit too quickly .
Or perhaps it just seemed that way because I could n’t stop playing . – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Academagia : The Making of Mages
While the slow pace and insane amount of depth may turn off some , they ’re also what make Academagia so engaging .
It ’s so easy to lose hours of your life tinkering with your character , trying to complete quests or explore the Academy or catch up on botany lessons .
It ’s the kind of game that ’s aimed at a very specific niche of people , and for them , it ’s perfect .
Academagia allows you to enter an extraordinarily well thought out world of fantasy and be whoever you want to be .
It ’s the next best thing to catching the train at platform 9 and 3/4. – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Totem Tribe GOLD
Totem Tribe
Gold offers everything you would expect from a real hit : Beautiful and diverse graphics , gameplay that oozes innovation , a playtime of easily 30 hours and more , replayability that other games can only dream to offer , and an exciting storyline as the icing on the cake .
With all the new additions it is definitely worth a look for everyone who enjoyed the original Totem Tribe , and gamers who have n’t played the original should try it too . – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Snark Busters : Welcome to the Club
Snark Busters is fantastic .
It offers about three hours of very enjoyable play time , with tons of hidden object searches , puzzles and mini- games that make you feel like you ’re actually solving a mystery and a very high level of polish from start to finish .
Will you catch the Snark ?
I do n’t want to spoil that surprise for you , but as Ian Gillan told us back in 1984 , it ’s not the kill , it ’s the thrill of the chase .
And Snark Busters : Welcome to the Club is one chase that delivers in spades . – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Ranch Rush 2
Alongside the main casual mode , you can also unlock expert and free - play modes that switch up the difficulty a bit .
Other features like achievements , trophies , and optional Facebook connectivity further round out this stellar time - management game .
Ranch Rush 2 simply looks great , plays great , and is a perfect example of a time management done well . – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Deadtime Stories
My sole complaint about Deadtime Stories is that it ’s a bit short , clocking in at perhaps 3 hours .
The story was so enthralling , it felt like I was done in five minutes , however .
The one consolation is that Jessie ’s tale seems to be the first in the Deadtime Stories series ; there are many other ghosts in the graveyard , after all , each with their own story to tell . – 9.0 from Gamezebo
A Gypsy ’s Tale
You ’ll probably see the climax to A Gypsy ’s Tale coming a mile away , but you ’ll have had such an enjoyable time getting there that you ’re not too likely to care .
The finale sets the stage for a sequel , which I ’m hoping comes along sooner rather than later . – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Delve Deeper
It would have been nice to have some sort of main story mode to accompany the single battle mode , but even without this Delve Deeper is highly enjoyable , even if you are n’t a huge fan of strategy games – and with such a modest price tag , this really is one experience you should look into . – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Word Pirate
One of the most refreshing and unique takes on word puzzle gameplay in what has become an otherwise very stale genre .
The story mode takes a handful of hours to complete , and because of the nature of the core gameplay and the captivating story , it never feels trite or boring .
Word Pirate is an excellent choice for anyone who likes word puzzle games and also has a soft spot in their hearts for swashbuckling adventure . – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Puppet Show : Souls of the Innocent
About as good as hidden objects get .
Its scenery is stunning , and while there is perhaps a bit too much backtracking , its puzzles are top - notch , satisfying , and clever .
The solutions to the puzzles are n’t always as intuitive as they could be , but so long as you just look everywhere ( which you ’re going to want to do anyway because the game is so gorgeous ) and try everything , the moments of confusion should be brief .
It ’s a masterful showing and an absolute must - play for anyone who likes their villains good and creepy . – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Robinson Crusoe and the Cursed Pirates
Robinson Crusoe and the Cursed Pirates is a stunner of a game ; the hand - drawn art is beautifully detailed and the pirates themselves each feel like distinct individuals , rather than just The Next Guy On The List .
My own sole regret is that the game felt like it was over almost before it began , though that has more to do with how much fun it is to play rather than it genuinely being too short .
( But , hey , if the developers would like to make a sequel , I ’m not about to complain ! ) – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Deep Blue Sea 2
Many of the upgrades and additions in Deep Blue Sea 2 are well thought out and smartly implemented .
The effort The Game Equation put into actually figuring out areas it could improve upon is something I ’d like to see mirrored in more casual title sequels .
It ’s a fun game that goes far beyond slapping another set of levels on the same old mechanics . – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Dark Parables : Curse of the Briar Rose
Dark Parables : Curse of Briar
Rose will only take you about three hours to finish , but waking Sleeping Beauty unlocks Hard Mode , and the Collector ’s Edition offers extra side puzzles , too .
The final showdown seems to come out of left field , but it ’s the sole knock against an otherwise marvelous game that ’s worthy of your attention . – 9.0 from Gamezebo
Cooking Dash 3 : Thrills & Spills
As more and more Dash games are released , I approach them more and more skeptically , doubting whether they can actually build upon the gameplay that I love .
But Cooking Dash 3 does it , and does it wonderfully .
I ’ve had way more fun playing this game than I ’ve had playing some console games that cost almost 10 times more .
If you ’re a hardcore gamer who has never tried a Dash game , I really encourage you to give Cooking Dash 3 a try .
I think you ’ll be pleasantly surprised at what you find .
If you ’re already a Dash fan , then this is a must - buy .
– 8.5 from IGN
Nightfall Mysteries : Curse of the Opera
Nightfall Mysteries : Curse of the Opera has a dark sense of humor , wonderful hand - drawn art , mind - bending puzzles , and good solid object hunts .
It ’s not the longest or most difficult HOG you ’re ever going to encounter , but its polished presentation and amusing characters more than make up for its shortcoming – 8.0 from Gamezebo
The Clumsys 2 : Butterfly Effect
Overall , however , these are minor quibbles that should n’t distract from the fact that The Clumsys 2 is a very good game .
There ’s even a slight educational benefit to be found , as each level includes small tidbits of information about where and when each invention was made , and with 30 of the world ’s most famous inventions waiting to be completed , it ’s not something most people are likely to finish up very quickly – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Big City Adventure : Vancouver
Its art is pleasant and its searches are solid , but what Big City Adventure : Vancouver really has going for it is sheer size .
Even if you ’re a speed demon , it ’s going to take you quite a while to burn through all 69 levels , especially if you stop to read the informative post cards that pop up when you ’ve finished a scene .
It ’s not going to blow you away with its story ( it does n’t really have one ) , or its gameplay ( you ’ve done all of this before ) , but if you ’re in the mood for a HOG , or the Winter Olympics , or both , a trip to Vancouver would be time well spent .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Unsolved Mystery Club : Amelia Earhart
MC : Amelia Earhart is one of the best hidden object games I ’ve played in a long time .
The searches are fun , the pacing is excellent and the presentation and polish are absolutely second to none .
There ’s no mystery here : Unsolved Mystery Club : Amelia Earhart is one game that every hidden object fan needs to try . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Tulula : Legend of a Volcano
Tulula : Legend of a Volcano blends HOG , puzzle and city building gameplay ( …) With eleven chapters to progress through , Tulula is a fairly long title in the point - and - click space , lasting upwards of six hours , depending on your dependence ( or lack thereof ) on hints and puzzle “ skips . ”
Each element of the gameplay may have been seen elsewhere , but when combined , it all feels new and fresh , especially with the unique graphical theme .
If you ’re a fan of the many elements represented here , the game is sure to please .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Youda Farmer 2
re are a lot of charming details to be found , and it is very rewarding to realize how complex the game really is .
Different levels require different strategies and it might take some time to learn those , but it is definitely worth it .
All in all Youda Farmer 2 : Save the Village offers a very satisfying gaming experience .
Sustaining the core of its prequel , but solving major issues and adding logical and welcome improvements and features prove to be a reliable recipe for successful and high quality sequels .
Help that small village against Big Boss and enjoy this challenging and rather unique time management game .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Great Migrations
Great Migrations is a line drawing game , not unlike Flight Control on the iPod / iPad .
You ’ll guide animals from one side of the screen to the other by painting a line for them to follow with your mouse .
You ’ll avoid predators and other dangers while trying to take advantage of things like wind to aid you on getting all the animals migrated safely – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Farm Tribe
In the end Farm Tribe still might be the ideal game for people who dislike both the lack of specific tasks in the Virtual Villagers series and the pressure and rush in time management games , although there is a lot of room left for improvement .
Graphics and sounds could be a lot more polished , and at times it would have been better if there were more things to do , but all in all the pace and the number of features of Farm Tribe are satisfying .
If you are looking for a relaxing version of Ranch Rush with a bit of mystery this might be exactly your game .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Campfire Legends : The Babysitter
Sequel to The Hookman even scarier than its predecessor .
( … ) Campfire Legends :
The Babysitter is an excellent sequel to a promising trilogy that leaves us shivering , and yet dying to know more .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Mystery Trackers : The Void
Mystery Trackers is a polished and enjoyable hidden object adventure that should hit all the right notes with fans of the genre .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Jewel Quest : The Sleepless Star
In short , Jewel Quest : The Sleepless Star is a great addition to the Jewel Quest match - 3 franchise .
Like its predecessors , it offers weeks and weeks of gameplay for those who want to achieve everything there is to unlock .
The American frontier setting adds some freshness to the series too , and the interesting story and top - notch presentation make you want to stick around to see what happens next .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
The Island Castaway
The detailed graphics , long list of items and extra challenges makes the price tag worth it .
It ’s a polished product , and for one targeted at casual gamers , it offers lots in the way of questing and exploration .
There are natives to befriend , ancient statues to collect , trees to fell , tools to acquire ( and upgrade ) , bartering to do , caves and forests to venture into , watermelons to eat and mysteries to solve .
You ’ll spend hours playing The Island Castaway .
The tribe has spoken .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Columbus : Ghost of the Mystery Stone
Ghost of the Mystery Stone may not have many puzzles or minigames , but the ones it does have are well - executed and inventive – even if they do n’t always make a whole lot of sense .
With a mere 30 days before he turns to stone and a long ocean voyage ahead of him , Columbus probably should n’t be taking time out to paint an accurate rendition of his ship the Pinta , but it makes for a fun minigame , so who cares ?
Columbus : Ghost of the Mystery Stone is light on story and puzzle - solving , but brings real style and artistry to its object searches .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Knightfall : Death and Taxes does a wonderful job of infusing match - 3 gameplay with RPG elements .
The action can become rather tricky at times , but overall this is a journey definitely worth taking . (…)
It ’s one of the freshest match - 3 puzzlers I ’ve played in a while , and you ’ll most likely find yourself hooked by its challenging gameplay and charming visuals – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Paradise Beach 2 : Around the World
In the end we can safely recommend Paradise Beach 2 to all fans of building simulations .
Minor issues aside , the game features a highly entertaining and diverse story mode , which serves players who love challenge and those who prefer a relaxed pace at the same time .
The latter ones can disregard the timer and develop their resorts at personal leisure , while the former ones will welcome the high pressure that ensues the effort to beat any level in gold time .
Give it a shot and see if you are a born resort developer .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Victorian Mysteries : Woman in White
Victorian Mysteries : Woman in White is an excellent game .
It starts strong , finishes strong and never overstays its welcome .
Puzzle fans may find it a little lightweight , but the fast pace , engaging story and exceptionally high level of production make this one a winner .
If you ’re a hidden object fan , this is one game you wo n’t want to miss .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Heroes of Kalevala
Heroes of Kalevala mixes building and RPG elements with the match - 3 genre to great effect , and there are many hours of enjoyable grid - searching and village building to be found .
Make sure to check out the demo if you ’re at all interested .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Trinklit Supreme
Trinklet is very much an old - school casual game : easy - in , instant gratification gameplay with no way to “ fail , ” perfectly suited for short bursts of play – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Dachinko
If you ’ve got a hankering for some Pachinko fun , this new offering from Gamecask may just do the trick .
Dachinko offers ball - launching gameplay with huge addictive qualities and a very distinct graphical style . (… ) Dachinko provides plenty of addictive Pachinko gaming with a lovely authentic feel .
Pick up a copy and prepare to say “ just one more game ” a fair few times – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Echoes of the Past : The Castle of Shadows
Put plainly , Echoes of the Past : The Castle of Shadows is one of the best hidden object games I ’ve played this year .
Great production values , challenging tasks , and a healthy duration add up to terrific value .
It ’s a must - play for fans of puzzles , adventure , and hidden object hunts . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Nightfall Mysteries : Asylum Conspiracy
Asylum Conspiracy is a wonderfully spooky mystery with over - the - top characters and a great aesthetic .
If it were n’t for the endless backtracking – really , hitting the back arrow twelve times to get from one room to the next is not a recipe for fun – and the deja vu of some of the searches , it would pretty much be a perfect experience .
As it is , it ’s merely fantastic . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Enlightenus II : The Timeless Tower
If what you ’re interested in is a new take on the old HOG genre , then Enlightenus 2 : The Timeless Tower might be right up your alley .
With top - notch production values , an engaging story and even a bit of a heart - warming moral at the end , it does n’t just do something different , it does it all very well .
It ’s not a perfect game but it ’s awfully good and absolutely worth giving a try . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Puzzle Quest 2
Puzzle Quest 2 is much more than a simply slapping a fresh coat of paint onto the first game and calling it a sequel .
Fundamental changes have been made to both the RPG and match - 3 portions of the game with the result that emphasis seems more on combat than role - playing and exploration .
Players who thought Challenge of the Warlords got bogged down under the weight of its epic fantasy setting will appreciate Puzzle Quest 2 ’s more streamlined approach .
Personally , while I found the match - 3 as addictive as ever ( the “ one more round ” hook is still firmly in place ) , the streamlining of the world around it made the game seem like that much more of a grind . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Ski Resort Mogul
Ski Resort Mogul should be a blast for all fans of building simulations , and especially for those who already loved the previous parts of this series , because it continues to improve in quality .
If you can overlook the shallow and cliched storyline and do n’t mind a cumbersome hidden object scene every once in a while , this game will convince you with good replayability , the requirement of planning ahead and a fast pace that will keep you on your toes . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Redrum : Time Lies
Redrum : Times Lies is “ horrible , ” and that ’s what makes it a whole lot of fun .
The gameplay can start to feel repetitive after awhile , but it ’s very well put - together and the outstanding production values help keep it feeling fresh .
But ultimately , it ’s the dark take on the hidden object genre that really makes this game interesting .
Most hidden object games are sanitized and safe , so that even those built around murder most foul tend to stay within kid-friendly boundaries , but you ’ll find no such protection here .
Redrum : True Lies is macabre and grotesque , the sort of game your teenage son would be proud to see you play .
In this case , that ’s a good thing . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Bee Garden
While this game works a lot like other farming titles ( ie. Country Harvest or Ranch Rush ) , the charm of the story and the focus on bees and tasty honey makes it special .
Things start on the slow side with a somewhat lengthy tutorial and a lack of challenge , but the gameplay steps up rather quickly afterwards with the inclusion of new pests , stricter time limits , and the addition of power - ups .
Bee Garden :
The Lost Queen is an addictive title that will be worth your while if you ’re into time management adventures with a touch of personality . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
GabCab
GabCab is definitely an entertaining game , highly original , and proving how to make a real stand - out sequel .
The game does not simply improve the experience of Airport Mania , it creates a totally new experience that still resembles the other game enough to satisfy older fans and newcomers .
GabCab receives four stars and a recommendation from us , so enjoy the ride . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Masquerade Mysteries : The Case of the Copycat Curator
Masquerade Mysteries is a bit better than your average HOG .
It ’s not particularly replayable , but the three - to - four hours I spent with it felt adequate and satisfying .
By no means essential , but it should prove a decent fix for ravenous HOGgers . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
KrissX
Although there are some hiccups in some of KrissX ’s incidental content , the meat of the game is executed very well , and makes this game a worthwhile purchase for any word game fan . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Soccer Cup Solitaire
If card games are your forte and you ’re keen on football , this may just be a match made in heaven .
Soccer Cup Solitaire is addictive fun for both children and adults alike .
Make sure to check out the demo featuring one hour of play . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Burger Bustle
Burger Bustle is a game with a lot of depth that constantly switches things - up to keep you from getting bored .
That said , it can be frustrating further along in the game when customers simply just do n’t order the foods you need to meet order quotas in a timely manner .
This will sometimes prevent you from achieving the gold and silver time medals needed to boost your score quickly .
Otherwise , the gameplay is varied and exciting , and the upbeat visuals and charming customer shenanigans balance out the focus - intensive juggling act . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
The Clockwork Man : The Hidden World
My grips with The Hidden World are few .
The cutscenes drag a bit because rather than clicking on a bit of dialogue to advance to the next part , you have to wait for the voice - over to finish .
The story is a tad trite too , although better than most hidden object fare .
In short , fans of hidden object adventures can download this one with confidence . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Elixir of Immortality
The story of Elixir of Immortality is immensely fun , with enough twists and turns to keep you guessing .
If only there were more to it .
Even taking your time , you ’ll be done with the game in two or three hours at best .
They ’ll be very enjoyable hours , though ; consider Elixir of Immortality to be the beach reading of hidden object games . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Brunhilda and the Dark Crystal
Brunhilda and the Dark Crystal is wonderfully polished , with a funny story and charming characters , but its item searches are frustratingly repetitious and the endless backtracking really got on my nerves .
It ’s worth trying if only to see how lovely it is – just be ready for some serious déja vu. – from Gamezebo
Puzzle Dimension
For those who are able to curb the frustration that meets repeated failure and learn from their mistakes , however , Puzzle Dimension is the kind of addictive encounter that sends your brain into overdrive – foxing you while you ’re actually playing it , and dominating your thoughts while you ’re not . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
ColorCube
There ’s certainly challenge enough in the levels ColorCube serves up of its own accord .
Balancing out the need for complexity with the prudence required to keep people on board , the game ’s grid - based play is one quandary it ’s worth finding the key for . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Tiger Eye : Curse of the Riddle Box
Shortcomings notwithstanding , Tiger Eye : Curse of the Riddle Box is a very good HOG with plenty of minigames , an enjoyable story and high production values , including impressive artwork and music .
It might not be for everyone ( read : men ) , but considering most video games are designed for guys , a female - focused game is a welcomed change . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Agatha Christie 4:50 From Paddington
Agatha Christie 4:50 From Paddington is another excellent contribution to the mystery author ’s hidden object library .
The searches are well constructed and there are enough intriguing twists in the expected gameplay to keep it all feeling fresh . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Midnight Mysteries : Salem Witch Trials
Salem Witch Trials plays a lot like The Edgar Allen Poe Conspiracy –with dark , beautiful graphics , a compelling story , and a solid mixture of HOG and point and click adventure elements — but also fixes most of the issues the first game had .
The puzzles are more logical this time around and the HOG scenes do n’t feature clues with multiple solutions .
All this amounts to a wonderfully spooky game that , while a little on the easy side , is still incredibly enjoyable .
Salem Witch Trials manages to overcome the sophomore curse and offer up an experience that ’s even better than the original . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Flux Family Secrets : The Rabbit Hole
The Rabbit Hole does n’t do much that you did n’t already see in the first Flux Family , instead it builds upon that foundation , helping to further expand Jessie ’s story and the mystery of the time travelling Flux ’s .
It also offers up quite a lengthy adventure , encompassing 12 chapters that will take several hours to finish .
And what it loses in originality it makes up for with quality , offering a fun adventure that sure to please HOG fans . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Slingo Quest Egypt
Slingo fans can buy with confidence , Slingo decriers can avoid without worry , and newcomers should give the one hour free trial a shot to see if this popular franchise is their cup of tea . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Rachel ’s Retreat
we highly recommend Rachel ’s Retreat to all fans of the genre and newcomers alike .
The graphics and the way you improve your spa are enough to distinguish this new release from older , similar titles , and apart from some minor flaws the game presents an entertaining gaming experience of high quality .
We cannot say for sure whether you will hit nirvana while playing it , but you will enjoy it without a doubt . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Fishdom 2
The play has been so expertly executed and with such artistic verve that I really doubt many people will begrudge this sequel ’s lack of original concepts .
If you ’re a fan of match - three games , Fishdom 2 ’s intuitive design , relaxed pace , and visual and auditory stylings are almost certain to appeal .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Special Enquiry Detail
It ’s worth making the effort to tune out the voice acting and overlook the few minor mistakes here and there , though .
It ’s not perfect , but Special Enquiry Detail is a very smart and satisfying adventure for mystery junkies . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Strange Cases : The Lighthouse Mystery
Strange Cases :
The Lighthouse Mystery is very impressive and goes well above and beyond merely hitting all the usual HOG touchstones .
It ’s fun , it ’s challenging , it looks great and it even manages to tell a reasonably coherent story , and at around three hours of solid gameplay it ’s got some decent staying power , too .
It all adds up to a very solid , entertaining game that hidden object fans should definitely give a second look .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Buried in Time
Buried in Time ’s clever gameplay , great story and attractive graphics makes it one of the more charming digital downloads of the season . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Paige Harper and the Tome of Mystery
Even if Paige Harper and the Tome of Mystery was n’t wonderfully inventive , clever , and cheeky , I ’d tell you to play it simply because it is so incredibly beautiful .
Each chapter is simply gorgeous and immediately recognizable to anyone familiar with that particular story , but everything in the game is lovely , even the main menu .
If you ’re looking for a beautifully polished HOG experience , Paige Harper is the way to go . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Life Quest
Life Quest is a triumphant combination of multiple genres , wrapped in a great - looking game that drips with personality .
If Big Fish Games could address some of these issues they might just have a new and successful casual game franchise on their hands .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Escape the Lost Kingdom
3D is a nice touch , but in the end the game succeeds not because of dazzling effects but because it ’s a lot of fun to play .
It ’s challenging but never outright difficult , and there ’s enough variety to keep things fresh from start to finish .
Gogii Games has done a nice job of blending the individual components into a sharp , entertaining overall package that has a lot to offer hidden object fans and adventure gamers alike ; the 3D element may not revolutionize the casual game genre , but Escape the Lost Kingdom is good enough that it does n’t have to . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Mole Control
Minor complaints aside , Mole Control takes an old formula and makes it new again .
The style , originality and simple fun were absolutely top notch .
The presentation made this feel like a strong PopCap release , but this is n’t even a PopCap game !
No matter how tired you think you are of Minesweeper , Mole Control will make you fall in love with its gameplay all over again .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Settlement : Colossus
While the end result of Settlement : Colossus is n’t quite as interesting as the core idea it presents , the game is still solid and enjoyable .
The gameplay , while a bit on the repetitive side , is unique and refreshing and the visuals are absolutely wonderful .
The game also provides a very lengthy adventure that is sure to keep would - be settlers busy for quite some time .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Empress of the Deep : The Darkest Secret
mpress of the Deep : The Darkest Secret is one of the most entertaining hidden object games I ’ve played in a long time .
With a fantastic setting , engaging environments , fun puzzles and a dark twist , it ’s a great choice for gamers looking for a relaxed experience with a bit of an edge to it .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
The Tarot ’s Misfortune
These are minor quibbles about what is otherwise a beautiful and refreshingly different HOG .
The mechanic of having to peek around objects in the foreground should be more than enough to attract fans of the genre , but the gorgeous visuals are the icing on the cake – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Wizard Land
Given that there are about 90 levels , and each level is as dynamic as the last , Wizard Land offers hours of amazing , original puzzle gameplay .
Given how few stand - out puzzlers are out there , Wizard Land is definitely not to be missed .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Mortimer Beckett and the Lost King
Mortimer Beckett and The Lost King is a touch too short to get full marks ( expect about four hours of gameplay if you do n’t rely too heavily on the game ’s generous hint system ) , but nevertheless it ’s an enjoyable and polished ride that makes most of the other recently - released hidden object / adventure games look embarrassingly amateurish by comparison .
This is one well - crafted gem that you wo n’t want to miss out on .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Nora Roberts : Vision in White
Aside from these issues , which are minor in the face of everything the game does right , Nora Roberts : Vision in White is a solid choice for hidden object game fans that do n’t mind being challenged a little . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Treasure Seekers : Follow the Ghosts
Treasure Seekers : Follow the Ghosts is an exceptional game that certainly raises the bar for HOGs in terms of visual appeal and good gameplay .
Big fans of HOGs should n’t miss it , and it might be good enough to make a convert out of someone skeptical about the genre .
This is the rare game that can offer real challenge on Advanced without being pointlessly confusing .
Played on Normal , it ’s a perfectly seamless casual experience . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Magic Encyclopedia 3 : Illusions
Magic Encyclopedia
3 : Illusions should satisfy fans of casual adventure games who enjoy searching for “ fractured ” objects that all have a purpose rather than laundry lists of random clutter .
And while the game does have a satisfying ending , the door is left open for even more adventures to come . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
The Mystery of the Crystal Portal : Beyond the Horizon
Mystery of the Crystal Portal : Beyond the Horizon is a stunning , well - designed hidden object experience .
It has a few mildly annoying quirks , but the pros far outweigh the cons . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
The Dream Voyagers
The Dream Voyagers is also just bursting with personality .
Its cartoony style is eye - pleasing , colorful , and charming , making it a pleasure to tour around the dreamscapes of the townsfolk .
Everything about the game is clever , charming , and polished , which brings me to my one sole complaint – there ’s just not enough of it .
Well , that ’s not really true .
The game itself will take you about three hours to finish , but the Bonus Rounds and Déja vu mode – which lets you replay completed levels – add an hour or two onto that .
But I wanted more , just the same .
Call me greedy if you like , but I blame it on GameHouse for making something so darn fun . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
The Lost Cases of 221B Baker Street
Armchair sleuths who enjoy HOGs and other head - scratching puzzles will find this detective adventure a gratifying download .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Mahjongg Dimensions Deluxe
Small technical quibbles and missed opportunities aside , Mahjongg Dimensions Deluxe offered up a wonderful new experience in the traditionally tried - and - true world of mahjong solitaire .
Massive three dimensional puzzles that force you to spin the playing field offer up a new challenge all on their own , and the addition of a swift but fair timer means that the game remains challenging even when you ’ve mastered its unique twist .
Mahjong fan should stand up and take notice – this is the biggest thing to happen to the genre in a long time . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
The Mirror Mysteries
.
It ’s a shame that it ’s over so quickly , as its inventive style is a refreshing change of pace from the usual hunts .
If you do n’t mind the briefness of the encounter , though , this is a particularly enjoyable HOG .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
The Oil Blue
The Oil Blue has distinguished gameplay that separates itself from a lot of click - management titles .
– 7.5 from Out of Eight website
Bejeweled 3
Another entry in the biggest casual puzzle series .
Farmlands
By Caffeinated Games , a company founded by the former Lead Tools Engineer of Zipper Interactive ( SOCOM fame ) Greg Chudecke who prior to Zipper worked on Backyard Skateboarding ( Atari ) and Lord of the Rings : The Fellowship of the Ring ( Black Label Games )
Venture Dinosauria
Third in Pocketwatch ’s series .
The first one ( Venture Africe ) was Independent Games Festival finalist , the second one ( Venture Artic ) won GameTunnel ’s Sim of the Year Award .
Tidalis
Indie puzzle game from the makers of AI War .
Revenge of the Titans !
Tower defense game from Puppy Games , makers of Droid Assault , Titan Attack and Ultratron .
Fool and his money
Sequel to legendary Fool ’s Errand .
Pontifex III
Sequel to one of best indie puzzle games ever made
Mass Effect 2
Games like Mass Effect 2 do n’t come around often enough .
Look at any aspect and you can be sure it ’s great .
It ’s incredibly personal while still retaining a sense of epic sweeping scale .
The combat and mission design are outstanding .
The visuals , voice acting , soundtrack , and direction are miles ahead of the competition .
Perhaps most impressively , Mass Effect 2 manages to fulfill its incredible ambition while only suffering from very few technical hiccups .
– 9.6 from IGN
Mass Effect 2 : Lair of the Shadow Broker
If you have n’t been interested in any of the previous DLCs because they only offered self - contained stories , start getting excited about Lair of the Shadow Broker .
There are a few reasons to snag this and play through it immediately .
First , this is the only downloadable content so far that will actually influence Mass Effect 3 .
Second , if you romanced Liara in the original game and want to re-kindle that flame you finally can .
And third , there ’s a great narrative complemented by fun combat .
If you can only afford one piece of extra content for Mass Effect 2 , this is the one to spend your money on .
– 9.5 from IGN
Mass Effect 2 : Overlord
The whole package is quite fantastic , but again I have to remind you that it is a bit short .
My playthrough clocked in at somewhere around one or two hours .
All it took was one easy afternoon and I ’d had my fill and earned 15 of the 25 new achievement points .
Even so , Overlord is a winner and one of my favorite sets of Mass Effect missions yet .
Go give it a try . – 9.0 from IGN
Mass Effect 2 : Kasumi’s Stolen Memory
Kasumi’s Stolen Memory is a great little quest , but for most the “ little ” part will be a sticking point .
– 7.5 from IGN
BioShock 2
Anyone looking for a first - person shooter that offers more than flat , stereotypical characters and copy - and - paste supersoldier plots , one that attempts to establish a sense of right and wrong and loops you into the decision making process , and one that ’s set in one of the most vividly realized settings around should pick up BioShock 2 .
It ’s a game in which story , setting , and gameplay are expertly blended to create an experience that ’s as thought - provoking as it is entertaining .
– 9.1 from IGN
Fallout : New Vegas
Fallout : New Vegas is the game that many wanted Fallout 3 to be .
It ’s harder , more ruthless , better written and more morally ambiguous .
It ’s a game we ’ve been wanting to play for more than a decade , a real modern re-imagining of the Fallout series , complete with that deliciously black humour .
But it ’s also more of the same , aesthetically and technically identical to Fallout 3 , wonky facial animation and all .
The ever - so - slightly ageing technology only marginally detracts from what is otherwise an expansive , fulfilling and ambitious game , unmatched in scope and maturity .
If Obsidian were to make another Fallout game , we certainly would n’t say no .
– 9.0 from IGN
Need For Speed : Hot Pursuit
Need For Speed : Hot Pursuit is pure over - the - top driving entertainment .
The cars and environments are gorgeous , the crashes are spectacular , and the new Autolog feature breathes new life into the time - honored tradition of video game competition among friends .
The single - player races can become somewhat repetitive and there are some presentation issues , but overall , Hot Pursuit is a blast .
If you ’re looking for a high - octane racer that grabs on tight but does n’t take itself too seriously , give this one a shot .
– 9.0 from IGN
Super Meat Boy
Super Meat Boy is one of the best modern platformers .
It ’s infuriating , exasperating , and arduous , but it ’s also delightful , thrilling , and hilarious .
The NES games of yore were simultaneously simpler and more challenging than today ’s games , a quality perfectly emulated here .
Invite some friends over and pass the controller around — you ’re gonna need all the help you can get .
– 9.0 from IGN
Transformers : War for Cybertron
Transformers : War for Cybertron has taken the magic of playing with plastic and metal toys that turn into cool s**t both alone and with friends and have distilled that into something pretty special .
This is a surprise , dark horse contender for best way to spend your time online this summer . – 9.0 from IGN
NyxQuest
NyxQuest : Kindred Spirits was essential WiiWare , and is now essential PC and Mac gaming too .
If you ’re looking for a clever side - scrolling platform filled with lovely ideas and puzzles and huge levels to explore , you should definitely check Nyx ’s journey out ( … ) It ’s one of the most enjoyable platformers you ’ll play this year .
– 9.0 from Gamezebo
Battlefield : Bad Company 2
Those looking at Bad Company 2 as only a single - player game might come away disappointed .
It ’s an action packed , gorgeous , and explosive game but it does n’t quite come together into a campaign for the ages .
It more feels like an added bonus to the multiplayer game and for those in search of that , this is a great choice .
Bad Company 2 as an online shooter is flexible and engaging , offering several features that the competition can only dream of .
If you ’re looking for a more strategic and team - based change of pace , look no further .
This is the game for you .– 8.9 from IGN
Assassin ’s Creed II
Assassin ’s Creed II transforms a middling action game into an intriguing and consistently entertaining open - world adventure ( … ) The experience is layered , unique , and shows an incredible attention to detail .
This is one case where the sequel has triumphed over the original by catching the gameplay up to the already excellent visuals .
No matter what your preconceptions are about Assassin ’s Creed II , the game is well worth your time and money .
– 8.9 from IGN
Monkey Island 2 : LeChuck ’s Revenge – Special Edition
There ’s something for everyone in Monkey Island 2 Special Edition .
Fans will appreciate the colorful commentary from the franchise creators and unlockable art gallery , while those intimidated by the adventure games of the past will find comfort in the simplified controls , object highlighting and hint system . – 8.9 from IGN
Just Cause 2
I have n’t had this much fun with an open - world game in years .
Just Cause 2 is over - the - top and insanely fun .
There are some issues in the game ’s presentation and the checkpoint system is far from perfect , but Just Cause 2 is otherwise a must - play for adrenaline junkies .
Rico Rodriguez might just be my new hero . – 8.8 from IGN
Borderlands : The Secret Armory of General Knoxx
If you enjoyed Borderlands and still wanted more , then definitely download The Secret Armory of General Knoxx .
The main story line is still a blast even if you go it alone and some of the side quests will challenge the most hardened team of Boarderlands veterans .
This is by far the best of the three add - ons for the core game , and the most fun I had since I completed the main game last year . – 8.8 from IGN
Call of Duty : Black Ops
Call of Duty : Black
Ops is a great overall package that has a ton of content to enjoy .
The multiplayer modes are largely based on what was established by Modern Warfare , but the twists that Treyarch throws in work well .
My biggest issue with the multiplayer is that the new Wager Matches , while fun in their own right , do n’t compare favorably to the high - quality and addictive leveling system and game modes from Modern Warfare 1 and 2 .
Single - player is as exhaustingly fast - paced as ever with large set pieces that try to take the attention off of the lackluster AI of both friends and enemies .
That withstanding , the story is the best I ’ve ever seen from a Call of Duty game .
Couple both of those substantial offerings with more Zombie content than some full - fledged zombie games and Black Ops is certainly worth your time , even if you are n’t already a fan of the series .
– 8.5 from IGN
Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light
Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light is a great adventure , especially if you ’re playing co-op .
Despite the silly story and dialogue , I had more fun with it than any Tomb Raider in recent memory .
With a great new look , clever puzzles , and loads of fun stuff to collect , this is an extreme makeover for Lara of which you will surely approve .
– 8.5 from IGN
R.U.S.E .
RUSE takes a while to warm up , but once it does , it ’s cracking stuff , as the game ’s unfailingly proper British generals would no doubt put it .
The Ruse mechanics do much to breathe fresh air into the genre , allowing for a pleasing game of tank - based poker .
Its faults – that slow , slow pacing and yawning , sluggish start – are largely the result of this approach , and we ’re inclined to forgive them for the focus on the original psychological gameplay it creates .
– 8.5 from IGN
F1 2010
But such teething problems do n’t obscure the fact that F1 2010 is easily the best Grand Prix game since Geoff Crammond was on the beat .
Its driving is second to none and is brought alive by a dynamic weather system , while its racing is as thrilling as the real thing .
It ’s an exacting take by a team that clearly understands what makes F1 tick , and while a handful of issues hold it back from challenging Forza and Gran Turismo just yet , for now racing fans can rest assured that the world ’s fastest sport is in safe hands .
– 8.5 from IGN
Deathspank
If you like sweet loot , hacking things to death , looking at beautiful landscapes and laughing at good writing , you might want to pick up DeathSpank .
However , although the game shines in many areas , it does have its flaws .
Questing can turn into a noticeable chore , and I would have gladly substituted some of the “ go fetch ” missions in favor of some more brainteasers .
Still , DeathSpank is a fun adventure worth exploring .
– 8.5 from IGN
DeathSpank : Thongs of Virtue
If you enjoyed the first DeathSpank , you ’re gonna love Thongs of Virtue .
It ’s just as addictive , just as pretty , and I dare say it ’s even a little funnier .
Fans of quests and , more importantly , sidequests will find more missions here than they know what to do with .
Hopefully this wo n’t be the last we see of DeathSpank .
– 8.5 from IGN
Dragon Age : Origins – Awakening
t should come as no surprise to fans of the original game that Dragon Age Origins Awakening is going to give you more of what you want .
There ’s an epic story with choices that really matter , fantasy combat with loads of amazing enemies , and a deep character system with lots of flexibility .
It has a strong narrative connection to the original game , but the sense that your previous choices matter is n’t as strong as we ’d have liked .
I still miss the old companions , but the new characters are just as interesting once you get to know them . – 8.5 from IGN
LEGO Harry Potter : Years 1 - 4
LEGO Harry Potter : Years 1 - 4 is a love letter to fans of the Boy Who Lived .
The comedic cutscenes toying with canon , the hundreds of hidden things to find , and the general sense of a great LEGO game paired with a great series really makes this game a standout .
There are still a few issues to buff out , but there ’s plenty in LEGO Harry Potter : Years 1 - 4 to keep you coming back for more . – 8.5 from IGN
Split Second
In the end though , Split / Second has so much going for it that it ’s easy to recommend for kart and arcade racing fans alike .
The visuals are great , the sound impresses , and there ’s enough game between the singleplayer season mode and fun multiplayer to last you quite a while .
While there are flaws , these are more than made up for with strong design , and the power play mechanic brings the ever elusive addictive x- factor that so many games try and fail to capture .
Even if racing games are n’t typically your thing , Split / Second offers enough action and fun to recommend to everyone . – 8.5 from IGN
Dragon Age : Origins – Return to Ostagar
Return to Ostagar does n’t add anything revolutionary to the Dragon Age experience .
You ’ll know exactly what you ’re in for from the moment you load it up .
With that said , it ’s every bit as good as the content that came with the original game , and it gives the Warden a chance to tie up one of the campaign ’s loose ends .
Throw in a fair bit of impressive loot , some of which will actually stay useful through the end of the main story , and there ’s no reason to avoid returning to Ostagar . – 8.5 from IGN
Tom Clancy ’s Splinter Cell : Conviction
Conviction is a Splinter Cell game in name more than anything else .
You could easily swap Sam Fisher for Jack Bauer or create an all new character and no one would give it a second thought .
The gameplay is fast , and Sam has been transformed into the ultimate killer .
It ’s an amazing game , but so different from its predecessors you might not recognize it . – 8.5 from IGN
A Kingdom for Keflings
If you ’re in the mood for a laid - back game with serious depth , A Kingdom For Keflings is the perfect choice .
NinjaBee ’s downloadable world - building game is whimsical , humorous , unique and has none of the high - pressure feel of your typical strategy game .
Although it has some presentation quirks , Keflings rises above them to achieve a Zen - like quality of pleasant addiction . – 8.5 from IGN
Supreme Commander 2
It ’s a real - time strategy game with a huge amount of depth and a fantastic interface that lets you stay in control of large - scale battles between warring robotic factions .
The single - player campaign does n’t offer much in the way of entertainment , but if you ’re looking at this for the online play , you wo n’t be disappointed . – 8.4 from IGN
Dead Rising
Again , Dead Rising 2 has issues .
It ’s not the smoothest game and it can feel like the last one , however that does n’t mean a thing when the game ’s this much fun .
Using a car battery and a Street Fighter mask to electrocute the undead and a set of knives and a pair of boxing gloves to make Wolverine claws are all great times .
Watching Chuck get covered in blood as he slays thousands of zombies , changing outfits so that one minute you ’re in a toddler clothes with a LEGO head and the next you ’re in a sundress , and listening to completely whacked out boss stories – that ’s what I remember about Dead Rising 2 .
Any issue the game might have just falls to the backburner .
– 8.0 from IGN
Alien Breed 2 : Assault
Alien Breed 2 modernizes the top - down , sci - fi shooter , adding ornate graphics and elements of today ’s popular first - person shooters without losing the charm of its predecessors .
It ’s a small game that feels big while you are playing it , a laudable accomplishment for a $ 10 title .
– 8.0 from IGN
Chime
Without the extra musical layer , Chime could so easily have become a perfectly adequate , yet creatively stagnant , puzzler .
With it , Zoë Mode has served up something genuinely progressive that entertains as much as it absorbs and , most importantly , proves that there are still games worth putting day to day life aside for .
– 8.0 from Gamezebo
Sam & Max Season 3 : The Devil ’s Playhouse
If you ’re looking for an adventure game that packs a lot of humor , interesting puzzles and psychic powers together in a Twilight - zone / science - fiction skin , you should give Sam & Max : The Devil ’s Playhouse a try .
Although the beginning and end do n’t seem as polished as the middle portions , the season in its entirety tells a fanciful story complete with an awesome cast of characters .
– 8.0 from IGN
NBA 2K11
NBA 2K11 is meant as a love letter to basketball fans .
If you ’re serious about basketball , this will fill a long - standing void in your hoops - loving heart .
This is the NBA .
But come into this knowing that the performance issues are a real concern and that it will take some effort to enjoy the PC version long - term .
Hopefully this is something that can get patched , but for now , it ’s frustrating to see such a great game marred in such a way .
That said , the robust feature set and attention to detail are commendable .
It ’s just the lack of attention to the PC version ( framerate issues , last year ’s crappy menu system is used ) that holds this one back .
– 8.0 from IGN
FIFA 11
The list of modes might not be as lengthy or as innovative as what ’s seen on consoles , but there ’s no question that there ’s a lot of fun to be had with the traditional Manager Mode and Be A Pro : Seasons .
Just do n’t expect them to deviate all that much from what you remember from last year ’s console game .
But hey , at least PC gamers will now be able to enjoy the same game engine as the rest of the next - gen FIFA world .
It ’s a huge improvement over the last few years of PC offerings , but it still is n’t quite up to par with the big boys of the FIFA world .
– 8.0 from IGN
Pool Pro Online 3
Pool Pro Online 3 is the complete pool hall experience .
Even if you have a passing interest in the game , rack up Pool Pro Online 3 and give it a break . – 8.0 from Gamezebo
Flotilla
Flotilla is one of those games you fire up for twenty minutes for a quick lunchtime play session – 7.5 from Out of Eight website
Kane & Lynch 2 : Dog Days
A recommendation for Dog Days is n’t hard , though it is filled with qualification .
( … ) But if you appreciated the promise of the last game , or you ’re looking for something darker and more sophisticated content - wise than your usual shooter fare , then Kane & Lynch 2 is just the thing . – 7.5 from IGN
Toy Story 3 : The Videogame
Toy Story 3 is an example of when a license game is done mostly right .
The cooperative story mode is a nice touch , and the Toy Box mode is still fun despite it ’s rather limited customization options , I just wish it ’d have had a cooperative options like the other console versions do , as it ’s less family or party friendly .
Older players might be occasionally bored by how simple the game ’s quests can be , but in general TS3 manages to be most everything your kids ( or your own inner kid ) wanted out of a Toy Story game . – 7.5 from IGN
Arcania : Gothic IV
While the PC version is certainly superior to the console port , Arcania : Gothic IV does very little to progress the genre – particularly in mission structure and storytelling areas – but what it ultimately does deliver is a loot - heavy dungeon crawling experience that does n’t tax your skills .
Instead it lets you leisurely enjoy the world and kill a lot of goblins and swamp flies along the way .
In this way , the Gothic series has always filled in a more casual space than similarly minded RPGs .
The combat has a decent level of depth , the island is sprawling though certainly not truly open - world , but at least varied and detailed .
The story is distracting and disposable – kind of enjoyable but never subtle .
It ’s not going to please hardcore D&D purists or gamers looking for the next Elder Scrolls , but as a middle ground between deeper entries and linear adventures , Arcania : Gothic IV hits its stride .
– 7.5 from IGN
Bit. Trip Beat
An appealing retro presentation mixed with an old - school challenge and addictive gameplay makes Bit. Trip Beat an easy choice for long - time gamers looking for something new that still conjures up a sense of nostalgia .
It ’s a rhythm game that requires fast reflexes and , even on its normal difficulty setting , can be a punishing experience .
With time and dedication , you ’ll be able to better appreciate the finely crafted challenges Gaijin delivers .
The length of the game ’s stages can wear on your patience and often there ’s seemingly too much visual noise for the game ’s own good , but that ’s no reason to pass on this clever title .
– 7.5 from IGN
Zen Bound 2
Even though the mouse controls for the PC version can be a bit fussy , Zen Bound 2 is still a worthwhile puzzler to unwind with after a stressful day .
– 7.5 from IGN
Magic : The Gathering – Duels of the Planeswalkers
While it may be different from what Magic fans expect , is still an entertaining brand of card battle game , with plenty of depth , complexity , and unpredictability to keep you drawing from your library again and again . – 7.5 from IGN
Major League Baseball 2K10
he PC version does n’t try to fix or correct any of the gameplay failings that I found in the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions , but its increased technical proficiency makes it the version to buy this year .
You get the same exact functionality and feature set that ’s present in other versions , but for $ 30 less and you get to enjoy a much nicer visual presentation if your computer has the muscle .
This year ’s MLB 2K10 is far from perfect , but the PC version – for a change when it comes to sports games – is the best version currently on the market . – 7.3 from IGN
Divinity II : Ego Draconis
Provided you ’re willing to put up with the blandness of the first few hours of gameplay , Divinity 2 can be an interesting , rewarding experience .
There ’s little here that ’s really unexpected or surprising , but what ’s presented in terms of content is executed well enough .
( … ) Every bit of quirky humor and personality built into the game is matched by clichés in other areas that ’ll make veteran gamers roll their eyes , but the promise of better accessories , weapons and armor are enough to keep you roaming across the game ’s zones , smashing apart enemies and uncovering new dungeons .
It ’s an entertaining , rainy day role - playing game .
– 7.0 from IGN
Snank
Fans of character action titles should pull out their virtual wallets without hesitation , but otherwise , Shank might just be too sharp to handle .
– 7.0 from IGN
FIA World Rally Championship
It ’s no Richard Burns Rally and nor does it hold a light to Codemasters ’ DiRT games , but WRC is a surprisingly enjoyable take on the sport that gets the fundamentals right .
It ’s a shame that its often excellent and consistent
Warden top hat By ashweez Watch
4 Favourites 1 Comment 1K Views
Felt like posting a picture of just the top hat .
Made from scratch !
Out of ...
2 manila folders
2 paper plates ( lol I use what 's lying around my room )
some fabric
plenty of hot glue
Took a couple hours to make the base and then a few more to sew the fabric together as the cover .
The fabric snaps up in the back so that I can take it off and use the base for later use .
And I must 've gone through 20 paper plates to finally get the right fit .
It only fits me bwahaha
Made the glasses too ( 2 pringles lids , a hanger , a paperclip , and some paint )
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 1920x1080px 1.01 MB Show More
Published : Dec 8 , 2009
Make the entire world your disco .
I bet that ’s what French artist Michel de Broin thought to himself when he decided to create the world ’s largest disco-ball .
It might sound like a crazy idea , but Michael de Broin actually did it .
Using a 7.5 meter disco-ball , featuring 1,000 mirror pieces , the artist managed to light up Paris on a winter night .
He did so by hanging the giant disco -ball 50 meters up , using a giant crane , and projecting light onto it .
The ball was hung up in the Jardin de Luxumburg and the light effects that covered Paris were more than worth the effort of bulding the whole installation .
plus now Michel de Broin could enter the record books for the World ’s Largest Disco - Ball .
via Lifelounge
Egypt declares George Galloway ' persona non grata ' as he's kicked out of the country after crossing the border from Gaza
George Galloway was declared ' persona non grata ' by Egypt yesterday after being kicked out of the country .
Friends said the controversial Respect MP had been bundled into a van by police following a dispute as he tried to take an aid convoy through the Rafah crossing into the neighbouring Gaza Strip .
He was then driven to Cairo and put on a flight to London .
Mr Galloway , who had been in Gaza , was later banned from visiting Egypt again .
George Galloway is welcomed after his arrival in Gaza at the Rafah border crossing with Egypt , southern Gaza Strip on Wednesday
The foreign ministry in Cairo said the MP , who has been a strong critic of Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak , had been ' escorted ' for his own protection after backtracking on a pledge not to return .
It said : ' It was to protect him from the Egyptian people 's anger . . . he is a troublemaker and his behaviour is undermining Egyptian security . '
Mr Galloway , 55 , MP for Bethnal Green and Bow , is a leading figure in the Viva Palestina group which has organised a series of aid convoys to Gaza .
His group had been involved in clashes earlier this week as they took a convoy across the Egyptian border .
Cairo is accusing the British MP of incitement after his harsh criticism of the government there over delays in an aid convoy 's entry into Gaza , the foreign ministry said today .
' George Galloway is considered persona non grata and will not be allowed to enter into Egypt again , ' it said .
This morning plainclothes police officers bundled the Respect MP on to a plane bound for London , said a spokeswoman for the Viva Palestina humanitarian convoy .
Galloway had crossed the border into Egypt - but wanted to return to Gaza after news broke that members of the convoy had been arrested .
The incident began after Mr Galloway and his colleague , Ron McKay , arrived at the Rafah crossing from Gaza to Egypt .
Galloway arrived with the convoy in Gaza City amid delays and demonstrations
' As soon as they emerged on to Egyptian soil , both men were forcibly pushed into a van , refused exit and told that they were leaving the country , ' a spokeswoman said .
' They were then driven off in a police convoy . '
Galloway led more than 500 activists as part of an international aid convoy to Gaza .
They entered late Gaza Wednesday from Egypt after a month travelling .
Egypt gave them only 24 hours in the blockaded seaside strip before it said it would re-close the crossing .
On Tuesday clashes erupted between members of the convoy and Egyptian riot police in the Mediterranean port city of El - Arish after the convoy was delayed due to some of the materials it was carrying .
The aid convoy of 550 people from 17 countries blamed the violence on ' heavy - handed policing ' of the group .
Dozens of protesters and police were injured .
Seven convoy members were ordered arrested if they returned to Egypt .
' Mr Galloway and Turkish MPs struck a deal with Egyptian authorities , part of which was that the seven detainees were released without charge .
' On the enforced drive to Cairo , news came through of the imminent arrest of the seven , ' the convoy spokeswoman siad .
' But , when Mr Galloway demanded to return to Rafah , permission was repeatedly denied . '
A sympathy protest along the Gaza - side of the border Wednesday degenerated into stone - throwing scuffles and exchange of fire between Egyptian security and Palestinian gunmen , killing one Egyptian border guard .
The convoy was organized by the Britain - based group Viva Palestina , which planned to deliver hundreds of tons of aid .
In today ’s Programming Praxis exercise we have to implement two ways of calculating sines .
Let ’s get started .
A quick import :
import Data .
Fixed
The only real trick we use for the Taylor sine function is to not calculate the factorial for each number , but to keep reusing the previous result so that each new entry only requires two multiplications instead of n .
taylorSin :: Double ->
Double taylorSin x = sum .
useful $ zipWith ( / ) ( map ( \ k -> ( mod ' x ( 2 * pi ) ) ** ( 2 * k + 1 ) * (- 1 ) ** k ) [ 0 .. ] ) ( scanl ( \ a k -> a * k * ( k - 1 ) ) 1 [ 3 , 5 .. ] ) where useful ~ ( a : b : c ) = a : if abs ( a - b ) > 1e - 7 then useful ( b : c ) else [ ]
For the recursive solution we use the fact that lim(x ->
0 ) sin x = x
recSin :: Double ->
Double recSin = f . flip mod ' ( 2 * pi ) where f x = if abs x < 1e - 7 then x else let s = f ( x / 3 ) in 3 * s - 4 * s ** 3
A quick test shows that everything is working correctly .
main = do mapM_ ( print .
taylorSin ) [ 1 , pi / 2 , 10 ] mapM_ ( print .
recSin ) [ 1 , pi / 2 , 10 ]
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : bonsai , code , Haskell , kata , praxis , programming , recursive , sine , taylor
Crocodiles have really hard jaws , so hard that once they bit down to catch food , there has loudly sound .
They do n’t chaw their food .
They swallow it in big chunks .
In the abdomen the food is analysed .
They feed upon a large change of feed such as belittled mammals , birds and even out domestic livestock .
Crocodiles catch their prey and roll over in the water to overwhelm the animal .
They can bounce high out of the water to accomplish their prey if essential .
But in this park , feed the alligator attraction , and people in it trying to feed alligators in that attractive way , so that all visitors were as much impressed and satisfied …
To me this represents the feed more fear than pleasure …
You decide …
Check more Daily News
( CNN ) --
An attack by a suicide bomber at a military base in eastern Afghanistan on Wednesday killed eight Americans believed to be CIA employees , a senior U.S. official told CNN .
Also Wednesday , four Canadian soldiers and a Canadian journalist were killed when a roadside bomb hit their armored vehicle in southern Afghanistan , Canada 's defense ministry said .
The suicide bombing happened at Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost province , Afghanistan .
The senior U.S. official who spoke to CNN said information indicates the bomber walked into a gym facility at the base and detonated a suicide vest .
It is believed six Americans were wounded in addition to the eight killed .
It 's not known how the bomber got past security .
A U.S. military source said that FOB Chapman was originally a base for the Khost Provincial Construction Team , but the team left some time ago .
Authorities believe that perhaps the suicide bomber attacked just after a convoy was ending or beginning , which would account for high number of casualties .
" FOB Chapman is definitely more than a listening post .
You can land helos [ helicopters ] there , " the source said .
Meanwhile , the attack that killed the five Canadians happened about 4 kilometers ( 2.5 miles ) south of Kandahar , where the Canadian contingent in Afghanistan is headquartered .
" The soldiers were conducting a community security patrol in order to gather information on the pattern of life and maintain security in the area , " Brig .
Gen. Daniel Menard , the commander of the 2,800 - member Canadian contingent , told reporters .
" The journalist was traveling with them to tell the story of what Canada 's soldiers are doing in Afghanistan . "
Four other Canadian troops and a civilian official also were injured in the attack , he said .
The Calgary Herald identified the reporter as Michelle Lang , 34 , who had been with the paper since 2002 .
Lang is the first Canadian journalist killed in the Afghan war and is believed to be the first Herald reporter killed while on the job .
The deaths bring the number of Canadian military fatalities in Afghanistan to 138 .
The names of the troops were not immediately released .
The deaths are the most Canadians killed in a single incident in Afghanistan since six Canadian soldiers died in a bombing on July 4 , 2007 .
CNN 's Barbara Starr and Atia Abawi contributed to this report .
Jordan Horsley said he wanted to " show up " Annette Warden
A teenager who poured bleach over a woman at a restaurant in Leeds has been detained for 12 months .
Jordan Horsley , 16 , was found guilty at an earlier hearing of attempting to cause grievous bodily harm with intent .
Leeds Crown Court heard how Annette Warden , 46 , asked the boy and his friends to be quiet during a film at the Vue cinema on Kirkstall Road .
Later , as Mrs Warden and her family ate in a nearby restaurant , the boy came in and poured bleach on her head .
In sentencing the teenager , Judge Peter Collier QC lifted an order banning the press from revealing his name .
Bleach in eyes
The attack happened on 26 July in the Frankie and Benny 's restaurant at the Cardigan Fields complex .
Mrs Warden had been watching Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince with her husband and two sons when she complained to the boy and his friends as their mobile phones kept going off , the court heard .
As the family left the cinema and went to the restaurant the defendant shouted abuse at Mrs Warden from a car .
The court heard how the group drove to a nearby petrol station where Horsley wanted to buy eggs to throw at her , but when he could not find any he bought a bottle of bleach .
Mrs Warden was attacked after she complained about noise at the cinema
The teenager went into the restaurant and poured the bleach on Mrs Warden from behind .
Mrs Warden required hospital treatment after the liquid went into her eyes , although she was not seriously injured .
The boy told the court that he only wanted to " show up " the woman .
The court heard Mrs Warden had difficulty sleeping since the attack and had been prescribed medication for her nerves .
' Utterly vindictive '
It was revealed in court that Horsley had a previous conviction for hitting someone over the head with half a brick and had also been cautioned for assault on a separate occasion .
The boy , whose mother died when he was young , had suffered a violent relationship with his father and was living by himself at the time of the attack .
Judge Peter Collier QC , said social services had been involved with the family but said matters had not been resolved " satisfactorily " .
" You have not been well - served in your life by your father and there must be some concerns as to the intervention that was attempted as you were growing up , which never resolved the issues which you still have , " he said .
The fact he planned the attack and went off and bought the bleach before returning to throw it over her shows how malicious his thinking was that day
Det Insp Neil Thompson , West Yorkshire Police Judge Collier said the teenager would serve half of the 12 - month detention and training order before being released on licence .
He told Horsley he hoped some of his issues surrounding his family and his emotions would be dealt with during his time in custody .
Speaking after sentencing , a West Yorkshire Police spokesman said : " Jordan Horsley 's actions were utterly vindictive and understandably left people shocked and sickened .
" The victim had made a perfectly reasonable request for him and the group he was with to be quiet during the film .
She could never have expected that he would react in such a nasty and violent way .
" The fact he planned the attack and went off and bought the bleach before returning to throw it over her shows how malicious his thinking was that day . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SERVER DATA RECOVERY SERVICE
With extensive research and years of experience in data recovery field , Stellar has developed the capability to recover data in all instances of physical or logical damage to the server .
Our engineers recover data from servers such as RAID , and Blade servers irrespective of the usage of the server .
For instance , we recover data from SharePoint , SQL and other Databases , Exchange and other email servers , and so on .
The following are some of the server data loss cases handled by our data recovery experts :
Nyko has what it plans to be the world 's first Wiimote replacement with the Motion Plus add - on built - in .
Dubbed the Wand+ , the controller will retail for $ 39.99 and should be on shelves by March .
In addition to those fancy gryoscopes , the Wand + has a matte rubberized back and rubberized buttons that are pretty comfortable to the touch , there 's a built - in camera for acting as a " regular " Bluetooth mouse , and the whole assembly is much lighter than a Wiimote / Motion Plus combo .
Perhaps we wo n't die of acute carpal tunnel after all .
Check out some action video after the break .
Linux 2.6.33 will have new and improved drivers for Wi -Fi chips by Intel , Ralink and Realtek .
Several drivers for old Wi -Fi hardware have been moved to the staging area and will probably soon be discarded .
New additions include various LAN chip drivers and several improvements to the network stack .
On Tuesday night , Linus Torvalds released Linux 2.6.33 -rc3 , the third release candidate of Linux version 2.6.33 .
The forthcoming version is expected to be finalised in early March and this release candidate offers a smaller number of changes than is usual at this point in the development cycle – it seems that some of the kernel hackers took some time off over Christmas .
However , most of the important new features of the next version in the Linux main development line were already integrated by Torvalds and his fellow programmers in the " merge window " phase at the start of the development cycle .
As it is uncommon for newly integrated items to be discarded again in the current second phase , the Kernel Log can already provide a comprehensive overview of the most important new features of Linux 2.6.33 .
To avoid being swamped by the wealth of advancements , the Kernel Log will provide the overview in its usual multi-part series of articles that together discuss the kernel 's various functional areas .
The first part of the " Coming in 2.6.33 " series deals with the most important changes to the kernel 's network support .
Articles discussing the Linux kernel 's storage hardware , file systems , graphics support , architecture code , drivers and other functional areas will follow over the next few weeks preceding the release of version 2.6.33 of the Linux kernel .
Wireless
The iwlwifi driver can now address various , previously unsupported Intel series 1000 , 5000 and 6000 Wi -Fi modules ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) and now also supports the WiMAX function of the 6x50 series ( 1 , 2 ) .
A new addition is the " Intel Wireless MultiCom 3200 top driver ( iwmc3200top ) " for a new Intel wireless chip that supports GPS , Bluetooth , Wi-Fi and WiMAX .
The power saving features of the iwl3945 Intel Wi-Fi driver have been temporarily disabled due to some problems .
The kernel developers have also added the rt2800 pci driver , which is still considered " very experimental " , " intended for developers " and " non-functional " at this point in the development cycle and addresses Ralink 's RT2760 , RT2790 , RT2860 , RT2880 , RT2890 and RT3052 PCI Wi-Fi chips frequently found in recent netbooks and notebooks .
These chips could previously only be used with a driver developed by the vendor which was in the kernel 's staging area for a few months .
The staging area is the kernel area for drivers of insufficient quality or maturity .
However , some distributions do n't include the staging drivers and the drivers , with their separate Wi-Fi stack , occasionally have problems when interacting with configuration tools , such as the Network Manager .
So the Ralink drivers , although not a proper solution , were better than nothing .
Initially it 's likely the situation will be the same for the rt2800 pci driver .
The new driver was mainly developed by the rt2x00 project which also maintains other drivers for Ralink chips .
Several more of the project 's drivers were improved for 2.6.33 and now support a greater variety of USB Wi-Fi hardware than ever – more details can be found via the links mentioned under " Minor gems " at the end of this article .
The new support of Ralink 's RT3070 Wi-Fi chip in the rt2800usb driver is also classified as " non-functional at the moment " – but the developers have already prepared patches for the two rt2800 drivers which could still make it into 2.6.33 and get the drivers into a " usable state " .
The kernel hackers have incorporated the rtl8192u driver for Realtek 's chips of the same name into the staging area .
Furthermore , the arlan , netwave , strip and wavelan drivers have been moved to the area for low - quality drivers because they are based on the Linux kernel 's MAC80211 Wi-Fi stack and , according to the kernel developers , are now hardly used by anyone – therefore , they are currently not considered worth the effort of porting them to the new Wi -Fi stack .
If no one comes forward to maintain these drivers they are destined to be removed in Linux 2.6.35 .
LAN , network stack etc
Further changes in the network subsystem :
The first Git-Pull request by network subsystem maintainer David S. Miller alone caused more than 1800 changes to be integrated into Linux 2.6.33 – this means that about a fifth of all the commits incorporated during the merge window of 2.6.33 have been handled by Miller , who also maintains the old IDE subsystem and the Sparc code .
While the majority of changes modify C source code , some of the changes adapt the firmware that comes with the kernel and considerably increase the total number of new , deleted or moved lines of source code – this is very evident with two patches of about 1 MB each which update the firmware of the bnx2x driver ( 1 , 2 ) .
Minor gems
Many further minor , but by no means insignificant , changes can be found in the list below , which contains the commit headers referring to the respective change .
Like many of the references in the text above , the links point to the relevant commit in the web front end of the Git branch for the kernel sources maintained by Linus Torvalds at kernel.org .
The commit comments and the patches themselves provide extensive further information on the respective changes .
LAN
WLAN
Various others network drivers , network stack
For other articles on 2.6.33 and links to the rest of the " Coming in 2.6.33 " series , see The H's Kernel Log - 2.6.33
Tracking page .
( thl / c't ) .
( crve )
As a PS3 gamer , you ca n’t help but feel a sense of satisfaction when you see that trophy icon pop up in the corner of the screen and hear that little ‘ ding . ’
They are fun , enjoyable , time consuming and add more value to the title you ’re playing .
The hardest trophies are geared towards people who thrive on challenge ( or for people who are against buying ‘ Hannah Montana : The Movie Game ’ for an easy platinum , just to up your trophy level ) .
For all you hardcore trophy hunters out there , PSLS brings you our list of the Top 5 Most Difficult PS3 Trophies to obtain .
WipEout HD : Beat Zico ( Gold Trophy )
Equal or beat the lap time of 30.82 seconds on Anulpha Pass ( Forward ) , Speed Lap , Venom using the Piranha .
This trophy , to some , is utterly ridiculous .
One would need to race this track absolutely flawlessly to beat Zico .
Call Of Duty World At War : Hardened War Hero ( Gold Trophy )
Complete the game on Hardened or Veteran difficulty .
( Solo only )
For those who have tried this , you must have a lot of broken controllers .
This trophy requires you to battle grenades with every step .
( Trophy Guide )
Super Stardust HD : Late Boomer ( Silver Trophy )
Bomber – Get 15 bombs
They must have made this trophy just to piss gamers off .
This trophy literally takes over a few hundred tries , if you are lucky .
Only attainable by using the bombs you are trying to get , just to get more bombs .
( Trophy Guide )
Bioshock : I Chose the Impossible ( Gold Trophy )
Complete the game on Survivor difficulty without using a Vita - chamber
You thought life was fair ?
Try this trophy .
You have to complete the game without continuing .
The game does allow you to reload saved games , but you have to be extremely skillful and persistent to get this trophy .
Fight Night Round 4 : XXL ( Gold Trophy )
Win the heavyweight championship belt in online world championship mode .
This should be a platinum on its own .
This is probably impossible to reach , unless you have the rest of your life to play a boxing game .
To win the Heavyweight championship belt online , you have to be first place in the world .
Since there are around 100,000 boxers online and growing , its would be nearly impossible to achieve this trophy .
Which trophies do you believe are difficult and frustrating ?
Let us know in the comments section below !
Sixty miles from Haiti's devastated earthquake zone , luxury liners dock at private beaches where passengers enjoy jetski rides , parasailing and rum cocktails delivered to their hammocks .
The 4,370 - berth Independence of the Seas , owned by Royal Caribbean International , disembarked at the heavily guarded resort of Labadee on the north coast on Friday ; a second cruise ship , the 3,100 - passenger Navigator of the Seas is due to dock .
The Florida cruise company leases a picturesque wooded peninsula and its five pristine beaches from the government for passengers to " cut loose " with watersports , barbecues , and shopping for trinkets at a craft market before returning on board before dusk .
Safety is guaranteed by armed guards at the gate .
The decision to go ahead with the visit has divided passengers .
The ships carry some food aid , and the cruise line has pledged to donate all proceeds from the visit to help stricken Haitians .
But many passengers will stay aboard when they dock ; one said he was " sickened " .
" I just ca n't see myself sunning on the beach , playing in the water , eating a barbecue , and enjoying a cocktail while [ in Port - au - Prince ] there are tens of thousands of dead people being piled up on the streets , with the survivors stunned and looking for food and water , " one passenger wrote on the Cruise Critic internet forum .
" It was hard enough to sit and eat a picnic lunch at Labadee before the quake , knowing how many Haitians were starving , " said another .
" I ca n't imagine having to choke down a burger there now . ''
Some booked on ships scheduled to stop at Labadee are afraid that desperate people might breach the resort 's 12ft high fences to get food and drink , but others seemed determined to enjoy their holiday .
" I 'll be there on Tuesday and I plan on enjoying my zip line excursion as well as the time on the beach , " said one .
The company said the question of whether to " deliver a vacation experience so close to the epicentre of an earthquake " had been subject to considerable internal debate before it decided to include Haiti in its itineraries for the coming weeks .
" In the end , Labadee is critical to Haiti 's recovery ; hundreds of people rely on Labadee for their livelihood , " said John Weis , vice - president .
" In our conversations with the UN special envoy of the government of Haiti , Leslie Voltaire , he notes that Haiti will benefit from the revenues that are generated from each call …
" We also have tremendous opportunities to use our ships as transport vessels for relief supplies and personnel to Haiti .
Simply put , we cannot abandon Haiti now that they need us most . "
" Friday 's call in Labadee went well , " said Royal Caribbean .
" Everything was open , as usual .
The guests were very happy to hear that 100 % of the proceeds from the call at Labadee would be donated to the relief effort . "
Forty pallets of rice , beans , powdered milk , water , and canned foods were delivered on Friday , and a further 80 are due and 16 on two subsequent ships .
When supplies arrive in Labadee , they are distributed by Food for the Poor , a longtime partner of Royal Caribbean in Haiti .
Royal Caribbean has also pledged $ 1 m to the relief effort and will spend part of that helping 200 Haitian crew members .
The company recently spent $ 55 m updating Labadee .
It employs 230 Haitians and the firm estimates 300 more benefit from the market .
The development has been regarded as a beacon of private investment in Haiti ; Bill Clinton visited in October .
Some Haitians have decried the leasing of the peninsula as effective privatisation of part of the republic 's coastline .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Intel Corp released a flurry of new computer chips on Thursday as the tech giant seeks to maintain its dominant position in the PC industry and prepares for an expected boost in demand .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
The new microprocessors , designed to power desktop and laptop PCs , are the first of a new generation of chips featuring smaller transistors that Intel said will juice performance and improve energy efficiency .
Intel released these new chips ahead of arch - foe Advanced Micro Devices , which is not due to field chips featuring the smaller 32 - nanometer circuits until 2011 .
“ The juggernaut is rolling on , if you will , ” said David Kanter , an analyst with Real World Technologies .
“ It ’s important because it ’s their first 32 nanometer products , but if you ’re looking at what they ’re releasing in notebook and desktop , this is where they ( Intel ) already have a lead over AMD . ”
Intel , the world ’s No. 1 chipmaker , had an 81.5 percent share of the PC and server microprocessor market in the third quarter , according to Mercury Research .
AMD had a 17.8 percent share .
The introduction of the new processors come on the heels of the release of Microsoft Corp ’s new Windows 7 PC operating system software , which Intel executives expect will prompt consumers and businesses to upgrade to new , more powerful PCs .
The chipmaker is slated to report its fourth - quarter results next week , with analysts expecting revenue to increase 23 percent year - over - year to roughly $ 10.2 billion , capping a year that began with Intel ’s revenue plummeting 26 percent in the first quarter amid the economic recession .
The new processors are the first to include basic graphics capabilities , which the company said will support high - definition video playback and more casual 3D games .
Typically , computers are sold with basic graphics capabilities designed onto other computer parts , or separate more powerful cards .
Intel also said it is producing chips targeted at automated teller machines as well as medical and communications and other equipment , as the company continues its bid to extend the reach of its chips into new markets .
Shares of Intel were down 1.3 percent to $ 20.53 on the Nasdaq .
5 Income Tax Filing Assumptions that Could Cost You Big
We have a complex tax code that can be quite confusing .
Trying to tote up credits and deductions , and working on getting an advantage , can be time consuming work .
It is not surprising , therefore , that a number of assumptions about tax filing turn out to be incorrect .
And , while some filing assumptions ( such as the myth that using the provided address label will mark you out for an audit ) are relatively harmless , there are some false assumptions that could end up costing you .
Before you give in to assumptions about tax filing , do a little research — and consult with a trusted tax professional .
Here are 5 tax filing assumptions that could result in large costs :
1. Tax Filing is Voluntary
This is a nice thought .
The idea that paying income taxes is voluntary floats around out there , and comes from IRS statements and a Supreme Court case from 1960 that state that our tax system is based upon “ voluntary assessment and payment … ”
Unfortunately for would - be tax avoiders , the courts and the IRS have been at pains to explain that it ’s the assessment that is voluntary , not the payment .
The reason that the assessment is voluntary is because tax payers are responsible for figuring out the amount of their obligations and then offering ( volunteering ) that information to the government .
Of course , this is why there are audits — they are meant to double check that your voluntary assessment is accurate .
If you do n’t pay your taxes , you are subject to penalties .
There is a penalty for failure to file ( and it ’s heftier than the failure to pay penalty ) , and there are interest charges on the amount that you owe .
If you are n’t careful , the fees and penalties can add up , costing you quite a bit .
2. No 1099 ?
No Need to Report
Many of those who earn income from a side business , home business or contract work believe that if there is no 1099 - MISC submitted for their income , there is no need to report it .
There are a couple considerations here .
Sometimes , someone who hires you will send a 1099 to the government , but forget to send you a copy .
That makes catching your perfidy fairly simple .
Others think that since your employer does n’t have to send in a 1099 when s/he pays you less than $ 600 in a year , you do n’t have to report that income .
Not true .
All income is taxable .
No matter how little you make , and whether or not someone sends in the 1099 .
If you are audited and the discrepancy is discovered , it could mean back taxes and penalties .
3. A Canceled Check Works as Documentation for Donations
When you give to charity , whether it ’s cash or goods , you need to have some sort of documentation , whether it ’s a receipt or a canceled check if you want to itemize for the deduction .
For donations of under $ 250 , this works just fine .
However , once you reach that $ 250 mark , you need a donor acknowledgment letter specifying how much you gave , and / or describing the property you donated .
If you received goods or services from the charity in exchange , that has to be in the letter as well .
And this includes donations and tithes given to your church .
My congregation issues a yearly letter that itemizes donations , and clearly states that the only benefits I receive are intangible , and associated with my faith .
You can see Publication 526 from the IRS for more information .
Claim something you should n’t , and you could owe that amount — plus interest .
4. Unless My Parents Live with Me , I Ca n’t Claim Them as Dependents
Many people provide support for their parents , even though they do n’t live with them .
If you are n’t claiming the dependent - care exemption for parents you support , you could be missing out on tax savings , paying more than you should .
There are some caveats , though .
You and your siblings must pay at least 50 % of their living expenses , and only one of you can claim the exemption each year .
Some families rotate who gets the exemption , while others just provide it to the sibling that offers the most day to day support ( even if it is n’t the most financial support ) .
You do have to provide at least 10 % of total support if you want to take the exemption , though .
Check IRS Publication 501 , or consult a tax professional for more information .
5 . If You ’re Married , It ’s Best to File Jointly
Most people just assume that if they are married they should file jointly .
However , there are some situations that may warrant filing separately .
When the kids leave home , and the dependent exemption is no longer available , or if there has been a big change in income , couples may actually do better with separate filings .
Sometimes , these savings are more apparent with state taxes .
See if your tax professional will run a comparison between the two options , including state and federal taxes .
You could save money , using it for you , rather than handing it over to the government .
Bottom Line :
It ’s best to rethink your assumptions about filing your taxes , and see if you could save a little more — or at least avoid common pitfalls that could cost you a great deal .
We 've had a week to let David Tennant 's departure sink in , and now it 's full steam ahead , all systems go , and , well , GERONIMO for the Eleventh Doctor .
So what clues does the fifth series trailer hold ?
Spoilers and speculation ahoy !
What follows is a mix of analysis of the trailer itself , my own ( hopefully ) educated guesswork based on what we think we already know from set reports and the fine folks at Gallifrey Base ( a great chart of which can be found here ) , plus some reactions and opinions .
Is everyone sitting comfortably ?
Then we can begin ...
Advertisement
In case you have n't had a chance to watch it yet ( or want a refresher , considering the insane levels of microanalysis we 're about to get into ) , here 's the trailer , in the gallery below .
Now then , let 's get to work !
Advertisement
As the Doctor himself asks , " What have you got for me this time ? "
We 're about to find out .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Just in case anyone still doubted the Doctor 's new companion Amy ( Karen Gillan ) is really a police officer ( I mean , that skirt really does n't look like it 's regulation length ) , here 's the Doctor entering what looks like a police station in his debut .
I 'm basing that on what appears to be police trim on the right wall .
Oh , and you can tell it's his first episode because Matt Smith is still wearing David Tennant 's costume .
Advertisement
The Doctor is scared of something in the dark .
I have a guess as to what that something might be , but let 's wait until we actually get to see it .
Since the Doctor is wearing his own costume here ( you can just make out the right sleeve of the jacket ) , that means this is a different episode from his debut .
It 's worth pointing out that if you go back and watch the old " Coming Soon " trailers for the first four series , they 've always shown clips from only the first seven episodes of the series , and that 's probably also the case here .
Advertisement
If anyone was wondering whether the Eleventh Doctor will keep up the grand Doctor Who tradition of running all over the place , it certainly looks like he will .
With gusto .
Advertisement
This is the third episode we see a clip from .
Judging by the costume , this is probably Toby Whithouse 's episode , which is set in 16th century Venice .
Whithouse previously wrote " School Reunion " back in the second series , as well as the first series Torchwood episode " Greeks Bearing Gifts " .
Advertisement
I do n't have any real analysis here ; I just love this little bit of business with the sunglasses .
Really makes me feel like Matt Smith is the Doctor .
Advertisement
I know I 've said that Doctor Who should scale down the magnitude of its threats after the incomprehensibly vast scope of " Journey 's End " and " The End of Time " , but I 'm not sure placing a bunch of phone booths in danger of explosion is really quite enough material for an episode .
Actually , scratch that - I would love an episode like that .
Still , there 's probably more going on here .
Advertisement
No , wait !
More things are blowing up , and this time it 's the Doctor 's beloved sonic screwdriver .
The series last killed off the sonic screwdriver in the Peter Davison semi-classic " The Visitation " , although apparently the Doctor will just be getting a new one .
I wonder if the new screwdriver will look at all like the one River Song used back in " Silence in the Library " / " Forest of the Dead " .
Now what would put an idea like that in my mind ...?
Advertisement
I 'm pretty sure this is the same episode as the one where the Doctor is holding the flashlight .
Looks like the Doctor will be mixing it up with the military once again .
Advertisement
I think this is from yet another different episode .
So that 's four different stories we 've caught glimpses of so far .
Honestly , I have no idea what could be going on here , but I 'm pretty excited to find out .
I guess the trailer is doing its job .
Advertisement
And here 's the fifth distinct episode .
Based on the uniforms , guns in the background , and the prominent Union Jack , I 'm pretty sure this is an army base during World War II .
That fits with the episode Mark Gatiss is writing , which features the dramatic return of ... well , we 'll get to that shortly .
Gatiss previously wrote " The Unquiet Dead " and " The Idiot 's Lantern " , and he played Professor Lazarus in " The Lazarus Experiment . "
Advertisement
In case anyone is worried that that punch is the start of a new , darker , more violent Doctor , just take a look at Matt Smith 's face .
He 's clearly as surprised as we are .
Advertisement
It 's futuristic soldiers hunting monsters underground !
That reminds me of another Peter Davison semi-classic , namely the first episode of " Earthshock " .
( If another episode randomly features the Master showing up and sending the Concorde back to the Mesozoic Era , then we know Steven Moffat is just straight up stealing from season nineteen .
And yes , what I just described really happened once . )
But which monster are they hunting ?
Advertisement
Hey , it 's the Weeping Angels !
I think this makes them the first monsters created entirely for the new series to make a prominent return appearance .
Unless you count all the times the Slitheen have popped up on The Sarah Jane Adventures .
Which I do n't .
Oh , and the Ood , I suppose .
But it is n't really fair to call them monsters , now is it ?
Advertisement
More running around from the Eleventh Doctor 's debut .
Honestly , it looks like they made Matt Smith run a marathon for this episode .
Advertisement
Remember Toby Whithouse 's episode ?
The one set in 16th century Venice ?
Yeah , it 's apparently called " Vampires in Venice . "
I can't imagine why .
Advertisement
Steven Moffat is clearly committed to maintaining his title as " New Who 's Most Terrifying Writer . "
I have no idea what that could be , and I 'm already having nightmares .
Advertisement
And the Daleks are back !
Honestly , count me among those that felt a bit of Dalek fatigue after their umpteenth return from certain annihilation in " The Stolen Earth " / " Journey 's End . "
( Did you know the new series has had as many Dalek stories in four years as the Fourth , Fifth , Sixth , and Seven Doctors had combined ?
That 's a true fact . )
Still , I 've got to admit that , after more than a year away , it is kind of nice to see the old pepperpots again .
This looks like it's from Mark Gatiss 's World War II episode , which fits with the rumors of Winston Churchill using the Daleks as part of the war effort .
That 's probably why the Doctor punched that nice scientist fellow .
Advertisement
This is right after Amy and the guy behind her are blinded by a bright flash of light .
Since the TARDIS does n't usually do that , I 'm guessing something else is around making trouble .
Between this and the exploding phone booths , it looks like the Doctor is n't just running around for his health .
Advertisement
Whatever that woman gave the Doctor , it seems to have left him a bit perturbed .
I think this is from the same episode as the previous clip of the woman with the two guns .
All of that might be from the second episode , of which very little is known other than Steven Moffat is writing it and it might be mostly TARDIS - based .
Which , considering there 's a brand new TARDIS set to explore , could actually be pretty cool .
Advertisement
I originally thought these were aliens , but these might actually be the Silurians from Chris Chibnall 's two - parter .
Originally seen in the Jon Pertwee serial " Doctor Who and the Silurians " , these intelligent reptiles were the original inhabitants of Earth millions of years before humanity .
Their cousins , the Sea Devils , were introduced a couple years later in an episode of the same name , and both returned in the Peter Davison non-classic " Warriors of the Deep . "
Chris Chibnall is best known as the original showrunner for Torchwood , but he also wrote the pretty strong third series episode " 42 . "
Advertisement
That Silurian is either scared , heartbroken , or confused .
I think he 's watching Karen Gillan run away from him , and those are probably all emotions I would feel if that happened to me .
Advertisement
Oh , and Amy Pond appears to be wearing a different outfit here than she does in any of the other clips we see , which again points at this all being from an otherwise unseen episode .
Advertisement
Well , I see Steven Moffat is keeping some of Russell T. Davies 's traditions very much alive .
In this case , that tradition is putting massively misleading Doctor / Companion kisses in the trailer for the upcoming series .
( Previous examples include Lady Cassandra snogging the Doctor while in Rose 's body and Donna giving the Doctor a life - saving kiss in " The Unicorn and the Wasp . " )
If you want my wild guess , I would bet this is right at the end of the Weeping Angels episode , because she 's wearing the same outfit as the other clips from the episode .
It looks like they 're back on present - day Earth , and I bet Amy is so glad to have escaped with her life that she can't quite help herself .
I could be completely wrong though .
In any event , the Doctor looks completely flummoxed by the whole thing .
Advertisement
This is our first look at the redesigned TARDIS , with the Doctor working on something in the back of the frame .
Unfortunately , this is just the bit under the console , so this glimpse is n't quite as earth - shattering as it otherwise might be .
Advertisement
Well , at least we know Matt Smith can hold his own in a Dalek close - up .
Advertisement
Judging by the color of its plating , that 's a different Dalek than the one in the previous clip .
This is the kind of expert analysis you can't get anywhere else !
Advertisement
I 'm not quite sure what to make of this , so I 'm going to again assume this is from the second episode .
Actually , considering that episode is supposed to involve monks with keys , that 's probably a pretty shrewd guess .
Advertisement
Hey , " Tooth and Claw " !
Steven Moffat sees your kung fu monks and alien werewolf and raises you vampire swordsmen !
I 'm calling it now - this episode is going to be insane .
Advertisement
If nothing else , Karen Gillan really knows how to look shocked .
Which is probably the first requirement for any Doctor Who companion , actually , so that works out well .
Advertisement
River Song is back !
Time to put it all together , I think .
Between all these clips and some set photos from way back in July , we 've got River Song , the 41st century military , the Weeping Angels , and the crash of the Byzantium originally mentioned in " Silence in the Library " .
This is Steven Moffat 's first two - parter , the individual episodes are supposedly called " The Time of Angels " and " Flesh and Blood " , and I officially can't wait .
Advertisement
This is probably from the Doctor 's debut story , if only because it appears to be the only one of the first six episodes set on contemporary Earth .
Advertisement
Who wants to bet those lights are about to go out ?
Advertisement
That 's what I thought .
Advertisement
Geronimo , indeed .
I 'm not entirely convinced by the Doctor 's need to have yet another catchphrase , but if that 's my biggest problem with the trailer , I 'm in pretty good shape .
Advertisement
Karen Gillan is also good at looking terrified .
Forget what I said earlier about looking shocked - this is the first requirement for any Doctor Who companion .
Advertisement
Of course , it looks like Amy has good reason to be scared .
I 'm really not sure what to make of this scene .
She 's wearing a completely different costume from what we see in any other clip , and it's hard to match this shot visually with anything else in the trailer .
This might be from the seventh episode , of which very little is known other than it 's being written by Simon Nye , who is best known for creating the truly excellent nineties sitcom Men Behaving Badly .
Advertisement
I see the Doctor and River Song get close this season .
And so the Doctor 's great romance begins ...
Advertisement
And as we come to a close , we return for one last shot of Venice .
It 's good to see that , wherever vampires go , arcane ceremonies are never far behind .
Advertisement
A third thing Doctor Who companions have to be good at : running !
I 'm starting to think I could be a Doctor Who companion .
Well , apart from all the running , of course .
Advertisement
So what can we take away from the trailer ?
The series is headed to the sixteenth century , World War II , and the far future .
We can look forward to the return of old enemies and the introduction of new monsters and aliens , and we 're also going to revisit one of the biggest revelation of the last series .
But mainly , we 're barreling forward into new adventures with a new Doctor and a new companion .
Advertisement
And that 's just the first half of the series .
Seriously , this ought to be good .
Advertisement
The Doctor even fires a gun !
Maybe ... at someting !
Someone ?
Who knows !?
I do n't !
Advertisement
" Trust me , I 'm the Doctor . "
Here 's hoping truer words were never spoken .
Located in Kowakien Yunessun , the biggest , most popular spa center in Japan , the outdoor has opened its gates once again .
Hundreds of gallons of Beaujolais Nouveau , the most popular wine in Japan , are used during the 12 day period the wine spa welcomes its guests .
Four the last four years , Japanese wine lovers have had the opportunity to drink and bathe in the liquor they love so much , at the Hakone Kowakien Yunessun .
The red pool is constantly fed wine through the wine - bottle - shaped spring , while a sommelier stands by to fill up the glasses of those craving some more Beaujolais Nouveau .
Apart from a wine pool , the spa center also features a sake spa , green tea spa and coffee spa , where clients can bathe in the drinks mentioned .
Above photos by Xinhua via CCTV
Green Tea Spa
via
via
Coffee Spa
via
via
Sake Spa
via
via
Brothel owner Bobbi Davis got the go - ahead Tuesday to hire what her website cheekily calls “ a few good men . ”
Her Shady Lady Ranch is searching for “ service - oriented ” guys willing to become Nevada ’s first legal male sex workers .
“ I personally feel , as do the many other women who have made contact with me since I started this , that this is a service whose time has come , ” Davis said in a letter to Nye County officials .
A county board ’s vote Tuesday affirming that Davis could offer “ shady men ” to her clientele followed months of rancorous debate among the state ’s legal brothel community .
The industry , in its own peculiar way , is somewhat conservative : Considered an anachronism of bawdy mining camps by some Nevada newcomers , it often balks at change .
Advertisement
Of course , new ideas in a business unique to Nevada ( in its legal form ) are a touch different .
Adding porn stars to brothel lineups rankled some owners .
Overturning a ban on brothel advertising , a battle Davis and the American Civil Liberties Union helped lead , also stirred up debate .
Though neither change shuttered the state ’s 25 or so bordellos -- some would argue the publicity helped -- many owners still operate in an off - the - grid manner , wary of being shut down .
George Flint , longtime lobbyist for the Nevada Brothel Assn. , has said that allowing male prostitutes could be the industry ’s Pearl Harbor .
He has hinted that brothels possibly offering gay sex -- a choice each prostitute , as an independent contractor , would be free to make -- might sour some legislators on the entire brothel system .
Nevada lawmakers are notoriously skittish when discussing the birds and bees .
The Legislature , even when severely cash - strapped , has repeatedly declined to tax the brothels ( which are banned in Reno and Las Vegas ) for fear of , well , legitimizing the business .
“ This is the first time in the history of the world . . . that men have been licensed to sell sex , ” Flint said Tuesday , his voice rising .
“ It ’s never been done ! ”
Advertisement
Davis and her husband , Jim , merely hope to boost business .
Their small outpost near Death Valley , about 150 miles northwest of Las Vegas , offers as many as five women , relies heavily on travelers and has gotten some requests for gigolos .
After announcing her plans this summer , Davis and attorney Allen Lichtenstein succeeded where the better - known Hollywood Madam , Heidi Fleiss , had failed .
In 2005 , Fleiss announced that she was moving to Pahrump , in southern Nye County , in hopes of creating a “ stud farm . ”
She opened a Laundromat instead .
Davis figures that , even if it ’s a flop , adding men to her roster is worth trying .
She has been inundated with more than 100 applications , she said , though she held off on hiring until she ’d cleared all bureaucratic hurdles .
The final one : Tuesday ’s meeting of the Nye County Licensing and Liquor Board , which is made up of five county commissioners and Sheriff Tony DeMeo , who had been openly skeptical of Davis ’ plan .
Advertisement
Opponents who promised to take buses to Tonopah , however , failed to show up .
Not one constituent spoke about the proposal .
But DeMeo , Flint and Dennis Hof , owner of the Moonlite BunnyRanch , raised concerns about monitoring the spread of infectious diseases , though state health regulators had already cleared the way for male sex workers .
“ You guys ca n’t scare me , ” said Commissioner Lorinda Wichman before voting in Davis ’ favor .
“ I ’m going to try this . ”
Though the vote was relatively nonconfrontational , the discussion beforehand showed how much controversy remains .
For much of Davis ’ speech , officials rested their chins in their hands , lowered their eyes or slumped in their chairs .
When the sheriff noted that Davis ’ statement varied from her letter to commissioners , she read aloud one section with force .
“ It seems the biggest hoopla is a great fear in some people ’s minds that some kind of homosexual activity might go on , ” she said .
“ Why panic I do n’t understand . . . it ’s not my intent to encourage or promote or to turn my business into a ‘ gay property . ’ ”
Advertisement
DeMeo wondered whether sex workers could check female customers for signs of disease as easily as men .
Davis said yes .
“ If you want me to go into the inspection routine , I will , ” she said .
“ Please do n’t ! ” said a commissioner , to laughter .
ashley.powers@latimes.com
This is one of our editors ' picks from our ongoing roundup of Investigations Elsewhere .
One would think that the best candidate for a $ 15.9 million stimulus contract for environmental cleanup and monitoring might not be a company fined for dumping a toxic stew of pollutants at the same site .
But one would be wrong , at least according to the federal government , which awarded the no-bid job to Boeing in July , reports the new investigative - reporting outfit California Watch .
Boeing 's environmental rap sheet features a $ 471,000 fine from a regional California water - quality board in 2007 for 79 pollution violations involving toxic wastewater streaming into the Los Angeles River .
According to California Watch :
Boeing had discharged 118.5 million gallons of water laced with pollutants like chromium , lead and mercury , according to the water board .
At one point , the company exceeded the allowable concentration of cancer - causing dioxin by 6,900 times .
The water board said the chronic violations created a risk to public health and , given Boeing 's resources and sophistication , were " exceedingly serious . "
Nevertheless , the Department of Energy tasked Boeing with environmental monitoring at that very site , without taking bids from other companies .
The pollution at the site stems from rocket engine testing and nuclear power development at the Santa Susana Field Laboratory .
The cleanup does not , as far as one can tell from the article , seem to involve Boeing 's water violations , but Boeing does now operate the lab , which it co-owns with NASA .
Laura Chick , California 's inspector general for stimulus funds , told California Watch , " It is very upsetting that the government does n't do more due diligence before it hands money out . "
For its part , Boeing says that it has made significant progress on the cleanup , to which it is " fully committed . "
An Energy Department spokeswoman said that Boeing 's good track record and expertise justified the contract .
The California Watch report touches on two other California companies that got stimulus cash -- one under federal investigation , the other $ 3 million shorter after settling a lawsuit brought by San Francisco over the safety of its residential properties .
But , as the report acknowledges , " most major companies in America face lawsuits and regulatory action . "
In October , ProPublica ’s Michael Grabell reported on other questionable stimulus payouts :
The Defense Department awarded nearly $ 30 million in stimulus contracts to six companies while they were under federal criminal investigation on suspicion of defrauding the government .
In exactly three weeks time not only will it be Christmas Day but at 6 pm you 'll be able to enjoy The End of Time , Part One on BBC One !
As our new exclusive image shows , the Doctor will be joined by his old ally , Wilfred Mott and an enemy from the past ... the Master !
The terrible Time Lord 's slick , suave and smooth appearance has been replaced with an edgier look .
Blond hair , hooded top and a glint in the eye that speaks of evil and the sound of drums !
We 'll be releasing more images from the Christmas Special in the days ahead and remember ...
The End of Time is coming !
WASHINGTON 
The decade ending in 2009 was the warmest on record , new surface temperature figures released Thursday by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration show .
The agency also found that 2009 was the second warmest year since 1880 , when modern temperature measurement began .
The warmest year was 2005 .
The other hottest recorded years have all occurred since 1998 , NASA said .
James E. Hansen , director of NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies , said that global temperatures varied because of changes in ocean heating and cooling cycles .
“ When we average temperature over 5 or 10 years to minimize that variability , ” said Dr. Hansen , one of the world ’s leading climatologists , “ we find global warming is continuing unabated . ”
A separate preliminary analysis from the National Climatic Data Center , a unit of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , found that 2009 tied with 2006 as the fifth warmest year on record , based on measurements taken on land and at sea .
The data center report , published earlier this week , also cited the years 2000 to 2009 as the warmest decade ever measured .
The new temperature figures provide evidence in the scientific discussion of global warming but are not likely to be the last word on whether the planet ’s temperature is on a consistent upward path .
Yesterday we brought you the bad news that Beautiful Widgets developer , LevelUp Studio , received a nice little letter from HTC demanding it remove its Sense - like widgets from the Android marketplace .
LevelUp is currently working on overhauling Beautiful Widgets to be released soon , minus the HTC Sense inspiration .
We then got wind that HTC itself might release widgets .
The news of HTC bringing widgets to the marketplace spiked some excitement for those of us who use non-HTC devices .
Good news is some official HTC widgets have made their way into the marketplace , bad news is they currently are only compatible with the HTC Hero and Droid Eris .
As you can see from the shot above ( via AndroidLib ) , they are as follows :
Tip Calculator
Dice
Today in History
Battery
More screenshots after the break !
The government was accused last night of denying British soldiers vital equipment that could have saved their lives in Iraq as a bitter party political row threatened to engulf the Chilcot inquiry into the war .
Two days before Geoff Hoon , the former defence secretary , prepares to give evidence to the inquiry , the Conservatives are demanding that it establish the truth behind claims that Hoon delayed ordering enhanced body armour shortly before the invasion because ministers did not want to alert the public to their preparations and stoke opposition to war .
The former chief of defence staff , Lord Boyce , has already told the Iraq inquiry that he had been blocked from ordering equipment and mobilising troops for several months .
This meant he was left with " some very short timelines " in which to prepare troops for the invasion .
" I was not allowed to speak to the chief of defence logistics , " Boyce told the inquiry .
" I was prevented from doing that by the secretary of state for defence because of the concern of it becoming public knowledge that we were planning for a military contribution . "
In a clear sign that unresolved arguments over Iraq could spill over into the general election campaign , Liam Fox , the shadow defence secretary , told the Observer that Sir John Chilcot 's investigation had to establish the truth of such claims , and of tragic cases such as the death of Sergeant Steven Roberts , the first British soldier to die in the operation to oust Saddam Hussein .
Fox said the public needed to hear an explanation from Hoon , and would expect the facts to be set out by the inquiry .
" Sgt Steven Roberts died because he did n't have the appropriate body armour , " Fox said .
" Geoff Hoon delayed the order for body armour from 13 September 2002 to 13 November 2002 .
As a consequence , body armour did not arrive into Iraq until 31 March the following year .
Many believe this delay was political in order to stop the signal being sent , not least to the Parliamentary Labour party , that the Blair government had already decided to go to war in Iraq .
It is time for the British public to know the truth . "
Sgt Roberts , 33 , from Shipley , West Yorkshire , was accidentally shot dead on the night of 23 - 24 March 2003 , when UK troops opened fire during a disturbance near Basra .
A Ministry of Defence inquiry into his death confirmed he would have survived if he had been wearing enhanced combat body armour ( ECBA ) .
During the inquest into his death , an MoD director , David Williams , said an urgent request for 37,000 extra sets of enhanced body armour , sent to Hoon by an MoD logistics team on 13 September 2002 , was returned by the minister with the annotation " further advice required " , because any approach to manufacturers would in effect have announced that the UK was preparing for war while diplomacy continued .
Sgt Roberts was wearing combat body armour ( CBA ) at the time .
He had previously been issued with ECBA , but it was withdrawn four days before his death owing to shortages .
It has been reported that Hoon , who was behind the recent failed leadership coup against Gordon Brown , may be ready to accuse the prime minister of responsibility for vetoing the purchase of vital military helicopters when he was chancellor and of blocking orders for life - saving battlefield equipment .
At the inquest into Sgt Roberts 's death , Andrew Walker , Oxfordshire 's assistant deputy coroner , said : " To send soldiers into a combat zone without the appropriate basic equipment is , in my view , unforgivable and inexcusable . "
Hoon said last night : " I will say what I have to say to the inquiry . "
On Monday the inquiry will hear from Jonathan Powell , Tony Blair 's former chief of staff .
Hoon 's appearance on Tuesday will be followed by former foreign secretary Jack Straw on Thursday .
One key piece of evidence to the inquiry will be a secret letter sent by Straw to Blair in 2002 that revealed doubts over the plans for Iraq .
The MP warned the prime minister that the legal case for military action in Iraq was questionable and that removing Saddam Hussein would not guarantee a better future .
The inquiry will then hear from Blair within the next few weeks and Brown after the general election .
It comes as a poll of voters finds that almost a quarter believe Tony Blair deliberately misled MPs over the Iraq war and should face war crimes charges .
A YouGov survey for the Sunday Times found that the majority think the former prime minister knew Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction while 32 % accept that he " genuinely believed in the threat " .
• Two more British soldiers have been killed in Afghanistan , the MoD confirmed yesterday .
The soldiers , from 3rd Battalion The Rifles , died in an explosion near Sangin in Helmand province on Friday .
It brings the number of British service personnel who have died since the start of operations in Afghanistan in 2001 to 249 .
While the iPad boasts a lot of features , one of them is n't Flash .
The Adobe plug - in is nowhere to be found on Apple 's device , meaning that many online games and video sites ( such as Hulu ) are n't usable on Apple 's tablet device .
Do n't think Adobe has n't noticed this omission .
In a stern blog post , the Flash team praised the inclusion of PDF and ePub support in the iPad , but quickly went on to condemn the company Steve Jobs built :
" It looks like Apple is continuing to impose restrictions on their devices that limit both content publishers and consumers .
Unlike many other ebook readers using the ePub file format , consumers will not be able to access ePub content with Apple 's DRM technology on devices made by other manufacturers .
And without Flash support , iPad users will not be able to access the full range of web content , including over 70 % of games and 75 % of video on the web . "
Adobe is calling out one of the biggest gripes developers have with Apple 's App ecosystem : its restrictive , closed environment where Apple must approve all programs that run on its platform .
While we doubt this post will sway the minds of the Apple leadership , it does escalate the battle between the two companies over the future of the web .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
This was originally published on TomDispatch and is republished here with Tom ’s kind permission .
As the second decade of the twenty - first century begins , we find ourselves at one of those relatively rare moments in history when major power shifts become visible to all .
If the first decade of the century witnessed profound changes , the world of 2009 nonetheless looked at least somewhat like the world of 1999 in certain fundamental respects : the United States remained the world ’s paramount military power , the dollar remained the world ’s dominant currency , and NATO remained its foremost military alliance , to name just three .
By the end of the second decade of this century , however , our world is likely to have a genuinely different look to it .
Momentous shifts in global power relations and a changing of the imperial guard , just now becoming apparent , will be far more pronounced by 2020 as new actors , new trends , new concerns , and new institutions dominate the global space .
Nonetheless , all of this is the norm of history , no matter how dramatic it may seem to us .
Less normal — and so the wild card of the second decade ( and beyond ) — is intervention by the planet itself .
Blowback , which we think of as a political phenomenon , will by 2020 have gained a natural component .
Nature is poised to strike back in unpredictable ways whose effects could be unnerving and possibly devastating .
What , then , will be the dominant characteristics of the second decade of the twenty - first century ?
Prediction of this sort is , of course , inherently risky , but extrapolating from current trends , four key aspects of second - decade life can be discerned : the rise of China ; the ( relative ) decline of the United States ; the expanding role of the global South ; and finally , possibly most dramatically , the increasing impact of a roiling environment and growing resource scarcity .
Let ’s start with human history and then make our way into the unknown future history of the planet itself .
The ascendant dragon
That China has become a leading world power is no longer a matter of dispute .
That country ’s new - found strength was on full display at the climate summit in Copenhagen in December where it became clear that no meaningful progress was possible on the issue of global warming without Beijing ’s assent .
Its growing prominence was also evident in the way it responded to the Great Recession , as it poured multi-billions of dollars into domestic recovery projects , thereby averting a significant slowdown in its economy .
It spent many tens of billions more on raw materials and fresh investments in Africa , Latin America , and Southeast Asia , helping to ignite recovery in those regions , too .
If China is an economic giant today , it will be a powerhouse in 2020 .
According to the U.S. Department of Energy ( DoE ) , that country ’s gross domestic product ( GDP ) will jump from an estimated $ 3.3 trillion in 2010 to $ 7.1 trillion in 2020 ( in constant 2005 dollars ) , at which time its economy will exceed all others save that of the United States .
In fact , its GDP then should exceed those of all the nations in Africa , Latin America , and the Middle East combined .
As the decade proceeds , China is expected to move steadily up the ladder of technological enhancement , producing ever more sophisticated products , including advanced green energy and transportation systems that will prove essential to future post - carbon economies .
These gains , in turn , will give it increasing clout in international affairs .
China will undoubtedly also use its growing wealth and technological prowess to enhance its military power .
According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute ( SIPRI ) , China is already the world ’s second largest military spender , although the $ 85 billion it invested in its armed forces in 2008 was a pale shadow of the $ 607 billion allocated by the United States .
In addition , its forces remain technologically unsophisticated and its weapons are no match for the most modern U.S. , Japanese , and European equipment .
However , this gap will narrow significantly in the century ’s second decade as China devotes more resources to military modernization .
The critical question is : How will China use its added power to achieve its objectives ?
Until now , China ’s leaders have wielded its growing strength cautiously , avoiding behavior that would arouse fear or suspicion on the part of neighbors and economic partners .
It has instead employed the power of the purse and “ soft power ” — vigorous diplomacy , development aid , and cultural ties — to cultivate friends and allies .
But will China continue to follow this “ harmonious , ” non-threatening approach as the risks of forcefully pursuing its national interests diminish ?
This appears unlikely .
A more assertive China that showed what the Washington Post called “ swagger ” was already evident in the final months of 2009 at the summit meetings between presidents Barack Obama and Hu Jintao in Beijing and Copenhagen .
In neither case did the Chinese side seek a “ harmonious ” outcome .
In Beijing , it restricted Obama ’s access to the media and refused to give any ground on Tibet or tougher sanctions on key energy - trading partner Iran .
At a crucial moment in Copenhagen , it actually sent low - ranking officials to negotiate with Obama — an unmistakable slight — and forced a compromise that absolved China of binding restraints on carbon emissions .
If these summits are any indication , Chinese leaders are prepared to play global hard - ball , insisting on compliance with their core demands and giving up little — even on matters of secondary importance .
China will find itself ever more capable of acting this way because the economic fortunes of so many countries are now tied to its consumption and investment patterns — a pivotal global role once played by the United States — and because its size and location gives it a commanding position in the planet ’s most dynamic region .
In addition , in the first decade of the twenty - first century Chinese leaders proved especially adept at nurturing ties with the leaders of large and small countries in Africa , Asia , and Latin America that will play an ever more important role in energy and other world affairs .
To what ends will China wield its growing power ?
For the top leadership in Beijing , three goals will undoubtedly be paramount : to ensure the continued political monopoly of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) , to sustain the fast - paced economic growth which justifies its dominance , and to restore the country ’s historic greatness .
All three are , in fact , related :
The CCP will remain in power , senior leaders believe , only so long as it orchestrates continuing economic expansion and satisfies the nationalist aspirations of the public as well as the high command of the People ’s Liberation Army .
Everything Beijing does , domestically and internationally , is geared to these objectives .
As the country grows stronger , it will use its enhanced powers to shape the global environment to its advantage just as the United States has done for so long .
In China ’s case , this will mean a world wide - open to imports of Chinese goods and to investments that allow Chinese firms to devour global resources , while placing ever less reliance on the U.S. dollar as the medium of international exchange .
The question that remains unanswered : Will China begin flexing its growing military muscle ?
Certainly , Beijing will do so in at least an indirect manner .
By supplying arms and military advisers to its growing network of allies abroad , it will establish a military presence in ever more areas .
My suspicion is that China will continue to avoid the use of force in any situation that might lead to a confrontation with major Western powers , but may not hesitate to bring its military to bear in any clash of national wills involving neighboring countries .
Such a situation could arise , for example , in a maritime dispute over control of the energy - rich South China Sea or in Central Asia , if one of the former Soviet republics became a haven for Uighur militants seeking to undermine Chinese control over Xinjiang Province .
The eagle comes in for a landing
Just as the rise of China is now taken for granted , so , too , is the decline of the United States .
Much has been written about America ’s inevitable loss of primacy as this country suffers the consequences of economic mismanagement and imperial overstretch .
This perspective was present in Global Trends 2025 , a strategic assessment of the coming decades prepared for the incoming Obama administration by the National Intelligence Council ( NIC ) , an affiliate of the Central Intelligence Agency .
“ Although the United States is likely to remain the single most powerful actor [ in 2025 ] , ” the NIC predicted , “ the United States ’ relative strength — even in the military realm — will decline and U.S. leverage will become more constrained . ”
Some unforeseen catastrophe aside , however , the U.S. is not likely to be poorer in 2020 or more backward technologically .
In fact , according to the most recent Department of Energy projections , America ’s GDP in 2020 will be approximately $ 17.5 trillion ( in 2005 dollars ) , nearly one - third greater than today .
Moreover , some of the initiatives already launched by President Obama to stimulate the development of advanced energy systems are likely to begin bearing fruit , possibly giving the United States an edge in certain green technologies .
And do n’t forget , the U.S. will remain the globe ’s preeminent military power , with China lagging well behind , and no other potential rival able to mobilize even Chinese - level resources to challenge U.S. military advantages .
What will change is America ’s position relative to China and other nations — and so , of course , its ability to dominate the global economy and the world political agenda .
Again using DoE projections , we find that in 2005 , America ’s GDP of $ 12.4 trillion exceeded that of all the nations of Asia and South America combined , including Brazil , China , India , and Japan .
By 2020 , the combined GDP of Asia and South America will be about 40 percent greater than that of the U.S. , and growing at a much faster rate .
By then , the United States will be deeply indebted to more solvent foreign nations , especially China , for the funds needed to pay for continuing budget deficits occasioned by the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , the Pentagon budget , the federal stimulus package , and the absorption of “ toxic assets ” from troubled banks and corporations .
Count on this , though : in an increasingly competitive world economy in which U.S. firms enjoy ever diminishing advantages , the prospects for ordinary Americans will be distinctly dimmer .
Some sectors of the economy , and some parts of the country , will certainly continue to thrive , but others will surely suffer Detroit ’s fate , becoming economically hollowed out and experiencing wholesale impoverishment .
For many — perhaps most —
Americans , the world of 2020 may still provide a standard of living far superior to that enjoyed by a majority of the world ; but the perks and advantages that most middle class folks once took for granted — college education , relatively accessible ( and affordable ) medical care , meals out , foreign travel — will prove significantly harder to come by .
Even America ’s military advantage will be much eroded .
The colossal costs of the disastrous Iraq and Afghan wars will set limits on the nation ’s ability to undertake significant military missions abroad .
Keep in mind that , in the first decade of the twenty - first century , a significant proportion of the basic combat equipment of the Army and Marine Corps has been damaged or destroyed in these wars , while the fighting units themselves have been badly battered by multiple tours of duty .
Repairing this damage would require at least a decade of relative quiescence , which is nowhere in sight .
The growing constraints on American power were recently acknowledged by President Obama in an unusual setting : his West Point address announcing a troop surge in Afghanistan .
Far from constituting a triumphalist expression of American power and preeminence , like President Bush ’s speeches on the Iraq War , his was an implicit admission of decline .
Alluding to the hubris of his predecessor , Obama noted , “ We ’ve failed to appreciate the connection between our national security and our economy .
In the wake of the economic crisis , too many of our neighbors and friends are out of work and struggle to pay the bills …
Meanwhile , competition in the global economy has grown more fierce .
So we simply ca n’t afford to ignore the price of these wars . ”
Many have chosen to interpret Obama ’s Afghan surge decision as a typical twentieth - century - style expression of America ’s readiness to intervene anywhere on the planet at a moment ’s notice .
I view it as a transitional move meant to prevent the utter collapse of an ill - conceived military venture at a time when the United States is increasingly being forced to rely on non-military means of persuasion and the cooperation , however tempered , of allies .
President Obama said as much : “ We ’ll have to be nimble and precise in our use of military power …
And we ca n’t count on military might alone . ”
Increasingly , this will be the mantra of strategic planning that will govern the American eagle in decline .
The rising South
The second decade of the century will also witness the growing importance of the global South : the formerly - colonized , still - developing areas of Africa , Asia , and Latin America .
Once playing a relatively marginal role in world affairs , they were considered open territory , there to be invaded , plundered , and dominated by the major powers of Europe , North America , and ( for a time ) Japan .
To some degree , the global South , a.k.a. the “ Third World , ” still plays a marginal role , but that is changing .
Once a member in good standing of the global South , China is now an economic superpower and India is well on its way to earning this status .
Second - tier states of the South , including Brazil , Indonesia , South Africa , and Turkey , are on the rise economically , and even the smallest and least well - off nations of the South have begun to attract international attention as providers of crucial raw materials or as sites of intractable problems including endemic terrorism and crime syndicates .
To some degree , this is a product of numbers — growing populations and growing wealth .
In 2000 , the population of the global South stood at an estimated 4.9 billion people ; by 2020 , that number is expected to hit 6.4 billion .
Many of these new inhabitants of planet Earth will be poor and disenfranchised , but most will be workers ( in either the formal or informal economy ) , many will participate in the political process in some way , and some will be entrepreneurs , labor leaders , teachers , criminals , or militants .
Whatever the case , they will make their presence felt .
The nations of the South will also play a growing economic role as sources of raw materials in an era of increasing scarcity and founts of entrepreneurial vitality .
By one estimate , the combined GDP of the global South ( excluding China ) will jump from $ 7.8 trillion in 2005 to $ 15.8 trillion in 2020 , an increase of more than 100 percent .
In particular , many of the prime deposits of oil , natural gas , and the key minerals needed in the global North to keep the industrial system going are facing wholesale depletion after decades of hyper - intensive extraction , leaving only the deposits in the South to be exploited .
Take oil :
In 1990 , 43 percent of world daily oil output was supplied by members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( the major Persian Gulf producers plus Algeria , Angola , Ecuador , Libya , Nigeria , and Venezuela ) , other African and Latin American producers , and the Caspian Sea countries ; by 2020 , their share will rise to 58 percent .
A similar shift in the center of gravity of world mineral production will take place , with unexpected countries like Afghanistan , Kazakhstan , Mongolia , Niger ( a major uranium supplier ) , and the Democratic Republic of Congo taking on potentially crucial roles .
Inevitably , the global South will also play a conspicuous role in a series of potentially devastating developments .
Combine persistent deep poverty , economic desperation , population growth , and intensifying climate degradation and you have a recipe for political unrest , insurgency , religious extremism , increased criminality , mass migrations , and the spread of disease .
The global North will seek to immunize itself from these disorders by building fences of every sort , but through sheer numbers alone , the inhabitants of the South will make their presence felt , one way or another .
The planet strikes back
All of this might represent nothing more than the normal changing of the imperial guard on planet Earth , if that planet itself were n’t undergoing far more profound changes than any individual power or set of powers , no matter how strong .
The ever more intrusive realities of global warming , resource scarcity , and food insufficiency will , by the end of this century ’s second decade , be undeniable and , if not by 2020 , then in the decades to come , have the capacity to put normal military and economic power , no matter how impressive , in the shade .
“ There is little doubt about the main trends , ” Professor Ole Danbolt Mjøs , Chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee , said in awarding the Peace Prize to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and Al Gore in December 2007 : “ More and more scientists have reached ever closer agreement concerning the increasingly dramatic consequences that will follow from global warming . ”
Likewise , a growing body of energy experts has concluded that the global production of conventional oil will soon reach a peak ( if it has n’t already ) and decline , producing a worldwide energy shortage .
Meanwhile , fears of future food emergencies , prompted in part by global warming and high energy prices , are becoming more widespread .
All of this was apparent when world leaders met in Copenhagen and failed to establish an effective international regime for reducing the emission of climate - altering greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) .
Even though they did agree to keep talking and comply with a non-binding , aspirational scheme to cut back on GHGs , observers believe that such efforts are unlikely to lead to meaningful progress in controlling global warming in the near future .
What few doubt is that the pace of climate change will accelerate destructively in the second decade of this century , that conventional ( liquid ) petroleum and other key resources will become scarcer and more difficult to extract , and that food supplies will diminish in many poor , environmentally vulnerable areas .
Scientists do not agree on the precise nature , timing , and geographical impact of climate - change effects , but they do generally agree that , as we move deeper into the century , we will be seeing an exponential increase in the density of the heat - trapping greenhouse - gas layer in the atmosphere as the consumption of fossil fuels grows and past smokestack emissions migrate to the outer atmosphere .
DoE data indicates , for example , that between 1990 and 2005 , world carbon dioxide emissions grew by 32 percent , from 21.5 to 31.0 billion metric tons .
It can take as much as 50 years for GHGs to reach the greenhouse layer , which means that their effect will increase even if — as appears unlikely — the nations of the world soon begin to reduce their future emissions .
In other words , the early manifestations of global warming in the first decade of this century — intensifying hurricanes and typhoons , torrential rains followed by severe flooding in some areas and prolonged , even record - breaking droughts in others , melting ice - caps and glaciers , and rising sea levels — will all become more pronounced in the second .
As suggested by the IPCC in its 2007 report , uninhabitable dust bowls are likely to emerge in large areas of Central and Northeast Asia , Mexico and the American Southwest , and the Mediterranean basin .
Significant parts of Africa are likely to be devastated by rising temperatures and diminished rainfall .
More cities are likely to undergo the sort of flooding and destruction experienced by New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
And blistering summers , as well as infrequent or negligible rainfall , will limit crop production in key food - producing regions .
Progress will be evident in the development of renewable energy systems , such as wind , solar , and biofuels .
Despite the vast sums now being devoted to their development , however , they will still provide only a relatively small share of world energy in 2020 .
According to DoE projections , renewables will take care of only 10.5 percent of world energy needs in 2020 , while oil and other petroleum liquids will still make up 32.6 percent of global supplies ; coal , 27.1 percent ; and natural gas , 23.8 percent .
In other words , greenhouse gas production will rage on — and , ironically , should it not , thanks to expected shortfalls in the supply of oil , that in itself will likely prove another kind of disaster , pushing up the prices of all energy sources and endangering economic stability .
Most industry experts , including those at the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) in Paris , believe that it will be nearly impossible to continue increasing the output of conventional and unconventional petroleum ( including tough to harvest Arctic oil , Canadian tar sands , and shale oil ) without increasingly implausible fresh investments of trillions of dollars , much of which would have to go into war - torn , unstable areas like Iraq or corrupt , unreliable states like Russia .
In the latest hit movie Avatar , the lush , mineral - rich moon Pandora is under assault by human intruders seeking to extract a fabulously valuable mineral called “ unobtainium . ”
Opposing them are not only a humanoid race called the Na’vi , loosely modeled on Native Americans and Amazonian jungle dwellers , but also the semi-sentient flora and fauna of Pandora itself .
While our own planet may not possess such extraordinary capabilities , it is clear that the environmental damage caused by humans since the onset of the Industrial Revolution is producing a natural blowback effect which will become increasingly visible in the coming decade .
These , then , are the four trends most likely to dominate the second decade of this century .
Perhaps others will eventually prove more significant , or some set of catastrophic events will further alter the global landscape , but for now expect the dragon ascendant , the eagle descending , the South rising , and the planet possibly trumping all of these .
SECRET LAWS …. John Gilmore is suing the government because he does n’t think he should be required to show ID before boarding a commercial flight .
I think this is stupid and he deserves to be thrown out of court .
At least , that ’s what I ’d think if it were n’t for this :
The Bush administration …claims that the ID requirement is necessary for security but has refused to identify any actual regulation requiring it .
A three - judge panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals seemed skeptical of the Bush administration ’s defense of secret laws and regulations but stopped short of suggesting that such a rule would be necessarily unconstitutional .
“ How do we know there ’s an order ? ” Judge Thomas Nelson asked .
“ Because you said there was ? ” …. The Justice Department has said it could identify the secret law under seal , which would be available to the 9th Circuit but not necessarily Gilmore ’s lawyers .
But any public description would not be permitted , the department said .
WTF ?
Call me naive , but I ’ve never heard of a secret law .
I ’ve heard of secret courts and secret evidence ?
which are bad enough already ?
but not secret laws .
When did this happen ?
And another thing .
How could it possibly harm national security to identify the text of the law that requires passengers to show ID before boarding a plane ?
Maybe someone with a more vivid imagination than me can come up with something , but I can’t .
POSTSCRIPT : Seriously , is this true ?
I ’m just gobsmacked .
Congress is passing laws that the American public is n’t allowed to know about ?
Any of us might be prosecuted under one of these laws that we do n’t know exists ?
Courts are being asked to interpret laws they ’ve never seen ?
This gives Kafakesque a very chilling and newly concrete meaning .
