John Tortorella Goes Nuts After Capitals Fan Dumps Beer On Him
Total Pro Sports – John Tortorella decided to bench his out - of - control forward Sean Avery for losing his cool in big situations .
Wonder what Avery was thinking as he watched Tortorella try to get at some cap fans with a hockey stick .
Last night at the Verizon Center in Washington , during game 5 of the best - of - seven series between the New York Rangers and Washington Capitals , ‘ good ol ’ Torts ’ had another one of his classic moments .
But this time we can’t really blame him .
During a commercial break late in a 4 - 0 loss , he got in to it with a drunken fan behind the bench .
“ Rangers coach John Tortorella threw a plastic drinking bottle over the glass and into the stands during a confrontation with a fan in the third period of New York ’s 4 - 0 loss to the Washington Capitals on Friday night . ”
“ Tortorella and a man standing near New York ’s bench yelled at each other with about 13 1/2 minutes left in the game .
After Tortorella heaved the bottle , he grabbed a hockey stick and held it high , waving it in the fan ’s direction .
A TV replay of the episode did not show whether anything was thrown at Tortorella , but he did use a towel to wipe off his suit . ”
The incident was brought under control , but it was an amusing moment and leaves open a world of possibilities should the series come back to Washington for a game 7 .
During his press conference , Tortorella replied to questions about the incident by stating that he would only talk about the game .
Tortorella responded : “ Ask me a question about the game . ”
The reporter continued , asking for elaboration : “ Did you throw a water bottle ? ”
Tortorella : “ Ask me a question about the game . ”
After seeing Ovechkin ’s undress Defense Derrick Morris , its not wonder he was so angry ( check the goal out below as well ) .
The Rangers will head back to New York hoping to close the series out in 6 .
Hopefully this incident can take some of the attention away from the Avery story , but it is anyone ’s guess whether he will suit up again in these playoffs .
Sure looked like the Rangers could use him .
[ poll id = ” 21 ″ ]
Here ’s the video of the fan incident from the TSN Camera’s
The angle from the Versus Camera’s
John Tortorella Throwing A Water Bottle Back At Fan
Share This
The National Hockey League announced Saturday that New York Rangers coach John Tortorella has been suspended for one game for squirting a fan with water and throwing a water bottle that struck a fan during Game 5 of the Eastern Conference Quarterfinal Series with the Washington Capitals on April 24 in Washington .
The incident occurred 6:33 into the third period .
Tortorella will miss the Rangers ' game Sunday afternoon against Washington at Madison Square Garden .
" While it is a difficult decision to suspend a coach at this point in a playoff series , it has been made clear to all of our players , coaches and other bench personnel that the National Hockey League cannot -- and will not -- tolerate any physical contact with fans , ” NHL Senior Executive Vice President and Director of Hockey Operations Colin Campbell said .
" We do not take this action lightly .
It is the result of an entire day of investigation and evaluation that included the retrieval and review of videotape of the incident and discussions with Mr. Tortorella , other Rangers ' bench personnel and a number of other people , including the security personnel at the Verizon Center .
" That investigation revealed that Mr. Tortorella squirted a fan with water before Mr. Tortorella was doused with a beverage .
" While , in these circumstances , it always is easy to allege mitigating circumstances , the fact is we do not tolerate contact with our fans in this manner .
That is communicated before each season in a memo that is issued by the League to all of the management , coaches and players of every team .
" The Sept. 8 , 2008 , memo , entitled ' Supplementary Discipline Reminders for the 2008 - 09 Season , ' included the following section regarding Contact With Fans : The suspension was issued pursuant to the Commissioner 's authority under Section 6.3 ( j ) ( 1 ) ( a ) of the NHL Constitution .
The Ministry of Defence is embroiled in a discrimination row after backing a range of " HM Armed Forces " model soldiers that ignores women and whose promotional campaign snubs black and Asian troops .
The figures , created with the help of senior officials from the army , navy and RAF , carry the MoD logo and are designed to represent the modern face of Britain 's military .
However , the 25 cm all - male models - including commandos , infantry , pilots , divers and parachutists - were criticised last night for insulting the 17,900 women in the armed forces .
The MoD was also accused of racism after 25 images of the toy figures posted on a website promoting the range were all white - skinned .
Des Feely , whose 26 - year - old daughter Sarah Bryant was killed in Afghanistan last year , said the decision to ignore female recruits appeared " overtly macho " and said he could not understand why the contribution of women had been overlooked .
Tory MP Patrick Mercer , an , ex-infantry officer , said : " It is extraordinary they have chosen to exclude women and Gurkhas , whose contributions are vital to the modern British army . "
Manufacturer Character Group said it was looking at introducing a female figure next year .
The court case between Take - Two and 3D Realms is starting to edge away from being simple drama and into Lifetime Channel levels of insanity .
In the newest wrinkle , Take - Two is claiming that 3D Realms has large amounts of money hidden in offshore accounts , and the company should use that cash to fulfill its obligations .
3D Realms , of course , disputes this .
" Do readers here realize that filed lawsuits are entirely one - sided statements , based on knee - deep BS and with more spin that a top ? "
3D Realms / Apogee Ltd. founder Scott Miller wrote to Shacknews .
" 3DR has been in nearly a dozen lawsuits ( including against Warner and Fox ) .
We 're always innocent , and we always win .
This one is no exception .
Give it a year , then the truth will come out . "
Take - Two wants an Xbox 360 version of Duke Nukem Forever , but it does n't look like the two companies are going to be able to amicably reach an agreement to allow that to happen .
Take - Two also wants the incomplete source from the PC version of the game to use to create the console version of the game , and it also does n't seem as if 3D Realms is going to give that up without a fight .
You can read the details on the whole mess at Shacknews , but the takeaway is that both companies can't come to an agreement as to who should fund what , and what 's the best outcome for themselves .
So now they grind it out in court , which seems like the worst thing for everyone involved .
One can only image a young Duke Nukem , crying in the basement , hoping his parents get back together .
Posted on 11 June 2009
Oil and gas exploration by energy giants Exxon , BP and Rosneft is seriously threatening one of the world ’s most critically endangered whales , according to a panel of top scientists in a new report .
– Oil and gas exploration by energy giants Exxon , BP and Rosneft is seriously threatening one of the world ’s most critically endangered whales , according to a panel of top scientists in a new report .
The Western Gray Whale Advisory Panel ( WGWAP ) , composed of 11 scientists and representatives from Shell and Sakahlin Energy , met in April to discuss how oil and gas development affect the whales ’ main annual feeding area off the northeastern coast of Sakhalin Island , Russia .
The scientists found that in 2008 there was a large decrease in the number of whales in their annual feeding area near the shore during a period of loud industrial activity , including a seismic survey .
This is significant because if the whales are displaced from this primary annual feeding area , they will have less success reproducing .
“ Western gray whale cows with their calves feed near the shore , but the industrial noise resulting from oil and gas development activities is pushing them out of the area , ” Doug Norlen from Pacific Environment .
“ Any disturbance of these critically endangered whales ’ behavior is particularly concerning as there are only 130 of them left .
" However , Exxon , BP and Rosneft have refused to address their threats to the Western Gray Whale and these oil giants plan to carry out further activities in 2009 including seismic testing , construction and other loud activities that could displace whales from their annual feeding area .
“ The new information presented at this meeting has heightened rather than diminished the Panel ’s concern that whale distribution and behaviour may have been seriously affected by industrial activities – on land and offshore - in 2008 , ” according to the panel ’s report .
Meanwhile , 35,000 people from across the world have signed on to a petition calling on five major oil companies including Exxon , BP and Rosneft to postpone any new development work in the vicinity of the Western Gray Whale feeding area this summer , and to work with experts find adequate measures to protect the critically endangered population .
WWF is sending the petitions to oil companies this week , urging them to act immediately as the gray whales will start to arrive at their summer feeding area near Sakhalin in a couple of weeks .
“ Tens of thousands of people are calling on Exxon , BP and Rosneft to immediately halt their potentially destructive activities at Sakhalin Island this summer , and these companies can either choose to act responsibly or stay their course and help push the western gray whale further toward extinction , ” said Aleksey Knizhnikov , WWF Russia .
The panel reiterated it call for a moratorium on all development activities in the area this summer .
Because of those concerns , Sakhalin Energy - a partnership between Shell , Gasprom and other sharholders – agreed in April to cancel their proposed 2009 seismic activities in the whales ’ feeding area .
The Western Gray
Whale is one of the world ’s most endangered whales , with only 25 - 30 breeding females remaining .
JREF Swift Blog
Remember Steorn ?
" Imagine ...
A world with an infinite supply of pure energy .
Never having to recharge your phone .
Never having to refuel your car . "
In 2006 , Steorn took out a full page ad in The Economist promising " free , clean , and constant energy . ”
This was notable not only because it was at odds with the known laws of physics , but also because The Economist is an unusual place to announce a breakthrough that would change just about everything we know about the world around us .
Randi commented on their follies here .
In 2007 , the promised test of their “ Orbo ” device came … and sadly , the device could n’t handle the “ hot lights ” of the test environment .
Later , they blamed an “ internal greenhouse effect . ”
Fair enough ( not really ) , what ’s happened with the device since ?
Well , I do n’t know about you , but I still get an electric bill every month .
According to the Irish Times , Steorn recently announced that the jury of scientists appointed to study their product has quit , and that no further information will be available .
Read the entire Irish Times article , as it says all that needs to said .
Steorn made promises , and apparently they can’t keep them .
No one is surprised .
In the meantime , scientists will continue to look for better sources of energy , and at least some investors learned about the expression " There 's no such thing as a free lunch . "
NEW STORY : " Biopsy Doppelganger " , by S. Craig Renfroe
" Son of Adam , " roars the great lion Aslan , " Daughter of Eve ! "
But why only sons of Adam ?
Why only daughters of Eve ?
Why must we accept the curse of Cain endemic to traditional reproductive and birthing practices ?
Why not avoid original sin by straight - up avoiding the process by which , so the Baptists say , original sin is transmitted from generation to generation ?
In " Biopsy Doppelganger , " S. Craig Renfroe presents a new kind of being : a creature born not of man and woman , but of science .
The unnaturally created being is a classic trope from Frankenstein on up , one which troubles our sense of self , which makes us all - too - aware of the thin line separating our miraculous living bodies from total nonfunction and disaster , and which motivates any number of cliche " evil twin " pieces .
" Biopsy Doppelganger " isa cliche " evil twin " piece .
I do n't know what it is .
It 's great is what it is .
" Biopsy Doppelganger " starts off with one set of storytelling rules and ends up with a completely different set of storytelling rules .
It is a " tale that grows in the telling , " much like the horrible , lovable cyst at the heart of the piece .
I like that Renfroe takes a story that should be a one - note joke — guy has a horrible cyst that comes alive ; hilarious — and he takes that joke and runs with it in an entirely unexpected direction .
" Biopsy Doppelganger " is also very funny , and features references to both the lonely death - by - bandits of Ambrose Bierce and to early Jackson Five material .
The audio recording features vocal distortion effects far beyond mortal ken .
Arm - in - arm with Harlan Ellison 's " Shatterday " and John Fowora 's Pteromyini , Renfroe 's excellent story teaches us a welcome lesson : learn to get along with people in your life , or science and surgery will solve your problems for you .
And just as it is not ideal to let your mom clean your room for you ,
If you want to beat the best software in the world at a classic board game , the only one left to you is the strategy game Go .
It 's long been considered the last bastion of human gaming superiority , holding out against the onslaught of computational brute force and artificial intelligence techniques , while draughts , Othello , backgammon and chess have all fallen .
But to be a human winner at Go , you 're going to have to get good in a hurry .
The end , with computers ruling , is in sight .
In February , the software MoGo , developed at the University of Paris - Sud , achieved what was once thought impossible : it won two games , on a 19x19 board , against professional Go players .
( It did benefit from a handicap - in effect , a number of free turns at the start of the game . )
The same month , a program called Many Faces of Go , with a seven - turn handicap , beat a professional in a game played during the general meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
( Click here for the human - computer Go challenges page . )
The wins did require a lot of computing power , however .
MoGo was running on 640 cores of the Huygens supercomputer in Amsterdam ; Many Faces of Go on a 32 - core 3.2GHz Xeon , eight quad cores networked together .
Next month the bar is likely to rise again as programmers fine - tune their code for the annual International Computer Games Association tournament , the computer olympiad , in Pamplona , Spain .
Yet even a few years ago Go looked like an impossible computing task : the " search space " for each move was too big .
At each turn , especially in the beginning , there are hundreds of possible places to play ( the board has 361 points , compared to chess 's 64 ) , and deciding on which will turn out better a number of moves ahead - a comparatively simple task in chess and draughts - turns into a morass , with hundreds of almost - equal possibilities and a few hundred moves over which to compare them .
Standard " minimax " methods that work for chess ( picking the move that gives your opponent the fewest high - value moves in future ) do n't work in Go .
Across the board
What 's changed has been the development of the UCT algorithm , a special case of the Monte Carlo Tree Search ( MCTS ) algorithm .
UCT first appeared in 2006 applied to small 9x9 Go boards , and now academics , and professional Go programmers , are extending and refining its techniques .
It has led to a revolution in Go program development .
David Fotland , the US - based commercial developer behind Many Faces of Go , says the results represent a major leap .
But he 's realistic about the achievement .
" My machine can beat a good amateur , but not a great amateur . "
In 2008 he spent six months incorporating UCT into his software , combined with his traditional Go algorithm ( " the new algorithm has some blind spots " ) , and won that year 's computer olympiad .
At the event every program incorporating UCT beat all the ones using traditional methods .
Go pieces are called stones , are black or white , and identical .
Playing alternately , the object is to use one 's stones to surround as many blank intersections ( called " territory " ) as possible .
Games typically have a couple of hundred moves .
The Go rating scale for amateurs starts at 35 kyu , and moves towards 0 : the highest level is 1 kyu .
The next amateur rank is 1 dan , up to 7 dan .
Above them are professionals , who start at pro 1 dan going up to pro 9 dan , the highest level possible .
" Handicapping " allows weaker competitors to play on a level footing with stronger ones : each difference in grading is given as one stone 's start .
Thus a 20 - kyu player would get nine stones in a game against an 11 - kyu player .
Many Faces of Go's result puts it at about a 1 - dan amateur ranking .
David Silver , who 's researching
Go for his PhD at the University of Alberta , says that : " Anyone who would have suggested this [ could happen ] a couple of years ago would have been laughed out of town . "
Silver contributed to MoGo in 2007 , developing UCT , which led to the first victories against human pro players on 9x9 boards .
But when he started his PhD , pre-UCT , he was discouraged from studying the game by the head of the university 's games research group .
Too many good minds had been wasted on it , and the research was doomed to failure , it was thought .
Game of chance
For the past 30 years ,
Go programs have evaluated positions by using handcrafted heuristics based on human knowledge of shapes , patterns and rules .
However , professional
Go players often play moves according to intuitive feelings that are hard to quantify .
Encoding their knowledge into machine - understandable rules has proved to be a dead end .
UCT works on the idea of playing out games over and over again , choosing moves at random , but it is biased to what 's been successful before .
It does this while still allowing alternative lines to be explored .
Now , Silver says : " I feel very fortunate doing research during this revolutionary period .
MCTS is in its infancy , but the rate of performance improvement is pretty rapid . "
He thinks a machine to beat all humans could appear in four to five years .
Yet humans have n't lost all their tricks .
As the human v computer Go challenges page notes : " In every case where each player [ computer and human ] won at least one game , the human lost the first game played and won the rest .
This may be because of experience gained in the first game , or because of techniques learned from discussions with the other players . "
But the randomisation the UCT algorithm brings may make that result less likely .
Fotland thinks the UCT - based work responds to a certain amount of processor supercharging , but then plateaus .
" There is a certain kind of large - scale fighting in Go that requires a kind of thinking the algorithm not good at .
[ The ranking ] 1 dan amateur is where people start being good at these large - scale fights . "
Wacky races
His rival Mick Reiss , the commercial programmer behind Go++ ( bit.ly / AnJ9s ) , released his version incorporating UCT in Japan this month .
His publisher says it matches the Japanese commercial version of Many Faces of Go in strength .
Reiss does n't think UCT is the total answer .
Of pure UCT - based programs , he says : " A lot of them play in a wacky way , which does n't really work .
Because it 's so different to what Go players are used to , in the early games they get beaten .
Once they get a bit of practice they get their revenge . "
The highest level of his own program is based on a combination of the old - style Go approach and the UCT program .
" It does less of the strangeness of the pure UCT programs .
It plays in a more conventional way . "
Fotland is still circumspect about when computers will dominate Go . " I 'd say 20 years .
There 's got to be several algorithm breakthroughs , and 20 years of Moore 's law . "
And then ?
The end of an era ?
Certainly .
But the end of playing Go ?
Thankfully , as the evidence shows , we still enjoy the simple pleasure of just playing games .
• This article was amended on Friday 1 May 2009 .
We previously said that a program called Many Faces of Go beat a professional in a game played during the general meeting of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence .
It was actually during the general meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
This has been corrected .
If United Kingdom business leaders and local community authorities are to be believed , then there is no greater threat to the country than gatherings of young people .
They must be prevented from enjoying each others company by any means at any cost , lest they befoul surroundings with their bad skin , terrible dress sense and worse command of the English language .
Fortunately for buzz killing authorities , there are a number of effective British solutions to combat the teenage menace by means that are physical , psychological and technological .
Today , we examine how regular folks above the age of twenty have managed to spare their communities from the blight of large groups of spotty - faced , poorly dressed and foul - mouthed louts .
1. Anti-teen Noise
The Sonic Teenager Deterrent emits bursts of ear - splittingly loud ( 80 dB ) high frequency sound that is supposedly impossible for most adults over the age of 20 to hear .
Described as sounding like “ a demented insect or a very badly - played violin . ”
The idea is young ne ’r - do - wells will not want to hang around outside of stores waiting for opportunities to shoplift when they are exposed to volumes of sound loud enough to damage their hearing .
Verdict : Epic failure !
Unfortunately the technological solution to the teenage problem was the most overwhelming failure of the lot .
While most people under the age of 20 are not able to hear the high pitched squeal of the Sonic Teenager Deterrent , some people can hear it well into their 30’s , so it not only deters penniless students , but also repels paying customers .
To further rub salt in the wound , teenagers have hijacked the high - pitched sound and turned it into a secret ringtone that ca n’t be heard by adults .
Also , there were some concerns as to the legality of a system that could potentially damage hearing .
Can you hear the mosquito tone ?
Hit play on the video below to find out .
[ Uberreview ]
Ethiopian troops ousted Islamist forces from Mogadishu in 2006 Ethiopian military forces have crossed back into Somalia , four months after leaving , witnesses told the BBC .
Their reported return comes as Islamist militants continue to seize towns from the fragile Western - backed government .
One resident said he saw Ethiopian troops digging trenches in Kalabeyr , a town 22 km ( 14 miles ) from the Somali - Ethiopian border .
An Ethiopian spokesman denied the reports .
Its troops left Somalia in January after two years in the country .
They entered Somalia in 2006 to help oust Islamist forces from the capital Mogadishu but withdrew under a UN - backed peace deal .
They stopped me and checked my car and then ordered me to move
Farah Ahmed Adaan
Bus driver
Ethiopia 's Somalia dilemma
When its troops left , Ethiopia made it clear it did still reserve the right to intervene in Somalia if its interests were directly threatened .
There have been several reports of the Ethiopian military crossing into Somali territory for hot - pursuit operations , or to check vehicles moving in the border area .
The BBC's Elizabeth Blunt in Addis Ababa says the latest reported troop movements may well be part of a similar , limited operation .
But Ethiopian foreign ministry spokesman Wahade Belay denied the reports .
" This is a totally fabricated story .
We have no plans to go into any of Somalia 's territory , " he told Reuters news agency .
Language However , Kalabeyr resident Fadumo Du'ale told the BBC's Mohamed Olad Hassan on Tuesday : " They have crossed the border late last night and they are here now .
They look to be stationing here . "
Another resident , Tabane Abdi Ali , told the BBC : " We recognise them because of their military uniform and the language they were speaking . "
Bus driver Farah Ahmed Adaan told our correspondent he had spotted " a lot " of Ethiopian troops with 12 military vehicles .
Islamist guerrillas now control swathes of Somalia " Some of them were digging trenches while others were guarding the whole area , " he said .
" They stopped me and checked my car and then ordered me to move . "
On Sunday , fighters from the al - Shabab group , which is linked to al - Qaeda , took the key town of Jowhar from government forces .
This is the home town of President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed and now that the country 's rainy season has arrived , Jowhar is the only passable route into central Somalia from the capital .
Since withdrawing at the beginning of the year , Ethiopian troops have kept up a strong presence along the Somali border .
Ethiopia , a US ally , invaded its war - torn neighbour in December 2006 to prop up the transitional government and initially everything went according to plan .
Rebel resistance melted away before the 3,000 - strong Ethiopian advance and the Somali government was able to set up in Mogadishu .
But the government did not extend its control and the Islamists continued to launch deadly attacks on both Ethiopian and Somali government forces .
About 4,300 Ugandan and Burundian peacekeepers from the African Union have arrived in Mogadishu , where they have taken up positions vacated by the Ethiopians in January .
But analysts say they are only in effective control of the presidential palace , airport and seaport in Mogadishu , while the Islamist guerrillas control chunks of the capital , along with swathes of central and southern Somalia .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Programming with PerlQt
PerlQt is a very fast and easy way to create great looking GUI programs using the Qt drag and drop form designer and Perl .
PerlQt is powerful enough for advanced developers and easy for beginners as well .
This Wiki site is intended for people of all skill levels that want a quick way to get started programing with PerlQt .
Please contact us and let us know how we can make this site help you better .
Radados.org developers have created a PerlQt project manager that makes it very easy to learn the starting steps of computer programming by reducing the complex steps of project creation to a few simple buttons .
This tool does not teach anyone how to program in Perl or C++ with Qt but it does enable users to explore their possibilities with out feeling intimidated by the complexities that PerlQt is handling for them automatically in the background .
This Wiki site was setup to help you learn how to program in PerlQt .
New to programming then start here
New to Perl then start here
Installing the PerlQt project manager from Radados.org
Overview of the PerlQt project manager from Radados.org
PerlQt Forms what are they and how to design them
Signals and Slots how to use them to connect events to actions
Download working examples of projects
New Stuff
Watch the video tutorial on installing and programming with PerlQt on Linux Mint
For a detailed list of what 's new please see Recent changes .
Example projects are now hosted on http://PerlQt.wikidot.com for
faster bandwidth and better access for everyone .
Database connections to MySQL and PostgreSQL have a new example program .
VeSql !
Take a look at the Database connections section .
Links
Alternatives to PerlQt
PyQt Python with Qt
QtRuby Ruby with Qt
wxPerl Perl with wxWidgets
Perl / Tk Perl with Tk / Tcl
Perl Curses for terminal user interfaces
Interesting Links
Perl - The Swiss - Army chainsaw of programming .
Getting Started , listening
Last week I gave an “ introduction to social media ” presentation to the Board of Directors of a multinational nonprofit organization .
This was the normal “ what is social media ” overview , a review and overview of the popular platforms ( Facebook , Twitter , You Tube , blogs , etc. ) and summary of how to get started in social media .
By the time I was 10 minutes into the presentation , I had heard three objections to using social media , and these objections kept coming at me throughout the entire time I presented .
It has been a long time since I was in a room of people scared of social media .
I ’m going to take this opportunity to address their objections one at a time .
At the end of this blog post , please tell me if you think I ’ve satisfactorily addressed the concerns , and how you might add to these responses .
1 . It ’s not safe !
What about the BU Craigslist killer ?
( someone REALLY asked this question in the presentation )
The ” BU Craigslist killer ” was actually Philip Markoff , a Boston University medical student who looked for massage ads on Craigslist and then attacked the women giving massages .
In essence , how is this any different than if Mr. Markoff had responded to a newspaper print ad ?
Did social media promote the massage ads ?
NO .
Craigslist is not social media , but an online classified advertising site .
In this instance , for massages .
Is one of your nonprofit ’s core services providing massages in hotel rooms ?
If yes , then you might have to worry .
But if your core mission is about helping save the whales , or feed the homeless , or provide rehab services to veterans , then you really do n’t need to worry .
When I asked my Twitter followers for their responses to this question , my personal favorite was from Teresa Boze , who wrote : “ I ’d tell them most household accidents happen in the bathroom … watch out for the toilet bowl monster . ”
On a more serious note , if your organization promotes conversation on sites geared to teens , then you do have a responsibility to ensure that the conversation includes safeguards against teen predators .
Just as in real life , if you bring teenagers together , there should always be a responsible adult present .
2 . What if our biggest rival pretends to be us online ?
Sheena T. Abraham responded ( via Twitter ) to this objection with “ that ’s why you have to build your own online credibility as much as you can , build trust with the online audience . ”
This is one great answer to the question !
If an organization builds its own relationship online with its stakeholders , then this is what will likely happen when a rival impersonates the organization :
the real organization ’s stakeholders will notice and alert the real organization of the problem
the phony organization will not have the ability to create a phony online profile because the real organization has already claimed its online profiles at KnowEm .
The truth is that “ it ’s almost impossible to get your brand name or username back once it ’s been taken ” on a social media site , unlike buying back a website domain name , according to the Know Em blog .
Secondly , listening for mentions of your organization online will alert you to this phenomenon , and your organization can quickly address the issue of the “ phony brand name . ”
I cover this topic further in depth below .
Go get your social media online profile and begin to engage !
3. Social media means a lot of work and we do n’t have the staff time to do that .
I hear that .
I ’ve worked at nonprofit organizations with two staff people , with 20 , and everything in - between .
No matter how many staff people your organization employs , they will always be overtaxed , overworked , with no time to do social media .
This will never change .
It is the nature of not - for - profit organizations .
A good social media strategy takes into account how social media will help your organization better fulfill its mission ( engage with stakeholders ) and create real benefits to the organization ( listen to members , engage with stakeholders , vet new program ideas , measure responses , etc . )
With that in mind , how do you not have the time ?
Amy Sample Ward writes on Twitter that “ organizations want a person or department to “ own ” the task / responsibility instead of seeing it as a tool to aid all departments ’ work . ”
Carie Lewis from the Humane Society of the US ( she ’s their Brand Ambassador ) holds a 9 - minute staff meeting every day to inform each and every one of the HSUS employees about “ what ’s going on that day – PR , what people are talking about on Twitter , etc . ”
Wendy Harman , of the American Red Cross , writes that “ We distribute a daily social media update email that contains a sampling of most relevant mentions . ”
Everyone must be involved .
No more silos .
If social media activities let your organization to grow , soar , and be more efficient , then determine your staff time and resources and create a social media strategy that will accommodate organizational limitations .
4 . There is no place in our organization for social media .
Organizations are used to placing departments in silos .
The organizing department … organizes the community .
The fundraising department … raises money .
The research department … researches .
Where is the “ social media department ? ”
The organizations that implement social media most effectively include everyone in social media , whether it is merely apprising them of the latest activities or including them in the strategy sessions .
Social media is the entire organization ’s “ new website ” …its composite brand identity .
Every department must be involved in some way .
Amy Sample Ward again writes ( via Twitter ) to those that argue “ there is no ‘ home ’ for social media in any of the organization ’s departments , obviously I would argue there is home in ALL of the departments for it . ”
5 . People will attack us online with negative critique .
I have news for you : if you are worried about this , then they are already attacking you online .
If your organization is worried about negative critique , then the best thing that you can do is to be where your critics are …online .
The dissatisfied clients / customers of your nonprofit organization will find a way to critique your organization no matter what – via Twitter , blog posts , commenting on forums and discussion boards , and many other places .
The very best action your nonprofit organization can do is create a social media presence , listen for any and all organizational mentions online , and develop an online presence .
By developing a loyal brand following online , your organization is positioned to respond quickly to all negative remarks , and leverage the loyalty of your followers to pass along your online responses .
For more detailed suggestions on how to engage in proactive reputation management , see a prior post on this subject .
The final thought comes from Danielle Lanyard via Twitter : “ nonprofits were built on an old corporate model where nonprofits are defined by differences from competition vs. a collaborative model which is social media . ”
Social media leverages the collaborative experience , knowledge and information of everyone online to fulfill the organization ’s goals .
The knowledge gained , productive collaborations , extended organizational reach , and increased stakeholder ( and donor ! ) engagement should far outweigh fears about using social media .
Thanks for reading !
Do you have other suggestions for overcoming objections to social media ?
Have you heard these objections before ?
Are there other objections that you want to add , and how you have addressed them ?
I welcome your participation in this conversation !
Please also visit Amy Sample Ward ’s blog , who continues this conversation by inviting her readers to contribute their own Comeback Lines to Social Media Objectors .
The Financial Accounting Standards
Board is meeting on today to discuss proposals to give banks more flexibility in valuing toxic legacy assets in illiquid markets .
We explored what this would mean a few months ago .
It sounds like it is time to bring back our illustration , with a couple of adjustments to reflect recent developments .
Let 's go to the cows .
You borrow $ 200 to buy two cows .
You pay $ 100 for each cow .
You write that down .
Lightning strikes one of your cows , an unlikely event that should only happen once every 10,000 years .
Lightning strikes the other cow .
You notice the cows are on fire .
Your paper still says $ 100 .
Fortunately , mark to market has been suspended so you do n't have to pay attention to the fire .
Your cows look dead .
Your paper still says $ 100 .
Fortunately , mark to market has been suspended so you do n't have to pay attention to the fact that the cows look dead .
They 're probably just sleeping .
You notice that you are n't getting as much milk as expected , so you adjust the model and mark the cows down to $ 98 .
You are confident , however , that the dislocated stream of milk revenue will quickly revert to expectations once the cows wake up .
You need to borrow some money so you ask investors for a loan against the cows .
The investors tell you the cows are dead , and you already owe them $ 200 dollars you borrowed to buy them in the first place .
You show them the paper that says the cows are worth $ 98 each and say the cows are just sleeping .
They light your paper on fire .
You ask the government to buy the sleeping cows at $ 98 each .
Tim Geithner tells you about the public - private investment partnership , which will encourage BlackRock and Pimco to buy the dead cows .
Pimco puts in $ 5 and the Treasury puts in $ 5 , and the FDIC lends $ 60 to a new entity called Pimcows , LLC .
They buy the cow for $ 70 .
Tim whispers that he expects you 'll buy a new cow with the $ 70 .
You have two dead cows , $ 70 and $ 200 in debt to your investors .
You have no plans to buy new cows .
KHOST , Afghanistan ( Reuters ) - The U.S. military has conceded that a raid this week by troops under its command in Afghanistan killed a group of civilians who were defending their home , not militants as it had earlier reported .
A villager looks at a bloodied door of a house after a military raid in a village in Gurbuz district of Khost province April 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Kamal Sadat
The killing of civilians by foreign forces is the biggest source of tension between the Afghan government and its Western backers .
While NATO has tightened its procedures , the latest incident shows the problem is far from solved .
Investigations showed that during an operation by U.S. and Afghan forces in the southeastern province of Khost late on Wednesday , a local family near the target location had opened fire on the troops , the military said in a statement late on Thursday .
“ The combined forces returned fire , killing two males , two females and wounding two females .
There are reports of an infant also killed , ” the statement said .
“ Coalition and Afghan forces do not believe that this family was involved with militant activities and that they were defending their home against an unknown threat , ” it added .
A Reuters witness at the village after the raid saw the body of a seven - day - old boy who died during the raid .
International aid group
Care said in a statement that one of the victims was a female teacher working in a school it supports .
It said the four others killed were members of her family , including two children .
One was a student in her class .
PROTEST AND REGRETS
The Khost Provincial Council has closed its offices in protest until foreign troops commit to ending all unilateral raids not coordinated with Afghan forces , and raids that cause civilian casualties , council head Najibullah Gurbuz told Reuters .
“ We will keep our office closed until foreign forces promise us not to carry out such raids again , which cause the death of civilians , and those who have carried out this attack and have killed these civilians should be brought to justice . ”
The commander of international forces in Afghanistan last year issued a tactical directive to all foreign troops allowing only Afghan troops to take the lead in raids on homes unless a clear danger is identified .
The United States said it regretted the deaths .
“ Words alone cannot begin to express our regret and sympathy and we will ensure the surviving family members are properly cared for , ” the military statement quoted U.S. Brigadier General Michael Ryan as saying .
Some 2,100 civilians were killed in Afghanistan last year , a third of them by Afghan and international troops , the United Nations says .
Violence in Afghanistan has reached its highest level since the 2001 U.S. - led invasion , despite a growing number of foreign troops , and has spread from the south and east to the outskirts of the capital , Kabul .
Afghan and U.S. - led coalition forces killed 36 Taliban fighters in southern Helmand province on Friday , a spokesman for the provincial governor said .
Insurgents killed six policemen in an attack on a post in Nawa district , further south .
Microsoft engineers have fortified the latest version of Windows with a feature designed to make it significantly harder for attackers to exploit bugs that may be lurking deep inside the operating system .
The safeguard is called safe unlinking , and it's been dropped into a part of the Windows 7 kernel that allocates and deallocates chunks of memory .
Safe unlinking performs a series of checks before entries are removed to make sure attackers are n't trying to exploit the operating system using what 's known as a pool overrun .
" This simple check blocks the most common exploit technique for pool overruns , " Peter Beck , a member of Microsoft 's Security Science team writes here .
" It does n't mean pool overruns are impossible to exploit , but it significantly increases the work for an attacker . "
During the past five years or so , Microsoft has added protections such as Data Execution Prevention ( DEP ) and Address Space Layout Randomization ( ASLR ) to the Windows user mode , to make it harder for attackers to exploit bugs in browsers and other applications .
With the percentage of security bulletins affecting the Windows kernel rising from under five percent in 2007 to more than 10 percent last year , Microsoft decided it was time to add the protection to the kernel .
Pool overruns are to the kernel as buffer overruns are to applications .
The attacks work by manipulating doubly linked lists of memory entries , in which each block points to the previous and next entry in the list .
By causing a chunk of memory to point to a tainted section of code , attackers can escalate privileges of the operating system .
Safe unlinking aims to make such exploits harder by deallocating a block only after checking the integrity of the new memory structure .
If it does n't check out , Windows returns a fatal error .
Similar checks were introduced into the user - mode of Service Pack 2 of Windows XP , with additional measures added to Windows Vista .
With most Windows exploits targeting the heap , this latest addition should n't be viewed as the same must - have that ASLR and DEP have become .
Still , it 's hard to find a reason why the safeguard should n't be added , particularly in light of Beck 's assurance that performance wo n't take a hit .
" This is smart , " said Charlie Miller , who as principal analyst at Independent Security Evaluators has successfully exploited weaknesses in Windows , OS X and Linux .
" I think they 're trying to stay ahead of the curve . " ®
Pennsylvania authorities say a Cumberland County man suggested dressing up in animal costumes during online sex chats with a 15 - year - old boy .
Agents found wolf - and cat - type costumes in his home .
Alan David Berlin , a 40 - year - old Carlisle , Pa. , resident , also proposed visiting the boy 's Harrisburg home and having sex in the back yard while his parents slept , according to a news release from the Attorney General 's Office .
Berlin , who used the screen name " alan_panda_bear , " requested nude photos of the boy and suggested they meet in a hotel room where a third person could photograph them having sex , the release says .
The boy 's parents became concerned after discovering sexually graphic messages on their son's computer and called the attorney general 's child predator unit , the release says .
The unit began an investigation Tuesday .
Berlin , a longtime staffer for a Republican state lawmaker , is charged with unlawful contact with a minor , a first - degree felony punishable by up to 20 years in prison and a $ 25,000 fine .
He is also charged with criminal attempted sexual exploitation of children , criminal solicitation to commit sexual abuse of children , all second - degree felonies , and other offenses .
Berlin was arraigned and sent to Dauphin County jail in lieu of $ 250,000 bail .
He has been suspended from work .
Nearly two thirds of Britons think mobile phones today are too complicated , says FoneBank .
According to a survey by the mobile phone recycling company , 61 percent of handset owners think there are too many unnecessary features on their mobile phone now than compared to ten years ago , with 45 percent saying they do n't use the MP3 function in their cell phone .
A further 30 percent also admitted they do n't care about the quality of the camera on their mobile phone .
FoneBank said that half of those surveyed said they only use our mobile phone to make calls and send texts , while 39 percent choose a mobile phone based on how simple it is to use .
FoneBank also highlighted that nearly three - quarters of Brits surveyed think mobile phones are less reliable now , while 72 percent only keep their handsets for a maximum of two years before upgrading to a different model .
" People think they care about ' pixels ' or ' megabits ' when in fact they just want mobiles that are easy to use .
Calling and texting remain the primary functions of mobiles , with web surfing , emailing and music capabilities relatively unimportant , " said Mark Harrison , director of Fonebank .
As part of its research , FoneBank also asked Brits what handset they considered to be their favourite mobile phone of the past ten years .
Motorola 's V3 RAZR , which was launched in 2004 , came out top .
Mobile phone buying advice
See all mobile phone reviews
See also :
Texting with both thumbs stops RSI
This story , " Cell Phones Getting Too Complicated , Poll Finds " was originally published by PC Advisor ( UK ) .
Richard W. Fields says he has come up with a win -win financial strategy for the downturn .
He is investing in lawsuits .
Not in trip - and - fall cases , mind you , but in disputes that are far larger , more costly and potentially more lucrative , often pitting major corporations against each other .
Mr. Fields is chief executive of Juridica Capital Management .
which runs a fund that invests in one side of a lawsuit in exchange for a share of any winnings .
“ It ’s always a good time to invest in litigation , ” Mr. Fields said , though he added that the weak economy helped .
“ When the recession started to bite , the phones started ringing off the hook .
Last year , we looked at 122 cases and we made 17 investments . ”
A small but growing number of investors are exploring this idea , helping companies avoid some of the risks and costs of litigation in exchange for part of any money paid out when the case is settled or resolved by a court .
After all , it can be costly to hire lawyers , who may charge close to $ 1,000 an hour at the most elite firms .
Enlarge By LM Otero , AP
The new Anglican Church in North America is expected to elect Pittsburgh 's Robert Duncan , left , as archbishop .
Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams AP FAITH & REASON FAITH & REASON Join the conversation on religion , spirituality and ethics here .
And catch up on interesting news with USA TODAY's
Cathy Lynn Grossman .
Hundreds of formerly Episcopal parishes are meeting this week to unify as a new national church : the Anglican Church in North America .
Organizers , led by former Episcopal Bishop of Pittsburgh Robert Duncan , expect 300 delegates , including 50 bishops , in Bedford , Texas , for a three - day gathering that begins Monday .
The group is scheduled to adopt church laws that will exclude women and homosexuals as bishops .
It also is expected to elect and install Duncan as archbishop .
FAITH & REASON : Can new national church thrive once controversy fades ?
The new group , which says it represents 100,000 believers , calls itself a province , echoing the language of the worldwide Anglican Communion , the third largest Christian denomination .
The Anglican Communion is a loosely governed collection of 38 regional and national churches , including the 2.1 - million - member U.S. branch , the Episcopal Church , and the Anglican Church of Canada .
However , it may take years for the new group to be recognized as a member of the Communion .
The Episcopal Church has been in turmoil for years over key issues such as whether the Bible allows gays or women to be clergy or bishops .
In 2003 the Episcopal governing body ratified the election of an openly gay bishop , Gene Robinson of New Hampshire .
Divisions deepened with the 2006 election of presiding bishop Katharine Jefferts Schori .
Duncan and other conservative leaders have urged about 10 % of Episcopal Church parishes to align with archbishops in Africa and South America , the " Global South " where the majority of the world 's 80 million Anglicans live now .
In 2008 , The Episcopal Church removed Duncan from ministry .
He immediately was claimed as a bishop by the Anglican Province of the Southern Cone , in South America .
The new church will link eight groups , some founded decades ago , to emphasize biblical authority , church discipline and evangelical missionary outreach .
But once the Episcopal - Anglican split itself is no longer news , then what ?
asks Jim Naughton , canon for communications for the Episcopal Diocese of Washington , D.C. , a liberal diocese that supports Robinson and Schori .
" There 's already a crowded marketplace on the right wing of the American religious spectrum .
I think the challenge is to move beyond the events that spawned them , " says Naughton .
Duncan , however , looks foward to the new church attracting anyone who seeks " the reliability of Scripture , the Catholic tradition and Pentecostal power .
The Anglican Church bridges all three …
If you see the love of Jesus in us , you will join . "
The new church 's proposed constitutional preamble , however , looks back with a swipe at the " those who have embraced erroneous teaching and who have rejected a repeated call to repentance . "
And the governing structure for the Anglican Church in North America is designed to make sure that parishes and dioceses in the new church do n't meander off with different biblical interpretations .
Bishops will have the final say in the choice of future bishops .
Only men , and no gays , will be accepted .
Duncan says the church may continue to ordain women as deacons and priests .
But pushing forward to name them as bishops , he says , is seen by the rest of the Anglican Communion as " a sad and arrogant American approach .
The bishop is the symbol of the diocese and putting someone other dioceses do not recognize as capable of holding the office in the post is divisive in the international church . "
The head of the Anglican Communion , Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams , is sending a " pastoral visitor " from his staff , says Duncan , which he says shows that " we are part of the family . "
Williams himself will attend the Episcopal Church 's governing meeting this summer to give a seminar on combating global poverty .
Jurisdictions that have joined together to form the 28 dioceses and dioceses - in - formation of the Anglican Church in North America are : the dioceses of Fort Worth , Pittsburgh , Quincy and San Joaquin ; the Anglican Mission in the Americas ( including the Anglican Coalition in Canada ) ; the Convocation of Anglicans in North America ; the Anglican Network in Canada ; the Reformed Episcopal Church ; and the missionary initiatives of Kenya , Uganda , and South America 's Southern Cone .
The American Anglican Council and Forward in Faith North America also are founding organizations .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The first sign of trouble was a glitch that appeared in the air speed sensors .
Inside the sleek cockpit of Air France Flight 447 , according to aviation experts , the crew would within minutes be confronted with a cascade of mysterious system failures .
The atmosphere of a routine international flight would vanish .
Warning lights would be flashing and alarms would sound as one high - technology system after another of the highly automated jetliner began going off line .
At the same time , the Airbus A - 330 was flying through turbulence caused by a tropical storm rising from the equator 35,000 feet below that was capable of jostling the pilots so strongly that they may have had difficulty reading the cockpit instruments .
Were the wings level ?
What speed were they traveling ?
Why were the computers reducing their ability to move the plane ’s control surfaces ?
As the pilots frantically worked to understand what was happening during the chaotic final minutes before the plane crashed into the Atlantic Ocean on May 31 , the sky was illuminated by sporadic flashes of lightning .
“ It would tax a really experienced pilot , ” said Robert Ditchey , a pilot , aeronautical engineer and former U.S. airline executive .
“ All hell is breaking loose . ”
French authorities investigating the accident that claimed the lives of 216 passengers and 12 crew members are still at the early stages of determining the cause .
But preliminary evidence has already made it clear that the flight crew was battling a multitude of problems during the final four minutes .
The jetliner sent out 24 automated messages about abnormalities to Air France ’s maintenance department in the minutes before the crash .
The airline has not released that data , but some information has been leaked to outside aviation experts , and ultimately to the news media .
The initial event , based on what is known so far , was the simultaneous failure of three sensors that determine airspeed .
The sensors are called pitot tubes , a decades - old technology that pilots still depend upon .
Pilots rely on several instruments for speed information .
A system of laser gyroscopes and a separate GPS system can tell pilots their ground speed .
But the pitot system provides data about the speed of air flowing across the wings , crucial to maintaining lift .
If all that information disappears , as apparently happened , Air France provided pilots with an emergency procedure checklist .
“ It ’s a very long checklist , ” said Guillaume Pollard , an Air France pilot and a member of one of the three unions representing the airline ’s pilots .
“ You have to take the book out , look for the right page , be available to read what is written and understand what is written .
So you have to have practically nothing else to do but to read this list .
" Airbus officials warned against reading too much into the failure of the airspeed sensors .
“ We know there has been an indication of unreliable airspeed , but we do n’t know how it is linked to other events , ” said Airbus spokesman Stefan Schaffrath .
“ What we know for sure is that data transmitted , including the unreliable airspeed , do not explain the accident of AF447 . ”
Louis Jobard , the president of one of the Air France pilots unions , said the loss of the airspeed data “ does n’t justify an accident . ”
Nonetheless , the union obtained a pledge from Air France that it would immediately replace at least two of the three pitot tubes on each of the airline ’s jets .
When the pitot tubes failed , Flight 447 ’s autopilot disengaged , forcing the crew to fly the plane “ by hand . ”
Pilots would need to keep the wings and nose of the plane at their proper attitude and maintain proper lift , tasks made difficult if airspeed is uncertain and turbulence is buffeting the plane .
“ One of the toughest things for a pilot to do if you have multiple emergencies is trying to determine which is the most critical one .
That is the one you deal with first , ” said Amos Kardos , a veteran U.S. commercial pilot .
“ It is tough to stay on top of it if there is a multiple failure scenario . ”
Kardos and others say flying a plane manually should not be difficult in normal circumstances , but Air France 447 was apparently in a tough fix .
After the autopilot disengaged , at least two other systems went off line .
The system of laser gyroscopes that provides crucial information about the pitch and roll of the plane failed , meaning that the pilots may have lost their primary electronic image of the horizon .
“ Not only did they lose their speed readings , but they may have lost their artificial horizon , ” Pollard said .
“ And I can tell you that you might as well give up .
In the day , it ’s fine , when you have the horizon in front of you . ”
The Airbus A - 330 , like most modern jets , has a backup system that would have provided the information .
Whether it was available or also compromised is unknown .
After the laser gyroscope system failed , at least two additional problems materialized .
The stabilization system for the rear control surfaces went off line .
As that system failed , the plane ’s computers automatically reduced the pilots ’ ability to move the plane ’s control surfaces -- technically known as going to “ alternate flight law . ”
Ditchey said alternate flight law is meant to protect the plane by reducing the ability of pilots to make a mistake , but ultimately it also may limit the ability of pilots to save the plane .
The flight laws that Airbus programs into its computer embrace a fundamentally different approach to flying than those used by Boeing , which gives humans far greater authority to fly the plane , according to a wide range of pilots interviewed by The Times .
“ Airbus is a little more autonomous , ” Kardos said .
“ Airplanes are designed sometimes by engineers for engineers . ”
One critical piece of the accident puzzle involves whether the flight control system also had some role in causing the plane to break apart before it actually hit the water .
The vertical stabilizer , or tail , was recovered intact , similar to how the tail of an American Airlines A-300 that crashed in New York in 2001 was found .
The concern is that the flight control system may have applied excessive aerodynamic forces on the tail assembly , ripping it off the plane .
That is essentially what occurred in the earlier accident .
“ It does n’t surprise me that the plane might have broken up before hitting the water , said Vincent Fave , a former investigator with the French agency that studies air disasters .
“ I thought that before seeing the photos , because if we were in a scenario of having control difficulties in very high altitude , there ’s little chance of arriving to the water whole . ”
The Capitol ’s usual political alliances are being tested by the state ’s severe financial problems as interest groups scramble to hold onto as much as possible of the state ’s shrinking coffers .
The relationship between Democratic leaders and some of their labor benefactors has turned particularly frosty :
Many of the programs union members rely on for paychecks -- and the unions rely on for dues -- have been slated for deep cuts .
For example , there are pledge forms being passed around to lawmakers by a major labor union that might have attracted takers in budget battles past .
The union , the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees , wants the legislators to sign statements of support for up to $ 44 billion in new or higher taxes on the wealthy , oil companies , tobacco and other industries , products and people .
But so far the drive has n’t produced a single signed form , even from the Democrats who normally march into California ’s budget fights in lock - step with organized labor .
Advertisement
The friction started when the Democrat - dominated Legislature produced a budget in February that raised taxes but also cut programs and included a GOP - driven plan to put the brakes on state spending .
A handful of labor groups then spent millions to help defeat the May ballot measures that the budget spawned .
“ Many public employee unions , teacher unions [ are ] thinking that they were thrown under the bus in the last budget , ” said Assemblyman Charles Calderon ( D - Montebello ) .
“ So now they ’re asking themselves :
If these Democrats are not going to stand up for us , then what good is it to have them there ? ”
The union leaders say they are appalled that Democratic leaders are talking openly now about decimating government programs without first making a stand for bigger , broader tax hikes that could substantially offset budget cuts .
“ Democrats came to Sacramento to help people , ” said Marty Hittleman , president of the California Federation of Teachers .
“ I know they did not go there to destroy government .
For some reason , they are unwilling to stand up and say ‘ This is not what I was elected for . ’ ”
Advertisement
But even some of the most liberal Democrats say some union leaders are ignoring the reality of an angry public , a sour economy and a state government approaching insolvency .
Moreover , more taxes would require Republican support in the Legislature , and the minority party has made clear that there will be none .
“ We have an economy which is in intensive care , and another round of tax increases . . . would put that patient in cardiac arrest , ” said Assembly GOP leader Sam Blakeslee of San Luis Obispo .
The Democratic leadership has largely accepted the governor ’s framing of the budget crisis as one requiring deep cuts , quickly .
Any taxes they may push for are expected to be limited .
“ Of course there are going to be cuts , ” said Senate leader Darrell Steinberg ( D - Sacramento ) .
“ This is the worst drop in revenue since the 1930s .
We ’re going to try to be as surgical as we can in making very difficult decisions , but we will make the decisions . ”
Advertisement
Sen. Gloria Romero ( D - Los Angeles ) , a veteran lawmaker and former caucus leader , said , “ When someone tells us ‘ No new cuts , ’ I say , ‘ Look , do n’t tell me that .’. . . .
There is the sense that we must do what we must do to keep California solvent . ”
When the Democrats struck their deal with the governor and Republicans to raise some taxes temporarily , they also agreed to put on the ballot the measure to restrain state spending and proposals to borrow billions and divert money away from social services .
The Democrats had just pushed through the first substantial state tax increase in 18 years , and the influential California Teachers Assn. sided with them , spending millions to support two of the ballot measures .
But a quartet of labor heavyweights -- the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees , the teachers federation , the California Faculty Assn. and the state council of the Service Employees International Union -- complained that the Democrats had given away the store .
The four launched campaigns against parts of the ballot package , putting about $ 3.5 million into the fight against the spending cap that was the linchpin of the proposals .
The measures failed , expanding the state ’s deficit by $ 6 billion .
Advertisement
After the election , the relationship between the Democratic leaders and labor deteriorated further .
The unions released an analysis of public opinion polls they conducted , concluding : “ Voters are frustrated and dismayed at the leadership void in California and clearly want legislators to do their job . ”
Nothing in the election results , union leaders said , suggested that Californians preferred deep cuts in programs to an increase in taxes .
“ That is not what the voters said , and it is not the approach that the Democratic leadership should take , ” said Willie Pelote , political director of the public employees federation .
Some rank - and - file Democrats are pressing , alongside the unions , for higher taxes .
So far , they have been rebuffed .
Advertisement
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s latest proposed budget revisions include the phasing out of Cal Grants , the financial aid the state gives to low - income students of the faculty association and teacher federation members .
And state - paid home healthcare services , whose 300,000 workers are largely members of SEIU and the public employees federation , stand to be slashed .
Some accuse the governor of seizing on the rift between Democrats and labor as he tries to dismantle parts of the state ’s social safety net .
Schwarzenegger says he is willing to look at any alternatives that will balance the budget -- except more taxes .
Democrats are working on their own proposal , for release later this month , to close the projected $ 24 - billion deficit .
Although their cuts are not expected to be as deep as those Schwarzenegger wants , there are certain to be serious reductions in the programs most important to unions .
“ There is a tremendous amount of pain ahead for labor and everyone else , ” said Larry Gerston , a professor of political science at San Jose State University .
“ We ’ve got all these groups fighting over increasingly scarce resources . ”
Advertisement
The next step for unions could be going directly to voters .
One labor - backed group , the California Tax Reform Assn. , has prepared a possible ballot measure to repeal the three corporate tax cuts Democrats agreed to in the last year to get GOP support for the budget .
“ It ’s ready to go , ” said Lenny Goldberg , the group ’s executive director .
--
shane.goldmacher@latimes.com
Advertisement
evan.halper@latimes.com
Lots to do for both kids and adults
As well as the lovely beaches ( yes , there are beaches in Denmark ! )
1. Lots to do for both kids and adults
As well as the lovely beaches ( yes , there are beaches in Denmark ! ) there are several renowned attractions located around the country .
The obvious starting point is capital Copenhagen with its famous Little Mermaid stature , the Tivoli amusement gardens and the Copenhagen Zoo , one of the oldest in Europe .
Kids will love Legoland , probably Denmark ’s most famous export and when it ’s hot , cool off at Faarup Sommerland , Denmark ’s biggest water park .
Art lovers will enjoy the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art and its display of art from Giacometti , Picasso and Warhol as well as many Danish artists .
2. Adventure Activities
Denmark is surrounded by water so water sports are a big part of life .
The two largest Danish islands Zealand and Fyn are ideal for windsurfing , parasailing , jet skiing , swimming , fishing and other outdoor activities .
3. Delicious Danish Cuisine
Denmark is famed for its bacon but it ’s also known for other smoked meats which are a Danish delicacy .
Those with a sweet tooth will already be familiar with the Danish pastry , ( often just called a " Danish " ) , which has become a signature of Denmark .
4. Pleasant Climate
Summers in Denmark are pleasantly warm , with temperatures averaging 21 C but often rising to the upper 20s during July and August – warm enough for you to want to cool off by taking a plunge into one of Copenhagen ’s city swimming beaches .
5 . The Fairytale Experience
The Danes are a nation of royalists and you ’ll find enchanting castles and palaces dotted all around the county .
Denmark ’s enchanting landscape inspired the Danish writer Hans Christian Andersen , author of The Snow Queen and The Ugly Duckling .
You can step right into the fairy tale by visiting haunted Dragsholm Castle – but beware you might bump into one of its hundred ghosts .
6 . It ’s easy to get around
Denmark is the smallest Scandinavian country so nothing is ever too far away .
Take in the beautiful scenery by exploring the country by car , on foot or if you stay in Copenhagen , consider renting a bike .
Copenhagen is one of the most bike - friendly capitals and famous for its cycle chic .
Travel to Denmark
Flying to Denmark is extremely convenient and easy no matter where you are coming from .
Denmark has 91 airports with thousands of visitors coming in from all over the world every day .
Find cheap flights to Copenhagen
__ __Denmark.net is a Denmark travel and information portal with daily news and useful tips on Denmark ’s attractions .
Currently , Denmark .net is running a blogger competition to win a trip to Copenhagen .
Return One way Multi-city From Add nearby airports To Add nearby airports Cabin Class & Travellers 1 adult , Economy Direct flights only Search flights Map
The injuries included burns to legs , arms and faces
Thirty people were treated for injuries in Hong Kong after they were splashed by a corrosive liquid .
Two bottles of what is thought to be acid were either thrown or fell from a building into crowds of shoppers in the Mong Kok district .
Those who received medical help - 14 women and 16 men - suffered burns to the legs , arms and faces .
Police are linking it to an incident in December when 46 people were hit by acid on the same street .
No -one has been arrested in connection with either incident .
Reward offered
Police say whoever is responsible faces a possible charge of intent to cause grievous bodily harm , which can lead to life in prison .
After the December incident , police offered a reward of $ 12,900 ( £ 8,000 ) for information leading to an arrest .
" We will find out whether the two cases were done by the same person as soon as possible , " said Superintendant Leung Ka-ming .
Firefighters helped those affected clean the liquid from their arms and legs before sending them to hospital .
Samples of the fluid are being tested in a laboratory to determine exactly what it is .
« Open Thread | Main |
Our dependency on our technical infrastructure » The Media Notices The Hysteria
by Deacon Blues
The mainstream media is noticing the " Obama Derangement Syndrome " in full display amongst the right wing punditocracy and what 's left of the GOP .
Maybe it is the approach of Obama 's 100 - day milestone , the crowded agenda of domestic and international issues or the fact that the president is no longer a White House newbie .
But the recent high level of hysteria from conservative pundits - which has been dubbed the " Obama Derangement Syndrome " by the leftist blogosphere - underscores a crucial marker that might say as much about Obama 's critics as it does about Obama himself .
Jack Glaser , associate professor of the Goldman School of Public Policy at UC Berkeley , says the use of such hyper - heated language from the right so early into the Obama administration " seems pretty clearly to be an act of desperation . "
" They ca n't get any thing to stick to him , " he said , citing a New York Times poll this week that showed that two - thirds of Americans approve of Obama 's job performance in office , while a record low of 31 percent said they have a favorable view of the Republican Party .
Tangentially , I believe this White House feels they have a wide degree of latitude even among their assumed supporters amongst us in the center - left because of these high poll numbers , even when they do odious things like support Bush 's domestic spying illegalities .
Critics are " grabbing on to whatever they can , " Glaser observed , a tactic that is sometimes head - spinning .
During the 2008 election , Obama was accused by many of these same voices of being socialist and " he was n't patriotic enough , " Glaser notes .
" And now , he 's fascist . "
As Jon Stewart said so well earlier this week on " The Daily Show " , what 's really going on here is that the GOP can't stand being on the outside looking in for the first time in a generation , and they are coming unhinged .
But what 's really sad about all of this is that this country needs a real debate about solutions , and needs to hear something from the conservatives other than " no , because he 's a fascist . "
Now is the time for good ideas from all corners , and the GOP has taken itself off the playing field .
Deacon Blues :: 6:35 AM :: :: 6:35 AM :: Comments ( 14 ) :: Digg It !
A highly critical analysis of the US - led coalition 's counterinsurgency in Iraq and Afghanistan has raised serious questions about combat operations in both countries - and the intelligence underpinning them .
The confidential document presents a bleak picture of a counterinsurgency effort undermined by intelligence failures that at times border on the absurd .
Based on scores of interviews with British , US , Canadian and Dutch military , intelligence and diplomatic officials - and marked for " official use only " - the book - length report is damning of a US military often unwilling to share intelligence among its military allies .
It depicts commanders in the field being overwhelmed by information on hundreds of contradictory databases , and sometimes resistant to intelligence generated by its own agents in the CIA .
Counterinsurgency efforts are also shown as being at the mercy of local contacts peddling identical " junk " tips around various intelligence officials , with the effectiveness of the intelligence effort being quantified by some senior officers solely in terms of the amount of " tip money " disbursed to sources .
The report describes a rigid reliance on economic , military and political progress indicators regarded by the authors and interviewees as too often lacking in real meaning .
Its sources complain of commanders who have slipped into relying on " the fallacy of body counts " , discredited after the war in Vietnam as a measure of success .
The report , prepared by the RAND national defence research institute for US Joint Forces Command in November and leaked to the Wikileaks website , reveals the case of Dutch F - 16 pilots in Afghanistan who were ordered by the US to bomb targets , only to be refused access to American " battle damage assessments " showing what they had hit , on the grounds that the Dutch were not " security cleared " to view them .
Another interviewee describes how coalition forces at Camp Holland near Tarin Kowt in southern Afghanistan maintained 13 different intelligence sections , including US , Dutch , UAE , and Australian , all operating with minimal co-operation .
" It would have been helpful [ for us to have ] combined them ; then we would have known everything , " complained Lt Neils Verhoef , one of those interviewed for the report .
" One section knew the location of an IED [ improvised explosive device ] factory , and we drove by it for three months . "
The unflattering document will make grim reading for President Barack Obama as he grapples with the worsening crisis in Afghanistan , confronted by an increasingly emboldened Taliban and its allies .
With counterinsurgency tactics now placed at the centre of the operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , the RAND report suggests that many of the national armed forces involved lack skills to operate effectively .
It calls for a substantial overhaul of how military intelligence is gathered , organised and acted on .
Quoting senior officers , it questions many everyday operations - from weapons searches to the killing or arrest of wanted individuals - suggesting that they " alienate " the local population for little measurable gain .
Lieutenant General Sir John Kiszely , former the senior British military representative in Iraq , said : " There were some operations taking place in Iraq where the success of the operation ... was judged solely against whether tactical success had been achieved ; tactical success in terms of attrition of enemy forces , numbers killed or captured , numbers of weapons seized , amounts of explosives captured , extent of area controlled .
By these criteria ... a given operation would be judged a success , regardless of the fact that it had seriously alienated the local population , and the fact that , within a few months , other insurgents had re-infiltrated and regained control . "
An anonymous source quoted in the report stated that " operational commanders " continued to " indulge in the fallacy of body counts , and a month in which more Taliban are killed than in the previous month " was seen as progress .
He added : " This is actually more likely to reflect the fact that there are more enemy on the battlefield than there were before . "
Despite the huge emphasis on counterinsurgency tactics in Iraq and Afghanistan in the last two years , the report 's authors , Russell Glenn and Jamie Gayton , find it necessary to remind military readers of the importance of the civilian population in their efforts , not least in protecting civilians " against attack by both the enemy and your own forces " .
" Those interviewed in support of this research , " they wrote , " noted with no little frustration that coalition forces themselves too frequently neglect to treat local community members properly . "
Perhaps most damning of all , however , is the suggestion from several of those interviewed that often they felt that an overall strategy for what they were supposed to be doing was entirely lacking .
One of those interviewed was Brigadier General Theo Vleugels , who described his 2006 command experience in southern Afghanistan in terms worthy of a passage from Joseph Heller 's Catch 22 .
" We did n't have a campaign plan when we started , but we later got one from my higher headquarters that was close to ours , which is not surprising as they told us to do what we told them we would do . "
RAND declined a request for an an interview with the authors .
MINNEAPOLIS , April 13 ( Reuters ) - A Minnesota court panel ruled on Monday that Democrat Al Franken beat Republican incumbent Norm Coleman in the long - fought contest for a U.S. Senate seat and said the comic turned politician should be certified as the winner .
The contest , however , is far from over .
Coleman has already said he would appeal the widely anticipated ruling to the Minnesota Supreme Court and possibly to federal courts .
It may be months before the U.S. Senate knows if Democrats will control a crucial 59th seat in the body , strengthening their chances of putting together a controlling 60 - vote bloc to cut off debate .
“ I am honored and humbled by this close victory , and I ’m looking forward to getting to work as soon as possible , ” said Franken .
The ruling from a three - judge panel of state court judges who examined absentee votes in question said Franken had won and should be certified .
The panel concluded its work last week after finding Franken had a 312 - vote lead .
But Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty has said he would not certify a state winner until all legal challenges are exhausted .
Some experts have said it could be the end of this summer before the issue is resolved .
Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey , chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , said “ a thorough election contest upheld the result of a meticulous recount .
“ Al Franken won the election , Al Franken won the recount , Al Franken won the contest , and now Al Franken should be allowed to get to work for the people of Minnesota . ”
Coleman , seeking a second term , held a razor - thin lead after the Nov. 4 election over Franken , a well known satirist and former writer and actor for the popular Saturday Night Live television show .
But a recount of the 2.4 million votes cast gave Franken a 225 - vote lead .
That result was challenged in court by Coleman and hundreds of previously rejected absentee ballots were added to the tally , resulting in Monday ’s decision .
( Reporting by Todd Melby in Minneapolis and Michael Conlon in Chicago ; editing by Todd Eastham )
“ It ’ll be almost like a collage .
In the way one of his records captures different rhythms and moods , this will have collective scenes and moments that form the overall story as opposed to a conventional timeline .
It ’s about capturing moments as opposed to trying to tell the entire story in too little time . ”
will direct and produce a film about the life of famed singer .
Oscar - nominated screenwriter ( Field of Dreams , Sneakers ) is writing the screenplay based off the life of the late singer and actor for Universal Pictures and Mandalay Pictures .
Sinatra was born in Hoboken , N.J. , and raised during the Depression ; he built a singing career that weathered many changes in popular culture , all the while racking up 31 gold records and countless other honors .
He also had a successful career as an actor , earning an Oscar for 1953 ’s From Here to Eternity .
His personal life was just as eventful .
He suffered from depression , was alleged to have connections to organized crime and was married four times ; two of his wives wereand .
He passed away 1998 .
The music rights have been secured and the Sinatra family has given its permission , which is not an easy get .
Frank ’s youngest daughterwill be an executive producer , which would lead many to believe that the film would probably be on the less controversial side .
However , Tina has told journalists in the past that she would “ trust Scorsese implicitly ” to “ present the truth ” about her father .
andare producing the film .
Speaking of research , Robinson had amassed 30,000 pages of it for “ Sinatra , ” according to Schulman .
And distilling it into a feature film has led the creative team to shun a traditional , linear storytelling approach in favor of a more unconventional one .
Schulman also said : Although no actor is attached to star in the film , Schulman saidis an obvious candidate because he has become Scorsese ’s go - to actor over the past decade , having starred in the director ’s past four features : “ Gangs of New York ” , “ The Aviator ” , “ The Departed ” and the upcoming “ Shutter Island ” .
No production schedule was given at this time .
French Socialist Party considers alliances to the left and to the right
By Kumaran Ira and Alex Lantier
29 May 2009
The poor performance of the Socialist Party ( PS ) , France 's main bourgeois left party , in the European election campaign is provoking widespread concern in the French political and media establishment .
Stunned by the PS ' inability to benefit from the economic crisis and outpoll the conservative UMP ( Union for a Popular Majority ) of unpopular President Nicolas Sarkozy , journalists and politicians are floating various proposals to the PS on how it can ally with other parties to form a potentially victorious electoral coalition .
The slump in the PS ’s electoral base is the result of the broad masses ’ alienation from it .
The alliance of the PS and the Communist Party ( PCF ) from 1971 led to the election of PS President François Mitterrand and a PS - PCF government in 1981 which soon betrayed the expectations of the working class .
It implemented austerity policies from 1982 and , in and out of government , continued to foist these on the workers .
The five years of the PS Prime Minister Lionel Jospin ’s Plural Left ( PS , PCF , Greens ) government ( 1997 - 2002 ) and its pro-capitalist policies so alienated the working class that Jospin was relegated to third place in the presidential elections of 2002 , out - polled by the neo - fascist Jean - Marie Le Pen .
This lack of an electorally viable alternative troubles the French political establishment .
A wave of strikes and factory occupations testify to rising popular anger with the economic crisis and the French government 's multi-billion - euro bank bailout .
However , it is difficult to see , with current electoral conditions and traditional political alliances , how a government could come to power in which the UMP did not play the dominant role .
The PS ' response has been to try to adapt itself to the bourgeois right .
Prominent journalists and PS politicians are calling for the PS to consider alliances with either the right - wing MoDem ( Democratic Movement ) of François Bayrou or a broader coalition of parties .
A centrist politician who has repeatedly held the position of Minister of Education in right - wing governments , Bayrou recently published a book bitterly denouncing Sarkozy and his policies , titled Abuse of power .
In Abuse of power , Bayrou criticizes Sarkozy 's reliance on the media , his “ ideology of money , “ the concentration of power in an “ egocracy ” consisting only of Sarkozy , and his disregard for legal rights and procedures .
This is couched in at times hysterical language , describing Sarkozy as a “ barbarian child ” guilty of “ rape ” against “ Republican France . ”
According to an April poll , if the 2012 presidential election were held today , Bayrou would receive 19.5 percent of the vote , versus 20 percent for Royal and 28 percent for Sarkozy .
The conservative daily Le Figaro wrote that he had stolen from the PS the title of “ number one opposition figure in France . ”
Polls show some two - thirds of PS sympathisers are in favor of a PS - MoDem alliance .
A PS - MoDem alliance proposal was first publicly broached this year in an April 16 interview with former PS secretary François Hollande that appeared in L’Express magazine .
He asked Bayrou “ to clarify his convergences and his divergences with the PS , and then to draw the necessary conclusions . ”
This proposal is not exactly new : it was highly controversial when made after the second round of the 2007 presidential elections by PS candidate Ségolène Royal .
However , the economic crisis and the PS ’s electoral difficulties have swung large sections of the PS behind the idea of an alliance with Bayrou .
On May 4 the PS mayor of Dijon , François Rebsamen — who , like PS First Secretary Martine Aubry , the mayor of Lille , won his municipal campaign thanks to a local MoDem alliance — said , “ Many Socialists have allied with the MoDem , based on their political projects .
The same will happen the next time with the [ 2010 ] regional elections , before the first round or at the second round .
We will therefore have to begin discussion with François Bayrou after the European elections ....
If convergences are confirmed , we will have to elaborate a real contract for entering into government . ”
Though somewhat less enthusiastic , ex - PS Prime Minister Laurent Fabius left the door open to an alliance with Bayrou .
Asked if he thought Bayrou could eventually become an ally of the PS , he answered , “ Every military man starts out as a civilian . ”
In his May 4 editorial in Le Figaro , Paul - Henri du Limbert praised Bayrou as a possible future leader of the PS , comparing him to the PS ’s François Mitterrand .
Mitterrand , who was president of France from 1981 to 1995 , also began as a man of the right : active in right - wing Catholic youth groups in the 1930s , he served in the collaborationist Vichy régime during the war .
One should add that he was minister of the interior and then justice minister in the Fourth Republic ( 1946 - 1958 ) , during the Algerian war .
In these posts he participated in French imperialism ’s bloody repression of the Algerian people ’s national liberation struggle .
He ultimately became leader of the PS in 1971 .
In a not - so - subtle reference to Sarkozy 's immigrant background , Limbert wrote , “ One would only need to put a hat on Bayrou 's head to see the resemblance [ to Mitterrand ] .
The one was from the Charentes [ region ] , the other from Béarn .
Both are French down to their fingertips , and treasure this ‘ dear land of my childhood , ’ as Mitterrand called France . ”
The daily Libération 's lead political editorialist , Laurent Joffrin , also supported the Bayrou - PS alliance in his May 4 editorial , titled “ How to beat Nicolas Sarkozy ? ”
He noted that the “ Union of the Left ” alliance between the PS and the French Communist Party ( PCF ) no longer can provide a reliable majority : “ The Union of the Left , then the Plural Left [ in 1997 - 2002 , a PS - PCF - Green alliance ] was above all a PCF - PS alliance .
But now there is no more PCF , and the PS is weaker — where does one find a majority ?
The Last of the Mohicans at [ PCF headquarters on ] Colonel - Fabien Square only gather 2 percent of the vote under their moth - eaten banner . ”
He therefore called for a broad alliance — a “ grand post - Sarkozy coalition , gathered not through an amalgamation of bureaucracies , but by a platform of rupture with free - market ideology , ecological forces , old - school socialists like Jean - Luc Mélenchon , the PS , the partisans of François Bayrou , and even social and Republican Gaullists tempted by [ conservative ex- Prime Minister ] Dominique de Villepin . ”
Gauche Avenir ( Left Future ) — a club of PS members including former Defense Minister Paul Quilès , European Deputy Marie - Noëlle Lienemann , and PS spokesman Benoît Hamon — is proposing an alliance of the PS with parties on its left , calling it a “ New Popular Front . ”
This refers to the 1936 - 1938 Popular Front government that included the Socialist Party and the bourgeois Radical Party and had the support of the PCF .
Following the victory of the Popular Front in the elections in May 1936 , the working class launched a wave of strikes , factory occupations that developed into a revolutionary general strike .
The revolutionary upsurge was ultimately betrayed by the Popular Front with the crucial support of the PCF .
From the standpoint of the bourgeoisie , the Popular Front ’s main significance was that it took revolutionary struggle off the agenda in France and Europe , leaving the masses in the fascist countries under the rule of dictators and paving the way to war .
In order to quell the general strike , however , the Popular Front government was obliged to grant significant social concessions to workers , which were revoked in the following years .
It is these concessions that Lienemann , Quilès , and Hamon have in mind , when they call for a “ New Popular Front . ”
This , however , is a fraud aimed at creating illusions that a coalition including the PS , PCF , the Left Party , and the NPA could implement progressive social reforms and shelter the population from the world economic crisis .
Such politicians never ask : what happened to the original Popular Front ?
It collapsed in 1938 amid bitter strikes and an ever harsher political climate that saw the outlawing of the PCF , the declaration of World War II , and the French bourgeoisie 's capitulation to the Nazis .
The French bourgeoisie was able to grant the Popular Front 's reforms again after the Nazi occupation only thanks to massive financial assistance from American capitalism through the Marshall Plan , and the post - war restabilisation of capitalism .
However , the present global economic crisis signifies precisely the final breakdown of what was left of these historic conditions .
The political role of a “ New Popular Front ” in France today would be broadly similar to that of the Italian 2006 - 2008 “ l ' Unione ” government , which regrouped the Democratic party of Romano Prodi , Rifondazione Comunista , and a number of smaller petty - bourgeois protest and Christian - democratic parties : namely , social austerity and support for war .
The main difference is that the “ New Popular Front ” would base its policies on economic foundations devastated by the outbreak of the global crisis .
There is , one might add , another modern precedent for such an alliance .
In the French presidential election in 2002 , when Jacques Chirac and neo-fascist Jean - Marie Le Pen advanced to the second round , none of the left parties called for a boycott .
Instead , the PS , the PCF , the Greens , and the LCR ( the forerunner of today 's New Anti-Capitalist Party ) all united to call for a Chirac vote .
As a result , Chirac was elected with overwhelming electoral support , which he used to pass a number of social cuts before growing popular opposition limited his freedom of political maneuver .
In a report published in the PCF - affiliated Humanité newspaper .
jointly signed by Marie - Noëlle Lienemann and Paul Quilès , the two advocate a New Popular Front based on a “ global agreement respecting everyone , ” involving “ the immediate organization of a ‘ convergence of the lefts , ’ ( political , trade union , associations , and popular organisations ) to make the government step back , impose fairer measures , and present a different logic from that of N. Sarkozy . ”
Calling such a Popular Front the “ only serious path to organizing the victory of the left in 2012 , ” they propose the formation after the European elections of a committee for a New Popular Front .
This committee would define a political program allowing “ a single candidate of the left in the presidential election , and a legislative accord guaranteeing the representation of the diverse components ” of the coalition .
Ségolène Royal has emerged as a prominent supporter of pursuing both an alliance with Bayrou and more “ left ” alliances simultaneously .
On May 12 , she participated in a symposium on “ the future of the Left in Europe , ” organized by Spanish daily El País and the Greek daily To Vima .
She shared the platform with prominent right - wing exponents of European Social Democracy : The President of Pasok ( the Socialist Party of Greece ) George Papandreou , former Italian Prime Minister Massimo D'Alema , and former Spanish Prime Minister Felipe González .
In her keynote address , Royal said , “ Everything should be going well for the European left .
The bankruptcy of Wall Street and the world financial crisis have condemned free - marketeerism and created space for demands the left has always defended : the need for the state , the demand for social protection , real financial regulation , the need to put finance at the service of the economy , and the economy at the service of human progress . ”
Royal added , “ We must also reconcile the left with the radicalism that is developing everywhere in Europe . ”
The record , however , is clear : the response of the PS and its media friends to the crisis has been to call for collaboration with figures from a wide variety of parties — ranging from the UMP to the PCF — united only by their record of implementing social austerity policies against the working class .
Cain And Abel Wifes
I am in college and my critical thinking teacher brought up the bible .
He ask if Adam and Eve were the only ones and they had Cain and Able then where did their wives come from ?
Could someone please help me answer this ?
Moderator - Their sisters .
Adam and Eve had more children than Cain and Abel .
By the time Cain and Abel were mentioned , there were other people living in the surrounding area .
Join Our Christian Dating and Take The Creationism Quiz
--- Donna7663 on 9/16/05
Helpful Blog Vote ( 24 )
Evolution by natural selection avoids all of these nasty and interminable debates .
None of you has any more authority to " read into " the bible than the other .
Perhaps god is smarter than all of us , already devising an elegant solution that does not rely on fantastical myths .
--- Brian on 6/16/09
The bible teaches us that God created Adam and Eve as the first man and woman .
It does not say that they were the ONLY people he created .
Of course the Lord populated the land as he did the sea and the air , with humans and animals , and told them to go forth and be fruitful and populate the earth .
Many things in the bible are ambiguous , seeking to understand the bible is part of our religion and faith in God , but who are we to know God 's mind ?
Faith is the key .
An amount of faith even as small as a mustard seed .
--- Connie on 6/16/09
Cain and Able were the FIRST .
It says so in the bible .
If you believe the bible you have to accept the planet was populated via incest .
--- Joshua on 6/16/09
" Even as the Lord commanded Moses , so did the daughters of Zelophehad .
For Mahlah , Tirzah , and Hoglah , and Milcah and Noah , the daughters of Zelophehad were married to their father 's brothers sons " Numbers 36:10,11
Every one of the 12 tribes had to intermarry with their own close relatives .
--- Gina7 on 4/4/09
Gina you seem to have a handle on the subject .
Something else to note about Noah .
Perfect in his Generations .
He had not mixed with the other peoples .
It was this line by implication that was flooded and wiped out .
All but , Noahs .
A new start for this people .
These are the generations of Noah .
Noah was a just man and perfect in his generations , and Noah walked with God .
Genesis 6:8-10 --- Trav on 4/7/09
Genesis .
Cain killed Abel .
The Bible does n't say that Abel had offspring .
5:4 says that Adam " begot sons and daughters " , If not referring to grandchildren , etc. , then Adam had at least - three sons and two daughters .
The two lines of men mentioned are through Cain , 4:17 and Seth , 5:6 . 6:2,4 says that the sons ( human ) of God had children with the ungodly daughters of men .
It was n't proper for the men to do so , ( 1Corinthians 7:15 , 2Corinthians 6:14 - 18 ) .
The probabilities are that one of them married a sister , and that his brother married a widowed sister , another sister , or a niece , grand niece , etc .
It 's improbable that God produced wives for them in the same way Eve was produced , 2:21 .
- Glenn --- Glenn on 4/6/09
gina - The Lord does not approve of incest .
The closer the relative is , the worse the sin .
Abraham married his half - sister , but God did not tell him to .
He married her before he knew God. --- Betty on 4/5/09
Incest is a vile sin in the sight of God .
Do you believe that ?
-- Betty 2/12/09
Marriage of sisters to brothers was not prohibited until Lev 18:11 .
This is why Abraham could marry his half sister , and even earlier , Cain could marry a close relative , possibly a sister .
But consider what is considered incest today .
Most consider it to include 1st cousins , but God does not .
Numbers 36 states :
" Even as the Lord commanded Moses , so did the daughters of Zelophehad .
For Mahlah , Tirzah , and Hoglah , and Milcah and Noah , the daughters of Zelophehad were married to their father 's brothers sons " Numbers 36:10,11
Every one of the 12 tribes had to intermarry with their own close relatives .
Father 's brothers sons = 1st cousins --- Gina7 on 4/4/09
MarkV : Twins ?
Hmmmm !
I can see how that conclusion might be drawn from what the Bible says on the matter .
On the other hand , it could be read as if there was an interval of time ( like months ) between Cain & Abel 's births .
Whether it was two distinctly seperate conceptions ( months apart ) producing two sons or one conception birthing twin sons , I do n't see it as a Bible altering issue ( bone of contention ) .
It certainly happened one way or the other . :) --- Leon on 3/3/09
Leon , you are presumptuous in that you showed scripture PROVING your idea ??
ALL scripture truth has ( 2 ) two or ( 3 ) three witnesses ... AKA : Other scripture to stand with that truth .
I showed you scripture that questions your presumptuous idea .
If you are stating fact , them my questions can be answered ... with scripture .
I have disproved your presumptuous idea with scripture .... and can with many more verses .
David said , I was altogether conceived in sin .
Was he saying his mother was a harlot ?
NO !
If there were ANY born to A & E before they sinned , THEY did not inherit DEATH as we do .
So , why do n't we hear or know more about these PERFECT creatures ?
Because they never existed is why !
--- kathr4453 on 3/2/09
Leon , I believe you are correct in your answers .
I see the same thing .
Another thing to consider is that since there 's no time element intervenes between 4 : vv. 1,2 , makes possible that Abel and Cain were twins .
Another thing to remember is that the curse came through Adam and to all his descendants .
No matter whether they were righteous or not they became mortal .
For no one is mentioned in Scripture to be immortal from Gen .
God made Adam our representitive so that everyone after him became mortal and a sinner by nature .
His soul and flesh were both fallen .
Both needing redemption .
--- MarkV. on 3/2/09
Kathr4453 : You asked me to show you where in Scripture & I did .
It does n't get any plainer than that . :)
God bless !
--- Leon on 2/28/09
Romans 5:12 -14
12 Wherefore , as by one man sin entered into the world , and death by sin , and so death passed upon all men , for that all have sinned :
13 ( For until the law sin was in the world : but sin is not imputed when there is no law .
14 Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses , even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam 's transgression , who is the figure of him that was to come .
So my question is , where in scripture is there any reference to anyone born BEFORE Adam 's transgression ?
--- kathr4453 on 2/28/09
A man need not partake in the sin of another to bear the fruit of its iniquity , if he allowed it somewhat :
1 Samuel 3:11 _14 : " And the LORD said to Samuel , Behold , I will do a thing in Israel , at which both the ears of every one that heareth it shall tingle .
In that day I will perform against Eli all things which I have spoken concerning his house : when I begin , I will also make an end .
For I have told him that I will judge his house for ever for the iniquity which he knoweth , because his sons made themselves vile , and he restrained them not .
And therefore I have sworn unto the house of Eli , that the iniquity of Eli's house shall not be purged with sacrifice nor offering for ever . "
--- Nana on 2/28/09
Thanks Shawn T. for your advice .
I did n't take what he said in that sense but after going back and reading it again I believe you are right again .
It just so happen it was me who answered .
I took it as a conversation between two brothers but the contend of what he wrote does not convey that .
Maybe he did n't mean for anyone to answer it but I did .
I am a sucker for the Word of God and believing in others .
Thank you again , peace brother --- MarkV. on 2/28/09
Donna :- As you can see
You missed the obvious - there must have been more siblings Girls
They are the producers .
Kathrn : - Adam was incharge and was standing there
He should have stopped EVE , or why else did he pass the buck when questioned By God .
--- MIC on 2/27/09
Kathr4453 : That 's a lot of eisegesis rationalizing you 've got going on there . :/
You seem reluctant to hear & let the Bible say what it says .
You 're trying real hard to make it a physical body thing in the Garden when it was primarily a spiritual matter .
Remember , Jesus did n't come just to heal the physical man but to save the spirit man 1st & foremost .
You , dear lady , asked me to show you where & I did . :)
But , you 've chosen to close your eyes ... & have gone off on blind speculations that can only be supported by what you think , not on what the Bible actually says .
Like so many people , you 're listening soley to your thoughts , not what Scripture actually says .
Please read Romans 5:12 - 21 .
God bless !
--- Leon on 2/28/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Personal Loans
The Bible makes no mention of Abel ever having a wife .
He was probably killed when he was young , perhaps a teenager .
--- Betty on 2/27/09
Leon
Eve first ate the forbidden fruit ... and she died right then .
Adam out of choice ate willing to die with Eve .
This too is a picture of Christ 's love for His bride when He took our sin and died for us .
ALL life born to them afterwards had IMPUTED sin .
In Adam 1 all die .
In Adam 2 ( Christ all who receive Him for the forgivness of sin will have HIS IMPUTED Righteousness .
Therefore if any children born in the garden born teh fall were PURE they did not automatically have imputed sin , because of both Adam & Eve .
If Adam chose to not eat .... he would not be accountable for eve 's sin .
They were BOTH Guilty .
--- kathr4453 on 2/27/09
Kathr4453 : I 'm glad you got a good laugh . :)
1. ) G.1:27 , " Be fruitful & multiple ... "
Did A & E obey
God here or were they celebate until after being put out of the Garden , however long that was ?
2 . ) G. 3:16 , " ... thy conception ... In sorrow you will birth children ... "
Would this have made sense to Eve if she had no prior KNOWledge / experience of having children ?
3 . ) G. 3:20 .
A called E , " ... THE MOTHER OF ALL LIVING before they were expelled from the Garden .
That strongly indicates children , does n't it ?
A ( not E , etc. ) was held accountable for EVERYONE .
Pre - fall children did n't have to eat to suffer the consequences of Adam 's sin .
Remember what happened to Achan & his family ( Joshua 7 ) ?
--- Leon on 2/26/09
Scripture hints C & A were n't the 1st born of A & E. A & E likely had pre-fall Garden children .
That accounts for the many " unamed " folk on the scene at the time . :)
--- Leon on 2/25/09
Loen , that is so funny .. Garden Children .
Anyway , you said scripture hints at this .
Can you show us where .
I see no where where it says Adam KNEW Eve , before he KNEW her and Cain was born .
I also wonder with that thought , if they had a fallen sin nature inherited from their parents if they were conceived before the fall ?
Would n't they be independent of Adam & Eve 's sin and not inheriting a fallen nature ?
--- kathr4453 on 2/25/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Auto Insurance
Donna7663 : We all know some people personally & others by name only .
Most of the 7 billion people in the world we do n't know at all .
" All the world is a stage .
And all the men and women merely players . "
Some are " named " , star players with big parts .
Others have bit or seemingly no significant part(s ) other than to briefly appear in background scenes & cross the stage of life .
Point : Cain & Abel ( C & A ) , wed their " unnamed " sisters .
It was n't incest until God stopped it much later in history .
Scripture hints C & A were n't the 1st born of A & E. A & E likely had pre-fall Garden children .
That accounts for the many " unamed " folk on the scene at the time . :)
--- Leon on 2/25/09
--- Pastor Herb
Pastor Herd ,
Why are you lead MarkV on a speculation hunt for rabbits ?
-*-*- MarkV :
MarkV ,
Did you read his post where he stated " Beware of chasseing rabbits while fishing for men !--- Pastor_Herb on 2/20/09 " ?
The Rabbits are speculations that have nothing to do with the edifying Word of God 's Gospel .
This conversation you 're undertaking with him is one that trying to speculate about things that are not within God 's Preordained Plain .
It appears that he 's only asking you these questions , in order to get you side tracked from giving him the gospel ( his words not mine ) or he 's probably playing a game to prove his point .
It 's either that or he does n't really believe in what he 's posting .
--- Shawn_M.T. on 2/25/09
Markv ,
Why did Adam and Eve not have any children till after Adam sinned ?
What if Adams children ate the fruit but not Adam and Eve , what then ?
Would Adam still be alive today while the rest of the world died in sin ?
--- Pastor_Herb on 2/24/09
I am sure there are people who waste your time asking irrelevant questions .
I felt that was so recently and asked one of my own .
If I answer your questions will you admit that you are a sinner who needs Jesus ' forgiveness ?
He said no .
I said goodbye .
Nonetheless
I have met many who had valid questions about Scripture and have seen many of these go on to become Christian .
I have found that most Christians , including pastors wo n't or can't answer many peoples questions .
This tells the questioner that Christianity does n't have the answers so can't be true .
Who would want to make the sacrifices necessary to be Christian if it is n't absolutely true ?
Not me .
--- Warwick on 2/24/09
Shop For Church Audio Video
Or they will ask that question while you are witnessing to them in order to get you side tracked and not give them the gospel .
---Pastor_Herb on 2/20/09
It is answers like the above that caused me more questions ... especially about authority vested in evading , pastors , priest and reverends that had no answers .
My GOD answered my questions .... pastor .
Realize this is more salt than grace , but you should really step back and take a look the other direction towards your title .
The sheep are being fooled at a compounded rate .
Let your speech be always with grace , seasoned with salt , that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man .
Colossians 4:5-7 --- Trav on 2/22/09
Rev .
Herb , good questions , I would like to take a snap at them , First , even if the child had not sinned , the child would still die .
Because God , " Cursed the ground for all descendant 's of Adam .
By that sin all mankind became mortal . "
The child would still be a descendant of Adam .
Now would it be fair to include the child in the sin ?
I guess we could ask the same question , why are all curse after Adam since we were not responsible for his sin ?
God made him our representitive and God is always right .
Second , " if Adam had not sinned there would have been no fall . "
Adam was not deceived , but the woman being deceived was in the transgression .
Adam turned his back on the voice of God , to follow his wife .
--- MarkV. on 2/21/09
Ask your teacher what if Adam and Eve had one child before they had sinned , would that child be alive today ?
What would have happened if Adam did not eat the fruit and eve did ?
Would there children be affected by sin ?
--- Pastor_Herb on 2/20/09
I find that most people who ask that question are not critical thinkers but people who do n't know enough about the bible to ask the really tough questions .
Or they will ask that question while you are witnessing to them in order to get you side tracked and not give them the gospel .
Beware of chasseing rabbits while fishing for men !
--- Pastor_Herb on 2/20/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Holidays
The Bible does n't say Cain , Abel and Seth were the only children Adam and Eve had , they 're just the only ones mentioned by name .
That would be like saying there are only 3 angels because we only know 3 of their names .
There was no law against marrying a sibling until much later .
Gen. 1:1 says " In the beginning ... " and on the sixth day , man was created .
In chapter 2 we find out God named him Adam .
The Bible says sin came into the world thru one man , Adam .
To say there were people before Adam would be saying they remained sinless , and any children they had also remained sinless , yet the Bible makes no mention of this .
--- Laurie on 2/20/09
eloy - Good for you .
Unstung , I shall go about my business now and leave you to yours .
--- Betty on 2/16/09
Trav wants to also tell us that Aztec Indians have no soul .
Do you know how horrible that teaching is and where it stems from .
---kathr4453 on 2/15/09
False witness , unauthorized teachers , teaching false doctrine , denying the prophets message , will certainly have it 's special reward , we can be sure kat .
But I have a few things against thee , because thou hast there them that hold the doctrine of Balaam , who taught Balac to cast a stumblingblock before the children of Israel , to eat things sacrificed unto idols , and to commit fornication .
Revelation 2:13 -15 --- Trav on 2/16/09
believe , God made Adam and Eve 1st ... not only .
I believe He put people in other parts of the world .
That is my belief .
This is how I have explained it to my children .
Guess we 'll find out when we get to Heaven !
Audrey
--- audry on 2/13/09
Audry , the real issue with that is original sin .
It says in Adam ALL die .
We were born into a lost humanity .
Did Jesus die for the others ?
Maybe you 're not aware of this , but many perverted teachings today that black people have no soul .
Trav wants to also tell us that Aztec Indians have no soul .
Do you know how horrible that teaching is and where it stems from .
--- kathr4453 on 2/15/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Health Insurance
. betty , I was not replying to you , you are mistaking my personal reply which I am addressing to the poster here named Donna , and not you .
And if you read my reply to Donna , then you should note in it that I have also already stated where Cain and Abel 's wives have come from .
--- Eloy on 2/14/09
Betty :
The reason I mentioned Noah is that the Flood destroyed ALL humans EXCEPT those on the Ark .
The only people on the Ark were Noah , his sons , and their wives .
So , any children born after that point were NECESSARILY descended from Noah , regardless of any humans that were alive before the Flood .
Trav :
Yes , if the flood were indeed local rather than global , all such reasoning would go out the window .
I have n't studied whether or not there are explicit references to Noah being the " father of all living " or similar , so I can't currently speak to this matter .
--- StrongAxe on 2/13/09
I believe , God made Adam and Eve 1st ... not only .
I believe He put people in other parts of the world .
That is my belief .
This is how I have explained it to my children .
Guess we 'll find out when we get to Heaven !
Audrey --- audry on 2/13/09
Strongaxe -
Yes , I want to open that can of worms .
You can have the worms and the can too .
Faint - not .
Look , I 'm not finding fault with you but this is a serious matter .
The Lord knows once upon a time Eve went out and found men .
Guess why .
Lord help you , you noticed that Eve was the mother of all living , right ?
Why then did you say all since the flood came from Noah ?
The Name of the Lord is sanctified .
Perhaps you did not notice that Eve is not the mother of all living .
God made man and woman .
Did
He say how many ?
Many years ago God created people for a reason - why was it ?
--- Betty on 2/13/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Christian Dating
Manny -
If you know that much , you are doing well .
Where does it say they were all one nation and one color ?
--- Betty on 2/13/09
Eloy -
When did I say I got anything from a teacher of any kind ?
Never .
I said I got it from the Bible .
Love the Lord , eloy and be good .
Why do n't you pray to God and find out where in the Bible you can find out who Abel married .
--- Betty on 2/13/09
Kathr - Just because God blessed Abraham does not mean that God approved of everything Abraham had done in his life .
It just so happens that God meant to find a man to be the start of a line that would bring forth the Savior , Jesus Christ .
He made do with the material he had to work with .
--- Betty on 2/13/09
What they forget is that , no matter what happened then , it all got wiped out by the flood .
ALL humans ( of all races ) after the flood were descended from Noah , who was descended from Adam .
--- StrongAxe on 2/12/09
The majority does not take into consideration the original word used for " earth " .
Erets , this word in their time meant land or country .
In their limited knowledge and limits of travel .... it would be the whole land or country .
Their world as they knew it .
There was NO Global flood .
All men did not spring from Noah .
Other civilizations left writings in stone through the Noah timeline .
--- Trav on 2/13/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Health Treatments
As Latin was , it still did not make of all men one race .
--- Nana on 2/13/09
Your teacher is not very learned if he does not know that Cain and Able 's wives came from God , just as all creation comes from the Creator .
And your critical thinking teacher went to college himself ?
How sad when teacher 's do not know where all humans ' and all life comes from , very sad indeed .
For truly if the blind lead the blind , then both will fall into the ditch .
--- Eloy on 2/13/09
Betty >> " how do you explain the different races . . "
Let me throw back the question to you .
When did the different races of men began ?
Do you not know the story of the " tower of babel " ?
Betty , please read chapter 11 of Genesis .
( v.1 ) " And the whole earth was of ONE LANGUAGE , and of ONE SPEECH . " -- keep in mind , this story happened way after the creation of Adam .. even way after the story of Noah .
The bible says , that ( at that time ) the WHOLE earth was of one language , one speech -- implying that they were of one nation .. one race .
It was only after God saw them ( as they were building the tower ) , that He confounded their language and scattered them upon the face of all the earth . ( v.7-9 ) --- manny on 2/12/09
Betty :
The Wise Men followed the Star of Bethlehem .
Genesis 3:20 says
Eve is the mother of ALL living .
If Cain 's wife is not descended from Adam , then Eve must have slept with somebody other than Adam .
Do you really want to open that can of worms ?
People often talk about different races before , during , and / or after the time of Adam and Eve ( for example , either Cain married a woman from a different tribe not decended from Adam , or Cain 's mark was dark skin , etc. ) .
What they forget is that , no matter what happened then , it all got wiped out by the flood .
ALL humans ( of all races ) after the flood were descended from Noah , who was descended from Adam .
--- StrongAxe on 2/12/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Affiliate Program
Continue please ...
This marriage was APPROVED by God !
Genesis 20:11 -13
11 And Abraham said , Because I thought , Surely the fear of God is not in this place , and they will slay me for my wife 's sake .
12 And yet indeed she is my sister , she is the daughter of my father , but not the daughter of my mother , and she became my wife .
--- kathr4453 on 2/12/09
Kathr - Issac married a kinsman , but not a near one .
Jacob married a woman who was not kin to him , and neither were the others .
( Jacob was supposed to have stopped at one . )
Abraham married Sarah before he repented and found the one real God .
She was his half - sister .
--- Betty on 2/12/09
Most of the time they were commanded by the fathers to take a wife for their son of their family .
Issac 's wife was his cousin , Jacob 's wife also and so on .
---evangelistjerry on 2/12/09
AND I believe Sarah was Abraham 's sister , or half sister .
--- kathr4453 on 2/12/09
Betty ... " God said you shall not have sexual relations with your near kin "
That was much later .
The Bible is quite clear that the first people God created were Adam & Eve .
If you think that by saying that I am parking my car over the flames of hell ... that is up to you !!
--- alan8566_of_UK on 2/12/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Abortion Facts
Manny -
You know this do n't you ?
There 's going to be a fire that burns with fire and brimstone .
Guess why I say it .
Lord knows
Adam had an unction not to eat of that fruit .
But he was a chosen race .
How do you explain the different races ?
What color do you think Adam was .
Really , God loves all people who are not sinners and that belong to Him , no matter what their color is .
We are all one in Christ .
But I want to know how you explain how the different races came about .
Let 's talk about it - we 're not ostrich's are we ?
Believe me not .
But believe the Bible .
--- Betty on 2/12/09
StrongAxe - Wise men came to Jesus and called Him Lord .
Who called them and who led them there ?
Why is it many people had rather believe that Cain committed incest , rather than search the scripture carefully for clues ?
My God would never approve of people marrying near kin .
He forbade it .
The Bible says Cain went to another land and knew his wife .
Why would he wait until he got there to know her ?
Praise the Lord .
God is able to raise up stones to be witnesses .
He could have made a wife for Cain , but He did n't .
Guess why ?
--- Betty on 2/12/09
evangelistjerry -
The Lord says in Genesis that Cain left his father and mother and went to the land of Nod - then who went with him ?
Does it say his sister went ?
No .
Show me in the Bible where it says Cain married his sister .
Let me know when you find it .
The rest of you can , too .
God said you shall not have sexual relations with your near kin .
Doubtless people who want to believe in incest would believe Cain married his sister , but I do n't believe it .
God could have made one more for Cain to marry .
Marriage is sacred and incest is a vile sin in the sight of God .
Do you believe that ?
What about the rest of you who read this ?
--- Betty on 2/12/09
Betty
As for Cain 's wife being alone in another land , the Bible says that cain went and dwelt in the land of Nod , it does not say that his wife did n't come with .
When the Bible says that Cain knew his wife , you do realize that that means on an intimate level , right .
If you notice when the Bible talks about a man knowing his wife in this form that it also follows with " and she concieved "
As for Cain marrying his sister marriage to family was a very common practice for the day and time .
Most of the time they were commanded by the fathers to take a wife for their son of their family .
Issac 's wife was his cousin , Jacob 's wife also and so on .
--- evangelistjerry on 2/12/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Acne Treatment
Betty >> " ... men and women lived before Adam and Eve ... "
-- Are you sure this is biblical ...?
" And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground ... And the Lord God planted a garden ... and there he put the man whom he had formed ... and ... commanded the man , saying , of every tree of the garden ... "
( Gen.2:7-8,15-16 )
So God formed the " very first man " from dust .
Then
He put this same man in the garden and commanded ( this same man ) not to eat the " fruit " .
So who is this man who God commanded not to eat the " forbidden fruit " ? --
It was Adam .
So , who is the first man ? -- Adam .
" And so it is written , the FIRST MAN ADAM ... " ( 1Cor.15:45 ) --- manny on 2/11/09
Betty :
Speaking of adding ones own observations :
The Bible never mentions other people before Adam and Eve .
It never mentions Adam and Eve preventing Cain from marrying his sisters .
When a woman marries a man , she leaves her father 's house and joins her husband 's house - so if she marries into a cursed house , she joins the curse .
While Adam and Eve may have known about what happened ( not mentioned either ) , what about their grandchildren ?
How many things that happened to your grandparents do YOU remember ?
In short , you jump to conclusions without any scriptures to back them up - and then use these to deduce things that scripture says DIDN'T happen ( i.e. if Eve was the mother of all , there COULDN 'T have been anyone else . )
--- StrongAxe on 2/11/09
Betty ... " Perhaps you did not know that men and women lived before Adam and Eve , but they did "
That of course is fully documented in the Bible , but I can't find it .
Can you help ?
--- alan8566_of_UK on 2/10/09
John -
Further research could show you that the Bible is true , yet some men added their own observations .
Perhaps you did not know that men and women lived before Adam and Eve , but they did .
The Name of God is exalted .
Cain could not have married his sister because God and his parents would not let him .
Jesus Christ knew something about that .
He said the family of Cain was cursed .
Did He curse Adam 's family ?
No. Furthermore , God gave Adam a new line through Seth .
That 's the blessed race .
Why would Adam 's daughter have been living alone in another land ?
Who was going to kill Cain if God had not put a mark on him , for Adam and Eve and their family knew what had happened and heard from God .
--- Betty on 2/10/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Bad Credit Loans
Betty .
You 're wrong about God having created other people outside the garden of Eden .
The Bible says that eve was the mother of all living .
This means that all humans came from her .
--- john on 2/9/09
Just because we 're under the new covenant , it does n't make us seperate from Israel and Judah !
We are all one body !
God only has one bride !
--- BryanG on 2/9/09
Covenant .
Look this word up .
It does n't say what you are saying .
Heb 8:8
Jer 31:31
and all the other places .
The Gentiles referred to are 10 nations of Israel Divorced .
This is confirmed in Revelations when the New Jerusalem comes down and the 12 twelve apostles are judging the 12 twelve tribes of Is Ra EL .
--- Trav on 2/9/09
Adam and Eve did not have children before they were banished from the garden .
The Lord gave Satan no curse until after he was cast out of the garden because the garden was blessed .
The people did not receive the curse until they were cast out .
Adam and Eve gave God praise in the garden , but the curse came to them outside the garden .
Numerous people think Cain married a sister , yet God had created other people who were not found in the garden .
Only Adam and Eve were chosen for the garden , because
He formed them especially to form the race that Jesus Christ would come from .
They are the ones that the Bible concerns itself with .
The descendants of the other people were destroyed by the flood .
--- Betty on 2/9/09
As Gentiles , we are grafted into Israel by the blood of Jesus .
Everyone who believes and follows Christ are His bride .
Even King David knew Jesus !
So did Moses and Isaiah .
Just because we 're under the new covenant , it does n't make us seperate from Israel and Judah !
We are all one body !
God only has one bride !
--- BryanG on 2/9/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Bankruptcy
Too katr , rebuke you only in your trying to teach .
You take it as me a male against all women .
Not true .
I love your faith in King James , you dedication to work but , rebuke " this is the way it is attitude " .
It 's amplified by what you are not seeing .
Realize this .
The original wife of GOD was Is ra el .
Men and women collectively .
One Wifely body .
The same people , Israel Judah are New Covenant Heb8:8 .
And you know / we know the Bridegroom cometh to humble Wifely body .
Men and women collectively .
Redeemed from first error , freed from divorce by widowhood .
You fondly post , no male or female will be known .... between us then .
You may be this new people , but marked with rebelliousness of Old Israel 's attitude .
--- Trav on 1/17/09
Trav ... how do we know YOU'RE not a woman , pretending to be a man .
Maybe you name is Travolina !!!
Travelopenia ??
Travesty ??
Travelosity ?
---kathr4453 on 1/15/09
Ha .
Travelosity , is sofuneeee , travesty probably at some point in life before GOD .
Back to the question .
Well , logically speaking I would n't cast out my own ( Rebuke for teaching ) ( not sharing or talking , pointing , asking ) .
Paternally / maternally speaking , my wife children would have to testify .
As you can imagine they 've been angry enough at times to give me to you .
According to your doctrine I 'd be neither .
Which I believe too .... although in the next life if we make it .
--- Trav on 1/16/09
8 in the Bible signifies a new beginning .
When the whole earth was covered with the flood , it was Noah " the eighth person " ( 2 Peter 2:5 ) who stepped out on to a new earth to begin a new life .
Circumcision was to be performed on the eighth day ( Gen 17:12 ) , because it was the foreshadowing of the true circumcision of the heart , that which was to be " made without hands , " even " the putting off of the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ " ( Col 2:11 ) .
This is connected with the new creation , also the New Heaven and New Earth of which all Born Again Christians have an earnest deposit .
The Old Creation , still held in bondage to Satan , is at war with The New Creation .
--- kathr4453 on 1/15/09
Continue Please ....
Galatians 6:14 -16
14But God forbid that I should glory , save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ , by whom the world is crucified unto me , and I unto the world .
15 For in Christ Jesus ( ( neither circumcision availeth any thing , nor uncircumcision , ) ) ) ( ( Paul rebuking the lawyers who wanted to put Gentiles under a literal law of Circumcision ... which misses the point of Spiritual Circumcision ) ) ) but a new creature .
Trav ... how do we know YOU'RE not a woman , pretending to be a man .
Maybe you name is Travolina !!!
Travelopenia ??
Travesty ??
Travelosity ? --- kathr4453 on 1/15/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Cash Advance
Too Katr :
To the Jews , there is an eight day week .
But in the seventh day you move back in to the first day , which is a holy day .
St. John , chapter 10 verse 22 .
The feast of dedication was an eight day feast .
Judas the Hammer , chosen to go in and tear down all the signs of paganism , and put up a new alter for the Jews ......
--- joe on 1/14/09
Katr :
Have n't verified but , Joe presents something we have n't heard .
( Joe borrowed this for an 8 day question . )
Was n't there a Beatles song about this ?
--- Trav on 1/15/09
Trav , YOU are trying to have it both ways .
YOU say God created Adam / Eve on the 8th day ...
YOU 're also saying not all died in the deluge , you are contradictinng SCRIPTURE .
br>----katr
1/13/09
Katr ,
Not saying anything scripture does not reveal .
I 'll only have it GOD 's way .
Never stated 8th day .
Interesting concept .
Could be 1st day Adamic week .
" Adam " was formed .
Day is not stated .
My GOD can create an 8 day week if he can create all the rest though , if he feels like it .
I 'll live it .
Was no total world deluge .
Was an appx 500,000sq mile flood that drowned all the mixed Adamites , except for Noah 's perfect in generation group .
From the very first 5:1 Genesis it says these are the Generations of Who ? --- Trav on 1/15/09
Trav ,
In Christ we have entered into the New Creation .
Jesus is head of the New Creation .
IN HIM we live and move and have our being .
---kathr4453 on 1/15/09
Again , one who blatantly goes against scripture in Timothy is trying to teach scripture ??
There is a mark of unbelief on you .
You do not really believe the above because you do not believe other scripture .
There is only one truth .
Not hodgepodge of confusion .
You take no pointed direction , from anyone most especially male .
Someone hurt you plenty I suspect .
We could share scripture , but you reject original language for interpretation of men , instead of trusting A Male Form ... our Lord , the only teacher .
ba & # 770 , qash , proseuchomai , charin , atta & # 770 , h .
--- Trav on 1/15/09
Cont please ...
Trav ,
In Christ we have entered into the New Creation .
Jesus is head of the New Creation .
IN HIM we live and move and have our being .
Circumcision was on the 8th day , and a sign which now is literal to those in Christ .
In Christ , our Circumcision is putting OFF the sin of the FLESH .
It 's death and resurrection life IN CHRIST .
Our History in Adam 1 ( those IN CHRIST ) ended COMPLETELY at Calvary
2 Corinthians 5:16 -18
16 Wherefore henceforth know we no man after the flesh : yea , though we have known Christ after the flesh , yet now henceforth know we him no more .
17 Therefore if any man be in Christ , he is a new creature : old things are passed away , behold , all things are become new .
--- kathr4453 on 1/15/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Credit Counseling
Trav , YOU are trying to have it both ways .
YOU say God created Adam / Eve on the 8th day ... after GOD finished all His work .
No where in Genesis 2 is an 8th day even mentioned that another creation of vegitation / trees AND Adam / Eve with soul was created .
YOU 're also saying not all died in the deluge , you are contradictinng SCRIPTURE .
YOU are preaching another gospel .
The 8th Day is the Resurrected Day of Jesus Christ , made without hands
Mark 14:58
We heard him say , I will destroy this temple that is made with hands , and within three days I will build another made without hands .
Colossians 2:11
In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands , ... by the circumcision of Christ : --- kathr4453 on 1/15/09
It 's just another gospel Paul said is ACCURSED !
Beware !
---kathr4453 on 1/14/09
It is remarkable you post the very thing that we 've been trying to tell you .
I am always amazed at the power of GOD .
Someone one trying to teach when it is against scripture .
Not only that is the fundemental misunderstanding of scripture you try to link .
This alone has caused you a great confusion and blindness .
You can't have it both ways ..... go directly against scripture and then have any witness that is substantial .
Your own words judge you .
--- Trav on 1/14/09
Genesis 2:2
And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made , and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made .
No where is there spoken of an 8th day ( AFTER Genesis 2:2 , of which , after God rested up ... HOLLO !!! ( obviously
He must have been exhausted from the first 6 ) to resume
His work AGAIN that was obviously according to this FALSE teaching .... UNFINISHED .
If the foundation is wrong ( Genesis ) the end( Revelation ) is wrong as well .
This false teaching WILL certainly deceive those who believe it , and fall into the hands of anti-christ .
It 's just another gospel Paul said is ACCURSED !
Beware ! --- kathr4453 on 1/14/09
1st Cor 15 : 39 All flesh is not the same flesh : but there is one kind of flesh of men , another flesh of beasts , another of fishes , another of birds .
40 There are also celestial bodies , and bodies terrestrial : the glory of the celestial is one , and the glory of the terrestrial is another .
So Genesis 1 has all vegitation on the third day , and Genesis 2 , on the 8th day ALSO another KIND OF Vegitation and trees along with man in the flesh form with a soul ???
You say the MAN in Genesis 1 does not have flesh / soul ???
Is it Celestrial or Terrestrial ??
Celestrial inbred with Terrestrial ?
So the 8th day is a WHOLE New Creation other then the 1 - 6 ?
God RESTED on the 7th ... and was still WORKING on the 8th ?
--- kathr4453 on 1/14/09
Read These Insightful Articles About Debt Relief
It 's SOOO EASY .
---kathr4453 on 1/13/09
Kathr , you opt out of the question before it ever begin .
I have to tell you I like anyone who stands for what they believe .
But , when witnesses , especially scriptural , more especially original language show that there might just be a question on doctrine held .... one can cling to the sinking boat or plug it up .
Now if you want to play barbeque the meat ... you need some original language used in this case .
Buy , or better yet ... get esword on line .
Free .
We 'll eat a steak , or I 'll eat Crow .
--- Trav on 1/14/09
Gen 1:26 ... the TRINITY are saying they want to create MAN ...
Genesis 2
They are actually telling us HOW they created MAN after God 's image RE : SOUL .
It 's SOOO EASY .
---kathr4453 on 1/13/09
ever notice the differences in the order of the 2 creations ?
Not coincidence .
--- mac on 1/14/09
Char / Trav ,
If you are dividing Genesis 1:26 and Genesis 2 to be two different types of creations and peoples , here is a problem .
Genesis 1:26 were created after the image of God ... you say have NO SOUL .
Genesis 2 .. nothing said about being created after the image of God ... but have a soul .
So who is your first group .... Angels ?
Monkey's , Angels do not have a soul , reproductive organs , blood , cannot conceive .
ANIMALS and MAN cannot inter - breed anymore than a horse / elephant can .
Read 1st Corin 15 on the differences of flesh .
Gen 1:26 ... the TRINITY are saying they want to create MAN ...
Genesis 2
They are actually telling us HOW they created MAN after God 's image RE : SOUL .
It 's SOOO EASY .
--- kathr4453 on 1/13/09
OTTAWA – Any Canadian citizen who has lived outside the country can legitimately run for the country 's top job , Prime Minister Stephen Harper acknowledged today .
Pressed repeatedly on whether the negative Conservative Party ads slamming Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff for his time out of the country represent his own view , Harper dodged a direct answer four times during a Halifax television interview .
Harper defended the campaign 's claim that Ignatieff is " Just Visiting , " saying the source for the ad material is " strictly Mr. Ignatieff 's own words and own record so he 's the one who has to answer questions on that . "
CTV host Steve Murphy asked Harper a fifth time about his personal view .
" Do you think that he is in any sense disqualified from aspiring to be prime minister because he 's been out of the country ? "
Harper stammered , and reluctantly disavowed the main thrust behind his party 's ad campaign , which just concluded a broadcast run across the country .
" Every , every , every , obviously every Canadian citizen 's eligible to run for office , " Harper said .
" But obviously our records , motives , statements , all these things will be under scrutiny , they always are , of all party leaders in an election campaign . "
Asked if he thought the ads " were working , " the Conservative leader said , " that 's really for party officials who worry about that , " but suggested the ads had had at least one desired effect .
" To the extent that I think the ads have made the Liberal party think twice about having an election , I think that 's been a good result .
Because I do n't think Canadians want an election .
I think it would be another round of political instability .
And so to the extent that it 's put that party a little bit back on its heels and maybe thinking a little bit more about how to cooperate and actually dealing with the economy , I actually think it 's been helpful . "
The Conservative party ads attack Ignatieff for " Just Visiting " after spending more than 30 years outside the country as a professor , journalist and author .
The overt message is Ignatieff is running for his own interests , not those of the country .
The Harper interview was conducted by the same Halifax television host who last fall broadcast a mid-campaign interview with then - Liberal leader Stéphane Dion .
Dion stumbled over an awkwardly - phrased question about how the economy should be handled .
The network 's decision to air that interview was recently criticized as unfair by the Canadian Broadcast Standards Council .
Harper held forth on a number of other subjects during Murphy 's interview .
Asked about the recent N.S. election that saw voters elect an NDP majority government , Harper predicted he would get along well with the new premier .
" The book I 've been given on Darrel Dexter is he 's a sensible guy who 's focused on the issues that matter including the economy . "
He said the federal Conservatives did not take any particular message from the Nova Scotia vote results .
" My read of the election is it was strictly on provincial issues , it really was n't an election about the federal government . "
" I do n't really care what the stripe of a provincial government is . "
He added , " We have an obligation to work in the shared interests of the citizens of this province ... I think the new government of Nova Scotia will be committed to the best interests of the country . "
Harper would not comment on whether he would appoint outgoing premier and fellow Conservative Rodney Macdonald to any federal job .
And he defended the decision to strike a Conservative - Liberal panel to study EI reform , and what his government has done so far for the unemployed hit by the current recession .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" The vast majority of people who are losing their jobs are getting unemployment insurance , they 're getting it promptly , and they 're getting more of it than ever before . "
" I 'm not saying things are perfect , but the system is responding .
We are going to spend $ 5.5 billion more on employment insurance this year than last year . "
Read more about :
Students protest against racist attacks and police inaction in Melbourne .
By the Communist Party of India ( Marxist - Leninist ) Liberation
June 4 , 2009 --
The continuing spate of attacks and violence against Indians and Indian students in particular in Australia has once again exploded the much - touted myth that globalisation promotes and respects pluralism and multiculturalism .
The response of the Australian government has been shockingly muted , trying to cover up and even deny the racist dimensions of the attacks , terming them as just routine robberies and muggings .
If so , why do Indians constitute a disproportionate share of the victims –- 30 % in Melbourne ?
One of the important demands of the protesting Indian students is to make the records of the assaults public -- which would bring out the actual extent and dimension of these racist crimes .
The least that the Australian government could have done in the wake of these attacks was to unequivocally apologise ; but far from that , the Victorian police have unleashed a brutal crackdown by thrashing and arresting the peaceful student protesters agitating against the attacks .
It is really shocking that while the Aussie police swooped on the Indian students to thwart their protests against racist violence , the same police have hardly displayed any urgency or sensitivity to stop the spate of crimes and violence so far .
This brings out the real attitude and intent of Aussie authorities towards this phenomenon .
The Australian authorities deny racism - – but their own pronouncements and assumptions are racist !
Take for example the “ advice ” of one Inspector Scott Mahony of the Melbourne police force , who asked Indians “ not to talk loudly in their native language in public or travel around with expensive items such as mp3 players on display ” .
Is it not racist to blame the victims for the “ display ” of their “ native language ” and their electronic equipment ?
Attacks on Indians , though not a new phenomenon in Australia , have been especially violent during the last few weeks .
There have been at least 60 to 70 incidents of a serious nature .
According to police records at least three cases of crime against Indian students are registered on a daily basis .
Partly , of course , Indian students are being targeted for shining academically and because they are perceived as getting better jobs than local Australian unemployed youth .
But that is not the whole story .
Remember that not long ago , taxi drivers of Indian and Pakistani origin had protested in Melbourne against police indifference to a series of attacks on them .
That story had not been highlighted much by the corporate Indian media because it made less interesting copy for elite India than the attacks on “ people like us ” .
The truth is that racism is deeply entrenched in Australia 's state policy : the worst of its racism is directed at its Aboriginal population , from whom the country itself was stolen by colonial Europeans .
Today , a disproportionate percentage of Aborigines are jailed , or killed in ``encounters ' ' on the streets , and there is no Aboriginal representation in the Australian parliament .
Australian ministers have time and again got away with racist remarks against immigrants –- the “ boat people ” who come seeking refuge to Australia .
Australian policy treats such immigrant refugees as criminals - – penning them into jail - like detention centres for months .
And of course , that is not to mention the rampant and rising racism against Muslims in Australia , in the wake of the “ war on terror ” .
The episode of Dr Hanif was only the tip of the iceberg –- the Australian government 's racism today is reinforced by its role in the occupation of Iraq , and its partnership with the US in sponsoring Islamophobia .
The attacks on Indian students are no aberration -– they are part and parcel of the deep - seated racism in Australian society and politics finding renewed expression in the wake of the globalised recession .
Commentators have dubbed the recent developments as the “ present day Pauline Hanson phenomenon " ; Pauline Hanson was the conservative politician who got elected to the Australian parliament in 1996 , openly speaking of the " swamping " of Australia by people from Asia and the consequent unemployment of " Aussie battlers " .
Racism is a simmering phenomenon not just in Australia , but also in other countries like the US and the UK which are championing globalisation .
For them , globalisation means the free mobility of capital to usurp the land and livelihood of people of developing countries ; it has never meant the free movement of labour to their countries .
Predictably , in the wake of the current economic recession spawned by their disastrous policies , we are seeing a renewed offensive of racism against migrant workers from the Third World in these countries -– from attacks on Sikh cab drivers and retrenchment of Asian teachers in the US , to Britain 's Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's call for “ British jobs for British people ” , the drum of racism is clearly being beaten by the ruling class to divert and mislead the anxiety of the working class in the face of recession .
As we protest against the attacks on Indians in Australia , we must also , however , remind ourselves of India ’s own homespun variant of ``anti- migrant '' chauvinism -– such as the violence unleashed by the right - wing Shiv Sena against north Indian migrants in Mumbai .
It is high time that the people of the Third World and the working class all over the world speak out against the present spate of racist assaults and the politics of hate and chauvinism in which the promoters of recession - hit globalisation are seeking a convenient refuge .
[ This article first appeared in the CPI ( ML ) Liberation 's , vol. 12 no. 23 , June 2 - 8 , 2009 . ]
There 's been a couple cool writeups / solutions to deploying your crontab files when you deploy with Capistrano , which I think is great .
I can't find the first one I saw ( mention in comments and I 'll update ) , but on GitHub , javan has the whenever gem that is really more about allowing you to define crontabs with Ruby / Rails ' time methods so you do n't have to remember the crontab file syntax which none of us ever seems to be able to remember .
You can of course integrate this with Capistrano ( and that 's covered in his Readme ) .
The point of all this : no more having to remember to go put in or uncomment a crontab entry once you deploy a certain build , and keeping your crontabs under version control .
However , for us , none of the solutions out there worked quite right , and I just use what I find to be a simpler setup .
First , we have multiple servers with different crontabs per server .
Also , we have some environment variables that get defined within the crontab so that they work properly on our Engine Yard slices .
I just found that , while yes , I sometimes do n't remember all the crontab syntax perfectly , I also do n't do this often enough for that to be an issue , and would rather just have the real deal right there , so I knew exactly what I was going to install on my server .
Lastly , I did n't really want to have yet another gem dependency for something pretty straight forward like this ( IMHO ) .
So , get on with it you say , what 's the solution ?
Two pieces .
First , I create a crontab directory within my Rails app 's config directory .
In that I store crontab files named by the hostname of the server - the same thing you 'd get by doing a hostname on the server .
You could add an extension or whatever you want , but the hostname is what makes this work easily , so you want that somewhere in your file naming convention .
We only have a couple servers and I know them well , so I just went with pure hostname for now .
The contents of each file are exactly what you 'd see in the crontab file on the server , for the user you set it up under .
Second , a simple Capistrano task to affect the given crontab file on the server , with an after hook to run it :
task : write_crontab , :roles => :app do
puts " Installing server - specific crontab . "
run ( " cd # {deploy_to}/current/config/crontab ; crontab `hostname` " )
end
after " deploy : restart " , " write_crontab "
That 's it .
You can obviously tweek this for your own setup , for example , maybe you need to run it on all roles , or different roles , or what not .
Your run command might need to be more robust ( or run a shell script or rake task ) for example if not all servers have crontabs or you have something more dynamic .
But , as you can tell , setting this kind of thing up is pretty straight forward , and it 's great to keep your crontab setups in version control .
Thanks to you guys that stimulated the idea in the first place .
Photo : www.gangsorus.com
A Russian man has killed at least 5 people with a self - made electric chair before being detained by police , the Life .ru web - site reported on Friday .
The 30 - year old killer was detained in the city of Yekaterinburg , in the Urals Region in central Russia .
He has pleaded guilty to killing one man whom he lured into his garage by posting a classified ad on the Internet claiming he wanted to buy some computer parts .
Then , the maniac tied up his victim and put him into the car , wrapping his body in electric wire connected to a powerful capacitor .
After electrocuting the victim he took the body to the outskirts of the city and burned it in a fire made with old car tires .
Despite the fact that the murder was committed in the presence of a witness – one of the killer ’s friends – the case was solved only after the police had found and managed to identify the badly burnt body .
When the maniac was detained , he immediately pleaded guilty and told the investigators that he would admit all similar crimes if more bodies were found .
Investigators think that in 2008 and 2009 the maniac killed at least 5 people , since that many people had left their homes to sell computer parts and went missing since then .
Police found a small power plant installed in the garage and linked to a computer .
The detained killer said that he had designed a device with which he planned to kill people who passed by in their cars – one part of the machine would remotely stop the car engine and the other part , resembling a door mat – would electrocute and kill the exiting driver .
While staying in the pre-trial detention center , the criminal said that he also planned to make a device that would erase people ’s memory with an electro - magnetic ray .
Verizon says Cablevision 's plans to offer 101 Mbps of unlimited Internet access is nothing but a " parlor trick . "
Verizon is not too happy with Cablevision 's plans to offer 101 - megabits - per-second of unlimited Internet access .
Cablevision 's promises are nothing but a " parlor trick , " Verizon spokesman Eric Rabe wrote in a Thursday blog post .
" With today 's technology , you do n't have to break much of a sweat to deliver 100 Mbps to a few customers , " Rabe wrote .
" But given the inherent limits of the cable platform , a cluster of bandwidth junkies living near each other could be a real problem .
One estimate is that a single 101 Mbps customer would use some 60 percent of the capacity in a neighborhood .
Other users ?
Outta luck . "
Cablevision 's Optimum Online Ultra will provided 101 megabits to its entire service area starting May 11 for $ 99.95 per month .
Verizon has been able to deliver 100 Mbps over its FiOS system for two years , Rabe said .
The company 's fiber - to - the - home network can deliver 400 Mbps to a single home , and a 50 Mbps service has been up and running for a year , he said .
Rabe acknowledged that " competition is a key innovation driver , so in that sense FiOS along with [ Cablevisions ' ] product and the ultra - high - speed services of others , have the potential to spur the entire industry to breed new ideas at all levels applications , content , information as well as transport , " he wrote .
" Time will tell whether [ Cablevision ] and [ high - speed ] DOCSIS are up to the task , " he continued .
" For now , [ Cablevison 's ] leap to 101 Mbps is about market positioning and bragging rights rather than delivering a useful service to a mass customer market . "
Mos Def 's newest album entitled The Ecstatic is now available but to prepare for its release ..
Mos Def allowed producers from Current to follow him on a trip to Japan .
Current was recording and they filmed three acapella versions of songs from the new album .
So you have Mos Def roaming the streets of Japan with a camera and busting out nice rhymes .
The songs performed are : " Auditorium " , " The Embassy " , & " Casa Bey " .
Please cop this man 's album .
Its definitely worth it !
Mos Def - Auditorium
Mos Def - The Embassy
Mos Def - Casa Bey
Via Andrew Gelman , Greg Mankiw describes the use of international comparisons of life expectancy as part of the argument for reform as “ schlocky . ”
Grrr .
Not many serious advocates of reform use the life expectancy differences to argue that health care is clearly better in other advanced countries than it is in the United States ; when it comes to care , the general assessment seems to be that it ’s comparable , with no advanced country having a clear advantage .
The reform argument actually goes like this :
1. Every other advanced country has universal coverage , protecting its citizens from the financial risks of uninsurance as well as ensuring that everyone gets basic care .
2 . They do this while spending far less on health care than we do .
3 . Yet they do n’t seem to do worse in overall health results .
So Greg suggests that maybe it ’s all because we have an unhealthier lifestyle — what Ezra Klein calls the well - we - eat - more - cheeseburgers argument .
Three things .
First , surely the burden of proof here is on Greg .
I mean , we ’re spending 6 or 7 percent of GDP more on health care than other countries — call it a trillion dollars a year — without any clear advantage .
That ’s not the sort of thing you wave away with a casual suggestion that maybe we have bad habits .
Second : you know , people have thought about this — and tried hard to measure it .
For example , the huge McKinsey Research Institute study on the cost of US healthcare tried to quantify the costs of lifestyle - related issues — and found that it did n’t explain much .
Third , read Atul Gawande !
My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult in Dallas Track Share
EVENT DETAILS
My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult
My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult
plus : The Razorblade Dolls , Chant
Monday , May 11 , 2009
8:00 PM , Doors at 7:00 PM
My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult
For over 20 years , alternative music innovators MY LIFE WITH THE THRILL KILL KULT have been shaking up dance floors ( as well as the PMRC ) with their infectious blend of industrial strength disco sex rock .
They have been credited for directly influencing a large spectrum of contemporary bands from Marilyn Manson to the Scissor Sisters .
Their music has been featured in vast array of films , cable and network tv shows .
MLWTTKK have released twelve full - length LPs , a string of 12 singles and remix albums over their timely career , all the while touring non-stop with their revolving entourage of musicians , performance artists and voluptuous back - up singers / dancers known as THE BOMB GANG GIRLZ .
All Granada shows are 17 + with valid ID .
All Sales are Final / No Refunds
Sales tax included in ticket price
This historic theater is a non-smoking venue
Categories : Concerts & Tour Dates
Event details may change at any time , always check with the event organizer when planning to attend this event or purchase tickets .
Hotels and Airbnbs near My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult .
Book your stay now !
char * filename ; /* maildir has this annoying status shit on the end of the filename , use this to get the real message id */
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- New
York officials want to know how a jail inmate threw a lavish bar mitzvah for his son inside a detention facility , complete with live music and catered kosher food .
The gala , attended by about 60 people , took place in the visiting room of the Manhattan Detention Complex , a facility known locally as " The Tombs , " according to a spokeswoman for New York City 's Department of Investigation .
Officials have launched a probe of how Tuvia Stern pulled off the event without raising any red flags , she said .
Five correction employees , including a rabbi , an assistant commissioner , a warden and two assistant chiefs , are being disciplined as a result of the incident , said Stephen Morello from the city 's Department of Corrections .
The New York Post , which first broke the story on Thursday , reported that guests were allowed to use cell phones -- which are normally prohibited at the jail .
Stern , 47 , is serving at least 2 1/ 2 years for a first - degree grand larceny conviction , according to corrections officials .
Manhattan prosecutors refused comment .
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , speaking on a morning radio show Friday , would not divulge details about the investigation , but quipped , " As they say , oy vey . "
All About Michael Bloomberg • Corrections Corporation of America • Judaism
In this interview , L0 phtcrack core team member Chris Wysopal discusses the history of this legendary password auditing and recovery tool as well as the features in the latest release .
Why did it take you so long to release a new version of L0 phtCrack ?
It took quite a while once we contacted Symantec to work through the legal process of getting the rights to the code .
I think dealing with large companies when you are small always takes a lot longer than you think it does .
Then when we got the code it still took a few months to get in the improvements we wanted in order to make the software a credible new release that people would want to upgrade or purchase .
What happened between releases and how extensive was the the development process of L0 phtCrack 6 ?
There was a long period , about 3 years , when L0 phtcrack was not available .
Symantec had discontinued the product and the new development team did not yet have the code to work on it .
Once we got the code there was a period of about 4 months of development .
Who are the developers behind the latest release of L0 phtcrack ?
Do you have any plans to expand the core team ?
The core team is myself Chris Wysopal , Christien Rioux , and Peiter “ Mudge ” Zatko .
The history of L0 phtCrack started with Mudge developing the initial dictionary and brute force routines in a command line tool .
I ( Chris Wysopal ) adding a graphical interface for Windows users since windows administrators and IT security people were our main target .
I integrated in local and remote password hash dumping .
Christien Rioux then optimized our cracking routines with hand tuned assembler and added many other performance and usability improvements .
We do n’t have any plan to expand this team although we have other people helping us with sales and administrative functions .
What are the main features introduced with L0 phtcrack 6 ?
The main new features for L0 phtcrack 6 center around modernizing the tool to work well on today ’s multicore hardware and today ’s 64 - bit operating systems .
All of the cracking techniques : dictionary , hybrid , rainbow table , and brute force have been improved to utilize as many cores a system has efficiently without slowing down the interactivity of the system .
You will see your CPU pegged at 100 % no matter how many cores or hyperthreads you have yet the system will still be very responsive and you can get other work done .
Password hashes can be dumped either locally or remotely from all 64 - bit Windows OSes : Windows XP 64 - bit , Windows Server 2003 64 - bit , Windows Vista 64 - bit , Windows Server 2008 64 - bit , and Windows 7 64 - bit Beta 1 . 32 - bit versions of those OSes also work .
Rainbow table support has been improved .
We now use the much faster and smaller rainbow tables generated by freerainbowtables.com .
NTLM support is improved and available for all cracking types .
Now that many versions of Windows have discontinues storing the LANMAN hash for security reasons , the more difficult to crack NTLM hash must be audited .
That is now the L0 phtCrack default behavior .
What configuration ( hardware / software ) would you recommend for a security professional that ’s running L0 phtcrack 6 for work ?
Lots of cores !
Many gamers get a single CPU with a very high clock rate instead of a CPU with 2 cores with an average clock rate because most games are not multithreaded .
With L0 phtcrack you want the opposite .
Get as many cores as you can with the dollars you have to spend on CPU .
Personally , I use the Intel Core i7 2.66M
Hz which as four cores for a reasonable price ( $ 284 ) .
Speed freaks my want to get the 3.33 Mhz version but it is pricy at $ 999 .
A lot of RAM is not necessary .
100 M is good for most cracking jobs .
You also do n’t need a lot of hard disk space unless you want to do a lot of rainbow table cracking .
Then the sky is the limit .
You could easily use 200 MB for rainbow tables .
The release of L0 phtcrack was met with lots of enthusiasm from the security community .
Are you satisfied with the response ?
How many users do you have with the new release ?
We are very excited about the response to the return of L0 phtcrack .
We have had many old customers and just plain fans send us notes of congratulations .
We really appreciate it !
We would n’t be doing the L0 phtCrack project if it was n’t fun and appreciated by the security community .
We have had 25,000 downloads of the new version .
What are your plans for the future ?
What kind of evolution can we expect ?
We are looking forward to enhancing the metrics and reporting on passwords .
We think a lot can be done here .
Additionally we want to improve the ability to audit the local machines passwords for large networks and look for account / password reuse .
We are always looking out for new types of passwords to crack .
Lotus Notes may be next .
We have a usergroup set up .
If anyone has any feature ideas to request we will certainly consider them .
L0 phtCrack is available here .
The Pardee RAND Graduate School ( PRGS.edu ) is the largest public policy Ph.D. program in the nation and the only program based at an independent public policy research organization — the RAND Corporation .
There are plenty of reasons to be worried about the risk of inflation .
No wonder " Black Swan " author Nassim Nicholas Taleb and Universa Investments ' Mark Spitznagel are launching a new fund to bet on it .
They 're looking to gamble on likely inflation winners , like commodities and perhaps gold , and against the most likely loser -- Treasury bonds .
( Bonds fall when inflation and interest rates rise . )
Minimum investment ?
Around $ 25 million .
If ...
Marta Harnecker .
[ This is the sixth in a series of regular articles .
Click HERE for other articles in the series .
Please return to Links regularly read the next articles in the series . ]
By Marta Harnecker , translated by Federico Fuentes for Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal
1 . The rejection by a majority of the people of the globalisation model imposed on our continent intensifies each day given its inability to solve the most pressing problems of our people .
Neoliberal policies implemented by large transnational financial capital , which is backed by a large military and media power , and whose hegemonic headquarters can be found in the United States , have not only been unable to resolve these problems but , on the contrary , have dramatically increased misery and social exclusion , while concentrating wealth in increasingly fewer hands .
2 . Among those who have suffered most as a result of the economic consequences of neoliberalism are the traditional sectors of the urban and rural working classes .
But its disastrous effects have also affected many other social sectors , such as the poor and marginalised , impoverished middle - class sectors , the constellation of small and medium - sized businesses , the informal sector , medium and small - scale rural producers , the majority of professionals , the legions of unemployed , workers in cooperatives , pensioners , the police and the subordinate cadres of the army ( junior officers ) .
Moreover , we should not only keep in mind those who are affected economically , but also all those who are discriminated and oppressed by the system : women , youth , children , the elderly , indigenous peoples , blacks , certain religious creeds , homosexuals , etc .
3. Neoliberalism impoverishes the great majority of the population of our countries , those impoverished in the socioeconomic sense and also in the subjective sense .
4 . Some of these sectors have transformed themselves into powerful movements .
Among those are women ’s , indigenous and consumer rights movements , and movements that fight for human rights and in defence of the environment .
5 . These movements differ in many ways from the classical labour movement .
Their platforms have a strong thematic accent and they reach across classes and generations .
Their forms of organising are less hierarchical and rely more on networks than those of the past , while their concrete forms of actions vary quite a lot .
6 . New social actors have also appeared .
What is surprising , for example , is the capacity to mobilise that has manifested itself among youth , fundamentally organised through electronic means , with the object of rejecting actually existing globalisation ; resisting the application of neoliberal measures , promotion very powerful mobilisations against war and now against military occupation , and spreading experiences of revolutionary struggle , breaking up the information blockade that had been imposed on left and progressive ideas .
7 . This growing rejection is being expressed through diverse and alternative practices of resistance and struggle .
8 . The consolidation of left parties , fronts or political processes in opposition to neoliberalism is undeniable in various countries : Venezuela , Brazil , Colombia , Uruguay , El Salvador , Bolivia .
In some , such as Brazil , Argentina , Bolivia , Ecuador and Mexico , powerful social movements have arisen , which have transformed themselves into major political actors , becoming important opposition forces that occupy the frontlines of the fight against neoliberal globalisation .
9 . However , despite the depth of the crisis that this model has provoked , the breadth and variety of affected sectors that embrace the majority of the population , the multiplicity of demands that have emerged from society and which continue to remain unmet -- all of which have produced a highly favourable situation for the creation of a very broad anti-neoliberal social bloc with enormous social force -- the majority of these growing expressions of resistance and struggle are still far from truly representing a real threat to the system .
10 .
I believe that one of the reasons that helps explain this situation is that parallel to these objective conditions which are favourable for the construction of a broad alternative social bloc against neoliberalism , there are very complicated subjective conditions which have to do with a profound problem : the dispersion of the left .
11 . And that is why I believe that for an effective struggle against neoliberalism , it is of strategic importance to articulate the different left sectors , understanding the left to mean all those forces that stand up against the capitalist system and its profit - driven logic , and who fight for an alternative society based on humanism and solidarity , built upon the interests of the working classes .
12 . Therefore , the left cannot simply be reduced to the left that belongs to left parties or political organisations ; it also includes social actors and movements .
Very often these are more dynamic and combative than the former , but do not belong to or reject belonging to any political party or organisation .
Among the former are those who prefer to accumulate forces by using institutions to aid transformation , while others opt for revolutionary guerrilla warfare ; among the latter , some attempt to create autonomous social movements and different types of networks .
13 .
To simplify , I have decided to refer to the first group as the political left and the second group as the social left , even though I recognise that this conceptual separation is not always so in practice .
In fact , the more developed social movements tend to acquire socio-political dimensions .
14 .
To sum up , I believe that only by uniting the militant efforts of the most diverse expressions of the left will we be able to fully carry out the task of building the broad anti-neoliberal social bloc that we need .
The strategic task therefore is to articulate the party and social left so that , from this starting point , we can unite into a single colossal column , the growing and disperse social opposition .
Marta Harnecker ’s bibliography on the topic :
La izquierda después de Seattle , Siglo XXI España , 2002 .
[ Marta Harnecker is originally from Chile where she participated in the revolutionary process of 1970 - 1973 .
She has written extensively on the Cuba Revolution , and on the nature of socialist democracy .
She now lives in Caracas and is a participant in the Venezuelan revolution . ]
I guess grave robbing and hate are n’t growth businesses now that the Republicans are out of power .
The Washington Post has a story today about how the Mormons are having a bit of a bad year , after it was revealed that they ’ve been trying to steal Anne Frank ’s soul , the soul of President Obama ’s late mother , and then there ’s that little thing about murdering love in an entire state ( which is ironic since a wing of Mormons are still fighting , violently , for their right to polygamy ) .
I suspect part of the problem is that while every religion has its fantastic tales , Christians probably are n’t thrilled when they learn that the Mormons believe that Jesus and the devil are brothers , and that Jesus married ( and presumably slept with ) his mother , Mary .
Then there ’s the magic underwear .
And the forced , secret baptism of dead non-Mormons ( i.e. , your relatives ) against the wishes of their families – ostensibly forcibly converting your family to Mormonism , whether you like it or not .
I ca n’t think of any religion in America that does that .
Even the evangelicals are n’t as pushy as the Mormons .
Mind you , the evangelicals are pretty pushy in their own right , and will talk your ear off about why you need to convert to their faith .
I had one try to start the “ have you accepted Jesus into your heart ” conversation while I was stuck in a 10 hour layover at NY Kennedy after just arriving from Europe .
The conversation did n’t go so well .
As much as that pesky evangelical guy ticked me off , he does n’t hold a candle to some sneak trying to steal your mother ’s soul .
The Snaefell
Motorcycle sidecars have been given an entirely new definition by Francois Knorreck , and one that is quite literal .
While most of the world thinks of sidecars as the retro attachments to bikes , Francois created a sidecar that is actually a car , on the side .
But it ’s easier said than done , it took the man 10 years and nearly 15,000 Euros to complete his work – the Snaefell .
The 1000 cc Laverda motorcycle now has three exhausts , and its sidecar is quite a luxury ride as compared to normal sidecars .
He used parts from a Kawasaki 1000RX and a number of cars to complete his masterpiece , and we ’ll say his effort has gone well .
Now let ’s see Ural come up with something like this .
Via Auto Motto
A top White House aide resigned today for his role in Air Force One's $ 328,835 photo - opportunity flyover above New York City that sparked panic and flashbacks to the September 11 terrorist attacks .
The sight of the huge passenger jet and an F - 16 fighter plane flying past the Statue of Liberty and the tall office buildings in lower Manhattan 's financial district sent panicked office workers streaming into the streets on 27 April .
Obama said it would not happen again .
Louis Caldera said the controversy had made it impossible for him to effectively lead the White House military office .
" Moreover , it has become a distraction in the important work you are doing as president , " Caldera said in his resignation letter to Barack Obama .
Caldera 's office approved the photo - op , which cost $ 35,000 in fuel alone for the plane and two jet fighter escorts .
The US air force estimated the photo shoot cost taxpayers $ 328,835 .
White House officials said the flight was designed to update the official photo of the plane , known as Air Force One when the president is aboard .
The White House released a photo of the blue - and - white plane high above the Statue of Liberty , with New Jersey in the background .
The White House released the report today via e-mail , with a short written statement from White House press secretary Robert Gibbs .
There was no statement about the matter from Obama , who last month declared the embarrassment a " mistake " and vowed it would not be repeated .
Gibbs said Obama has ordered a review of how the White House military office is set up , and how it reports to the White House and the air force .
That review , to be conducted by Jim Messina , the deputy chief of staff , and Robert Gates , the defence secretary , will also offer recommendations to Obama designed to ensure that such an incident will not happen again , Gibbs said .
Caldera , a former US army secretary , has headed the office that coordinates presidential travel on air force jets .
When Obama appointed Caldera to the job during the presidential transition , the then president - elect hailed Caldera as having a CV that was second - to - none .
Obama said then : " I know he 'll bring to the White House the same dedication and integrity that have earned him the highest praise in every post . "
His resignation takes effect on 22 May , but he is finished at the White House military office now not just as director , but in any part of the office 's work .
He said he will use the two weeks of his employment to complete the necessary steps to leave the White House .
CHENGDU , China --
The Chinese bidder for Hummer says it plans to give the gas - guzzling vehicles new life by promoting the brand around the world , including China , and by investing in clean - engine technologies .
However , little in the short history of Sichuan Tengzhong Heavy Industrial Machinery Co. suggests how it might pull off the turnaround of General Motors Corp .'s
Hummer brand , a collection of rugged sport-utility vehicles based on the concept of the U.S. military Humvee vehicle .
Analysts said the deal could face major hurdles in getting official Beijing sanction because it conflicts with recent changes in China 's industrial and environmental policies .
The company , which makes heavy commercial vehicles like dump trucks , is little known even among Chinese auto makers .
" ' Who ? '
That 's what I said to myself this morning when I heard the news , " said a senior engineering executive at Changfeng Motor Co. , a manufacturer of SUVs based in Hunan province .
" I had never heard of the company before . "
Tengzhong 's headquarters , set among rice paddies an hour 's drive south of the western Chinese boomtown of Chengdu , offer few clues .
The spacious complex , a collection of production shops with dark gray siding and red trim , is protected with concrete walls and monitored by security cameras .
Zinic.insane : " I was 10 when i tried it [ CS ] , and i could n't stop "
Sophie ' inzane ' Regnér , one of the Pink Zinic ladies , has decided to leave school due to being unable to concentrate fully , and is now working as a model alongside her role at Pink Zinic .
Pink Zinic have confirmed their attendance at the upcoming DreamHack Summer Qualifier in an attempt to have a shot at qualifying for the 100,000 SEK tournament .--[ photo from Readmore
Our Review
Monster 's Den is an extremely polished and fun ' dungeon crawl ' RPG classic .
Make a party of 4 heroes from five different classes and get stuck in .
It features randomised dungeons & loot , simplified turn - based battles ( good tactics are key ! ) , automatic levelling every time you go deeper with new skills for your characters – all in it 's a truly excellent piece of flash gaming for lovers of classic CRPGs !
Once you 've beaten the main campaign try it again on hardcore mode for a serious difficulty bump !
Our Rating : 4 / 5
Description
A party - based dungeon crawl tactical RPG .
Create a party of up to four heroes , from five distinct character classes .
Then battle to the depths of the dungeon , increasing in strength and finding powerful treasure .
Instructions
Click on rooms to move .
Can be played entirely with the mouse , although there are some keyboard shortcuts ( check the ' help ' screens )
Tip :
You start with three ' Scrolls of Deception ' , which allow you to pass through a group of enemies without being attacked .
Save these for when you ’re hemmed in by a group of enemies you do n’t feel you can beat yet .
Thanks for playing !
Now check out Thanks for playing !
Now check out Guild of Dungeoneering , a game I 'm making where you build the dungeon instead of controlling the hero !
\o/
Whatever happened to the neocons , those creatures of legend whose fulminations led to the worst strategic disaster in American history ?
Oh , do n’t worry , they ’re still around and up to no good — out of power , but not out of mischief - making schemes to drag us into yet another war , this time on a scale much bigger than their previous " accomplishment . "
The Weekly Standard , Rupert Murdoch ’s gift to the War Party , is no longer delivered in multiple copies to the White House , but that does n’t mean editor Bill Kristol is totally bereft of influence in Washington .
Kristol & Co. , having disbanded their Project for a New American Century [ . pdf ] — which played a key role in dragging us into Iraq — have come up with a new vehicle , the Foreign Policy Initiative , which recently co-sponsored a conference with the head of the Center for a New American Security ( the Obamaites ’ favorite foreign policy think - tank ) and the Center for American Progress , the Soros - funded headquarters for progressives such as Matt Yglesias .
The subject was the " Af - Pak " front , and the attendees , whatever their other political differences , were in agreement that our new president is on the right track as he escalates this latest surge in the " war on terror . "
The reason for this ideological harmonic convergence is simple enough to see : in spite of Obama ’s alleged commitment to " change , " so far our foreign policy is Bushism without Bush — a policy of perpetual war , albeit without the Bushian bells and whistles .
Not that the administration will ever admit to this essential continuity .
In a move that underscores the stylistic differences between the new crowd and the old , the Pentagon recently issued a diktat to its minions , notifying them that " this administration prefers to avoid using the term ‘ Long War ’ or ‘ Global War on Terror ’ [ GWOT ] .
Please use ‘ Overseas Contingency Operation . ’ ”
Appearances are everything to this administration , whose top guns are understandably sensitive to the charge , coming from the more principled element of the Democratic Party base , that the revolution has been betrayed .
The president ’s defenders note that none of this should come as any surprise to those who listened to what Obama actually said on the campaign trail , and they ’re right about that : he constantly charged that the Bushies had " neglected " the Afghan front and that we were fighting " the wrong war . "
Once in office , he would fix that , he vowed — and that is precisely what he is doing .
Yet one has to note that the Bushian terminology at least had the virtue of honesty .
This new crowd , which supposedly disdains all ideology and is devoted to a streamlined , hard - as - nails " pragmatism , " is slipperier than a greased - up eel in a frying pan .
" Overseas Contingency Operation " indeed !
The euphemism is comical , yet not totally meaningless .
Within it lies a hint of what the Obamaites intend , or , at least , what they say they intend .
Being sensitive barometers of the political zeitgeist , the Obamaites are perfectly aware of the war - weariness of the American people .
Even if you call it an " overseas contingency operation , " a war in these hard times is likely to grate much harder on people ’s nerves as they listen to the latest news from the Af - Pak front .
Yet to call the current war a contingency is to imply that there ’s going to be an end to it , and , not only that , but that the end is in sight , if still a decade or so off .
This , one assumes , is progress of a sort , but one has to wonder : what is the administration ’s current overseas operation contingent on ?
Or , in plain English , what event , or series of events , would cause us to declare victory and come home ?
Read the rest of the article
The Best of Justin Raimondo
Bitter , cynical , and lonely Barbara Covett ( Dame Judi Dench ) is a tough and conservative teacher , near to retirement , who is loathed by her colleagues and students .
In the loneliness of her apartment , she spends her spare time writing in her journal , taking care of her old cat Portia , and missing her special friend Jennifer Dodd .
When Sheba Hart ( Cate Blanchett ) joins the high school as the new art teacher , Barbara dedicates her attention to the newcomer , writing sharp and unpleasant comments about her behavior and clothes .
When Barbara helps Sheba in a difficult situation with two students , the grateful Sheba invites her to have lunch with her family .
Sheba introduces her husband and former professor Richard Hart ( Bill Nighy ) , who is about twenty years older than her ; her rebellious teenager daughter Polly ( Juno Temple ) ; and her son Ben ( Max Lewis ) , who has Down 's Syndrome .
Barbara becomes close to Sheba , but when she accidentally discovers that Sheba is having an affair with ...
Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
BOSTON  The New Hampshire legislature approved revisions to a same - sex marriage bill on Wednesday , and Gov. John Lynch promptly signed the legislation , making the state the sixth to let gay couples wed .
The bill had been through several permutations to satisfy Mr. Lynch and certain legislators that it would not force religious organizations that oppose same - sex marriage to participate in ceremonies celebrating it .
Some groups had feared they could be sued for refusing to allow same - sex weddings on their property .
Mr. Lynch , who previously supported civil unions but not marriage for same - sex couples , said in a statement that he had heard “ compelling arguments that a separate system is not an equal system . ”
“ Today , ” he said , “ we are standing up for the liberties of same - sex couples by making clear that they will receive the same rights , responsibilities  and respect  under New Hampshire law . ”
Key Government Websites :
Bureau of Cannabis Control ( BCC )
DPH Office of Medical Cannabis Safety
CDFA Medical Cannabis Cultivation Program
Secretary of State Cannabizfile website
CDTFA Tax Guide for Cannabis Businesses
State Water Board Cannabis Cultivation Program
As of January 1 , 2016 , new laws were enacted in California regarding medical marijuana dispensaries , cultivators , nurseries , distributors , transporters , and testing labs .
If you wish to operate a cannabis business , you should employ an attorney and also start working on gaining local support , because locals will have to license retail shops and cultivators , or at least not ban them .
Join or start a local NORML chapter .
The provision in SB 420 affording legal protection to patient collectives and cooperatives , HSC 11362.775 , ended on January 9 , 2019 .
All cannabis collectives must now be licensed , except for individual patient and caregiver gardens serving no more than five patients .
Introduction and State Law
Local Regulation
Caregivers
Collective Cultivation
Federal Law
INTRODUCTION AND STATE LAW
Under state law , the California Compassionate Use Act of 1996 ( Prop. 215 ) patients and their “ primary caregivers ” are protected from criminal prosecution under state law for personal possession and cultivation of marijuana , but NOT for distribution or sale to others .
State law was expanded in 2004 by Senate Bill 420 ( Health & Safety Code 11362.7-8 ) .
Among other things , SB 420 authorized patient cooperatives or collectives ; to grow , distribute and / or sell medical marijuana on a non-profit basis to their members .
However , those protections have gone away with the new licensing scheme in MAUCRSA and AUMA .
Hundreds of medical cannabis dispensaries , coops , collectives , and delivery services have been doing business in California since Prop. 215 and SB 420 passed .
Although many were operating in legal accordance with state and local law , the sale of medical cannabis remains strictly illegal under federal law , and the DEA has conducted scores of raids against medical cannabis businesses .
Efforts were made in the legislature by MAUCRSA and by Prop. 64 ( AUMA ) to conform with federal guidelines under which the federal government will allow cannabusinesses to operate .
Cannabis businesses must obtain state and local licenses to operate .
Three main regulatory bodies govern licensing : the Bureau of Cannabis Control ( BCC ) , which governs retailers and testing labs ; the DPH Office of Medical Cannabis Safety , which governs manufacturers ; and the CDFA Medical Cannabis Cultivation Program which governs cultivation .
Cannabis businesses are expected to file for a seller ’s permit and pay sales taxes to the Board of Equalization .
This is consistent with state law , which requires sales taxes for all medicinal herbs and drugs except those sold by a licensed pharmacist upon a doctor ’s “ prescription ” ( legally , doctors cannot “ prescribe ” marijuana , but only “ recommend ” or “ approve ” it ) .
The BOE publishes tax guidelines and a link for obtaining online sales permits .
You should first check your name availability with the Secretary of State and register your name
LOCAL REGULATION
Many cities and counties have enacted ordinances aimed at licensing or regulating cannabis businesses .
Many others have banned them altogether , or enacted moratoriums on them .
Strict zoning regulations are in effect in many localities , preventing siting near schools or too close to other dispensaries .
Other regulations that have been adopted include banning on - site consumption and limiting the quantity of marijuana that can be sold or kept on hand .
In some cases , regulations have been deliberately devised to be so strict or costly as to preclude businesses from operating .
State law AB 2650 ( Buchanan ) prohibits medical marijuana collectives from operating within 600 feet of a school as of Jan 1 , 2011 .
It covers all activities by dispensaries or other providers that have a storefront location or mobile outlet and are required to have a business license .
The bill grandfathers dispensaries that are currently allowed to operate there under existing local regulations .
Anyone planning to open a cannabis business must seek a business license and comply with local zoning regulations .
It is especially important that retail outlets be appropriately sited so as not to disturb neighbors .
Neighborhood complaints are the number one cause of police raids .
It is important that cooperatives and collectives consult local regulations before trying to set up operation .
The best sources for local regulation information are local Cal NORML attorneys and CannaRegs.com .
CAREGIVERS
A primary caregiver is narrowly defined under Prop. 215 to be “ the individual designated [ by a legal patient ] who has consistently assumed responsibility for the housing , health , or safety of that person . ”
The law does not explicitly allow patients to have multiple caregivers .
In contrast , a caregiver may serve more than one patient .
The State Supreme Court has ruled that defendants are not entitled to a caregiver defense if all they do is grow or supply medical marijuana to patients .
In the case People v. Mentch ( 2008 ) , the court ruled : “ a defendant whose caregiving consisted principally of supplying marijuana and instructing on its use , and who otherwise only sporadically took some patients to medical appointments , cannot qualify as a primary caregiver . ”
The court went on to specify : “ a defendant asserting primary caregiver status must prove at a minimum that he or she ( 1 ) consistently provided caregiving , ( 2 ) independent of any assistance in taking medical marijuana , ( 3 ) at or before the time he or she assumed responsibility for assisting with medical marijuana . ”
COLLECTIVE CULTIVATION & POSSESSION GUIDELINES
Prop 215 allows individual patients and their caregivers to possess and cultivate as much as required for the patient ’s own medical use .
Because this criterion is vague and open to differing interpretations , it is difficult for patients and police to judge beforehand whether a particular garden is legal .
All too frequently , police take a stingy interpretation of the law and bust patients or caregivers for gardens they deem excessive , thus leaving the matter to be settled in court at the defendant ’s expense .
Courts have ruled that local jurisdictions can ban all medical marijuana cultivation , and although they cannot criminalize personal cultivation , they can levy punitive fines and even place liens on property .
AUMA requires locals to allow six - plant personal gardens ( per parcel , not per person ) , but the law allows locals to drive cultivation indoors or enact “ reasonable regulations ” on them .
A recent case in Fontana helped set what is a reasonable regulation .
Under state law , medical patients or their caregivers may grow an amount required for their medical care , but there has been much backlash over doctors issuing so - called “ cultivation certificates ” for up to 99 plants ( a number arrived at to avoid the mandatory minimum federal sentence of 5 years for 100 plants ) .
The provision in SB 420 affording legal protection to patient collectives and cooperatives , HSC 11362.775 , ended on January 9 , 2019 .
All cannabis collectives must now be licensed , except for individual patient and caregiver gardens serving no more than five patients , provided no money changes hands .
FEDERAL LAW
Posssession , sale , distribution and transportation of marijuana , medical or otherwise , remain completely illegal under federal law .
Under the U.S. Controlled Substances Act ( CSA ) , marijuana is currently classified as a Schedule I drug , meaning that it has no accepted medical use .
In 2001 , the Supreme Court upheld a federal injunction ordering the Oakland Cannabis Buyers Cooperative and five other cannabis clubs to cease operations .
The court overturned a Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruling that the OCBC was entitled to a “ medical necessity ” defense for distributing marijuana to its members .
The court ruled for the government on the grounds that the CSA ; did not allow for a necessity defense for distributors , but left open the question whether individual patients might invoke a necessity defense .
The Supreme Court turned back a more fundamental challenge to federal law in 2005 , when it ruled that the CSA prohibits the private possession and cultivation of marijuana even by individual patients ( Gonzalez v Raich ) .
In particular , it reversed a ruling by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals which had found that the Congress ’ constitutional authority to regulate “ interstate commerce ” did not extend to patients who grew and possessed their own marijuana at home .
Although the Supreme Court in no way invalidated California ’s state law on medical marijuana , it affirmed the federal government ’s right to treat all marijuana as contraband .
In a subsequent case ( Raich v Gonzalez , 2007 ) , the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that patients have no constitutional right to use medical marijuana even when their lives depend on it .
In May 2009 the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear a case from San Diego and San Bernardino counties challening the state ID card program , leaving in place an appeals court ruling upholding the program .
That ruling does not overturn Raich .
As a result , medical marijuana remains completely illegal under current federal law .
The DEA raided scores of medical marijuana growers , clubs and caregivers ; in California since the enactment of Prop. 215 , until MAUCRSA and Prop. 64 established licensing rules that conformed with federal law .
Prototype PCB Assembly
Explore Electronic Circuits and Tutorials
Note :
Some circuits are in PDF format .
If you do not already have this reader installed , you can download the most current Acrobat Reader free from Adobe® Acrobat® Reader
Other ways to stay in touch
If you are working with Haskell and making iPhone apps , or if you intend to soon , please fill in your info below .
By helping each other out , we can work more productively and have more fun .
Name Contact info Haskell - fu ( 0 - 5 ) iPhone - fu ( 0 - 5 ) Have ( to share ) Need Intended iPhone apps
Conal Elliott Home , blog , wiki user , Twitter , Facebook , Linkedin , IRC : conal 5 0 Functional graphics & GUI , misc Haskell libs , design skills , iPhone basics Haskell - to - iPhone compiler , tricky iPhone stuff Interactive graphics toys
Chris Eidhof Home , Tupil , wiki user , Twitter , Linkedin , IRC : chr1s 4 3 iPhone experience , web programming experience , dependent types experience Haskell - to - iPhone compiler ( either as DSL or GHC Core -> i Phone ) Navigation - based apps ( think of things like iTunes , Facebook , etc. ) , Games ( maybe using a combination of FRP and something like arrowlets )
Daniel Peebles Home , Twitter 3 4 Extensive iPhone platform knowledge GHC cross-compiling to ARM Mach - O Nothing in particular yet
John Meacham Home , blog - - Working Haskell to iPhone compiler ( jhc ) Testers and Feedback to make cross compilation smoother .
HOC integration with jhc .
Symbolic Algebra Application , Equation Editor
Eelco Lempsink Home , Tupil , wiki user , Twitter , Linkedin , IRC : eelco 4 3 iPhone and web experience Haskell - to - iPhone with ( Cocoa Touch ) API intergration Nothing in particular , looking for a good Haskell use - case :)
Bernd Brassel Home , art2guide 5 4 Haskell experience , iPhone developer iPhone embedding into Haskell , good programmers audio- visual guiding systems
Martin Kudlvasr not exactly home , Linked In , irc : trin_cz , xmpp : trin@jabbim.cz 3 0 year of haskell experience in OpenGL and project euler iPhone basics , Haskell - to - iPhone compiler fascinated by reactive , game development
Sebastiaan Visser Projects , wiki user , Twitter 4 0 Some experience / ideas about building EDSLs .
Deep EDSL Haskell - to - ObjectiveC , high - level to target GUI / animation .
Nothing in particular yet .
Want to have objective C backend for this EDSL .
Manuel Chakravarty
Home , blog , wiki user , Twitter , LinkedIn , IRC : Chilli 5 2 Haskell EDSL & compiler know how ; Objective - C and Cocoa Touch basics Haskell tools for iphone dev games & productivity apps
Ryan Trinkle wiki user , Twitter , Facebook , LinkedIn , IRC / AIM : RyanT5000 4 3 GHC iPhone compilation ( working , to be contributed to GHC soon ) Smart people Games
Stephen Blackheath wiki user , IRC : blackh , email 4 2 Working with Ryan Trinkle to release GHC iPhone compilation Games
Simon Marlow wiki user , Twitter , IRC : JaffaCake 5 0 Happy to help with GHC porting issues : ask on #ghc
Simon Michael home , email , IRC : sm 3 1 hledger project , darcs / happstack / web dev/sysadmin experience
Max Weisel Home , Twitter , IRC : mxweas 3 5 Ample Toolchain / SDK development knowledge & experience .
Sung Yoon Home 1 4 iPhone App development Games , interactive graphics / sound apps
Jonathan Fischoff LinkedIn , Facebook , wiki user , IRC : jfischoff 1 1 Game engines .
Art asset pipelines .
Games , graphics toys
Lyndon Tremblay Home , Facebook , wiki user , Twitter , IRC : whomasect / humasect / Sitting 4 5 Experienced mac / iphone / haskell / gnu developer .
Maintaining and clean GL and AL wrappers , and cleaner ObjC integration which allows to develop Cocoa apps .
( can provide and also port to iPhone ) , and defunct Xcode haskell plugin considered to be rewritten .
Haskell - to - iPhone compiler , tricky iPhone stuff , GHCi Games , roguelike , scrolling shooter - Realtime game and procedural development visualization engines and environment , animation and music apps
Bryan Turner Home 3 3 Professional Haskell programmer , experienced mobile / embedded developer .
Experience with iPhone Safari development via HTML , XML , JS , SQL .
Native iPhone work via C , OpenGL .
Interested in connecting with other Haskell for iPhone developers .
Productivity , games , next - gen human interface .
David Terei
Twitter , user , IRC : davidt_ 4 0 GHC compiler knowledge , LLVM knowledge .
Interested in porting ghc to ARM Anything
Ivan Perez Company facebook , Linkedin , Twitter : email : ivan ( dot ) perez ( at ) keera ( dot ) co ( dot ) uk ]
4 2 Games , Applications with GUIs , several mobile applications .
Compiling Haskell for iPhone Games , apps .
Josh Website : email nerdsville ( at ) nerdsville ( dot ) net 1 0 Desire and ability to learn Experienced in Haskell who is willing to teach Undecided
Resources
GHC as a cross compiler
GHC has full support for cross compiling to iOS : See https://ghc.haskell.org/trac/ghc/wiki/Building/CrossCompiling/iOS
Jhc as a cross compiler
Jhc has full support for cross compiling to the iPhone .
Information on how to do so is in the jhc manual under Cross Compilation .
Basically , you just add the following to your ~/.jhc/targets.ini
[ iphone ] cc=arm-apple-darwin-gcc merge=le32
and then invoke jhc with the -- cross and - miphone options .
Other ways to stay in touch
Chat with us on the #haskell - iphone IRC channel on freenode .
Does anyone know how to set up channel logging ?
Yorkshireman has brain surgery ... and wakes up singing in thick Irish accent
After his brain operation , Chris Gregory woke up a new man .
An Irishman actually .
And just to be sure , to be sure , the 30 - year - old Yorkshire man sat up in his hospital bed and sang a stirring rendition of Danny Boy to his astonished fiancee .
Mr Gregory had spent three days on a life - support machine in the intensive care unit when he came round .
Seeing his bride to be he beamed and declared " It 's da broid ' in a thick Dublin accent .
For the next half hour , he amazed relatives with his broad Gaelic lilt .
But by the next day his own Yorkshire accent was back .
Phenomenon : Yorkshireman Chris Gregory shocked his wife Mary when he woke up after a brain operation and started talking and singing like an Irishman
Now totally recovered , Mr Gregory and the woman he has since married are planning to take a trip across the Irish Sea for the first time to sample the culture for real .
Payroll officer Mary Gregory , 36 , said : ' I could n’t believe it when I walked on to the ward and heard someone singing Danny Boy really loud .
It sounded like a drunken Irishman , and all the racket seemed to coming from the direction of Chris ’s bed .
' I thought to myself : " It ca n’t possibly be him … "
But when I pulled back the curtains Chris was sitting up in bed belting out the tune with all the right words and the thick Irish accent like he ’d grown up in Dublin and lived there all his life .
' All the nurses were trying really hard not to laugh , and I was too .
I just could n’t take it in at first , it seemed so comical , but it did n’t matter at all because I ’d been so worried about losing him altogether .
' Chris ’s Yorkshire accent had vanished completely , and he was talking like an Irishman all the time .
' At one point he looked at me adoringly and said : " You ’re da fabbest gal oi know ! ! " with a perfect Irish lilt in his voice .
' It sounded crazy , but I did n’t care .
It was just great to have him back in one piece after such a traumatic time . '
Mr Gregory , who had the emergency surgery at Sheffield ’s Royal Hallamshire Hospital in December 2007 after a blood vessel ruptured in his brain , was born and bred in the city and has no Irish links .
' The difference was amazing .
His accent was just like it had been before , ' Mrs Gregory said .
' Chris looked totally confused when I reminded him about singing Danny Boy and speaking like an Irishman .
He could n’t remember a thing about it , and he still ca n’t now .
' It ’s not as if Chris has any Irish relatives .
He ’s no connection with the country and he ’s never been there - that ’s what makes it all so strange . '
Mr Gregory , who is now back at work , said : ' I just do n’t remember a thing about it - I wish I ’d been able to listen to it all , but I do n’t have any recollection of what happened when I came round .
' I ’ve told Mary that she should have videoed me .
At least then I could have sat back and watched myself singing Danny Boy . '
Specialists have linked the phenomenon to a condition called Foreign Accent Syndrome - which can affect the control of the lips , tongue and vocal cords in extremely rare neurological cases .
The syndrome was first discovered in Norway in 1941 when a young woman - who ’d been in injured in a bombing raid - woke up speaking with a German accent .
Geordie Linda Walker , 60 , made headlines in 2006 when she began talking with a strong Jamaican accent after a stroke .
Czech speedway rider Matej Kus came round speaking perfect English with a posh twang after he was knocked unconscious in 2007 while racing for Berwick Bandits in a league fixture at Glasgow Tigers .
The 18 - year - old sounded like a newsreader at first - but lost the ability to speak English altogether a few days later .
A Two - State Solution Requires Fixing Both States
As attention remains riveted on Iran , readers should not miss two important pieces on the Israel - Palestine front .
The first is Tony Judt ’s blockbuster op - ed from today ’s New York Times , which demolishes most of the myths about Israel ’s " settlements " and calls them — all of them — what they are : illegal .
My only difference with Judt ’s analysis — and it is a minor one — is his suggestion that Israeli leaders have repeatedly " hoodwinked " American officials about the nature of the settlement enterprise .
That may be true of George W. Bush , who seemed to accept Ariel Sharon ’s world - view rather uncritically , but it ’s not true of most of Bush ’s predecessors .
Every U.S. president since Lyndon Johnson formally opposed the creation of settlements , and some administrations ( e.g. , Richard Nixon ’s ) also referred to them as contrary to international law .
And even George W. Bush repeatedly called on Israel to stop expanding the settlements , to little avail , of course .
The real problem has been that no president has been able to put sustained pressure on Israel to stop building settlements , because to do so would trigger reflexive opposition from AIPAC and the other hard - line elements in the Israel lobby .
Jimmy Carter and George H. W. Bush both took on the lobby and were able to make some modest progress , but both paid a significant price for doing so .
Subsequent U.S. presidents have effectively sub-contracted their Middle East policy to individuals ( e.g. , Dennis Ross and Martin Indyk under Clinton and Elliott Abrams under Bush ) who were connected to key groups in the lobby and personally opposed to putting any pressure on Israel , so it ’s hardly surprising that settlement expansion continued even though it was contrary to official U.S. policy .
Moreover , as the Washington Post recently reported , the State Department issued an opinion in 1979 that the settlements were " inconsistent with international law . "
That opinion , the Post reports , " has never been revoked or revised . "
But it has been ignored .
The result of all this , as Judt makes clear , has been to " create facts " that make a two - state solution increasingly difficult — and maybe impossible — to achieve .
But do n’t forget former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert ’s warning : " If the two - state solution collapses , Israel will face a South African style struggle for political rights . "
If Israel continues on its present trajectory , in other words , it will become an apartheid state .
And once that happens , Olmert said , " The state of Israel is finished . "
By turning a blind eye towards the settlement project for decades , in short , Israel ’s so - called " friends " helped pave the road to a very bleak future .
Judt will undoubtedly receive the usual denunciations from hardliners committed to defending the status quo ; we can expect the usual retorts in the letters ’ section from Abe Foxman of the ADL or David Harris of the AJC .
But anyone with a genuine commitment to Israel ’s future should welcome his honest and eloquent piece .
And the Times deserves credit for running it .
The second piece is a terrific commentary by Helena Cobban on the internal paralysis within the Palestinian national movement , and especially the current weakness of Fatah .
Most people already know that Fatah and Hamas are bitter enemies , and that this rift is an obstacle to peace .
But Cobban shows that the problems are in fact deeper than that , and will require sustained attention to repair .
The dysfunctional nature of current Palestinian leadership has many origins , and lots of different groups bear responsibility for it .
As Rashid Khalid documents in The Iron Cage , the British did their best to decapitate the Palestinian Arab community during the 1936 - 1939 Arab revolt , and the expulsion of the Palestinians at the hands of the Zionists / Israelis in 1948 further decimated and divided the community .
The Arab states subsequently reinforced these divisions by backing competing Palestinian factions in order to advance their own selfish interests .
Key PLO leaders — including Yasser Arafat — made serious blunders themselves .
Israel also did its best to reinforce Palestinian disunity by aiding Hamas in the late 1980s and by arresting or assassinating Palestinian leaders , and especially anyone who looked like they might be legitimate leader and capable foe .
Given the various forces that have worked to keep the Palestinians weak and divided , it would be shocking if their leadership were not problematic .
But if our goal is peace , then we need strong and legitimate leaders on both sides .
It follows that if Israel wants a durable peace , it has an interest in doing everything it can to strengthen Palestinian leaders .
As Barack Obama clearly understands , halting settlement expansion and removing the hundreds of checkpoints that are strangling Palestinian daily life would be an important step in both symbolic and practical terms .
Agreement on the basic principles of a two - state solution — starting with an agreement on borders — would strengthen moderate leaders and force Hamas to choose between being part of the peace process or being increasingly irrelevant to the Palestinian future .
Today , Israel ’s long - term interests are advanced not by encouraging division and rancor on the other side but by helping foster a greater sense of national unity and the creation of strong and effective Palestinian institutions .
The multinational effort to train Palestinian security forces ( under the leadership of U.S. general Keith Dayton ) is a step in the right direction , but it will only succeed if viable statehood in the near future is a realistic possibility .
When making war , it is good to face an adversary who is weak and divided .
But when it comes time to make peace , it is best if one ’s former foe is competent , legitimate , efficient , and able to live up to its commitments .
Convincing Israelis of that radical but rather obvious idea will be one of Barack Obama ’s most important tasks .
Encrypt - then -MAC
I posted here two weeks ago providing some guidelines on using cryptography ; over the following few days , I was surprised to find that out of the 11 recommendations I made , the most controversial one was my recommendation for securing data by applying AES in CTR mode and then appending an HMAC .
Many people suggested that I should instead recommend the use of AES in a block mode which provides both encryption and authentication , such as GCM , CCM , CWC , or EAX , and I explained some of my reasons for eschewing those options on a variety of fora around the internet ; but rather than have all of my arguments scattered around the internet , I think it makes sense to provide a more detailed explanation of my reasoning for recommending AES - CTR + HMAC here .
First things first :
Why use a composition of encryption and MAC instead of a single primitive which achieves both ?
Because people are very good at writing bad code .
In my experience on the FreeBSD security team , writing dozens of security advisories , there are three types of code which are especially prone to have bugs :
New code , complicated code , and rarely - used code .
Authenticated encryption schemes fall into all three of these categories , while separate encryption and authentication functions fall into none .
It 's far easier to make a mistake in implementing AES - CWC than in implementing AES - CTR or HMAC - SHA256 ; much less likely that testing will uncover such mistakes ; and there has been far less time for testing to even have a chance .
Of course , most people will not be implementing these cryptographic routines themselves -- most people will use a pre-existing library like OpenSSL -- but this does not invalidate the point :
Open source libraries have bugs , too .
Having decided to use a composition of separate encryption and authentication primitives , there remain several options .
The three most widely used are
Encrypt-and - MAC :
The ciphertext is generated by encrypting the plaintext and then appending a MAC of the plaintext .
This is approximately how SSH works .
MAC - then - encrypt :
The ciphertext is generated by appending a MAC to the plaintext and then encrypting everything .
This is approximately how SSL works .
Encrypt - then - MAC :
The ciphertext is generated by encrypting the plaintext and then appending a MAC of the encrypted plaintext .
This is approximately how IPSEC works .
Of these three , only Encrypt - then - MAC is provably secure , in the sense of guaranteeing INT - CTXT ( integrity of ciphertexts -- it 's unfeasible for an attacker to construct a valid ciphertext other than those which he convinces the key holder to generate ) and IND - CCA2 ( indistinguishability under adaptive chosen ciphertext attack -- given a ciphertext , it 's unfeasible for an attacker to figure out which of two plaintexts it corresponds to , even if he can convince the key holder to decrypt arbitrary messages other than the challenge ciphertext ) given secure Encrypt and MAC functions ( IND - CPA and strongly unforgeable , respectively ) .
Now , the fact that Encrypt - and - MAC and MAC - then - encrypt are n't provably secure does n't mean that they are automatically insecure -- it depends on how you use them and the characteristics of the underlying Encrypt and MAC functions -- but there have been a number of vulnerabilities in the past relating to these constructions , whereas Encrypt - then - MAC is essentially impossible to get cryptologically wrong .
Encrypt - then - MAC has another even more important benefit :
When decoding data , you can verify the MAC and discard inauthentic packets without ever decrypting anything .
This is useful for two reasons :
First , it makes a denial of service attack much harder , since it allows you to discard forged packets faster ; and second , it reduces your " attack surface " .
One of the most important rules of computer security is that every line of code is a potential security flaw ; if you can make sure that an attacker who does n't have access to your MAC key can't ever feed evil input to a block of code , however , you dramatically reduce the chance that he will be able to exploit any bugs .
( At one point in my Tarsnap online backup system , I include an " unnecessary " HMAC in order to prevent an attacker from feeding evil input to a data decompression library -- the decompressed data gets verified later anyway , but adding an extra HMAC which is verified before decompression helps to protect against any vulnerabilities in the decompression libary . )
This also ties in to why I recommend using CTR mode for encryption , and another reason to avoid using primitives like EAX which combine encryption and authentication :
In CTR mode , you avoid passing attacker - provided data to the block cipher ( with the possible exception of the nonce which forms part of each block ) .
This reduces the attack surface even further : Using CTR mode , an attacker cannot execute a chosen - ciphertext ( or chosen - plaintext ) attack against your block cipher , even if ( in the case of Encrypt - then - MAC ) he can correctly forge the MAC ( say , if he stole the MAC key but does n't have the Encrypt key ) .
Is this an attack scenario worth considering ?
Absolutely -- the side channel attacks published by Bernstein ( exploiting a combination of cache and microarchitectural characteristics ) and Osvik , Shamir , and Tromer ( exploiting cache collisions ) rely on gaining statistical data based on a large number of random tests , and it appears unlikely that such attacks would be feasible in a context where an attacker could not provide a chosen input .
Are there situations where I would not use CTR - then - MAC ?
Of course ; there are always exceptional situations .
On tiny hardware systems , it may be preferable to use EAX mode , since that can be implemented with only a block cipher circuit rather than requiring a block cipher circuit AND a hash circuit ; similarly , in applications requiring extremely high performance hardware , it may be preferable to use CWC mode , since it allows both encryption and authentication to be parallelized very effectively ; and if software performance is absolutely critical , it may be preferable to use OCB , since it is a " one-pass " authenticated encryption primitive and is thus faster than composing separate encryption and authentication primitives .
However , for software running on general - purpose computers and sending data over the Internet -- which I imagine covers the vast majority of what my readers are doing with cryptography -- there is no need for these specialized constructions .
I 'll conclude with a philosophical note about software design : Assessing the security of software via the question " can we find any security flaws in it ? " is like assessing the structure of a bridge by asking the question " has it collapsed yet ? " -- it is the most important question , to be certain , but it also profoundly misses the point .
Engineers design bridges with built - in safety margins in order to guard against unforeseen circumstances ( unexpectedly high winds , corrosion causing joints to weaken , a traffic accident severing support cables , et cetera ) ; secure software should likewise be designed to tolerate failures within individual components .
Using a MAC to make sure that an attacker cannot exploit a bug ( or a side channel ) in encryption code is an example of this approach :
If everything works as designed , this adds nothing to the security of the system ; but in the real world where components fail , it can mean the difference between being compromised or not .
The concept of " security in depth " is not new to network administators ; but it 's time for software engineers to start applying the same engineering principles within individual applications as well .
Disqus
Source : 2008 Senate campaign website , www.AlFranken.com, “ Issues ” , Mar 9 , 2008
Universal health care as soon as possible
Source : 2008 Senate campaign website , www.AlFranken.com, “ Issues ” , Mar 9 , 2008
Root cause of many problems is no access to healthcare
America has spent a far higher fraction of its income on health care than any other industrialized country , but got far less in return .
It was n't that Americans did n't WANT universal health care .
For decades opinion polls had showed that large majorities of Americans supported it .
But since the 1940s , every time universal health care had been proposed , the special interests -- the drug companies , the insurance companies , the for - profit hospitals -- had killed it .
1994 : Wrote spoof ads for Hillary defending health reforms
For the Gridiron Dinner , comedian Al Franken wrote a script .
Bill and I were seated on a sofa , examining a massive sheaf of papers .
Me : I 've just read the Clinton health security plan .
Bill : Health care reform sounds like a great idea to me .
Me : Well , I know , but some of these details sure scare the heck out of me .
Bill : Like what ?
Me : Like for example , it says here on page 3,764 that under the Clinton health security plan , we could get sick .
Bill :
That 's terrible .
Me : Well , I know .
And look at this , it gets worse .
On page 12,743 -- no , I get that wrong -- on page 27,655 , it says that eventually we 're all going to die .
Bill :
You mean after Bill & Hillary put all those bureaucrats and taxes on us , we 're still going to die ?
Together :
There 's got to be a better way .
Announcer : " Paid for by the Coalition to Scare Your Pants Off . "
Voted NO on the Ryan Budget : Medicare choice , tax & spending cuts .
[ Sen. DeMint , R- SC ] : The Democrats have Medicare on a course of bankruptcy .
Republicans are trying to save Medicare & make sure there are options for seniors in the future .
Medicare will not be there 5 or 10 years from now .
Doctors will not see Medicare patients at the rate [ Congress will ] pay .
[ Sen. Ayotte , R- NH ] :
We have 3 choices when it comes to addressing rising health care costs in Medicare .
We can do nothing & watch the program go bankrupt in 2024 .
We can go forward with the President 's proposal to ration care through an unelected board of 15 bureaucrats .
Or we can show real leadership & strengthen the program to make it solvent for current beneficiaries , and allow future beneficiaries to make choices .
Opponent 's Arguments for voting No :
[ Sen. Conrad , D - ND ] :
In the House Republican budget plan , the first thing they do is cut $ 4 trillion in revenue over the next 10 years .
For the wealthiest among us , they give them an additional $ 1 trillion in tax reductions .
To offset these massive new tax cuts , they have decided to shred the social safety net .
They have decided to shred Medicare .
They have decided to shred program after program so they can give more tax cuts to those who are the wealthiest among us .
[ Sen. Merkley , D - TK ] :
The Republicans chose to end Medicare as we know it .
The Republican plan reopens the doughnut hole .
That is the hole into which seniors fall when , after they have some assistance with the first drugs they need , they get no assistance until they reach a catastrophic level .
It is in that hole that seniors have had their finances devastated .
We fixed it .
Republicans want to unfix it and throw seniors back into the abyss .
Then , instead of guaranteeing Medicare coverage for a fixed set of benefits for every senior -- as Medicare does now -- the Republican plan gives seniors a coupon and says : Good luck .
Go buy your insurance .
If the insurance goes up , too bad .
Status : Failed 40 - 57
Reference : Ryan Budget Plan ; Bill HCR34&SCR21 ; vote number 11 - SV077 on May 25 , 2011
Increase funding for occupational & physical therapy .
Medicare Access to Rehabilitation Services
Act of 2011 - Amends title XVIII ( Medicare ) of the Social Security Act to repeal the cap on outpatient physical therapy , speech - language pathology , and occupational therapy services of the type furnished by a physician or as an incident to physicians ' services .
SEC .
2 . OUTPATIENT THERAPY CAP REPEAL .
Section 1833 of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1395 ( l ) ) is amended by striking subsection ( g ) .
[ Explanatory note from Wikipedia.com " Therapy Cap " ] :
In 1997 Congress established per-person Medicare spending limits , or " therapy cap " for nonhospital outpatient therapy , but responding to concerns that some people with Medicare need extensive services , it has since placed temporary moratoriums on the caps .
The therapy cap is a combined $ 1,810 Medicare cap for physical therapy and speech language pathology , and a separate $ 1,810 cap for occupational therapy ( $ 1870 for 2011 ) .
Medicare patients requiring rehabilitation from disabilities , car accidents , hip injuries , stroke , and other ailments would be limited to roughly two months worth of treatments at an outpatient therapy clinic .
Any patients that exceed the cap , whether they are healed or not , would have to stop therapy , or pay for the therapy services out of their own pocket .
Several medical associations have lobbied against therapy caps because the bill inadvertently restricted disabled seniors , stroke patients , and other severe cases from receiving therapy treatments .
Source : HR.1546&S829 11-S0829 on Apr 14 , 2011
Merge Alzheimers diagnosis and care benefit .
Congressional Summary : The purpose of this Act is to increase diagnosis of Alzheimer 's disease and related dementias , leading to better care and outcomes for Americans living with Alzheimer 's disease and related dementias .
Congress makes the following findings :
As many as half of the estimated 5.2 million Americans with Alzheimer 's disease have never received a diagnosis .
An early and documented diagnosis and access to care planning services leads to better outcomes for individuals with Alzheimer 's disease .
Combining the existing Medicare benefits of a diagnostic evaluation and care planning into a single package of services would help ensure that individuals receive an appropriate diagnosis as well as critical information about the disease and available care options .
Proponent 's argument for bill : ( The Alzheimer 's Association , alz.org ) .
The " Health Outcomes , Planning , and Education ( HOPE ) for Alzheimer 's Act " ( S.709 /H.R. 1507 ) is one of the Alzheimer 's Association 's top federal priorities for the 113th Congress .
The HOPE for Alzheimer 's
Act would improve diagnosis of Alzheimer 's diseas
Source : S.709/H.R. 1507 13-S0709 on Apr 11 , 2013
Keep ObamaCare 's prevention , treatment , & recovery services .
Excerpts from Letter from 20 Senators to President Trump : Repealing the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) with no clear plan for replacement will substantially worsen the opioid epidemic .
Last year , Congress took important steps to address this national public health crisis , enacting two bipartisan laws to address the opioid epidemic and reform the way our health system treats mental health and substance use disorders .
The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act improved access to substance use disorder prevention , treatment , and recovery services .
It promoted the use of best practices when prescribing opioid pain - killers , strengthening state prescription drug monitoring programs , and expanding access to the life - saving drug naloxone .
The 21st Century Cures
Act also included critical mental health and substance use disorder reforms , strengthening enforcement of mental health parity laws , promoting the integration of physical and mental health care .
Most importantly , the 21st Century Cures
Act dedicated $ 1 billion in new grant funding , which will be essential to helping states provide prevention , treatment , and recovery services to patients
These bipartisan advances will be fundamentally undermined by repeal of the ACA .
Opposing argument : ( Warren , D- MA , in StatNews.com , 11/28/2016 ) : Senator Elizabeth Warren railed against the 21st Century Cures , saying the bill had been " hijacked " by the pharmaceutical industry .
" I can not vote for this bill , '' Warren said .
" I will fight it because I know the difference between compromise and extortion . "
The current legislation includes $ 500 million for the FDA , well below the amount Democrats had sought .
Warren and Washington Senator Patty Murray have long argued that they would only support Cures legislation that included significant investment in basic medical research .
While Warren said she supported many of the provisions , she called others " huge giveaways " to the drug industry .
Source : Letter Regarding Fighting the Opioid Crisis 17LTR - ACA on Feb 3 , 2017
Disclose payments from manufacturers to physicians .
An amendment to provide for transparency in the relationship between physicians and applicable manufacturers with respect to payments and other transfers of value and physician ownership or investment interests in manufacturers .
Requires any manufacturer of a covered drug , device , biological , or medical supply that makes a payment or another transfer of value to a physician , a physician medical practice , or a physician group practice to report annually , in electronic form , specified information on such transactions to the Secretary of Health and Human Services .
Requires any such manufacturer , or related group purchasing organization , also to report annually to the Secretary , in electronic form , certain information regarding any ownership or investment interest ( other than in a publicly traded security and mutual fund ) held by a physician ( or an immediate family member ) in the manufacturer or group purchasing organization during the preceding year .
Prescribes administrative penalties for failure to comply with these requirements .
Requires report submission procedures to ensure public availability of required information on a website .
Source : S.301&HR.3138 2009 - S301 on Jan 22 , 2009
Search for ...
X
Page last updated : Jun 03 , 2018
hey , I think I used to work for him !
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Commentary by Patrick Goggin
March 2 , 2009
After staring down the barrel at California ’s $ 43 billion budget deficit for the past several months , rookie San Francisco Assemblyman Tom Ammiano last week introduced legislation to legalize and tax marijuana .
A self - described “ martini guy , ” Ammiano rightfully identifies California and the nation ’s number - one cash crop as a great revenue generator during a time when : “ We ’re all jonesing now for money . ”
The time appears near for legalizing and regulating cannabis in all its forms and uses .
Seventy - two years ago during the nation ’s last great economic crisis , Harry Anslinger , as Commissioner of the Federal Bureau of Narcotics , led the charge to replace alcohol prohibition with cannabis when FDR signed into law the Marihuana Tax Act of 1937 .
Tragically , this Act also led to the demise of the highly versatile industrial cannabis crop , aka hemp , with the last known legal US hemp crop farmed in Wisconsin in 1957 .
Today , science has increasingly shown the incredible value of the species Cannabis Sativa L. which can be used as a medicine , in food , in textiles , building materials , and as an energy source .
But , for years , we mostly heard it stigmatized as a “ gateway drug . ”
Yet cannabis is no more of a gateway drug than alcohol , tobacco , or sugar — and studies have shown it is far less harmful than these when used recreationally .
Indeed , the time has come for a more sensible drug policy and Ammiano ’s legalization bill is a great first step .
The opposition will no doubt be fierce .
John Lovell , a zealous lobbyist for the California Narcotics Officers Association and myriad other state law enforcement agencies , rarely meets defeat in opposing legislation , and you know he ’s on this like flies on… .
From 2005 - 07 , I experienced first - hand going up against Lovell .
On behalf of the hemp industry , I helped shepherd then Assemblyman Mark Leno ’s hemp legalization bills through the legislature only to watch them unceremoniously vetoed twice by Lovell ’s buddy Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger .
While 2009 is no comparison economically to 2007 , legalizing all forms of cannabis is much less innocuous than legalizing hemp .
Handled adeptly , Ammiano ’s foray just might pay off , and in multiple ways .
Just take a look at the projected numbers .
By some reasonable accounts , if this legislation becomes law the state would save $ 1.7 billion annually by eliminating cannabis enforcement and incarceration while generating $ 1 billion annually from taxation .
Add in the revenues and jobs generated from industrial cannabis farming and manufacturing , Â and the bill would seem to have legs .
In fact , Ammiano is already garnering support from the right .
Build a large enough coalition , Ammiano , and this bill will be formidable .
Back in the 70s , Schwarzenegger enjoyed smoking his cannabis .
Yet he conveniently forgot his affinity for the plant when vetoing the hemp bills .
Later this year , redemption might be in the offing if Ammiano is successful in moving his timely legislation through the legislature to the Governor ’s desk .
To do so , he will need to shake loose the grip of Lovell and the old drug warriors .
Read the tea leaves Arnold : the cannabis plant ’s time has come .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Kindly terminate Ansliger and Lovell ’s tired zealotry in California thereby returning rationality to our drug and agriculture policy .
Â Sign Ammiano ’s bill , Governor , and help end the cannabis prohibition now .
Leading International Chemical Suppliers
Norkem are a leading international chemical supplier and distributor and our Head Office is based in Knutsford , Cheshire in the UK .
We source and stock the highest quality speciality and industrial chemicals with offices in many parts of the world and are active across six continents .
We obtain and supply chemicals for a broad spectrum of uses ; including the agrochemical , animal feed , food and drink , industrial , and pharmaceutical industries .
We also produce a range of suspensions and stains which are primarily used in the brick and building industries .
Our products can be supplied in various types and sizes of packaging , including bulk deliveries .
Due to our global reach as a chemical distributor , we are effectively able to minimise both the lead and delivery times to expedite supply to our customers .
At Norkem , we pride ourselves upon our excellent industry knowledge , our highly experienced and professional sales teams fully understand the products and markets in which we work .
This expertise means that we are perfectly placed to assist with your enquiries and requirements .
We have excellent long - standing relationships with fully - accredited suppliers and you can depend on us to reliably source the chemicals that you need at a competitive price .
For further security , we keep a very close eye on the chemical supply pipelines and have contingency plans in place to ensure the continuity of supply in our endeavour not to let our customers down .
As a chemical supplier , Norkem is firmly committed to meeting the highest environmental and health and safety standards .
We are also thoroughly dedicated to working towards a more sustainable future for the chemical distribution industry .
If you would like any further information or assistance , please do not hesitate to contact us .
You will find our full contact details available here on our website and a member of staff from one of our sales teams will be only too pleased to help you .
Contact us now .
TEHRAN  The Iranian police commander , in green uniform , walked up Komak Hospital Alley with arms raised and his small unit at his side .
“ I swear to God , ” he shouted at the protesters facing him , “ I have children , I have a wife , I do n’t want to beat people .
Please go home . ”
A man at my side threw a rock at him .
The commander , unflinching , continued to plead .
There were chants of “ Join us ! Join us ! ”
The unit retreated toward Revolution Street , where vast crowds eddied back and forth confronted by baton - wielding Basij militia and black - clad riot police officers on motorbikes .
Dark smoke billowed over this vast city in the late afternoon .
Motorbikes were set on fire , sending bursts of bright flame skyward .
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the supreme leader , had used his Friday sermon to declare high noon in Tehran , warning of “ bloodshed and chaos ” if protests over a disputed election persisted .
He got both on Saturday  and saw the hitherto sacrosanct authority of his office challenged as never before since the 1979 revolution birthed the Islamic Republic and conceived for it a leadership post standing at the very flank of the Prophet .
A multitude of Iranians took their fight through a holy breach on Saturday from which there appears to be scant turning back .
First the cop screamed abuse at Mir Hossein Mousavi 's supporter , a white - shirted youth with a straggling beard and unkempt hair .
Then he smashed his baton into the young man 's face .
Then he kicked him viciously in the testicles .
It was the same all the way down to Vali Asr Square .
Riot police in black rubber body armour and black helmets and black riot sticks , most on foot but followed by a flying column of security men , all on brand new , bright red Honda motorcycles , tearing into the shrieking youths – hundreds of them , running for their lives .
They did not accept the results of Iran 's presidential elections .
They did not believe that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had won 62.6 per cent of the votes .
And they paid the price .
" Death to the dictator , " they were crying on Dr Fatimi Street , now thousands of them shouting abuse at the police .
Were they to endure another four years of the smiling , avuncular , ever - so - humble President who swears by democracy while steadily thinning out human freedoms in the Islamic Republic ?
They were wrong , of course .
Ahmadinejad really does love democracy .
But he also loves dictatorial order .
He is not a dictator .
He is a Democrator .
Yesterday was n't the time for the finer points of Iranian politics .
That Mir Hossein Mousavi had been awarded a mere 33 per cent of the votes – by midday , the figure was humiliatingly brought down to 32.26 per cent – brought forth the inevitable claims of massive electoral fraud and vote - rigging .
Or , as the crowd round Fatimi Square chorused as they danced in a circle in the street : " Zionist Ahmadinejad – cheating at exams . "
That 's when I noticed that the police always treated the protesters in the same way .
Head and testicles .
It was an easy message to understand .
A smash in the face , a kick in the balls and Long Live the Democrator .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Many of the protesters – some of them now wearing scarves over their faces , all coloured green , the colour of Mousavi 's campaign – were trying to reach the Interior Ministry where the government 's electoral council were busy counting ( or miscounting , depending on your point of view ) Friday 's huge popular national vote .
I descended into the basement of this fiercely ugly edifice – fittingly , it was once the headquarters of the Shah 's party , complete with helipad on the roof – where cold chocolate lattes and strawberry fruitcake were on offer to journalists , and where were displayed the very latest poll results , put up at 10.56 am Iranian time .
Eighty per cent of the votes had been counted and the results came up as Ahmadinejad 64.78 per cent ; Mousavi 32.26 per cent ; Mohsen Rezai ( a former Revolutionary Guard commander ) 2.08 per cent ; and Mehdi Karoubi ( a former parliament speaker ) a miserable 0.89 per cent .
How could this be , a man asked me on a scorching , dangerous street an hour later .
Karoubi's party has at least 400,000 members .
Were they all sleeping on Friday ?
There were a few , sparse demonstrators out for the Democrator , all men , of course , and many of them draped in the Iranian flag because the Democrator – devout Muslim as he always displays himself – wrapped his election campaign in the national flag .
Each of these burly individuals handed out free copies of the execrable four - page news - sheet Iran .
" Ahmadinejad , " the headline read , " 24 million votes .
People vote for Success , Honesty and the Battle against Corruption . "
Not the obvious headline that comes to mind .
But Mousavi's Green
Word newspaper allegedly had its own headline dictated to it by the authorities – before they shut it down yesterday : " Happy Victory to the People . "
And you can't get more neutral than that .
Back on the streets , there were now worse scenes .
The cops had dismounted from their bikes and were breaking up paving stones to hurl at the protesters , many of them now riding their own motorbikes between the rows of police .
I saw one immensely tall man – dressed Batman - style in black rubber arm protectors and shin pads , smashing up paving stones with his baton , breaking them with his boots and chucking them pell mell at the Mousavi men .
A middle - aged woman walked up to him – the women were braver in confronting the police than the men yesterday – and shouted an obvious question : " Why are you breaking up the pavements of our city ? "
The policeman raised his baton to strike the woman but an officer ran across the road and stood between them .
" You must never hit a woman , " he said .
Praise where praise is due , even in a riot .
But the policemen went on breaking up stones , a crazy reverse version of France in May 1968 .
Then it was the young men who wanted revolution who threw stones .
In Tehran – fearful of a green Mousavi revolution – it was the police who threw stones .
An interval here for lunch with a true and faithful friend of the Islamic Republic , a man I have known for many years who has risked his life and been imprisoned for Iran and who has never lied to me .
We dined in an all - Iranian - food restaurant , along with his wife .
He has often criticised the regime .
A man unafraid .
But I must repeat what he said .
" The election figures are correct , Robert .
Whatever you saw in Tehran , in the cities and in thousands of towns outside , they voted overwhelmingly for Ahmadinejad .
Tabriz voted 80 per cent for Ahmadinejad .
It was he who opened university courses there for the Azeri people to learn and win degrees in Azeri .
In Mashad , the second city of Iran , there was a huge majority for Ahmadinejad after the imam of the great mosque attacked Rafsanjani of the Expediency Council who had started to ally himself with Mousavi .
They knew what that meant : they had to vote for Ahmadinejad . "
My guest and I drank dookh , the cool Iranian drinking yoghurt so popular here .
The streets of Tehran were a thousand miles away .
" You know why so many poorer women voted for Ahmadinejad ?
There are three million of them who make carpets in their homes .
They had no insurance .
When Ahmadinejad realised this , he immediately brought in a law to give them full insurance .
Ahmadinejad 's supporters were very shrewd .
They got the people out in huge numbers to vote – and then presented this into their vote for Ahmadinejad . "
But of course , the streets of Tehran were only a hundred metres away .
And the police were now far more abusive to their adversaries .
My own Persian translator was beaten three times on the back .
The cops had brought their own photographers on to the pavements to take pictures of the protesters – hence the green scarves – and overfed plain - clothes men were now mixing with the Batmen .
The Democrator was obviously displeased .
One of the agents demanded to see my pass but when I showed my Iranian press card to him , he merely patted me on the shoulder and waved me through .
Thus did I arrive opposite the Interior Ministry as the police brought their prisoners back from the front line down the road .
The first was a green - pullovered youth of perhaps 15 or 16 who was frog - marched by two uniformed paramilitary police to a van with a cage over the back .
He was thrown on the steel floor , then one of the cops climbed in and set about him with his baton .
Behind me , more than 20 policemen , sweating after a hard morning 's work bruising the bones of their enemies , were sitting on the steps of a shop , munching through pre-packed luncheon boxes .
One smiled and offered me a share .
Politely declined , I need hardly add .
They watched – and I watched – as the next unfortunate was brought to the cage - van .
In a shirt falling over his filthy trousers , he was beaten outside the vehicle , kicked in the balls , and then beaten on to a seat at the back of the vehicle .
Another cop climbed in and began batoning him in the face .
The man was howling with pain .
Another cop came – and this , remember , was in front of dozens of other security men , in front of myself , an obvious Westerner , and many women in chadors who were walking on the opposite pavement , all staring in horror at the scene .
Now another policeman , in an army uniform , climbed into the vehicle , tied the man 's hands behind his back with plastic handcuffs , took out his baton and whacked him across the face .
The prisoner was in tears but the blows kept coming ; until more young men arrived for their torment .
Then more police vans arrived and ever more prisoners to be beaten .
All were taken in these caged trucks to the basement of the Interior Ministry .
I saw them drive in .
A break now from these outrages , because this was about the moment that Mousavi 's printed statement arrived at his campaign headquarters .
I say " arrived " , although the police had already closed his downtown office – Palestine Street , it was called , only fitting since the Iranian police were behaving in exactly the same way as the Israeli army when they turn into a rabble to confront Palestinian protesters – and Mousavi 's men could only toss the sheets of paper over the wall .
It was strong stuff .
" The results of these elections are shocking , " he proclaimed .
" People who stood in the voting lines , they know the situation , they know who they voted for .
They are looking now with astonishment at this magic game of the authorities on the television and radio .
What has happened has shaken the whole foundation of the Islamic Republic of Iran and now it is governing by lies and dictatorship .
I recommend to the authorities to stop this at once and return to law and order , to care for the people 's votes .
The first message of our revolution is that people are intelligent and will not obey those who gain power by cheating .
This whole land of Iran belongs to them and not to the cheaters . "
Mousavi's head office in Qeitariyeh Street in north Tehran had already been besieged by the Democrator 's loyal " Basiji " volunteers a few hours earlier .
They had chucked tear gas at the windows .
They were still smouldering when I arrived .
" Please go or they will come back , " one of his supporters pleaded to me .
It was the same all over the city .
The opposition either asked you to leave or invited you to watch them as they tormented the police .
The Democrator 's men , waving their Iranian flags , faced off Mousavi 's men .
Then , through their ranks , came the armed cops again , running towards the opposition .
So whose side were the police really on ?
Rule number one : never ask stupid questions in Iran .
Last night , all SMS calls were blocked .
The Iranian news agency announced that , since there would be no second round of elections , there would be no extension of visas for foreign journalists – one can well see why – and so many of the people who were praised by the government for their patriotism in voting on Friday were assaulted by their own government on Saturday .
Last night , the Democrator was still silent , but his ever - grinning face turned up on the posters of his supporters .
There were more baton charges , ever greater crowds running from them .
Thus was the courage of Friday 's Iranian elections turned into fratricidal battles on the streets of Tehran .
" Any rallies , " announced the Tehran police chief , General Ahmad Reza Radan , " will be dealt with according to the law . "
Well , we all know what that means .
So does the Democrator .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is the blacksmith 's son and former Revolutionary Guard , who , since his surprise victory four years ago , has seemingly gone out of his way to play bogeyman to the US .
In his first term in office , Mr Ahmadinejad became known for his fierce rhetoric against America and Israel , his proud promotion of Iran 's nuclear programme and persistent questioning of the Holocaust .
In Iran , he benefited from a surge in petrodollar revenues and has distributed loans , money and other help on his frequent provincial tours .
But critics say his free spending fuelled inflation and wasted windfall oil revenues without reducing unemployment .
Prices of basics have risen sharply , hitting more than 15 million Iranian families who live on less than $ 600 a month .
He blamed the inflation , which officially stands at 15 per cent , on a global surge in food and fuel prices that peaked last year , and pursued unorthodox policies such as trying to curb prices while setting interest rates well below inflation .
During the campaign , in a series of bitter TV debates with his three rivals , he was repeatedly accused of lying about the extent of price rises .
Mir Hossein Mousavi also accused Mr Ahmadinejad , 53 , of undermining Iran 's foreign relations with his fiery anti-Western speeches and said Iranians had been " humiliated around the globe " since he was first elected .
During Mr Ahmadinejad 's first term , the UN Security Council imposed three sets of sanctions on Iran over its nuclear programme , which the West suspects has military aims .
Mr Ahmadinejad , the first non-clerical president in more than 25 years , basks in the support of Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who called on Iranians to vote for an anti-Western candidate .
The Ayatollah ultimately calls the shots in Iran , where the president can only influence policy , not decide it .
Mir Hossein Mousavi
Life for President Barack Obama would be a great deal easier if Mir Hossein Mousavi had won Iran 's election .
The man who was prime minister during the Iran - Iraq war of the 1980s says he would seek detente with the West , ask Mr Obama to debate at the UN with him , and floated the idea of an international consortium overseeing uranium enrichment in Iran .
On the domestic front , the 67 - year - old architect and painter urged a return to the " fundamental values " of the Islamic Republic 's founder , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini .
He advocated economic liberalisation , and pledged to control inflation through monetary policies and make life easier for private business .
He has also promised to change the " extremist " image that Iran has earned abroad under Mr Ahmadinejad and has hit out at his profligate spending of petrodollars and cash hand - outs to the poor , which , he says , have stoked rising consumer prices .
He also advocated removing the ban on private firms owning TV stations .
Mr Mousavi has been politically silent for the past 20 years , but he broke new ground in Iranian campaigning by having his wife , Zahra Rahnavard , a former university chancellor , not only join him on the stump but work for him .
The couple even held hands at rallies , rare behaviour for politicians in the socially conservative state .
His support was largely urban , and mostly young .
He enjoyed also the backing of reformist former president Mohammad Khatami and apparent backing from Mr Khatami 's pragmatic predecessor , Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani .
He was widely expected to make a close - run thing of the election .
But even as he was claiming a premature victory on Friday night , Mr Mousavi was alleging widespread malpractice in the conduct of the election .
Where he goes from here – apart from into history – is far from clear .
Former President George HW
Bush has marked his 85th birthday with a tandem parachute jump near his home in Maine .
He told reporters that he jumped for two reasons : to experience the exhilaration of free - falling and to show that the elderly can remain active and do fun things .
He also said he enjoyed it so much that he planned to do it again when he turned 90 .
This was Mr Bush 's seventh parachute jump - his first came when his plane was shot down over the Pacific in 1944 during World War II .
Posted on by ChildHealthSafety
: : :: :: :: :: :: :: :: :: ::
STOP PRESS : – Breaking News – Yet another win – 9 year old Hannah Poling – 21 Sept 2010 – US Government In US $ 20 million Legal Settlement For Vaccine Caused Autism Case
STOP PRESS : – The 4 year old girl this story is about has now been formally diagnosed with an autistic spectrum condition : See PDD - NOS – Friday , August 27 , 2010
__________________
Julia a three year old US citizen has just won substantial compensation in the US Federal Court for autism caused by MMR vaccine – says her mother .
And do vaccines cause autistic conditions ?
If you read nothing else we strongly recommend you read this : PDF Download – Text of May 5th 2008 email from US HRSA to Sharyl Attkisson of CBS News ] .
In it the US Health Resources Services Administration [ HRSA ] state to CBS News reporter Sharyl Attkission
We have compensated cases in which children exhibited an encephalopathy , or general brain disease .
Encephalopathy may be accompanied by a medical progression of an array of symptoms including autistic behavior , autism , or seizures . ”
Despite all the lies and deceit by health official worldwide , the question “ do vaccines cause autism ” was answered after the Hannah Poling story broke in the USA in February 2008 [ see CHS article here ] .
Hannah developed an autistic condition after 9 vaccines administered the same day .
Under the media spotlight numerous US health officials and agencies conceded on broadcast US nationwide TV news from CBS and CNN .
Full details with links to the original sources can be found in this CHS article : Vaccination Causes Autism – Say US Government & Merck ’s Director of Vaccines .
[ Blue Text added 10 April 2011 ]
What is different about this case ?
They kept the “ autism ” word out of the case .
Many parents in other US cases have been advised to do this :-
CBS News has found that since 1988 , the vaccine court has awarded money judgments , often in the millions of dollars , to thirteen hundred and twenty two families whose children suffered brain damage from vaccines .
In many … cases , the government paid out awards following a judicial finding that vaccine injury lead to the child ’s autism spectrum disorder .
In each of these cases , the plaintiffs ’ attorneys made the same tactical decision made by Bailey Bank ’s lawyer , electing to opt out of the highly charged Omnibus Autism Proceedings and argue their autism cases in the regular vaccine court .
In many other successful cases , attorneys elected to steer clear of the hot button autism issue altogether and seek recovery instead for the underlying brain damage that caused their client ’s autism . ” : [ Vaccine Court : Autism Debate Continues – Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. and David Kirby Huffington Post 24 Feb 2009 ]
Julia ’s Mom emphasises Julia has no formal diagnosis of autism and says :-
after Julia ’s last neuro appointment when her dr said she had signs of autism .
I did n’t want that “ word ” in her records until Julia ’s case was decided .
Julia ’s diagnosis was “ Encephalitis ( inflammation of her brain ) most likely attributed to the MMR - V ( measles , mumps , reubella , chicken pox ) vaccine she had received nine days previously .
I do not want this to be misunderstood .
She was never formally diagnosed .
Do I think that there is a link between vaccines and Autism , absolutely .
Is Julia Autistic ?
I ’m not sure . “
Data from formal peer refereed medical papers show vaccines caused autism in Japanese children .
The number developing autism rose and fell in direct proportion to the number of children vaccinated each year : [ click here for full details Japanese Data Show Vaccines Cause Autism ]
[ Click on graph to enlarge in new window ]
Data from the UK’s General Practice Research Database supports the Japanese data and shows that with each major change in the UK childhood vaccination programme the rates of childhood autism has increased significantly : British & Japanese Data Show Vaccines Cause Autism
[ Click on graph to enlarge in new window ]
The current UK rate of children with autistic conditions is 1 in 64 .
The rate in boys is 1 in 40 .
Prior to 1988 which saw the first of several major changes to the UK childhood vaccination programmes the rate of childhood autism was running at between 1 and 4 in 10,000 .
Childhood autism is also known as “ typical ” or “ Kanner ” autism .
Research showing Autistic Spectrum Conditions can result from brain injury caused by encephalopathy ( a degenerative disease of the brain ) can be found HERE .
Encephalopathies are normally caused by an infection ( 90 % of the time ) , and most often we will expect a viral infection .
MMR contains three live viruses .
[ See also Explaining Vaccines Autism & Mitochondrial Dysfunction / Disorder ]
Julia ’s
Mom says she was :
accepting the loss of the world as i knew it before she got sick , before my divorce , before i lost my house .
This is such a huge , huge , huge help for Julia and my family ”
If this is what compensation means for Julia ’s Mom think of all the families and children who should never have got sick in the first place and will never get compensation just because they used the “ autism ” word .
Does it help to think your child is “ just a little bit ” autistic but still injured and in need of financial help with medical care for life ?
Autism Spectrum Conditions are a spectrum from very mild to incapacitating .
Not only does it not end like this for other families – some children die as this 2005 Federal Court decision in a case very similar to Julia ’s shows [ and which took 9 years to achieve a decision ] :-
Eric Fernandez Cusati v Secretary for Health and Human Services
How many cases are like these ones ?
Who knows the exact number – the majority of decisions are never published – kept in secret .
And then there are all the cases the US Secretary of Health and Human Services settles – also kept in secret .
And how many cases are just not filed ?
No one publicly knows for sure .
Before drug companies came up with the triple MMR vaccine rubella vaccine was of no benefit to a child especially boys and especially compared to the risks .
Mumps vaccine was expressly not recommended for children .
So why are we giving them ?
It is time all parents started asking the simple questions – like that one .
And who said so ?
The British Medical Association , the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain , the UK’s Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation and the UK’s Ministry of Defence :
“ Since mumps and its complications are very rarely serious there is little indication for the routine use of mumps vaccine ” : British National Formulary ( ’ BNF ’ ) 1985 and 1986
The BNF is a joint publication of the BMA and RPSGB .
Freedom of Information documents show the UK’s Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation and Ministry of Defence agreed as early as 1974 that :-
“ there was no need to introduce routine vaccination against mumps ” because “ complications from the disease were rare ” JCVI minutes 11 Dec 1974 .
It is unethical to give a child unnecessary medical treatment and can be a criminal offence : Appleton v Garrett ( 1995 ) 34 BMLR 23 .
And with 1 in 38 British boys with an autistic condition [ and the problem is not just autism ] the question must be asked – how many children who would otherwise have grown up healthy are going to continue to be sacrificed and claimed to be for the very few but in reality for drug company profits in their move to a new business model based on “ vaccines for all ” .
[ Autism Rates Rocket – 1 in 38 British Boys – Cambridge Study See also : Government Risks Male Sterility As Mumps Vaccine Fails ]
Today it is your kid .
Tomorrow it is you .
[ by her Mom ]
Julia was born a healthy baby on 12 -28 - 05 .
She was a delight to her family and friends .
On January 5th , 2007 , one week after her 1st birthday , our family ’s lives changed forever .
Julia ( unknowingly to her family ) had been seizing in her crib most of the night , was transported to the nearest ER for stabilization , and then airlifted to Miami Children ’s hospital , where she stayed in PICU and the neurology ward for close to one month .
Her diagnosis ?
Encephalitis ( inflammation of her brain ) most likely attributed to the MMR - V ( measles , mumps , reubella , chicken pox ) vaccine she had received nine days previously .
When Julia left the hospital , she was functioning at a two month level .
She was ( and in some respects still is ) globally delayed and with significant left sided hemiplegia .
It has been over two years since her MMR - V induced encephalitis , and Julia has come a long way , but has a very long way to go .
Julia lives with her brother , Jack who is six and so understanding of her .
She also lives with her mom , Susan .
Her father recently moved out of state following her parent ’s divorce .
Julia and her family are hanging in there and hope you enjoy her blog !
Go Julia !
AMAZING DAY !
A MIRACLE HAS HAPPENED !
[ Posted by Julia ’s Mom – 12 June 2009 ]
JULIA WON HER LAWSUIT WITH THE VACCINE INJURY COMPENSATION PROGRAM !
THE GOVERNMENT CONCEDED !
This means that they agreed that the MMR vaccine caused her encephalitis and resultant brain damage ( I mean Marvelous Mind – right Howard ! ! ) .
This is such a huge , huge , huge help for Julia and my family .
The government will reimburse all of her past medical expenses ( to her , not to us , which I find a little odd , but OK ! ) and will pay for all future medical expenses that she incurs from her vaccine injury .
I will update as I find out more .
Her attorney ( Ron Homer and / or Kevin Conway ) will be flying out here this summer to evaluate her and her needs with a “ life planner ” to try to determine what her needs will be .
This is HUGE !
HUGE !
The VICP rarely concedes ….. almost never …… but they did for her !
AMAZING !
Another funny thing to go along with this ….. I had just the day before changed my ringtone on my phone to “ Its the end of the world as we know it …. and I feel fine ” trying to find a positive ringtone – accepting the loss of the world as i knew it before she got sick , before my divorce , before i lost my house , and moving forward – and being fine with it ….
AND NOW – ITS THE END OF THE WORLD AS I KNOW IT – AND I REALLY FEEL FINE !
SHE has HELP !!!!!
Our struggle is going to be lessened !!!!
_________________________________________________
RELATED STORIES
MMR Causes Autism – Another Win In US Federal Court
Japanese Data Show Vaccines Cause Autism
Conflicted Government Expert Airbrushes Embarrassing Autism Science
Children Risk Untested Flu Vaccines In Hyped Pandemic
Doctor ’s MMR Fears – 3,000 babies at risk
Gardasil Victims – In Memoriam – Healthy Young Women – Aged 15 to 21
Secret British MMR Vaccine Files Forced Open By Legal Action
Autism Rates Rocket – 1 in 38 British Boys – Cambridge Study
There Is No “ Anti-Vaccine ” Movement
Vaccines Implicated in Rocketing Childhood Diabetes Rates
Autism In Amish Children – 1 in 10,000
Parents Cure Autism – As Useless Docs Fail Kids
UK Government Caught Lying On Baby Hep B Vax Safety
UK Compulsory Vaccination Imminent
HPV Vaccine Questioned Internationally
World Pandemic Health News Round-Up
Swine ‘ Flu Jokes
US Docs “ Children to Die ” In Flu Non-Pandemic
British Minister Misled Parliament Over US MMR Autism Case
Amazing Larry King Live TV Coverage of Autism & Vaccines
Larry King Live – Breakthrough Coverage & More
Vaccines Did Not Save Us – 2 Centuries of Official Statistics
UK Government Hands Drug Industry Control of Childhood Vaccination
Government Risks Male Sterility As Mumps Vaccine Fails
Cambridge University Autism Expert Highlights Flaw In Reports of New Autism Paper
Can you ever cure autism ?
This mum believes her sons have recovered
MMR / Autism Cases Win In US Vaccine Court
UK Government Hides Yet More MMR Documents
Dr Andrew Wakefield Demolishes Ignorant US Vaccine Lobby
CDC ’s New Dodgy Thimo Study – Shows Vax ’ed / Un-Vax ’ed Research Now Urgent
UK’s GMC , Dr Jayne Donegan ’s Story , Vaccines & MMR
US Research Fraud , Tax Dollars And Italian Vaccine Mercury Study
Autism Not Genetic – Says Expert Professor Simon Baron Cohen
Recent US Data Shows Autism In Children Vastly Higher Than in Adults
Is Obama US Surgeon General Nominee Earnest Over Vaccines Causing Autism
Vaccination - Induced Autism , The Debate That Wo n’t Go Away
Lies , Damn Lies and Blog Posts
SHARE ON YOUR FACEBOOK TWITTER ETC PAGES Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
WhatsApp
Print
Reddit
Pocket
Telegram
Skype
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : ADHD , Aspergers , autism , Barak Obama , Child Health Safety , Disease Statistics , Hannah Poling , John Poling , MMR , Obama , vaccination , vaccine , vaccine court , Vaccine Damage , Vaccines | Tagged : ADHD , Andrew Wakefield , Aspergers , autism , Barak Obama , Baron Cohen , CDC , David Kirby , fraud , genetic , genetics , Hannah Poling , immunisation , Jon Poling , Julie Gerberding , MMR , Obama , Professor Baron Cohen , Professor Simon Baron Cohen , research , research fraud , Simon Baron Cohen , vaccination , vaccine , vaccine adverse reaction , Vaccine Damage , vaccine risks , Vaccines , Wakefield |
The Unstoppable Second Mortgage Crisis
Tuesday , October 9 , 2007 started as a nice day in New York City .
A lovely early fall day , with the temperature still a balmy 80° at 2:00 in the morning .
By evening , though , the temperature had dropped twenty degrees , the clouds had rolled in , there was thunder and rain .
As with the weather , there were some hints of trouble here and there on Wall Street .
But all in all , things could not have seemed better .
Little did we know , the stormy end of 10/9/07 signaled a very large bubble that had just popped .
That was the day when the Dow Jones Industrial Average hit its historic peak .
From there , it was all downhill – slowly but steadily at first , and then violently after last August – until the Dow bottomed ( for now ) on March 9 of this year .
Over that span , the index lost 54 % of its value .
It ’s been a crushing blow to just about everyone .
But it ’s already being referred to as the crash .
As if the unpleasantness were now all behind us .
More likely , in the future it will be seen as , simply , the first crash .
Do n’t believe it ?
In a moment you will , when you see the scariest graph of the year .
But let ’s quickly recall what ’s already happened .
During the late , great housing boom , interest rates were at microscopic levels , while bankers were encouraged to grant home loans on little more than a wink and a nudge .
In order to inflate their balance sheets , those bankers resorted to all sorts of gimmicky , adjustable rate mortgages ( ARMs ) , whose common feature was an interest rate that would eventually reset .
That is , it would balloon somewhere down the road .
And those most likely to come quickly to grief were the riskiest borrowers , who held loans known as “ subprime . ”
“ But not to worry , ” borrowers were told .
“ Betting on ever - rising home prices is the safest wager in the whole wide world .
If you have problems with cash flow when the ARM resets , your house will be worth a lot more , so you can simply sell it and walk away with a nice chunk of change in your pocket . ”
Uh-huh .
The bankers themselves were a little more concerned about the deterioration of their portfolios .
They took out insurance in the form of credit default swaps ( CDSs ) .
These were a brand - new invention in world financial history , allowing mortgages to be sold and resold until they were leveraged 20 times over .
They became the shakiest part of a huge global derivatives market , with a nominal value in the tens of trillions of dollars .
For a while , this Ponzi scheme even worked .
But then , as they had to , the ARMs began resetting , and there were defaults .
Then more of them .
Because at the same time , the housing market was cooling off and the economy was stalling out .
More and more people were trapped in a situation where they owed more on their home than they could sell it for .
Many simply mailed their keys to the bank and moved on .
All of this wreaked havoc in the derivatives market .
Sellers of these exotic packages could no longer establish what they were worth .
Buyers could n’t determine a fair price and so stopped buying .
As the ripples spread through the world financial system , trust disappeared and liquidity dried up .
Now consider that the base cause for all that dislocation was the subprime sector .
And how big is that ?
Not very .
Subprime mortgages account for only about 15 % of all home loans .
Their influence has been way out of proportion to their numbers , because of derivatives .
Here ’s the good news : the subprime meltdown has about run its course .
These loans were resetting en masse in 2007 and the first eight months of ’08 .
Now they ’re pretty much done .
And the bad news ?
No one in the mainstream media seems to be asking what should be a pretty obvious question :
What about loans other than subprime ?
Truth is , the banks did n’t just trick up their subprime loans .
ARMs were the order of the day – across the board .
Now , here ’s that frightening graph we referred to earlier .
Take a good , long look .
You can see that from the beginning of 2007 through September of 2008 , subprime loans ( the gray bars above ) were resetting like crazy .
Those are the ones people were walking away from , sending a shockwave from defaults and foreclosures smack into the middle of the economy .
Now they ’re gone .
The ARM market got very quiet between December 2008 and March 2009 , hitting a low that wo n’t be seen again until November of 2011 .
Small wonder a few “ green shoots ” have poked their heads above ground .
But in April , resets began to increase and will reach an intermediate peak in June .
After that , they tail off a little , going basically flat for the next ten months .
It ’s not until May of 2010 that the next wave really hits .
From there to October of 2011 , the resets will be coming fast and furious .
That ’s 18 months of further turmoil in the housing market , and the beginning is still nearly a year away !
( Although the months in between are likely to be no picnic , either . )
While it is n’t subprime ARMs that are resetting this time , neither are they prime loans .
Those eligible for prime loans wisely tended to stay away from ARMs in the first place , as indicated by the relatively small space they take up on each bar .
No , the next to go are Alt - A’s ( the white bars ) , Option ARMs ( green ) and Unsecuritized ARMs ( blue ) .
Alt - A’s are loans to the folks who are a small step up from subprime .
Unsecuritized loans are a 50 - 50 proposition ; either the borrowers were good enough that they were n’t thrown into the CDS pool , or they were so risky no one would insure them .
Those two are bad enough .
But Option ARMs are the real black sheep , loans with choices on how large a payment the borrower will make .
The options include interest - only or , worse , a minimum payment that is less than interest - only , leading to “ negative amortization ” — a loan balance that continually gets bigger , not smaller .
Imagine what happens with those when the piper calls .
Once the carnage begins , will it be as bad as the subprime crisis ?
That ’s the $ 64 K question .
Perhaps not .
For one thing , subprime loans were a much larger chunk of the market when they started going south .
For another , there ’s been a lot of refinancing as interest rates dropped ; that should help ease the default rate .
And the government has massively intervened , with measures designed to prop up those who would otherwise lose their homes .
On the other hand , we ’re in a severe recession , which was n’t the case when the subprime crisis started .
More people will be unable to meet payments .
And the housing market has continued to decline , pressuring both marginal homeowners and banks that ca n’t sell foreclosed properties .
Is the stock market ’s next 10/9/07 on the way ?
Yes .
Which day will it be ?
That ’s unknowable .
It could be in a week , or not for another year .
But make no mistake about it , the second crash is coming .
It ca n’t be prevented , no matter what desperate measures Obama and his hapless financial advisors come up with .
All we can hope for is that , with a little luck , it wo n’t be as severe as the first one .
But it will last longer .
We are n’t even in the middle of the woods yet , much less on the way out .
Regards ,
Doug Hornig
for The Daily Reckoning
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Pre-planned and perfectly executed .
Great white sharks do not aimlessly wander the ocean waiting to stumble upon their next meal .
Instead , the biggest sharks identify a location from which to strike , and then search the surrounding killing zone for their next victim .
That suggests that the sharks use a premeditated hunting strategy akin to that used by some human serial killers .
Scientists made the discovery while observing hundreds of great white attacks on fur seals off South Africa .
Despite the reputation of many large sharks as effective hunters , few studies have examined whether they follow any pattern in their foraging behaviour .
So shark experts Neil Hammerschlag of the University of Miami in Florida , US , and Aiden Martin of the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , Canada , decided to study the predatory habits of great white sharks hunting off Seal Island , in False Bay , South Africa .
The island is home to some 64,000 Cape fur seals , which must swim across water that reaches depths of 20 m just 50 m from the shore .
During the winter of 2004 , the researchers observed 340 attacks by great whites on fur seals within 2 km of the island .
After each attack , the scientists recorded the precise geographical location and the depth of the water , as well as whether the attack was successful or not .
Anchor point
To help analyse the attack pattern of the sharks , Hammerschlag and Martin then teamed up with Kim Rossmo , a criminal justice expert based at Texas State University 's Center for Geospatial Intelligence and Investigation in San Marcos , US .
Rossmo specialises in the geographical profiling of criminal acts , including those by terrorists and serial killers .
For example , by using the locations of a series of linked crimes , such as murder or arson , it is possible to predict the location of a criminal 's anchor point , usually a home or place of work .
By applying these analytical techniques , the researchers established that great white sharks also follow a similar hunting strategy .
Favourite hunting ground
The largest most dominant sharks would regularly pick a particular anchor point , and search for their next victim close to this location .
Most large sharks regularly returned to a spot some 100 m due south of the main place where seals came ashore on to the island .
The anchor point did not itself provide the shark with the best chance of intercepting a seal .
But the location did provide an optimal balance between detecting prey and capturing it .
Smaller sharks seem to avoid competition with larger ones by widening their search strategy .
But they also tend to be less successful , suggesting that great white sharks learn through experience which are the best hunting sites .
" White sharks , like other predators , may refine their search patterns with experience , " the researchers write in the Journal of Zoology , published by the Zoological Society of London .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Aww , the CIA 's poor little heads are worried about torture and war crimes inquiries .
Worried about their victims ?
Nope .
They 're worried about their precious bureaucracy .
Gosh , I do n't know what we'd do without them .
The nonexistent " missile gap . "
Failing to perceive , much less anticipate , the Sino - Soviet estrangement for years .
Failing to predict the small matter of the collapse of our purportedly existential enemy , the Warsaw Pact .
Failing to conceptualize , much less predict " blowback " from destroying popular rule throughout the Arab world ( goodbye , Mossadegh , hello Shah .
And ayatollahs .
Rinse , repeat with Saudis ) , or from arming Afghanistan ( hello , Bin Laden ) .
On enviro issues , reliably lagging even EarthFirst ! , as well as more prominent eco-sources , by one to two decades .
Hey -- the expenditures from Plan B's deliberate invention of Soviet capacities to keep the gravy train rolling to war contractors were only measured in trillions , right ?
And the indirect domestic costs of : maintaining the unneeded war economy after 1989 ; plowing the " cold war dividend " into Raytheon rather than reading ; gutting public health , rather than rebuilding it ; defunding basic science for decades ....?
Priceless .
Who cares if two generations and their educations were beggared so long as those patriots at Langley delivered the goods for Lockheed and General Dynamics ?
Between standing by in silence when Reagan claimed our mighty military was imperiled by a bunch of Marxists south of Mexico ; deliberate complicity in launching a war of aggression , an international war crime , in Iraq ; actively funding , training , and supervising generations of torturers in Latin America ; operating a global torture Gulag ....
Importing Nazi war criminals from the Gehlen Org into the OSS and America starting before the crematoria were cold ; Mossadegh in Iran ; Arbenz in Guatemala ( civil war deaths : 250,000 - some from CIA death squads ) ; Suharto in Indonesia ( 500,000 dead ) ; Goulart in Brazil ; mass murder ( over 70,000 civilians ) in South Vietnam as the policy and objective of William Colby 's Phoenix Project ; Allende in Chile ; organizing , training and supporting El Salvador 's death squads ( 100,000 - 200,000 war deaths ) .
Hey , and providing the false intel used to deceive Congress ( low bar , that ) and launch war of aggression upon Iraq ( 750,000 - 1,000,000 dead ) .
Anyone who chooses to work for that employer as an analyst knows the organization they 've chosen to work for is in the business of military dictatorship , sabotage of civil authority and the rule of law , as well as torture and mass murder .
If they claim they do n't know , they 're either very incompetent liars are too incompetent to be even a CIA analyst .
Given the organization 's track record , that takes some doing .
Anyone who chooses to work for the CIA 's clandestine operations chooses to work for a shop with a documented fifty year history of fomenting mass murders , torture , and war crimes .
Whether they acknowledge that or not does not change the fact of their willingness to take up with an organization notorious for murder , mayhem , and torture on every continent save Antarctica .
Good fucking riddance .
I 'm willing to believe there are some decent people in the CIA -- just as there are some in the bowels of major health insurers .
Their individual decency does n't change the fact they 've chosen to hitch their careers and economic futures to a war crimes machine .
If we wake up tomorrow and the CIA 's intel analysis is rolled into some new spook analysis agency , policy - making based on that intel 's in DNI or the equivalent , and the hideous war criminals of the clandestine service are sent to the Hague , we'd have shed the machinery of paramilitary control over our foreign policy and national interest .
That may worry the hell out of Langley 's torture and mass murder shop .
Great !
Hope they never know a night 's rest .
The other day someone pointed out that you can't spell " Walter Pincus " without a " C , " and " I " and an " A. " Yesterday
Wally turned hiscolumn over to his pals at Langley so they could make a case for being left alone to run the world without interference from politicians or anyone else .
And far right CIA - shill and spooky former Bush lackey Michael Gerson -- creator of the " smoking gun/mushroom cloud " and " Axis of Evil " metaphors -- was even worse today .
Since I 'm one of a tiny minority of Americans positive and without the slightest doubt that the CIA killed President Kennedy , I figured I 'd find someone more dispassionate and rational to write about the dagger pointed at the heart of American democracy .
I know Kirk James Murphy from the brilliant work he does at Firedoglake .
He 's an MD and a psychiatrist and his measured , grounded and well - researched posts are always a joy to read .
With the CIA campaign to dislodge Nancy Pelosi as Speaker as a backdrop -- or even just show Democrats their fangs -- I asked Kirk for a little background on the CIA so people can contextualize what they 've been up to this month in regard to their attempt to stage in the House of Representatives .
Dr. Kirk Murphy : I know that Michael Steele , heading up a party with no vision and no ideas , may find this without the degree of classiness he expects in political discourse so I recommend he not watch :
Labels : Black Eyed Peas , CIA
" Deep down we all have a Puritan belief that unless they suffer a good dose of pain , they will not truly repent .
In fact , there has been much pain , especially in the financial industry , where tens of thousands of jobs , at all levels , have been lost .
But fundamentally , markets are not about morality .
They are large , complex systems , and if things get stable enough , they move on . "
-- Zakaria : A Capitalist Manifesto , Newsweek.com .
From a distance I ’ve always vaguely admired the skills of Newsweek ’s Fareed Zakaria , who is maybe this country ’s preeminent propagandist .
Any writer who does n’t admire what this guy does is probably not being honest with himself , because being the public face of conventional wisdom is an extremely difficult job — and as a man of letters Zakaria routinely succeeds , or pseudo - succeeds , at the most seemingly impossible literary tasks , making the sensational seem dull and the outrageous commonplace , rendering horrifying absolutes ambigious and full of gray areas .
Wheras most writers grow up dreaming of using their talents to stir up the passions , to inflame and amuse and inspire , Zakaria shoots for the opposite effect , taking controversial and explosive topics and trying to help rattled readers somehow navigate their way through them to yawns , lower heart rates and states of benign unconcern .
He ’s back at it again with a new piece about the financial crisis called “ The Capitalist Manifesto , ” which is one of the first serious attempts at restoring the battered image of global capitalism in the mainstream press .
This writer has done work like this before , using a big canvas to rework an uncooperative chunk of history in the wake of a crisis .
Zakaria is probably best known for his post 9/11 “ Why Do They Hate Us ? ” article , a sort of masterpiece of milquetoast propaganda that laid the intellectual foundation for a wide array of important War on Terror popular misconceptions , not the least of which being the whole “ They hate us for our freedom ” idea — one of Zakaria ’s central arguments was that poor struggling Arabs were driven to envious violence by the endless pop-culture reminders of American affluence and progress .
In one exchange in that piece Zakaria talks with an elderly Arab intellectual who scoffs at Zakaria ’s suggestion that Arab cities should try to be more like globalization - friendly capitals like Singapore , Seoul and Hong Kong .
The old Arab protests that those cities are just cheap imitations of Houston and Dallas , and what great and ancient civilization would want that ?
I thought the old Arab ’s comment was funny , but Zakaria imbued it with serious significance .
“ This disillusionment with the West , ” he wrote , “ is at the heart of the Arab problem . ”
And while witty Arab potshots at tacky southern strip - mall meccas like Houston were significant enough to put high up in Newsweek ’s seminal piece about the root causes of 9/11 , things like America ’s habitual toppling of sovereign Arab governments and installation of ruthless dictators like the Shah of Iran were left out more or less entirely ( Zakaria managed to write a whole section on the Iranian revolution without even mentioning that the Shah come to power thanks to a CIA - backed overthrow of democratically - elected Mohammed Mosaddeq , whose crime was ejecting Western oil companies from Iran ) .
Not that Osama bin Laden and his followers are n’t all homicidal lunatics who should be doused in barbecue sauce and tossed in a shark tank , but Zakaria ’s piece did a monstrous disservice to Americans by glazing over the sources of Arab anger and portraying America ’s enemies as jealous dupes who chose to swallow the religious extremism fed to them by those opportunistic mullahs who stepped into the power vacuum left by ineffectual socialist strongmen like Nasser .
( The neat rhetorical trick of making the current political bogeyman , Islamic terrorism , a descendant of the last political bogeyman , socialism , should not go unnoticed by admirers of the propaganda art ) .
As is the case with almost everything Zakaria writes , there was a grain of truth in such a portrait , but it had the convenient benefit of almost completely absolving America of wrongdoing in the ongoing Shakespearean death - struggle for oil that is recent Middle Eastern history .
Appallingly , Zakaria even compared America ’s bloodlusting pursuit of Middle Eastern resources ( a history that includes numerous CIA - backed coups and more than one brutal war ) to the frolicking of Tom and Daisy in The Great Gatsby — ie toppling governments and arming Saddam Hussein against Iran is like a bunch of ginned - up rich folk knocking over the china .
“ America has not been venal in the Arab world , ” he wrote .
“ But it has been careless . ”
Zakaria ’s Capitalist Manifesto is another such grandly fuzzy apologia , a broad exercise in shifting any blame for a big crisis away from a certain unblamable segment of society , only this one is much worse .
In his take on the financial crisis he offers a few basic points :
Gosh it sucks that the crisis happened , but it ’s not as bad as people say .
Remember how people used to pick on Internet stocks — well , look at Twitter !
The solution to what ails capitalism is more capitalism .
There will be a great public desire to tighten up the laws governing the economic sector , but let ’s not get ahead of ourselves !
You know what ’s a great idea ?
Voluntary self - regulation .
You can make all sorts of interesting collages just using a bunch of dollar bills and a Photoshop program .
If we could just all learn to be better people , everything will turn out fine .
His description of the root causes of this financial crisis are about what you ’d expect from a man who invoked The Great Gatsby to explain the mentality of the murderer of 4,000 people .
When he mentions the objectionable behaviors that led to the loss of trillions of dollars in wealth and untold numbers of lost jobs and misery , he does so with distant , clinical language , like he ’s describing something seen through a telescope , disappearing over the horizon .
In fact his method of describing the “ moral crisis ” that led to the financial implosion was to begrudgingly admit that many people were less than nice .
Here ’s how he put it :
Most of what happened over the past decade across the world was legal .
Bankers did what they were allowed to do under the law .
Politicians did what they thought the system asked of them .
Bureaucrats were not exchanging cash for favors .
But very few people acted responsibly , honorably or nobly ( the very word sounds odd today ) .
This might sound like a small point , but it is not .
No system — capitalism , socialism , whatever — can work without a sense of ethics and values at its core .
No matter what reforms we put in place , without common sense , judgment and an ethical standard , they will prove inadequate .
We will never know where the next bubble will form , what the next innovations will look like and where excesses will build up .
But we can ask that people steer themselves and their institutions with a greater reliance on a moral compass .
This is a beautiful piece of writing .
Describing the misdeeds of Wall Street in the last decade by saying “ few people acted … nobly ” is sort of like saying that Stalin was “ not always sociable ” or O.J. Simpson was “ not always committed to preserving life . ”
I mean , talk about a freaking understatement .
Forgetting entirely the other insane lies in this passage ( my favorite being the one about bureuacrats not taking cash for favors — I guess he means except for Bob Rubin taking $ 130 million or whatever from Citi after pushing through that merger ) , that “ not so noble ” bit is where Zakaria earns his money .
Because if you get into the actual gory details of what went on in those years , there ’s just no way you come out of that story not wanting to see every banker on Wall Street strung up by his testicles .
The crimes of this era were monstrous thieveries , committed against ordinary people in a highly systematic and organized fashion with the aid and compliance of a bought - off government , and the only way you can not perceive what happened as a profound indictment of capitalism is if you blow off the specifics entirely and try to hide the details in vague , airy words like “ irresponsibility ” and “ excesses . ”
Because the specifics matter .
It ’s one thing to say that Citi wasted some of the money taxpayers sent its way via the bailout ; it ’s another thing to say Citi wasted some of the taxpayers ’ money by upholstering the pillows on the private jet Sandy Weill took to Mexico over Christmas vacation with Hermes scarves .
It ’s one thing to say Wall Street bankers felt pressure to chase profits ; it ’s another thing to say they achieved those profits by systematically robbing a whole generation of pensioners and working - class homeowners , under the noses of the politicians they bought with tens of millions in campaign contributions .
Zakaria works hard to tell the crisis story minus these outrageous details .
Then he goes on to argue that , basically , nothing should be done .
We mostly just need a “ gut check ” ; we , all of us , need to rediscover that little voice in all of us that says , “ if it does n’t feel right , we should n’t be doing it . ”
I mean , that is actually what he wrote .
No one needs to go to jail , we do n’t need to worry about who ’s to blame , we just need , you know , do a better job using our trusty moral compasses to navigate the seas of life .
It ’s classic Zakaria in the sense that he attacks ugly political phenomena with tired cliches and hack pablum until you ’re almost too bored to keep your eyes open , then in the end reduces it all to a dumbed - down t- shirt that carries us forward to another cycle of political inaction : Laissez - faire capitalism does n’t rip off people , people rip off people !
Amazing stuff —
God bless him .
_______
About author I 'm a political reporter for Rolling Stone magazine , a sports columnist for Men 's Journal , and I also write books for a Random House imprint called Spiegel and Grau .
My main ambition in life is to someday strangle that chick in the Progressive Insurance commercials who is always waving her hands back and forth and screaming , " Discount ! ! ! "
Anyone who has suggestions for how to dump her body without being caught is welcome to write to me .
I already have plenty of plastic and a staple - gun .
The man arrived claiming he was planning a short stay in the UK
A Mexican illegal immigrant was stopped as he entered Britain when a search of his luggage uncovered a good luck card for his " new life in the UK " .
The man , arriving at Manchester Airport from Los Angeles , claimed he was on a brief visit to a friend who was opening a restaurant in England 's North West .
But he admitted planning to work illegally after border officers found the card and pages of Mexican recipes .
The 40 - year - old chef was removed on Friday , a day after landing in the UK .
After questioning , he had admitted a plan to bring his family out from the US to join him if he settled well in Britain .
" We will not tolerate people coming here to work illegally , " said a UK Border Agency spokesman .
" People wanting to visit the UK must play by the rules .
Those who do not are sent back . "
Welcome to our weekly PlayStation Deals .
This week , there are a ton of deals to be had .
Best Buy ’s big sale has come to a close , and all that is left are a few Guitar Hero games .
Amazon , as always , still has a bunch of deals , including Little Big Planet for $ 36.99 .
Also , if you have yet to pick up the new Prince of Persia , it is $ 39.99 at Toys ‘ R’ Us .
Also for those of you that do not have a PS3 and are into UFC , Kmart has the deal for you .
Get $ 50 off when you purchase a 80 GB PS3 and UFC Undisputed .
Be sure to check out our reviews if you ’re unsure of any game .
Best Buy
Guitar Hero : World Tour ( game only ) $ 49.99
Guitar Hero : World Tour bundle $ 169.99
Guitar Hero : World Tour ( Guitar Bundle ) $ 79.99
Amazon
PS3 Dualshock 3 – $ 42.99
Little Big Planet – $ 36.99 [ Review ]
Call of Duty : World at War $ 41.97 [ Review ] <— thanks to ErikR68 for the tip
Fallout 3 $ 44.99 [ Review ]
Fear 2 : Project Origin – $ 43.99
Killzone 2 – $ 49.99 [ Review ]
Motorstorm : Pacific Rift – $ 44.79 [ Review ]
NBA 2K9 $ 27.97
Guitar Hero 3 ( game only ) – $ 21.76
Brothers in Arms : Hell ’s Highway – $ 18.67
Walmart
Bioshock $ 29.82
LEGO Indiana Jones : The Original Adventures $ 19.82
Soul Calibur IV $ 39.82
Midnight Club : LA $ 39.82
Kmart
Get $ 50 off via Kmart savings coupon on Sony gaming when you purchase a Sony PlayStation ® 3 80 GB game system and UFC : Undisputed for PS3 .
Toy ’s R Us
Prince of Persia $ 39.99 [ Review ]
Trivial Pursuit $ 29.99
Mirror ’s Edge – $ 29.99 [ Review ]
James Bond 007 : Quantum of Solace – $ 29.99
Far Cry 2 – $ 39.99 [ Review ]
Lord of the Rings : Conquest $ 39.99 [ Review ]
Shaun White Snowboarding $ 39.99
Also , for our PSP fans out there , check out these hot deals on your favorite handheld :
Walmart
LEGO Indiana Jones : The Original Adventures $ 19.82 [ Review ]
Crisis Core : Final Fantasy VII $ 19.82
SOCOM US Navy Tactical Strike $ 19.82
Amazon
Syphon Filter : Logan ’s Shadow $ 13.79
Gangs of London $ 13.06
This week there are also a two PSN games on sale :
Rag Doll Kung Fu – Free
Bionic Commando : Rearmed $ 4.99
As always , post any deals I may have missed in the comment section so I can update the list .
Thanks !
By Angie Brown
Edinburgh reporter , BBC Scotland news website
Jim McDougal ( right ) and a vet survey the scene
A lightning strike killed 16 bullocks which were sheltering from a storm in a field in East Lothian .
A neighbour saw one of the animals being struck as they stood under a tree at Saltoun House Farm , Pencaitland , on Sunday .
It is thought that the lightning conducted through a puddle to kill the other bullocks .
Farm manager Jim McDougal told the BBC Scotland news website he had been " very upset " by the " freak act of nature " .
The 60 - year - old said he and his daughter Alison had gone to the field after being alerted by the neighbour .
The cows were singed and we could smell it in the air when we arrived
Jim McDougal
Beef farmer
The beef farmer said : " It is a shocking thing to see .
I felt numbness , it was unbelievable .
" They were all either sitting or lying where they had fallen in a regimented row .
I have never seen anything like it in my life .
" The bullocks were singed and we could smell it in the air when we arrived .
" I am very upset , but it was a freak act of nature so there was nothing I could do about it . "
His wife Elizabeth said : " Jim could not believe the carnage he saw .
" A man down the road saw a bullock being struck by lightning and then the vet thinks it conducted the lightning to the other bullocks as they were standing in the same puddle under a tree . "
A vet from Haddington took blood samples and confirmed that the 18 - month - old bullocks had died from a lightning strike .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
National Day of Prayer demands a National Day of Slayer
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
National Day of Prayer demands a National Day of Slayer
Summary :
On May 7 , Christians in the United States join in the National Day of Prayer .
If you want a holiday with louder music , celebrate the Inter - National Day of Slayer on June 6 , a holiday for the metal culture and the powerful music of Slayer .
Body :
On May 7 , 2009 , thousands of Christians throughout the United States will come together for the National Day of Prayer .
Since we believe everyone should celebrate what is meaningful to them , we created the International Day of Slayer to unite people worldwide with a celebration of heavy metal .
While we bear our counterparts at the " National Day of Prayer Task Force " no ill - will , we 'd like to remind them of a few salient facts :
God can be misinterpreted .
Slayer cannot .
Slayer does not require you to understand the word , or the theology , or to believe in Heaven and Hell .
You must only feel the power of this music and let it move you .
The International Day of Slayer website has been translated into twelve languages including Hebrew and Icelandic .
You can get your National Day of Prayer in only two , English and Spanish .
People involved in religions often get confused over who is Us and who is Them .
We suggest a simpler plan :
You must listen to Slayer .
Anyone not listening to Slayer is either
Them , or forgot to take the day off to listen to Slayer .
Prayer is a quiet , personal activity from which you get no immediate results .
Listening to Slayer clears your mind and gets you ready for the only thing that matters in life , which is living it and making things happen .
If you 're going to pray , you want God to think you 're good and not evil .
Slayer embraces both evil and good , so you do n't have to censor your actions before they happen .
Slayer is a new morality for a dystopian age .
The National Day of Prayer wants you to ask God to do good things for us .
But if there is a God , he made Slayer , which is clearly a good thing that can be enjoyed already .
In our great pluralistic nation , every culture needs a voice .
Metal is a subculture for everyone who understand metal , and Slayer are spokespeople we can all appreciate .
Celebrate the National Day of Slayer and show your support for this recognition of metal culture and SLAYER !
About Slayer
Slayer is a speed metal band from Long Beach , CA who specialize in themes of a mechanistic society manipulated by the occult .
For over 20 years , their brand of high - intensity metal has been a watermark for the metal subculture .
About International Day of Slayer
The International Day of Slayer is an initiative by Slayer fans to create a worldwide holiday on June 6 for listening to the music of Slayer .
Circolwyrde Wordhord
See also the Englisc Web site for Bill Schipper 's convenient general glossary , the current date and time in Old English , a discussion group devoted to composition in Old English , and much more .
Mac users who can't get thorns and eths to display properly in their Web browsers should go directly to Cathy Ball 's Old English Pages link at this site .
Carl T. Berkhout
ctb@u.arizona.edu
A Michigan State University researcher has developed a working vaccine for a strain of E. coli that kills 2 million to 3 million children each year in the developing world .
Enterotoxigenic E. Coli , which is responsible for 60 percent to 70 percent of all E. coli diarrheal disease , also causes health problems for U.S. troops serving overseas and is responsible for what is commonly called traveler ’s diarrhea .
A. Mahdi Saeed , professor of epidemiology and infectious disease in MSU ’s colleges of Veterinary Medicine and Human Medicine , has applied for a patent for his discovery and has made contact with pharmaceutical companies for commercial production .
Negotiations with several firms are ongoing .
“ This strain of E. coli is an international health challenge that has a huge impact on humanity , ” said Saeed , who has devoted four years to develop a working vaccine at MSU ’s National Food Safety and Toxicology Center .
“ By creating a vaccine , we can save untold lives .
The implications are massive . ”
ETEC affects millions of adults and children across the globe , mainly in southern hemisphere countries throughout Africa and South America .
It also poses a risk to U.S. troops serving in southern Asia and the Middle East .
Saeed ’s breakthrough was discovering a way to overcome the miniscule molecular size of one of the illness - inducing toxins produced by the E. coli bug .
Since the toxin was so small , it did not prompt the body ’s defense system to develop immunity , allowing the same individual to repeatedly get sick , often with more severe health implications .
Saeed created a biological carrier to attach to the toxin that once introduced into the body induces a strong immune response .
This was done by mapping the toxin ’s biology and structure during the design of the vaccine .
Saeed ’s work was funded in part by a $ 510,000 grant from the National Institutes of Health .
After creating the carrier in a lab at MSU , Saeed and his team tested it on mice and found the biological activity of the toxin was enhanced by more than 40 percent , leading to its recognition by the body ’s immune system .
After immunizing a group of 10 rabbits , the vaccine led to the production of the highest neutralizing antibody ever reported for this type of the toxin .
Saeed hopes that human clinical trials could begin late in the year .
There also are several other human health implications for the vaccine , besides providing immunity against most E. coli disease , according to Saeed .
Many patients who undergo anesthesia during a medical procedure surgery suffer from post - operative paralytic ileus , or an inability to have a bowel movement .
A small oral dosage of the vaccine could act as a laxative , which often are n’t prescribed after a surgery for fear of side effects , Saeed said .
A small dose also could help with urinary retention .
The vaccine will be available for animals as well , Saeed added .
He pointed out the E. coli bug also is a major cause of sickness and death for newborn animals such as calves and piglets , which in the United States alone causes $ 300 million in loss of agricultural products each year .
He wants low interest rates , but if all financial institutions are required to keep large cash ( or cash - equivalent ) reserves , their ability to lend will be curtailed , so interest rates will rise ; likewise if their leverage is limited .
DeLong does not explain how he proposes to square the circle of low interest rates and conservative lending practices .
He is especially critical of Wall Street compensation practices , such as " large annual bonuses based on annual marked - to - market results . "
He seems to be gesturing toward the problem , discussed in my book as elsewhere , that a very small annual risk is unlikely to materialize in the immediate future , and therefore a trader may be quite willing to run the risk without regard to the fact that it will grow over time ( the probability that a 1 percent annual risk will materialize sometime in the next 10 years is almost 10 percent ) .
Financial firms deal with this problem by having " risk managers " to monitor the traders ' deals .
An alternative which DeLong favors is compensating traders with " long - run restricted stock " in their company rather than with annual bonuses .
The problem , which he does not discuss , is that circumstances entirely outside the control of an individual trader may influence the price of his company 's stock .
This problem makes it easy to see why such a compensation practice did not emerge in the competition of banks for talent .
DeLong does not discuss my effort in the book to explain how a regime of artificially depressed interest rates and weak regulation gives bankers rational incentives to increase leverage and make risky loans .
His claim that lunatics are responsible for our current economic troubles is asserted rather than argued .
He ends his review by saying that I failed to conclude that the economic crisis was the product of a " private - sector failure " rather than a failure of government " because to get there , he [ that is , I ] would have had to begin his book by acknowledging that it matters that the earth revolves around the sun . "
Earlier in his review he had compared me to Jesuit astronomers who rejected Copernicus 's heliocentric theory .
He seems to have a curious religious obsession .
At one point in the review he says that " the litany of financial lunacy is longer than even the Eastern Orthodox litancy of the saints . "
What is one to make of such a review ?
It seems that DeLong , like Paul Krugman , is a high road / low road thinker / writer .
He does sober academic writing part of the time and irresponsible popular writing the rest of the time .
That 's a common enough pattern , but when it is found in macroeconomists , specifically those who write about the business cycle rather than less ideologically charged macroeconomic topics , it makes one wonder how trustworthy their " scientific " writings are .
The economics of the business cycle , as I argue in my book and in earlier entries in this blog , is a weak area of economics , partly because of the difficulty of conducting cogent empirical studies , partly because of stubborn theoretical disagreements ( a problem closely related to the empirical difficulties -- the rival theories can't be discriminated empirically ) , partly because of the high ideological stakes and resulting politicization of academic controversy .
One can only hope that Professor DeLong is able to keep the two parts of his intellectual life properly separated .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The results of a survey by Evans Data shows that use of the Ruby scripting language has increased by 40 % amongst North American software developers during the last year .
Fourteen percent of developers in this region use Ruby some part of the time , up from 10 % who used it in 2008 .
Additionally , 20 % of developers expect to use it in the coming year .
“ The increasing adoption of developers using scripting languages correlates with today ’s overall emphasis on web centric applications which have to be highly malleable to rapidly changing market driven requirements , ” said John Andrews , President and CEO of Evans Data .
“ Interestingly , while we see Linux continue to increase as a target platform , this category of development reflects the greatest growth in targeting a non windows target platform ” .
The biannual survey of over 400 North American software developers measures scripting language use , 3GL language use such as C++ , C# , and Java , platform targeting and migration , and other technology adoption including cloud , web services , SOA , parallel programming and agile development trends .
The survey series is now in its eleventh year .
Other highlights from the survey include :
Seventy - five percent of applications developers are considering for the cloud will require audit trails
Sixty percent of North American developers use agile development methods some of the time
Commercial SQL databases are two and a half times more likely to be used as a primary database than open source SQL databases .
On the eve of the anniversary of the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre , China has cracked down on online discussion of the event by blocking Twitter and a number of other Internet services .
Users based around China have begun reporting that they can't access the popular 140 - character liveblogging service as chatter about Tiananmen Square has ramped up in recent days , nor can they get onto photo sharing service Flickr , Hotmail , or Live.com /Bing.com .
A brief history lesson for those who are n't familiar : in 1989 , demonstrators gathered in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square to protest China 's authoritarian government .
The group was led mostly by students , but over a period of days , it 's estimated that several million people joined the students in the Square .
The government was irked by this " social chaos " and tried to convince protesters to leave , but did not succeed .
Long story short , tanks eventually rolled through Tiananmen Square and fired on unarmed protesters .
China has never released an official death count , but estimates range from hundreds to up to 7,000 .
This topic is one of several that China aggressively targets when censoring the Internet in recent years , and with every anniversary of the incident more social networking services are available online for people to converse about these forbidden topics .
This has forced the government to stay on its toes and add more and more sites to its Great Firewall list .
WebSitePulse 's Great Firewall test fails to make a connection to Twitter , Flickr , and Hotmail from Beijing or Guangzhou , though reports across the Web show that some users can get spotty access in different parts of China .
" The whole Twitter community in China has been exploding with it , " technology " commentator " Kaiser Kuo told Reuters in reference to chatter about the Tiananmen Square incident .
" [ The block is ] just part of life here .
If anything surprises me , it 's that it took them so long . "
We have learned in the past , however , that the blacklist is always changing — sites that are blocked today may not be blocked next week or next month .
For example , China has on and off blocked access to Wikipedia , or sometimes just certain Wikipedia pages , for years now .
The same applies to Blogspot , Xanga , and a number of other blog hosting sites .
Once the Tiananmen Square anniversary passes , various parts of China may well restore access to Twitter , Flickr , and Microsoft 's services , but for now , social media addicts will just have to do without .
In an interesting turn of events " Heidi and Spence " are acting as though they have woken up to the New World Order and are plugging away to their combined 800,000 followers on twitter endlessly about the " New World Order Global Elite . "
Even Miley Cyrus got in the fray asking " what is infowars ? "
Miley Cyrus : @heidimontag i dont understand what is @infowars ?
10:18 AM Jun 28th from mobile web
Spencer writes : Everyone please tune in to the Alex Jones radio show tomorrow !
Speidi will be on with Alex Jones from 12 pm - 1 ! @inforwars [ sic ] @prisonplanet
RT @prisonplanet : @mileycyrus
All your fans are relying on you to protect them from real bullies -- the New World Order Global Elite !
RT @prisonplanet : @mileycyrus and @heidimontag Hey Miley and Heidi -- thanks for waking up to the truth !
Yes !!!!!!
Heidi and Spence 's twitters are basically just all links to infowars articles etc .
Check them out below .
http://twitter.com/spencerpratt
http://twitter.com/HeidiMontag
http://twitter.com/mileycyrus
What does one make of this ?
Is this all just a psy - op to attempt to link anti-nwo views with the whoredom Heidi and Spence represent ?
It seems to be probable but who knows .
Regardless , even if they are just shilling it will probably have a net effect of waking more people up .
- IL
John Conyers ( D - Michigan ) was not happy last night with his colleagues Charles Rangel ( D - New York ) and Henry Waxman ( D - California ) .
Conyers is sponsor of the single payer bill ( HR 676 ) in the House .
The bill has 79 co-sponsors .
Rangel and Waxman were co-sponsors last year .
But they are not co-sponsors this year .
Rangel , Waxman and George Miller ( D - California ) each chair committees that will be hearing health care reform proposals .
Only Miller is cooperating with Conyers – remaining a co-sponsor of HR 676 and holding hearings .
In fact , Miller ’s committee today held the first ever Congressional hearing on HR 676 .
Conyers spoke last night on Capitol Hill at a dinner in honor of outgoing Public Citizen President Joan Claybrook .
“ There are three committees that have been designated to work on ( health care ) on the House side , ” Conyers said .
“ [ They are headed by ] three dear buddies of mine – Charlie Rangel , Henry Waxman and George Miller .
Guess what ?
All of them were on single payer ( HR 676 ) . ”
“ Guess what ?
All of them got off except for George Miller of California .
Not only did he not get off , he said — you want a hearing , you got a hearing . ”
“ It ’s one thing to go down in defeat , which I do n’t plan to do by the way , ” Conyers said .
“ But it ’s another thing to say – we do n’t want to hear the most popular bill .
I ’ve got 79 co-sponsors .
Seventy - nine men and women saying – let ’s get this thing on .
We ’ve got 300 to 400 unions .
We ’ve had three polls .
The American people have spoken . ”
“ And here I am in the most Democratically controlled legislature in my life .
And they are saying – it ’s kind of too late because we have to get this thing through by the end of July .
And we do n’t have time . ”
“ Hey look – I ’ve worked on this too damn long to let anybody – I ’m going to every Committee not just Miller ’s .
Charlie Rangel – get ready for your pal to come to your Committee . ”
“ Henry Waxman , my brilliant friend , open up your door .
And then if you want to try to pull something that ’s okay .
But to tell me it ’s too late – I ’ve got news for you .
That means you really did n’t know me all of these years . ”
“ We ’re going to have HR 676 heard in every committee of the House of Representatives or my name ai n’t John Conyers . ”
“ I do n’t mind losing a debate or losing the vote , but Jesus Christ do n’t tell me that my proposal is off the table before we start , without even a hearing , ” Conyers said .
“ What kind of a Democratic congress is this ? ” he asked .
Conyers also gave the back of his hand to President Obama .
“ I ’ve finally persuaded my favorite president in life to – not put single payer on the table – but to at least let me in the room , ” Conyers said .
“ That was a great complement I suppose . ”
“ How are you going to have a transformational health care program that has been vaunted and touted for so long if you take the most popular remedy for it off the table to begin the negotiations ? ”
Conyers asked .
“ You wo n’t get it . ”
“ The reason is elementary Dear Watson , ” Conyers said .
“ The corporate health care people , the insurance people do n’t want to leave the room .
And they are not leaving the room .
And as long as they are there , you are going to have some sad version of the same crap you were supposed to be fixing in the first place . ”
( Listen to audio of Conyers ’ remarks here . )
Irish - run broadcaster Setanta 's UK division filed for bankruptcy protection Tuesday , while ESPN have purchased the rights to broadcast English Premier League in the UK for the 2009 /2010 season .
Setanta released a statement Tuesday saying that the UK division of the company was going into administration , but the Irish and international branches would continue to function as normal .
" After a huge effort by the Setanta board , management team and its backers , it has not been possible to save the GB business , which will be wound down in due course , ” said Deloitte ’s Neville Khan , whose company is handing the administration process .
" This is a sad day for all concerned , ’ said Setanta chairman Robin Miller .
” Unfortunately , in a difficult and highly competitive market , and despite strenuous efforts by the board and management , it has not been possible to find sufficient additional funds in the time available to ensure ( the company 's ) survival . "
Around 200 jobs are expected to be lost as a result of the announcement .
Setanta lost the rights to show both the English Premier League ( EPL ) and Scottish Premier League ( SPL ) games in the UK market when they failed to make payments of £ 10 million ( $ 16.5 million ) and £ 3 million ( $ 5 million ) to each respective league .
At one point it looked like the company might be rescued by a £ 20 million ( $ 33 million ) investment from American businessman Leonard Blavatnik , but the billionaire investor pulled out of the deal to purchase a 51 percent share of the company when negotiations broke down .
The following day , the EPL announced that time was up for Setanta and rights to the 46 - game package were up for tender .
Things got worse when the SPL told Setanta that failure to hold up their financial obligations meant that it had also lost that contract .
Given that 400,000 of the channel ’s 1.2 million subscribers came from Scotland , this was another huge blow to the ailing company .
Developments over the past few days do not affect Setanta customers in the United States .
The company posted the following message on its U.S.
Web site today :
" As has been widely reported in various media channels , Setanta Sports has had its agreement to broadcast 46 Barclays Premier League matches in the UK terminated .
" This development does not affect our channels and other services in the U.S .
" Setanta Sports in the U.S. is a separate operation that has separate agreement to show the Barclay ’s Premier League .
Our channels and other services in the US continue to broadcast and our subscribers can still enjoy our programming including the Lions Tour of South Africa and the UEFA U21 European Championship .
" New customers are welcome to subscribe to watch some of the world ’s best soccer and rugby either by contacting our cable and satellite partners or online at www.setanta.com.
" We thank you for your continued interest in Setanta Sports and look forward to bringing you a wealth of sport over the coming months and years . "
ESPN took full advantage of Setanta ’s precarious financial situation by purchasing the rights to broadcast 46 English Premier League games in the UK for the 2009 - 2010 season .
" We are clearly delighted that our bid for exclusive media rights to the Barclays Premier League matches in the UK has been successful , " said ESPN Managing Director in Europe , Middle East and Africa Lynne Frank .
ESPN also was awarded the 23 match package that Setanta had for the three seasons after next .
Richard Scudamore , Premier league Chief Executive , was happy to strike a partnership with the American company , which is owned by The Walt Disney Corporation .
" The Premier League is extremely pleased to have added ESPN as a UK rights holder .
They have a formidable worldwide reputation and experience in sports and I am sure we will enjoy a long and fruitful relationship with them . "
Robo-chefs have shown off their cooking skills at the International Food Machinery and Technology Expo in Tokyo .
The robots included one that made Japanese pancakes and another which served sushi with a life - like arm .
There was also a robot which came in the form of a table on wheels and served drinks and food , and another which chopped vegetables at great speed .
Most of the robots on display at the expo were for demonstration only and not yet for sale .
I like cigars , and I like pipe tobacco , but I ca n’t see myself making it more than a once a week or possibly even more infrequent hobby .
However , it ’s a waste for me to buy two ounces of pipe tobacco or a few cigars and let them sit in the fridge .
I wanted a humidor , but I did n’t quite want a huge box .
The bigger the box , the harder the element has to work to keep things moist .
So I knew I wanted a closed system in smaller but reliable format .
I also am cheap .
Everything you need to make a jaridor .
That ’s a single sponge from CVS ( but I have four ) , scissors , two salt shakers from walmart ( get the barrel kind ) , two flip top jars which seal ( toss the dessicant packets ) and the gel .
The gel I was trying to source from elsewhere but it ca n’t be done without matching the cigar shop cost of $ 10 for enough to fill one of the jars .
Here ’s a shaker and a sponge .
Notice how the sponge is the right height for the shaker .
Lucky us .
Peel the label off the shaker and ensure you can unscrew the top .
It need not fit well , but you do want the sponge to be the correct height .
Notice the sponge is cut here .
We can use the lid for the width guide .
We could probably also worry about the depth but the goal is n’t to occupy the entire volume of the shaker with the sponge .
This is what this needs to look like when it ’s done .
Notice the sponge fits in without being compressed .
Also notice there ’s space at the edges .
This will be important later when you put the polyethylene glycol ( “ PG ” ) in .
It lets you sight into the glass without opening the humidor and shake things up .
The top of the shakers is open so salt can pass through , but in our case it keeps our tobacco out and lets moisture pass through .
Why PG instead of water ?
Well with water you could do it by weight , but you end up doing a lot of math for the standing water .
Since we know about how much PG we need for an affinity to water , this lets us use any amount of stuff ( I used about a quarter of the bottle ) and still hit the correct humidity .
Also with the standing water solution – or water only – you run the risk of the water condensing anywhere it feels like .
With PG , you ’re assured it ’s going to be wicked up out of the atmosphere if this system forces the water to condense .
Now , a note on these sponges .
After I cut mine up and assembled these , I noticed a rubber smell .
I took hot water and ran it through a few times to get the smell out .
The gaskets on the jars had no detectable odor so I let them go dry .
This is what the whole jaridor looks like right before we fill it with sweet , sweet adult candy .
Notice you can see in the side at the level of PG as the humidor works .
And there you have it .
A note on the pipe tobacco – just leave the bags open if you have two smaller bags like I do and stuff them both in .
In the future if you want to dedicate an entire jar here ( five ounces of tobacco by my guessdimate ) , you can get rid of the bags entirely since the top of the salt shaker should keep the tobacco away from the PG .
You may want to move the shaker to the top if you do this .
But , for general use , we can put two bags in there with the tops open and it will still be properly humidified .
Now , a note on adding poly glycol , the stuff comes premixed and PG does n’t evaporate .
The proper ratio is 50/50 water / PG , so when the level gets low ( if it can possibly get low in this setup ) then add water .
The bottle I have says “ ADD MORE PRODUCT ” but you ’ll end up closer to 33/66 if you do , which will quickly hurt your efforts .
Happy smoking .
The Senate has rejected a Government bill to set up a fund to help commercial property companies that are struggling to refinance their loans .
The Greens combined with the Opposition to defeat the so - called " Ruddbank " plan .
The Coalition said the plan put too much taxpayers ' money at risk .
Greens Leader Bob Brown says he refused to support it because the Government would not back his proposal to put a $ 1 million cap on the salaries of executives whose companies used the fund .
" You 'll find no - one in the public system anywhere in Australia , including the prime minister , who are getting anywhere near $ 1 million a year , " Senator Brown said .
" Yet this Labor Government says [ they are ] not prepared to put such a cap on the captains of a development corporation which is failing and which requires the diversion of public funds away from education , health and other essential services to bail them out . "
Federal Treasurer Wayne Swan says the Opposition is risking the livelihoods of thousands of people by voting against it .
Mr Swan says the Senate 's actions mean that thousands of Australians involved with the commercial property sector could lose their jobs including plumbers , electricians and carpenters .
American scientists , showing the reckless disregard for the warnings implicit in quality science fiction that is so regrettably common in the boffinry community , have revived an ancient lifeform which has been slumbering beneath the Arctic ice pack for 120,000 years .
To add insult to injury , the scientists believe that their laboratory revenant may be related to indestructible super - aliens yet to be discovered on extraterrestrial iceworlds .
The creature in question is named Herminiimonas glaciei , and was revived from its aeons - long sleep by Dr Jennifer Loveland - Curtze and her colleagues from Pennsylvania State University .
The purplish - brown , blobby entity was " coaxed back to life with great patience " , according to Penn State .
The thinking is that if life can survive millennia of terrible cold beneath a glacier here on Earth , it might do so on other planets - perhaps here in the solar system , under the Martian or possible lunar icecaps .
" These extremely cold environments are the best analogues of possible extraterrestrial habitats " , says Loveland - Curtze .
" The exceptionally low temperatures can preserve cells and nucleic acids for even millions of years ... studying these bacteria can provide insights into how cells can survive and even grow under extremely harsh conditions , such as temperatures down to - 56˚C , little oxygen , low nutrients , high pressure and limited space . "
Loveland - Curtze believes that study of H Glacei in the lab can be done safely , as it is a micro-organism , rather than a huge , ravening blobomination type of affair .
In fact , it 's uncommonly small and puny even for a bacterium - 10 to 50 times smaller even than the well - known E Coli , and correspondingly more capable of worming its way in where it is n't wanted .
Loveland - Curtze assures us that H Glacei is n't a deadly pathogen like E Coli , however .
Though she does sound a note of caution :
" It can pass through a 0.2 micron filter , which is the filter pore size commonly used in sterilization of fluids in laboratories and hospitals , " she warns .
" If there are other ultra -small bacteria that are pathogens , then they could be present in solutions presumed to be sterile .
In a clear solution very tiny cells might grow but not create the density sufficient to make the solution cloudy " .
In summary , then , we 're looking at an ancient lifeform - albeit tiny - recently wakened by meddling scientists from its hundred - thousand - year sleep beneath the polar icecap .
It 's capable of surviving , perhaps , in the most hostile alien interplanetary environments known to man .
It can evade mankind 's toughest lab sterilisation precautions .
Meanwhile humanity may be nearing its first attempt at a manned mission to Mars .
Coincidence ?
Or have the glacial supermicrobes , having long ago seeded Earth , merely been waiting for a vector species to arise and carry them onward to Mars for the next stage in their campaign of interplanetary conquest ?
Loveland - Curtze and Co's scholarly paper can be read by those with the relevant subscription here . ®
A motor sport expert has dismissed a leaked calendar showing Adelaide as a host city for a breakaway Formula One competition .
British media reports say a leaked calendar of the proposed rebel championships would start next year in Buenos Aires and end in Adelaide .
The leaked calendar lists 17 race venues but does not include Melbourne .
The Formula One Teams Association has proposed the rival competition in a dispute with the sport 's peak body , the FIA .
Motor racing consultant Mike Drewer says the calendar is based on speculation .
" Not surprisingly Adelaide because it was very , very popular when it had Formula One , " he said .
" Adelaide 's been listed on a theoretical calendar but it's a bit like trying to work out who might be the members of a cabinet if there was a change in government , a lot of journalists have got around and had a bit of a stab at it . "
The Confederation of Australian Motor Sport has also cast doubt on the calendar .
Sony has just announced its motion controller .
The overall look of it will change before it is shipped .
The motion controller will use the PlayStation Eye to track the controller .
The tech - demo showed the greatest 1:1 motion tracking available .
This could be big for casual gamers on the PS3 .
Set for release in Spring 2010 .
Stay here on PlayStation LifeStyle for our live - bloggin of E3 .
How many times have you wondered where did I leave my keys ?
Activity in your hippocampus and medial temporal lobes encodes the answer .
A new study using high resolution brain imaging has shown that the encoding of memories involves the precise pattern of activity of a very large number of neurons in the human hippocampus .
The hippocampus and surround medial temporal lobes are important parts of the brain for our ability to navigate , form and recall memories , and imagine future experience .
This study found that the pattern of activity can be read like a map to accurately “ predict ” what environment you are in and your location within the environment .
A group of Neuroscientists at the Welcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging at University College London led by Dr. Eleanor Maguire have imaged the pattern of activity in the hippocampus and surrounding medial temporal lobe of human subjects while they navigated around a virtual environment .
The researchers asked if there is a reliable pattern of activity in the hippocampus , like a map , that can be read to predict where the subject is in the environment .
The results of this study are “ yes ” — there is a functional structure to the pattern of activity in the human hippocampus that encodes your location in an environment .
This study used high resolution brain imaging fMRI and a new analysis that looked at the pattern of active voxels in the human hippocampus and medial temporal lobes .
A voxel is like a pixel , but the voxel is 3D and in brain imaging it represents a small volume of the brain .
The subjects ’ brains were imaged as they moved around a virtual environment that had a green and blue room .
Remarkably , the scientists were able to predict which room and where it the room the subject was just by the pattern of active voxels .
Activity in the medial temporal lobe predicted whether the subject was in the green or blue room .
And the pattern of active voxels in the hippocampus predicted their location in that room .
These are exciting findings , especially when you stop to think about how many neurons are imaged in a single voxel .
Even with high resolution imaging there are about 10,000 neurons in each voxel .
This means that navigating around an environment and remembering your location depends on the coordinated firing of tens of thousands of neurons in our hippocampus and medial temporal lobes .
But perhaps even more amazing is that this team of neuroscientists has shown that they can accurately decode this pattern of brain activity .
So the next time you lose your keys it will be the activity of many thousands of neurons in your medial temporal lobe that will help you remember which room you left them in .
And it will be the precise pattern of activity among tens of thousand of neurons in your hippocampus that will help you to recall the exact location of your keys in that room .
For more information about Dr. Maguire ’s research you can go to her webpage .
For more information about this study you can read the paper published in the journal Current Biology .
Current Biology , Volume 19 , Issue 7 , 546-554 , 12 March 2009
Decoding Neuronal Ensembles in the Human Hippocampus
Demis Hassabis1 , Carlton Chu1 , Geraint Rees1,2 , Nikolaus Weiskopf1 , Peter D. Molyneux3 and Eleanor A. Maguire1 ,
1 Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging , Institute of Neurology , University College London , 12 Queen Square , London WC1N 3BG , UK
2 Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience , University College London , 17 Queen Square , London WC1N 3AR , UK
3 Lionhead Studios , 1 Occam Court , Surrey Research Park , Guildford , Surrey GU2 7YQ , UK
These are grim days for Blu-ray , a technology once heralded as the future of high - definition home video .
According to a new poll from Harris Interactive , although the sales of HDTVs has continued to climb , the overwhelming majority of Americans have not yet bought into the Blu-ray craze .
The results of an April survey show that 93 percent of adults in this country still have not purchased a Blu-ray player , down only three percent since May of 2008 .
( The survey does show that some consumers use video - game systems such as the Sony PlayStation3 to play Blu-ray discs . )
Internationally , the news is no better .
The global video business lost somewhere north of $ 2.6 billion in 2008 alone , says trade publication Screen Digest , amid slackening sales and limited discretionary spending .
Who 's to blame ?
Milton Ellis , Vice President and Senior Consultant , at Harris , said in a statement that Blu-ray , particularly , is facing stiff competition from cable , satellite , and the Web .
" Consumers today can easily watch high definition TV channels or use the Internet or video - on - demand to access high definition movies , " he said .
" In the near future , access to high definition movies may be a download or streaming delivery of one ’s favorite movies to a home media server that eliminates the need for a Blu-ray player and Blu-ray disc . "
At the same time , the file - sharing practices that decimated the record industry are threatening to cut into video sales – thousands of hi-definition movies and TV shows are available for free , if you know where to look .
An uptick ?
Over at PC World , David Coursey writes that , " most of us will end up with Blu-ray , because it comes as part of whatever we purchase next , be it a computer or video player . "
But the numbers from Harris are n't particularly reassuring – at least in the short run .
Of the 2,401 Americans surveyed , only 25 percent planned to switch to Blu-ray completely , and 43 percent want prices to come down significantly before they invest .
More sobering still , only 21 percent of Americans appear to be replacing or duplicating their existing standard format DVD library with Blu-ray format , Harris said .
---
For more tech news , follow us on Twitter .
5 exclusive casting auditions of robots who did not make it for Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen .
You can watch them below :
Photoshop is one of the best graphic designing software .
I do n’t think that there would be any designers who have not used Photoshop .
They are aware of the awesome power of Photoshop .
You have to imagine the concept of your design and it can be easily done on Photoshop .
Creative , unique and beautiful text effect designs greatly amplify the viewing experience of your visitors .
Beautiful and creative text effects play a vital role in designing unique type of titles , banners , and even logos .
So to charge up your typography or text designing skills , you can very well take the help of Photoshop Text Effect Tutorials .
Here , we have listed 30 Beautiful Photoshop Text Effect Tutorials which will assist you to create amazing text effect designs .
So sharpen your Photoshop skill - set and learn to create great awesome text designs through the Photoshop Text Effect Tutorials that we have shown below .
Photoshop is so much powerful that even an experience designer finds it hard to explain its power .
There is no limit what you can design on Photoshop .
In this series , I have listed 30 beautiful Photoshop Text effects tutorials .
I just want to suggest that even if you are not interested in Photoshop tutorial just watch those text effect you will be amazed with these Text Effect created on Photoshop .
Amazing Photoshop Text Effect Tutorials
4. Create a Layered Glowing Text Effect
6. Create a 3D Flowery Text Effect
7. Create a Spectacular Grass Text Effect in Photoshop
9. Create a Spectacular Flaming Meteor Effect on Text
10 . 3D Textured Text Effect
11 . Advanced Glow Effects
13 . Dramatic Text on Fire Effect in Photoshop
16 . Maddening Text Effect in Photoshop
17 . Transparent Glass Lettering in Photoshop
20 . Stunning 3D effects in 30 minutes
Former Elbrus employee , Vladimir Pentkovski is a leading Intel processor architect .
The core of the Russian Elbrus team has been together for over 40 years , developing supercomputers for the former Soviet Union 's defence establishments .
Pentkovski carried to Intel many advanced Elbrus technologies .
According to microprocessor expert Keith Diefendorff : " Elbrus has developed computers based on superscalar , shared memory multiprocessing , and EPIC techniques , long before papers on those subjects appeared in the West . "
At Elbrus , by that time transformed into the Institute of Precision Mechanics and Computing Equipment of the USSR Academy of Sciences , Vladimir Pentkovski took part in the development of Elbrus - 1 ( 1978 ) and Elbrus - 2 ( 1984 ) supercomputers and led the development of El - 90 superscalar 32 - bit microprocessors .
Superscalar architecture was invented in Russia .
According to Keith Diefendorff , in 1978 almost 15 years ahead of Western superscalar processors , Elbrus implemented a two - issue out - of - order processor with register renaming and speculative execution .
The chief architect of Elbrus supercomputers , Boris A. Babaian , says : " In 1978 we developed world - first superscalar computer , Elbrus - 1 .
At present all Western superscalar processor have just the same architecture .
The first Western superscalar processor appeared in 1992 while ours arrived in 1978 .
Moreover , our variant of superscalar is analogous to the Pentium Pro introduced by Intel in 1995 . "
The Elbrus - 1 processor instruction set ( named El - 76 ) was very complicated .
Complex El - 76 instructions were translated by special units to simple micro-operations .
In 1984 , the Elbrus - 2 was built .
It had essentially the same architecture .
In 1986 the 32 - bit El - 90 microprocessor project was started by a team headed by Vladimir M. Pentkovski .
The technical statement of work was created in 1987 .
The first El - 90 prototypes were built in 1990 .
The El - 90 architecture reflects a combination of RISC and Elbrus - 2 ideas .
El - 90 featured - half a million transistors - 32 - bit - simplified instruction set ( as comparad with Elbrus - 2 ) , the majority of which could be executed in one cycle - superscalar architecture capable of executing two instructions per clock cycle - speculative execution - out - of - order execution - branch prediction - register renaming - high - performance pipelined floating point unit - sufficient cache - 10 - way multiprocessing support - debugging support
In 1990 Pentkovski begun work on El - 91S , the successor to the El - 90 .
But due to political and economical changings in Russia financing ceased .
For a period from 1991 to 1999 , we do n't know what Pentkovski was doing .
In 1999 his name has appeared again , in the Intel Technical Journal .
According to it , Vladimir Pentkovski led the development of Pentium III processor architecture .
You can find this reference to Pentkovski here .
We would also like to remind you that in 1993 Intel introduced 32 - bit Pentium processor with lots of new features - x86 instruction set is very complicated .
Pentium has a special unit which translates complex x86 instructions to simple RISC - like ones - superscalar architecture capable of executing two instructions per cycle - branch prediction - pipelined floating point unit - sufficient cache - 2 - way multiprocessing support - debugging support
In 1995 Intel introduced better architecture , the Pentium Pro - improved x86 instruction decoder unit - improved superscalar architecture - speculative execution - out - of - order execution - branch prediction - register renaming - high - performance pipelined floating point unit - improved 2 - way multiprocessing support - debugging support
It could be that the Pentium is named after Pentkovski .
And now Pentkovski's former chief , Boris Babaian , is going to bash Intel with a revolutionary new Elbrus E2 k micropocessor .
® Andrei Fatkullin is a journalist at Russian wire Computerra
Get our Tech Resources
Venezuelan police uncovered a cache of weapons and explosives at a Caracas apartment and later detained four foreigners on suspicion of planning terrorist acts , authorities said Saturday .
While announcing the detentions , Justice Minister Tareck El Aissami accused foes of President Hugo Chavez of " looking for violence , " although he did not link the case to the political opposition .
Chavez has repeatedly charged that the opposition is plotting to assassinate him or spur his ouster .
El Aissami said a police raid Friday on an apartment near the capital 's center found C - 4 explosive , electric detonator systems , thousands of cartridges , and 14 rifles of different models , including five with telescopic sights , five with laser sights and one with a silencer .
Documents and a computer found there were being studied , he said .
" This type of military arsenal is used for military actions and operations , with the precise objective of wiping out adversaries , " he said .
Without giving any details , El Aissami said the discovery led to the detention of three citizens of the Dominican Republic _ Luini Omar Campusano de la Cruz , 38 ; Edgar Floiran Sanchez , 29 ; and Diomedis Campusano Perez , 31 _ and a Frenchman , Laurent Frederic Bocquet , whose age was not given .
El Aissami said Bocquet was believed to be a member of the military " of a European country " as well as " terrorist organization . "
He did not identify either .
Chavez has long talked of opposition schemes to oust him .
Last October , he accused opposition leader Manuel Rosales of involvement in a purported assassination plot .
Prosecutors later accused Rosales of illegal enrichment while he was governor of western Zulia state , prompting him to get political asylum in Peru last month .
On Saturday , Chavez congratulated Venezuela 's police and intelligence services for the arrests and offered praise for ordinary citizens .
" Many times , these cases happen because people see strange things _ people coming , people going .
And they inform , " he said .
Last May , Chavez decreed that Venezuelans would have to act as informants if authorities believed they had information on national security threats , setting a four - prison term for noncooperative citizens .
He rescinded the law a month later after human rights groups expressed concern that it could stifle dissent .
If you have n’t jumped into the Cloud Computing bandwagon yet , here are ten reasons why you should reconsider .
Note : The above image is licensed under a Creative Commons License .
Feel free to use it .
Cloud Computing makes your IT excessively dependent on the Internet
Cloud Computing exists on the premise that the Internet will always be as robust and reliable for all time to come .
While one can be fairly optimistic , there is always the danger of the unforeseen .
For example , Congressmen in the United States are pushing for bills that can shutdown / limit Internet traffic in the event of war , so that the sheeple stick to their prescribed content on television .
Another country , Syria , managed to completely erase itself from the Internet when civil war broke out in late 2012 .
If a Company loses Internet connectivity to its Cloud even for a few days , as a result of an Internet outage affecting either it or the Cloud Computing Service , there could be very damaging consequences .
I am not talking about your E - store going offline .
Suppose the daily activities of your Company were on a database on a Cloud ?
In such a scenario , you may wish your servers were in that makeshift bunker in your backyard , rather than on the Cloud .
And because of its dependence on the Internet , Cloud Computing can never perform as a substitute for in - house servers .
For example , there are speed limits , related to hardware and bandwidth , when transferring data to and from the Cloud via the Internet .
Using VPNs and SSL tunnels can further slow the speed .
Cloud Computing will attract clients mainly from Western markets
Cloud Computing implicitly assumes that the Internet is as robust throughout the world as it is in North America , Europe and some parts of Asia .
But clients from countries where Internet connectivity is sporadic will be discouraged from boarding the Cloud .
And no , I am not talking about Namibia .
IT powerhouse India still has sporadic Internet connectivity .
The general speed of the Internet is still very poor .
The infrastructure is so haphazard that most Indian Internet subscribers prefer the limited speeds of wireless mobile Internet from the cell phone companies , rather than trust the cable / landline infrastructure .
In addition , uninterrupted supply of electricity is still unrealised in India .
A power outage affecting any intermediary can cripple access to the Cloud .
Indian IT giants have learnt the hard way not to trust state infrastructure , even for electricity .
They keep their own backup power generation on site .
Adopting any trend that makes them more dependent on state infrastructure will require more than a leap of faith .
Cloud Computing makes you dependent on the goodwill of your ISP
Cloud Computing may require gratuitous bandwidth for the client , depending on what the client is hosting on the Cloud .
And the same ISPs who are clamouring for bandwidth caps may charge and arm and a leg if the client exceeds his or her bandwidth quota .
Cloud Computing can expose you to the unethical practices of your ISP
Major ISPs have come under fire for spying on their customer ’s P2P networks on behalf of the Recording Industry .
Can these ISPs be trusted with sensitive traffic to and from the Cloud ?
We are told that everything will be encrypted through VPNs .
But still , given the tainted role of ISPs , can ISPs be trusted for non-encrypted traffic ?
Cloud Computing is against the spirit of Personal Computing
Personal Computers were meant to empower individuals , make them more independent and productive .
Most of today ’s industry heavyweights owe their success to living up to these expectations .
Microsoft and IBM ’s unexpected touting of Cloud Computing is more akin to Toyota adopting the business model of a car rental agency ( If that were to happen , Toyota may likewise rebrand itself in the fashion of Silicon Valley , as a subscription based Transport Service Provider ) .
It is no surprise that old timers , such as Steve Wozniak who have been at the forefront of the development of personal computing , have publicly voiced their concerns over Cloud Computing .
Cloud Computing makes your Cloud Data subject to American law
Since most of the major Cloud Computing servers are operated by companies based in the United States , data you put on your Cloud is subject to American law .
And the American law in turn , is subject to overrides , loopholes , “ Patriot Acts , ” and exceptions , depending on which governmental agency ( or which person / interest ) wants your data .
You may not even be informed that your data was compromised for the same reason Jack Bauer gets away with torturing his hostages / prisoners ( national security ) .
And even if there is no “ national security ” issue , Cloud data no longer needs a warrant to be obtained by the authorities .
To quote ,
CLOUD DATA Documents , Photos , and Other Stuff Stored Online How They Get It : Authorities typically need only a subpoena to get data from Google Drive , Dropbox , SkyDrive , and other services that allow users to store data on their servers , or “ in the cloud , ” as it ’s known .
What the Law Says :
The law treats cloud data the same as draft emails — authorities do n’t need a warrant to get it .
But files that you ’ve shared with others — say , a collaboration using Google Docs — might require a warrant under the ECPA if it ’s considered “ communication ” rather than stored data .
“ That ’s a very hard rule to apply , ” says Greg Nojeim , a senior counsel with the Center for Democracy & Technology .
“ It actually makes no sense for the way we communicate today . ”
And before reaching the Cloud , your data will pass through American ISPs that provide the Cloud with uptime .
It could be intercepted by State Agencies even before it reaches the Cloud .
A case point is that of Amazon Web Services , a flagship of the cloud computing model .
Amazon Web Services quietly booted whistleblowing website Wikileaks off their cloud computing servers .
This was done without any court order .
Looks like Amazon Web Services is also a flagship of the American government .
In another piece of news , Amazon has won a $ 600 million contract to build a Cloud Computing System for the CIA .
Most American businesses with a shred of integrity in this regard have already closed doors , and therefore those that remain in business should be considered suspect .
Take the case of Lavabit , a highly secure ( and free ) POP / IMAP / Webmail email service .
This service was used by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden .
On 8th August 2013 , Lavabit users were greeted with the following message :
My Fellow Users , I have been forced to make a difficult decision : to become complicit in crimes against the American people or walk away from nearly ten years of hard work by shutting down Lavabit .
After significant soul searching , I have decided to suspend operations .
I wish that I could legally share with you the events that led to my decision .
I cannot .
I feel you deserve to know what ’s going on –the first amendment is supposed to guarantee me the freedom to speak out in situations like this .
Unfortunately , Congress has passed laws that say otherwise .
As things currently stand , I can not share my experiences over the last six weeks , even though I have twice made the appropriate requests .
What ’s going to happen now ?
We ’ve already started preparing the paperwork needed to continue to fight for the Constitution in the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals .
A favorable decision would allow me resurrect Lavabit as an American company .
This experience has taught me one very important lesson : without congressional action or a strong judicial precedent , I would _strongly_ recommend against anyone trusting their private data to a company with physical ties to the United States .
Sincerely ,
Ladar Levison
Owner and Operator , Lavabit LLC
Defending the constitution is expensive !
Help us by donating to the Lavabit Legal Defense Fund here .
Or take the case of Cryptoseal Privacy , a VPN service which suddenly shuttered leaving perplexed users with the following message :
With immediate effect as of this notice , CryptoSeal Privacy , our consumer VPN service , is terminated .
All cryptographic keys used in the operation of the service have been zerofilled , and while no logs were produced ( by design ) during operation of the service , all records created incidental to the operation of the service have been deleted to the best of our ability .
Essentially , the service was created and operated under a certain understanding of current US law , and that understanding may not currently be valid .
As we are a US company and comply fully with US law , but wish to protect the privacy of our users , it is impossible for us to continue offering the CryptoSeal Privacy consumer VPN product .
In other words , if your service provider is based in America and has n’t already shuttered over ethical concerns , chances are that it is sharing your data with the NSA .
Cloud Computing can expose your Confidential Data to “ Corrupt Elements ” ( and no , I am not talking about hackers and identity thieves )
Since corruption in Western society is more of an invitation - only club , most people refer to it only in couched terms .
But unless you are really naive , it is a reality you must be prepared to deal with .
Back in 2004 , a Utah guy got an application for a major credit card .
The problem was that the name and address on the application had only been provided to the Registry of Motor Vehicles .
The bad news is not that American State Agencies have backdoor access to American corporations .
Rather , American corporations have an incestuous relationship with American State Agencies .
If suppose you are a non-American corporation with your Cloud hosted by an American corporation , and your main competitor is an American heavyweight with backdoor access to the State Agencies , your confidential data on the Cloud may be just a few phone calls away .
American corporations are known to use the State Agencies as personal armies , although very little of this gets documented .
Worse , if the CEO of the Company that hosts your Cloud and the CEO of your competitor belong to the same fraternity , your confidential data on the cloud may be just a handshake away .
Of course , your data on the Cloud is encrypted and cannot be accessed by anyone other than yourself .
But then , there are always exceptions .
Amazon Web Services is considered to be a flagship of the Cloud Computing model .
In July 2009 , Amazon.com sneakily deleted etexts off its users Kindles .
Ironically , the extexts deleted were George Orwell ’s Animal Farm and 1984 .
Both these books deal with the suppression of dissent by totalitarian regimes .
The furore that followed the move was attributed to the fact that Amazon.com had remotely deleted files that were on the user ’s own device , and therefore the move was like a hacker - style intrusion .
But if suppose the Kindle followed the Cloud Computing model , where ebooks were read and stored online instead of the device itself , Amazon.com would probably never get caught .
And the unavailablity of these titles could be attributed to an innocuous server outage .
In April 2010 , China hijacked the Internet for 18 minutes by “ tricking ” other telecom routers .
Nearly 15 % of all American civilian and military Internet traffic was quietly redirected into Chinese networks before being rerouted without delay .
If your cloud data transfers were included in this traffic , there is a possibility that it is being dissected somewhere in Beijing .
Regular users of cloud computing should be warned that their data transfers can fall into the hand of whichever nation that goes on a bandwidth sucking rampage .
Cloud Computing is sounding more like a Lobby than a Trend
Suddenly , all ringers , gurus , and experts are clamouring for Cloud Computing .
Articles are appearing in respectable publications weighing the pros and cons .
Business heads are flaunting how they managed to cut costs .
Does this remind you of Big Tobacco , Big Sugar , Big Science and Big Pharma ?
Do you buy into the pitch ?
Are you willing to “ invest ” your data in the scheme ?
Cloud Computing may be of little consequence for the Average Small Business
The May 2009 issue of WIRED carried an interesting article on Cloud Computing , highlighting pros and cons .
The key example cited in favour of Cloud Computing was an Eli Lily information consultant , who as a client of Amazon Web Services uses his iPhone to run “ genomic analysis ” on the Cloud .
How many businesses executives can picture themselves doing this ?
Cloud Computing may not contribute to your national economy
When you buy the hardware , software and technical expertise for setting up a server locally , you are supporting several local businesses .
With Cloud Computing , you bypass all of these .
But are n’t the major Cloud Computing providers American owned and American based ?
Yes they are .
But when they get things figured out , they might consider outsourcing .
And Cloud Computing is very feasible to outsource .
Given their track record , they do n’t exactly cherish employing Americans , unless Obama forces them to do so .
Update ( An Eleventh Reason ? ) : Cloud Computing may not be as reliable as touted .
To quote AP News 21/04/2011 ,
Major websites including Foursquare and Reddit crashed or suffered slowdowns Thursday after technical problems rattled Amazon.com ’s widely used Web servers , frustrating millions of people who could n’t access their favorite sites .
Though better known for selling books , DVDs and other consumer goods , Amazon also rents out space on huge computer servers that run many websites and other online services .
The problems began at an Amazon data center near Dulles Airport outside Washington and persisted into the afternoon .
The failures were widespread , but they varied in severity .
HootSuite , which lets users monitor Twitter and other social networks more easily , was down completely , as was questions - and - answers site Quora .
The location - sharing social network Foursquare experienced glitches , while the news - sharing site Reddit was in “ emergency read - only mode . ”
Many other companies that use Amazon Web Services , like Netflix Inc. and Zynga Inc. , which runs Facebook games , appeared to be unscathed .
Amazon has at least one other major data center that stayed up , in California .
No one knew for sure how many people were inconvenienced , but the services affected are used by millions .
Amazon Web Services provide “ cloud ” or utility - style computing in which customers pay only for the computing power and storage they need , on remote computers .
Lydia Leong , an analyst for the tech research firm Gartner , said that judging by details posted on Amazon ’s AWS status page , a network connection failed Thursday morning , triggering an automatic recovery mechanism that then also failed .
Amazon ’s computers are divided into groups that are supposed to be independent of each other .
If one group fails , others should stay up .
And customers are encouraged to spread the computers they rent over several groups to ensure reliable service .
But Thursday ’s problem took out many groups simultaneously .
Screengrab from an Amazon Web Services customer , Streetfire.net .
Dated 22/04/2011 @ 9:21 PM
AST .
Update ( a Twelfth reason ? ) : Michael Chertoff Loves Cloud Computing
In 1999 , an obscure conspiracy theorist , David Icke , made a startling claim .
He stated that the ruling elite of the Western world were actually shape - shifting lizards .
This theory became a laughing matter and was even used to smear genuine conspiracy theorists .
But no matter how much time passed , the theory would simply not die .
Ask any follower of Icke , and they will point you to images of the ruling elite , such as this photograph of Michael Chertoff ( Secretary of homeland security from 2005 to 2009 ) .
That is supposedly the face he makes before shape - shifting into a ten foot lizard .
Even we are to dismiss the claims of Icke ’s followers , the generally accepted consensus among the alternate media is that the man exists to defecate on the liberties of the American people .
Chertoff ’s grandpoppa is of Russian origin , and in Soviet Russia , Internet surfs YOU !
In a February 9th 2012 op - ed in the Washington post , Chertoff can be seen whining how EU privacy laws may “ balkanize ” the Internet , because American Cloud Computing providers will not be allowed to invade the privacy of their European customers .
Update ( A Thirteenth Reason ? ) :
Like it or not , Cloud Computing is being forced down your throat
In late June of 2012 , some Internet users discovered that they were being prevented from accessing certain websites that contained keywords relating to porn and copyright infringement .
It turns out that Cisco had remotely updated their router software , forcing them to use a new cloud service that censored websites containing the aforementioned keywords .
In order for the censorship to work , the urls the Internet users were visiting were being forwarded to Cisco ’s Connect Cloud Service and people rightly feared that Cisco was using the Cloud to spy on their Internet activities .
Cisco quickly backtracked and issued an apology .
Was the babyish - looking Windows 8 Tile Interface a sinister attempt to force down Cloud Computing ?
In more recent shenanigans , the babyish design of the Windows 8 tile interface was discovered to be another attempt to shove Cloud Computing on unsuspecting computer users .
While the Tile interface is great for touchscreens and tablets , it can be fairly problematic when it comes to managing files .
There is no way to access the Windows file system through it .
The Tiles got the Windows user base so grumpy that Windows 8 caused the most precipitous decline in PC history !
And the dumbed down approach has caused such consternation among power users that the free Windows 8.1 update restores the classic “ Start ” button and allows users to bypass the Tile interface to reach the good old “ Desktop . ”
Microsoft has touted the Tile interface as a way for your apps and programs to provide you with updated information while running in the background .
But the apps and programs that provide “ live ” info through Tiles are mainly cloud based apps .
For example , Microsoft charges a hefty price for its Outlook mail client .
Any rational user would expect that there would be an Outlook Tile which would notify them of new messages , reminders and calendar appointments , given the simplicity of programming such a Tile .
But no , there ai n’t .
The only usable Tile that can be used for email and calendar hooks up to Microsoft ’s cloud - based email service .
Outlook users drawing mail from their own email service providers are simply not invited to the Tile interface .
To quote on exasperated user :
They are trying to FORCE people into the cloud ,
Their cloud in order to get these tiles to work at all .
And another user :
I think that Microsoft will soon find itself under the guns of the law AGAIN if they do n’t release a way for people to use these features with an enterprise environment WITHOUT having to use their live accounts .
It is crazy to think that they are trying to force an enterprise user to use their mail and calendar apps , but wo n’t let you use your information locally in it .
I think that Microsoft ahs really missed the mark here .
I know that most tester and die - hards will just say “ use the main Outlook ” and I am .
Here is the point though , IF you are going to supposedly revolutionize Windows and take away a ] our START button and force us to use the new UI , Then the LEAST you can do is make all the bells and whistles offered work Locally and through your new online service .
Do n’t tell us that in order for it to work , we can only use yours .
The Mail and Calendar Tiles that do work in Windows 8 sync up with Microsoft ’s servers .
Given the fact that Microsoft has officially admitted to releasing the data of 137,424 of its users to various world governments , can it be trusted with such private information ?
Related
Techtangerine.com presents
Have you been Clouded ?
A great idea for your office / cubicle billboard .
Please click the image for details .
Get the Gear …..
Please shop at our store to keep this website and its contents online .
How do you feel about your information on the cloud ?
Good
Bad
Depends on whose cloud ( Amazon , Google )
Depends on which cloud ( American , Canadian ... )
Undecided View Results
Kulturstaatsminister Bernd Neumann machte sich auf der CDU MediaNight in Berlin am gestrigen Dienstagabend erneut für Internetsperren bei wiederholten Urheberrechtsverstößen stark .
" Wir dürfen nicht sagen , das geht nicht " , erklärte der CDU - Politiker .
Das Kappen von Netzverbindungen sei " überall möglich " , freute er sich über das Vorpreschen Frankreichs bei einem entsprechenden " Three Strikes " - Modell .
Aber auch in Österreich sei die Debatte in diesem Punkt " viel weiter " .
Er sei daher dabei , die Bedenken tragende Bundesjustizministerin Brigitte Zypries ( SPD ) " mit den Betroffenen " aus der Musikindustrie an einen Tisch zu bringen .
Die Labels müssten mit dem von ihnen gewünschten " Handlungsinstrumentarium " ausgerüstet werden , auch wenn die " abgestufte Erwiderung " Frankreichs nicht " Eins zu Eins " auf Deutschland zu übertragen sei .
Eine gesetzliche Regelung werde dann in der nächsten Legislaturperiode anstehen .
Generell erachtet es Neumann " als Erstes " weiter für nötig , " über die Sachverständigen hinaus eine Sensibilisierung auch im politischen Bereich für diese Thematik zu erzielen " .
Er bedankte sich daher für die Unterstützung durch den umstrittenen " Heidelberger Appell " gegen die Digitalisierungsbestrebungen von Büchern durch Google .
Der Aufruf habe " soviel Stimmung gemacht " , dass die damit verknüpften Copyright - Fragen auf EU - Ebene " salonfähig " geworden seien .
Mit Druck aus Brüssel und internationalen Verträgen wie möglicherweise auch dem geplanten Anti-Piraterieabkommen ACTA werde es dann einfacher , die von ihm und der Unterhaltungsindustrie befürworteten " Veränderungen " hinzubekommen .
" Wir haben das Internet sehr anarchisch , sehr kindisch und spielerisch diskutiert " , meinte Dieter Gorny , Chef des Bundesverbands der Musikindustrie .
( Bild : heise online / Stefan Krempl )
" Internetsperren sind vernünftig " , hatte zuvor auch Dieter Gorny , Vorstandsvorsitzender des Bundesverbands Musikindustrie , ein weiteres Mal Partei ergriffen für den französischen Ansatz .
" Wir haben das Internet sehr anarchisch , sehr kindisch und spielerisch diskutiert " , bemängelte der frühere Medienmacher .
Es sei immer als " Freiraum für den Mittelstand und die künstlerische Selbstverwirklichung " dargestellt worden .
Nun gehe der " Kern unserer Kultur " und damit auch 61 Milliarden schwere " Leitmärkte " verloren .
Daher müsse nun rasch eine Art " Flensburg fürs Internet " eingeführt werden , forderte Gorny in Anspielung auf die Verkehrssünderkartei .
Der Tutzinger Musikproduzent Leslie Mandoki fand den " französischen Versuch " ebenfalls " großartig " und zeigte sich gespannt , wie er funktioniere .
Prinzipiell müsse die Musikwirtschaft aber ihre Inhalte so gestalten , dass bei den Nutzern auch die Bereitschaft bestehe , für sie zu bezahlen .
Das als gigantische Selektionssystem fungierende Internet habe hier bereits zu einer Qualitätsverbesserung geführt .
Es komme nun darauf an , den Wert von Musik besser zu kommunizieren und das " Rechtsbewusstsein " zu fördern .
Nicht wirklich klagen konnte dagegen Katja Lucker , Vorsitzende des Vereins Kulturbrauerei , der einen der größeren Konzertveranstaltungsorte Berlins am Prenzlauer Berg betreibt : " Es geht uns gut . "
Die Menschen kämen , seien " emotionalisiert " und gäben nach wie vor Geld für Live - Auftritte aus .
" Dem Internetraub stehen wir aber genauso kritisch gegenüber " , betonte sie .
Die Künstler seien darüber " nicht glücklich " .
Siehe dazu auch :
( Stefan Krempl ) / ( jk )
" All round the fields of Anfield Road / Where once we watched the King Kenny play ( and he could play ) / Andrea Dossena on the wing /
We had dreams and songs to sing /
Of the glory round the fields of Anfield Road . "
Yep , you read that right ; Rafa 's gone off on one again .
This time , fourth - goal machine Andrea Dossena will be rampaging up and down the left , a modern - day George Best spliced with the best bits of Johan Cruyff .
Benitez has pulled selection surprises like this a couple of times already this season , notably away at Newcastle and Middlesbrough - so how will this one end up ?
Exactly the same team that beat Manchester United 2 - 0 the other week : Schwarzer , Pantsil , Hughes , Hangeland , Konchesky , Dempsey , Murphy , Etuhu , Davies , Zamora , Johnson .
Subs : Zuberbuhler , Nevland , Gera , Kamara , Dacourt , Kallio , Baird .
That title - chasing XI in full : Reina , Arbeloa , Insua , Carragher , Skrtel , Lucas , Alonso , Kuyt , Dossena , Torres , Gerrard .
Subs : Cavalieri , Agger , Ngog , Riera , Benayoun , Babel , Mascherano .
The word in brackets is not a spelling mistake : Steve Bennett ( Kent )
Kick off : 5.30 pm .
Andrea Dossena : seven million pounds worth of debate .
" Do n't see your problem with Dossena being on the left wing , " says Mark Slade .
" Liverpool need to win , he's not the greatest defender but is good going forward , and has the safety net of Insua on the same side .
And he 's a better option than Babel , that much I DO know .
Now watch Insua have a mare . "
Ah , but Insua looked fantastic round about the turn of the year , before he went off to play for the Argentina under - something - or - others , and was decent when he came back against Sunderland too .
He 's particularly good going forward - but defensively not quite up there with Fabio Aurelio yet .
Anything could happen here .
And we 're off !
Fulham set the ball rolling , and within 20 seconds Zamora clips a ball forward to Dempsey , who is free in the box down the inside - left channel !
Liverpool escape as the linesman flags for offside - but they 're lucky , because the Fulham man was miles on .
2 min :
This is a really open start .
Gerrard takes a hopeful swipe at a falling ball just a tad too far ahead of him in the Fulham box - his weak effort is deflected away - then Konchesky swings a decent deep cross into the Liverpool area from the left , forcing top book author Jamie Carragher to head clear with his eyebrows .
4 min : Liverpool calm things down by passing it around the back awhile .
Fulham seem quite happy to let them do so .
5 min : Again Fulham spring the Liverpool back line , Murphy pinging it straight down the middle for Johnson .
This is close as well ; I 'm not sure that was offside either , but once again that does n't stop the linesman raising his flag .
7 min : Dempsey threads the ball past Arbeloa down the left .
For a second it looks like he might get a shot on target but Skrtel and Carragher crowd him out .
They 're forced to concede a corner , from which nothing comes .
Fulham have their tails up here .
9 min : Cutting inside from the right , Arbeloa goes on a very long run down the centre of the pitch .
Fulham allow him to reach the edge of the box without so much as a challenge , but his attempt at a one - two with Torres does n't quite come off .
10 min : Torres , his back to goal , slips the ball to the left - hand edge of the area for the goal machine Dossena , who attempts a curler into the top right .
Schwarzer tips the ball over .
From the resulting corner , the ball drops out on the left to Skrtel , whose rising half - volley clips the top of the bar .
12 min : Liverpool are beginning to enjoy a lot of the ball .
Arbeloa cuts inside from the right ; he 's blocked .
Kuyt swings a low cross in from the same wing ; the ball 's hacked clear .
Gerrard sets
Kuyt off into acres down the right for a second time ; his attempt at standing the ball up to the far post is shanked behind for a goal kick .
14 min : Still , Liverpool will want to watch themselves at the back .
From nothing , Davies helps the ball down the right and suddenly Johnson is on his own with only Reina to beat !
Only problem is , Davies 's pass has just too much weight on it , and the keeper comes out to claim with insouciant ease .
16 min : Skrtel gifts the ball to Zamora with a terrible pass out of defence .
The Fulham striker steams forward and tries to slip Johnson free , but his right - to - left diagonal ball is too strong and flies out for a goal kick .
" Should n't you be referring to Goal Machine Andrea Dossena™ ? " wonders Patrick Crumlish .
" It 's his given name , after all . "
17 min : Good work by Lucas down the right , and suddenly Torres has a smidgen of space to cut into the box .
He 's tight on the byline and fires the ball into the centre - but Schwarzer has it covered all the way and claims before Kuyt can get anywhere near it .
19 min : Liverpool push Fulham back for a bit , Alonso nearly setting Dossena free with a first - time prod forward down the inside - left channel , then Insua cutting inside from the right and only just failing to slip Kuyt in on goal .
Fulham are looking confident at the back when push comes to shove , though .
21 min : Liverpool are passing it around a lot but are getting absolutely nowhere .
Fulham will be perfectly happy with the way the game has gone so far .
23 min : What a save by Schwarzer .
Alonso pings a ball out wide left to Dossena .
The £ 7 m scoring star cushions the ball with his instep and rolls it to Gerrard , who sweeps into the area and lays off to Torres .
The striker opens his body and steers the ball towards the bottom right - but the keeper is down quickly to palm the ball out .
For a second it looks as though Kuyt might be able to poke home the rebound , but - surprise , surprise - he can't get there quickly enough before the loose ball is cleared .
24 min : From a deep Kuyt cross from the right , Torres heads wide and high .
That was n't a particularly easy chance - he was falling backwards and under pressure from Hangeland - but then it was n't that difficult and so not a particularly good effort either .
26 min : This is all Liverpool at the moment .
Torres twists and turns on the edge of the area .
He loses possession - but immediately slides in to poke the ball out to Alonso 20 yards out .
Cutting in from the left , he takes an immediate wallop at the ball - but the effort is dragged well wide right .
30 min : It 's gone a bit scrappy .
31 min : Liverpool fans take advantage of the temporary lull in action to sing " Justice for the 96 " .
The 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster is 11 days away .
32 min : Alonso snaps the focus back to football : from a weak Fulham headed clearance , the Liverpool midfielder cuts across the ball on the edge of the area and sends a spectacular shot crashing off the right - hand side of the crossbar .
That 's the second time they 've hit the woodwork ; Liverpool have n't played brilliantly , but can now probably count themselves unlucky not to have the lead .
34 min : Torres scampers after a long ball down the left .
He goes as far out as the touchline , cuts inside , reaches the edge of the area and smashes a low shot towards the bottom left .
Schwarzer claims and holds on well with goal machine Dossena lurking .
35 min : If Liverpool were n't unlucky to be leading before , they certainly are now .
Gerrard slips a wonderful ball down the inside - right channel to spring Torres clear .
He draws Schwarzer out and dinks the ball over him and towards the unguarded goal - but the ball bounces off the bottom of the left - hand post and out .
Nobody 's there to follow in for the visitors , and Fulham survive .
37 min : THIS IS GETTING SILLY NOW .
Liverpool hit the woodwork for the fourth time , Gerrard swinging a superlative deep cross in from the right , Dossena meeting it with a Keith Houchenesque diving header .
The ball absolutely belabours the crossbar and twangs away from danger .
Dossena was only eight yards out , and probably should have scored ... but even so , Liverpool are stunningly unlucky at present .
40 min : Skrtel needlessly drags back Zamora , just outside his own box to the left of goal .
Dempsey tries to curl the ball into the top - right corner , but Dossena rushes out quickly to close the angle and the Fulham forward lifts the ball miles over the bar under pressure .
42 min : Now it 's Liverpool 's turn to be gifted a daft free kick on the edge of the opposition box .
Etuhu drags Torres , who has his back to goal , down just to the left of the box .
Gerrard tries to hammer it goalwards , but Murphy is out quickly to block , then clear .
43 min : Liverpool certainly realise how important it is to win tonight , and their New York Or Bust approach is ensuring this game remains open .
Gerrard twists and turns in the box but is brilliantly robbed by Murphy , who sets Davies rampaging down the right .
His poor ball inside is snaffled by Alonso , and he nearly puts Torres in on goal with a slightly - too - long pass down the left .
This is very entertaining .
HALF TIME : Fulham 0 - 0 Liverpool .
Liverpool pass it around a lot .
Again .
Gerrard can't quite bust Fulham open down the left .
Arbeloa can't quite bust them open down the right .
And that 's it for the half .
Liverpool really should be winning here - but they 're not .
This is a situation Liverpool fans will be sadly familiar with this season .
Can they break through in the second half - or is the chance of the title finally slipping from their grasp ?
Andrea Dossena : seven million pounds worth of debate - and serial woodwork botherer .
" As a Liverpool fan , " begins Nick Whalen , " I find it mildly unsettling that Andrea Dossena is now one of our better offensive players . "
Meanwhile Vikramaditya Singh observes that the £ 7 m Goal Machine is " pinging it off the crossbar like Ronaldinho on speed , like this ...
... except you know Dossena 's skillz are real .
I 'm genuinely frightened by the magnitude of his talent . "
And we 're off again !
Roy Hodgson and Rafa Benitez walk across the pitch from the Cottage to the dugouts .
Warm applause all round .
Everyone 's happy .
The visitors set the ball rolling once more .
47 min : Fulham started the first half suffering from a couple of dodgy decisions from the linesman , and now it 's Liverpool 's turn to be denied unfairly by the same man .
Alonso scoops the ball forward to send Kuyt totally clear in the box .
The whistle blows immediately - but the striker looked onside .
He 's having a complete shocker , this official .
49 min : Other than the Kuyt business , it 's a very quiet beginning to the second half .
50 min : Pantsil Rory Delaps it into the area from the right .
Johnson is after the bouncing bomb , but can't quite get there and is hounded out of it by Skrtel and Carragher .
Liverpool need to up the tempo a bit , because it 'll not be long before the clock becomes the enemy , and panic sets in .
54 min : What a miss from Torres .
Insua waltzes down the left , cuts inside , and floats a perfect ball into the centre for his star striker .
All Torres has to do is choose his spot - but he can only nut a weak effort straight into the arms of Schwarzer .
55 min : Liverpool are beginning to boss play , and push Fulham back , but do n't seem able to hit the killer pass .
First Alonso hits a cross from the right too strongly , then Dossena matches his feat from the left .
Finally it 's Alonso again , but his shot from 20 yards , cutting in from the right , is lame and straight at Schwarzer .
58 min : Pantsil goes in the book for going in late with his studs up on Dossena 's boot .
62 min : A quiet period in the game , now .
Fulham look pretty confident in their ability to hold their guests at the moment .
Liverpool are beginning to lose faith ; all the tempo has gone out of their game .
64 min : Alonso is doing everything he can to pick Liverpool up by the scruff of the neck , spraying passes left and right from a central position , 35 yards out .
He can't quite find the final pass , though .
Both Pantsil and Hangeland are immense at the moment .
65 min : The freewheelin ' goalscorin ' machine called Dossena trundles off the pitch , to be replaced by Babel .
66 min : Carragher upends Johnson , 30 - odd yards out , just to the right of the Liverpool area .
Konchesky tries to hammer the resulting free kick into the top - right corner , but unlike the 2006 FA Cup final , does n't beat Reina .
Then again , he has n't hopelessly mishit this one , so the keeper can easily work out the flight of the ball .
68 min : Under a long ball six yards from goal , Lucas challenges Schwarzer in the air .
The keeper fingertips the ball out of play - but no corner is given .
Liverpool are beginning to look very frustrated .
Champagne !
Photograph : Longview / Getty Images
70 min : I 've just been given a glass of champagne !
Someone from the Observer is doing one , by all accounts .
Is n't that nice .
71 min : From a Fulham corner , Liverpool break clear five on three !
They really should do better than they manage , Gerrard 's attempt to release Babel down the right inaccurate and weak .
That 's very sloppy .
Babel manages to get a shot in nevertheless - but the effort , heading towards the bottom left , is blocked by Pantsil , who then hacks clear of the lurking Kuyt .
73 min : I do n't think Liverpool are going to score tonight .
Gerrard swings a ball into the six - yard box from the left , but with Torres diving in head first , Schwarzer somehow manages to palm away at the death .
75 min : Liverpool have scored 18 goals during the final 15 minutes of their games this season .
They 'll have to make it at least 19 if they want to keep their title challenge alive .
76 min : A change apiece : Murphy is replaced by Dacourt , while Benayoun comes on for Kuyt .
The atmosphere is electric at Craven Cottage .
79 min : Fulham replace Davies with Gera , the man who put Manchester United finally to sleep a couple of weeks ago .
" Hold on a minute , " parps Jon Cummins .
" Wayne Rooney can read ? " Bah .
I 'm just glad this particular gag took as long as 79 minutes to arrive .
81 min : Carragher slides a stupendously good ball down the inside - right channel to Gerrard in the area .
He pulls the ball into the centre , where it reaches the feet of Babel .
Instead of hammering the ball first time , he jinks about before pulling the trigger - and the chance is gone .
The ball bounces back out to Gerrard , who hammers an effort low and hard just wide left .
Benayoun is inches from turning the ball in .
83 min :
It 's just not happening for Liverpool : Gerrard tries to take a deep left - wing cross down at the far post , but his touch is heavy and the ball bounds out of play .
85 min : Fulham are awarded a free kick for absoultely nothing , Insua nipping in front of Gera just to the right of his own area .
Why that 's a free kick is beyond me , there was no meaningful contact at all .
Babel is booked for protesting .
Reina catches the ball into the box , then looks to set Torres free with a long hoof down the right .
The striker looks like breaking clear on goal !
But Gera has gone in late on the keeper and referee Bennett pulls the play back to book him .
Liverpool are incandescent with rage .
88 min : Nevland - once of Manchester United - replaces Johnson .
89 min : Skrtel is booked for a laughably cynical challenge .
Dempsey is skidaddling into acres down the left , so the Liverpool striker clips the in - flight Fulham man 's ankles .
There was plenty of cover , so that was a no - brainer for the referee .
90 min :
There will be four added minutes of this ; four minutes for Liverpool to save their title challenge .
Benayoun brings down a loose ball just to the left of goal , turns to make himself a bit of space , but drags his low shot wide of goal .
90 min +2 : HIGHLY DRAMATIC GOAL !!!
Fulham 0 - 1 Liverpool .
Babel cuts inside from the left .
He shuttles the ball to Gerrard , who miscontrols .
Benayoun picks the ball up , cutting in from the right , and hammers an unstoppable shot into the top left !
That really is some finish .
The Liverpool bench empties onto the pitch as Benayoun disappears under a mountain of men .
90 min +3 : Gerrard is replaced by Agger .
FULL TIME : Fulham 0 - 1 Liverpool .
Nevland loops a ball goalwards from the right , but Reina is always under it .
And that 's the final whistle !
Liverpool deserved that - and are still in this title race !
And back on top of the league , two points clear of Manchester United - but having played two games more , of course .
And Andrea Dossena was pretty good .
" Do us a favour , " writes Liverpool fan Paul Lovatt .
" It 's bad enough waiting so long for a goal without having to stare at Wayne Rooney the whole game . "
Facebook is becoming more like AOL .
And I mean that in a good way .
This occurred to me when I read that Warner Brothers is adding Facebook functionality to its Blu-ray disks .
Using BD - Live , a feature that lets the latest generation of Blu-ray players connect to the Internet , and new Warner releases , starting with “ Watchmen , ” users can set up a time when all their friends can watch the film and trade onscreen comments .
( The friends , of course , also need to be on Facebook and have BD - Live players and a copy of the movie . )
There ’s a pattern here .
Products including the Nokia N97 , Palm Pre , Microsoft Xbox , and soon Verizon ’s FiOS TV service all have links to Facebook ’s social network .
For a company trying to bolster its credibility or techno - hipness , one of the easiest moves right now is to link to Facebook .
Think back a decade : if you wanted to legitimize your aspiring dot - com or your conglomerate ’s new e-business department , the first step was to cut a deal with AOL .
The terms are different .
AOL mainly got big checks .
It also got the affirmation that it was indeed the Internet ’s town square .
Facebook mainly does n’t get cash from these deals ( or for much of anything it does ) .
But like AOL , it benefits from the subtle message that anyone who watches movies or talks on a cellphone would want to link to Facebook .
Each of these deals , moreover , compounds Facebook ’s central value proposition as the switchboard that connects all of your dealings with your friends .
Of course , many of these deals are more show than substance .
And many product makers seek links to other trendy tech services like Twitter .
But I think the nature of these links , and how they are being used , helps us think about a question I keep hearing : Is Facebook past its prime ?
Some wonder whether it is beginning to sink into has - been land like MySpace and Friendster before it .
Technology ( and media ) companies do rise and fall in importance .
So it ’s ridiculous to say that Facebook will be around forever .
But some companies reach an escape velocity that gives them a longer life in orbit .
And I think Facebook has reached that speed .
You can see it in the style — the way other companies glom onto its brand to assert their relevance .
And also in the substance : if you like to chat about movies , it ’s hard to imagine a faster way to bring an existing set of friends onto some Blu-ray social application than by linking it to Facebook .
And every time someone makes a social application that is actually fun or useful , it adds value to Facebook .
It ’s easy to dismiss AOL today .
And indeed , early adopters always ridiculed AOL ( at least as soon as they graduated from high school ) .
But the company was enormously successful for much longer than many people expected .
It delivered satisfying experiences to tens of millions of people ; it defined the market for Internet advertising ; it made billions of dollars in profit ; and it gave its shareholders control of the venerable Time Warner .
Yes , AOL frittered away its leading position over most of the last decade , but Facebook ’s owners could be proud if their company has the sort of run that AOL did .
And even if Facebook achieves AOL ’s level of market and financial success , it ’s hard for me to see how Facebook even comes close to the dollars AOL was able to manage in both revenue ( $ 9 billion in 2002 ) and market value ( $ 150 billion at the time of the Time Warner merger ) .
Nonetheless , each new press release from a product or service that integrates in an interesting way with Facebook indicates the company has many more years before it , too , crashes into obscurity .
Richter officially began painting in 1962 .
Here we give you access to his various works , comprising photo paintings and abstracts .
Show All
Although the artist intentionally avoids classification , we have placed his paintings into subjective categories for easy viewing .
The recession and financial crisis pushed UK government borrowing to a record £ 90bn in the last financial year , official figures have shown .
This is higher than the £ 78bn the chancellor forecast in November and £ 55 bn higher than the previous year .
The figure took the total net debt to £ 743.6bn , the equivalent of more than half of the UK's GDP , the Office for National Statistics said .
Falling tax revenues and higher social security spending have hit finances .
Borrowing in March was also a record £ 19.1 bn , the highest level for a single month since records began in 1993 .
The figures are bad , the BBC 's chief economics editor Hugh Pym said .
WHY BORROWING MATTERS
In simple terms , the government is spending more than it is receiving in tax revenues .
It is borrowing to finance the shortfall and this will have to be paid back .
It is expected to pay back the money over a number of years by cutting spending and increasing taxes .
Meanwhile , the cost of paying interest on the debt could further squeeze the public finances
Robert Peston : How to raise £ 200 bn
But the chancellor is expected to announce a borrowing figure perhaps as much as double the £ 90bn total for next year , underlining the scale of the problems facing the UK 's public finances , he said .
Tax take Unemployment , which has risen to 2.1 million , has contributed to the 9 % fall in income tax revenue shown in the figures .
The government 's benefits bill also rose 1.8 % , the ONS said .
Businesses , which are cutting production or even closing completely , are paying substantially less corporation tax .
Few housing sales also means less stamp duty .
Having to bail out banks such as Northern Rock and Bradford & Bingley added £ 134.5 bn to the net debt figure - the stock of all government borrowing - in the year to March .
Compensating savers , including those with Dunfermline Building Society which had to be rescued last month , cost a further £ 9bn .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Novels | The Man | Bibliography Introduction Last year I learned that Dalkey Archive Press had published a Spanish writer , born in Barcelona in 1902 , whom neither I nor anyone I knew had ever heard of .
Who is this Felipe Alfau , I wondered , who seemed to pass unknown in his native city ?
Thanks to Dalkey Archive , Ive since learned a great deal about Alfau , whose oeuvre consists of two novels ( Locos : A Comedy of Gestures [ 1936 ] and Chromos [ 1990 ] , the latter nominated for the National Book Award ) , which comprise the major works ; a poetry collection ( Sentimental Songs : La poesía cursi [ 1992 ] ) ; and a book of childrens stories ( Old Tales from Spain [ 1929 ] ) .
If the publishing dates look odd , that is because , I 've learned , Alfau languished in obscurity for over fifty years , at which point Dalkey Archive sought to set things aright .
Ive learned this too : that he is everything the book jackets boast - a writer far ahead of his time , using techniques that would later be " discovered " by such postmodernists as John Barth , Donald Barthelme and Thomas Pynchon ; that he is a mesmerizing storyteller ; that he has lived most of his life in New York and written in English except for the poetry ; that he is still alive as of this writing , living in a retirement home in Queens ; that there are those who know of him in Barcelona although few ; and that although he is recognized here , it is not surprising that Barcelona hasnt gone out of its way to claim him as a native son , given that he is a self - proclaimed Franquista , who goes so far as to claim that the devastation of Guernica during the civil war was sheer communist fabrication .
He supports the Machiavellian idea of tyranny over democracy , the only two options possible in the world .
And he is , god help us , an anti-Semite ( a fact he denies , but those who know him claim is true ) and not too keen on blacks or Hispanics either .
He is , at 97 anyway , a crusty old curmudgeon with hardly any appreciable views .
Still . . . there are those novels .
Despite the disheartening personal convictions , the novels are ultimately what matter , of course , and Barcelona ( and Spain ) should really pay more attention .
Unlike Pound , that other wrong - headed genius , there is no evidence of dubious politics or personal prejudices to be found in Alfaus work ( though , forearmed and with a fine - tooth comb , one could find the odd innuendo , simply given the pre-PC era in which it was written ) , which so strongly pits the writer against his writing .
Alfau the writer , back in the first half of the century , created through his narrator a charming , erudite , assured but self - effacing young man observing and mixing with the diverse characters in the Café de los Locos in Toledo , Spain ( Locos ) or adrift in a backstreet Spanish enclave of New York City ( Chromos ) where home base is the Spanish bar El Telescopio .
This narrator , who remains nameless , guides us through both Locos and Chromos , introducing us to a colorful cast of oddball and bohemian characters - pimps , thieves , beggars , dancers , musicians , detectives , prostitutes , priests - who spring to life with the force and vitality of a Spanish flamenco .
The narrator stands on the sidelines and spins his tales , and tales within tales , occasionally joining in and chatting , jostling , drinking .
Hes unassuming , dashing , foreign ( to the non-Spanish ) , witty , enigmatic , a " writer " by trade without much money but time on his hands ; somewhat aloof from the rest of the madding crowd of misfits , but a part of them still - and altogether delightful : no wonder Mary McCarthy in her Afterword to Locos refers to him as her " fatal type . "
One cant help fall under his spell .
This is the Alfau that I have learned to love , even if his creator has outlived his time and spouts inanities . . . . and this is the Alfau that Barcelona should take pride in .
The Novels Locos opens with a Prologue by the author - narrator in which he blithely states that the novel is written in short stories " with the purpose of facilitating the task of the reader , " who , he says , may freely begin at the beginning , the end , or the middle , depending on his mood .
He reckons , in fact , that it can be read " in any fashion except , perhaps upside down . "
He goes on to thank his characters " for their anarchic collaboration , " which can lead to the character of a brother or son changing midway to the lover of his sister or mother " because he has heard that men sometimes make love to women . "
What follows are eight self - contained but interrelated pieces , mostly all set in Spain , in which the characters and author interact and often vie for the page .
As familiar as this ploy may seem to us now , it is astounding to read in a novel written in 1928 .
Indeed the metafictional , self - reflexive elements employed by Alfau were not be to seen until a good quarter - century later in American fiction when Nabokov hit the scene and opened the door to the postmodernists .
( Even considering Nabokovs early work in Berlin , Alfau predates him by two years . )
1 Mary McCarthy in her Afterword says that what she fell in love with in Locos " was the modernist novel as detective story , " which she aptly compares to the detective work the reader encounters in Pale Fire .
Others with whom he has been compared - Calvino , Borges , Flann O'Brien , ( and more recently Barth , Barthelme , and Pynchon ) - all came later .
Only Pirandello , whose Six Characters in Search of an Author had just been translated into English in the mid-20s , and Spain 's Miguel de Unamuno ( as discussed in Carmen Martín Gaites intro to Alfaus Old Tales ) 2 were experimenting with similar metafictional techniques .
Alfau , on all counts , was far ahead of his time .
" Identity , " the first story in Locos , sets the scene and so really is a good place to begin , although it serves as a perfect ending as well .
Here we find our author - narrator in the Café le los Locos in Toledo " where bad writers were in the habit of coming . . . in quest of characters . . . . [ Here ] one could find some very good secondhand bargains and also some fairly good , cheap , new material . "
The narrator then gives us a rundown of the characters milling around the café that day - all of whom will later appear in various incarnations and reincarnations - and in this segment he focuses on the forlorn Fulano , who did everything he could to be noticed , but was ignored by everyone .
Fulano appeals to the writer - narrator to make him a character and when asked his qualifications , Fulano claims his very lack of importance should count .
The narrator says that present - day literature is already full of that type of character , but he goes on to make something of Fulano anyway with the help of his friend Dr. José de los Rios - and a good story it is , seamlessly blending the reality of the café character with a fictional tale which sends Fulano on a quest for identity .
Thus we have a fiction within a fiction , so tightly constructed that the reader is hardly aware of the fact .
Nor is the English reader probably aware of the fact that the name Fulano in Spanish translates as " So - and - so " or " what s - his - name , " adding one of those piquant , bilingual touches so familiar in Nabokov .
So , when events conspire to Fulanos identity being usurped by a criminal , the criminal is referred to as " So - and - so who had escaped from prison , " which cleverly serves to further bind the two no -name characters .
Fulano appears once in Chromos , too , where in a double whammy he is referred to as " Fulano something - or - other . "
The next piece , " A Character , " takes the author - character convolutions to their height .
Here the narrator begins by saying that he has had difficulties writing the story he intended to write because of the " rebellious qualities " of his characters which prevented him from writing it .
The narrator tells us that he is in the home of his friend Don Laureano Baez , who is not there at the moment .
As he awaits his friends return , he decides to begin his story .
He pens one line in which he mentions the character Gaston Bejarano , and then is interrupted by the doorbell .
At this point Gaston jumps in and takes over with the intention of telling the story in his own words .
As Gaston tells his story of suddenly desiring to speak to a strange woman he has seen in the street at night , he says he wanted no witnesses because : " It was , after all , my first escape into reality and I felt a bit shy . "
He continues later : " She was a real being and I was only a character .
Had I stolen into her world of reality , or had she entered into my world of fancy ?
. . .
Who would be the stronger : she as a real being or I as a character ? "
This is the crux of the story , the exploration of just who is in control of the flow of the narrative : the author ?
the author as narrator ?
the characters themselves ?
It s all rather chaotic as everyone wants to get a word in , but amazingly they work together and the result is another fine , highly readable story with the most perfect of endings , rather like a pleasing but cacophonous jazz interlude that fuses into harmonious relief , and here one finds a clue to the answer .
The rest of the stories strut out a delightful array of characters : a beggar who lives in luxury and whose mistress is part daughter , wife , maid , and secretary ; one of the first fingerprint experts , who clings to his theories at all cost ; a Madrileño Prefect of Police who is hosting a police convention when the power gets cut , leaving the entire metropolis in complete darkness and bringing out the thief in everyone ; the feisty Carmen who has sex with her brother and is then packed off to a convent ; her brother Gaston , the pimp , who elsewhere is seen living with his mistress " Carmen " ; the huge , dark and exotic Señor Olózaga , a.k.a.
Juan Chinelato and The Black Mandarin ; Tia Mariquita , an ancient actress adorned in marabou feathers , with orange hair and makeup cracked over heavy wrinkles ; Doña Micaela Valverde , the necrophil ; Garcia , childhood mate of Alfaus ( so Garcia tells us ) turned con man turned fingerprint expert turned poet ; and many more .
Our author - narrator weaves in and out of the stories .
He is always apparent , either as one of the characters in the group he describes or as the writer commenting on the difficulties of the craft .
Midway through one story he typically interrupts the action to state : " As I can not describe any conversation or action , I shall endeavor to set down some thoughts , a bad habit which writers have of trying to convince the readers that they can steal into their characters  minds .
However , I may be exonerated , since my characters fail me in a persistent way and refuse to talk or even move and I cannot very well leave a blank space . "
At which point he takes up the narrative .
Other times he adds a footnote to a characters utterance to explain that this particular character forced himself into the narrative .
Once , when a couple bursts on the scene , he tells us in a footnote that although they appeared against his will he " can no longer disregard them , as the other characters have already heard them and taken notice . "
As others have noted , this rather glaring example of self - reflexive whimsy is the only aspect that dates the narrative , but its tolerable ; and if one keeps the 1928 publishing date in mind , its impressively novel .
The stories themselves are vivid , spirited and well - crafted with a freshness to them unlike many contemporary offerings , and the book can be enjoyed on this level alone - as a collection of mesmerizing tales - but the real edge ( and the real fun ) comes from winding through the novel with its narrator , who drags the reader through the whole creative process while he , the narrator , wrestles his way through .
How much of this exposed process is for effect and how much is it a genuine fight for control ?
Maybe a bit of the latter ( Alfau wrote the novel at age 26 while unemployed , in between feedings of his baby daughter , and in hopes of making some money ) , 3 but clearly the authors strong hand looms over it all , which it must do to weave the connecting thread .
And the more one looks at that thread , the more that s revealed .
On the other hand , once one has hold of the thread it does n't unravel so much as form a Möbius strip .
Im reminded of a friend of mine who read Pale Fire and ended up with three index boxes full of notes .
Hed done all of his cross - referencing , had all the facts in order , and felt quite good about it , but didnt quite know what to make of it in the end .
And so the astute reader of Locos is lured to follow the transformations of various characters : Lunarito , for example , first appears as the girl in the street - one Maria Luisa Baez , called Lunarito because of a birthmark - who entices the character Gaston in " A Character " ; later in the same story the narrator introduces us to the " real " character Gaston , an old man known as El Cogote .
This Gaston , we learn , is bedridden following a bewitching encounter with a girl in the street - the story with which we began - who , it is discovered , was found murdered a day before he saw her , driving El Cogote to the brink of madness .
In his delirium he is plagued by a dream in which he is back at his family home playing with his younger sister , who has the face of Lunarito .
He pushes her into a room which the family avoids out of superstition , and when she emerges she is white haired and tells Gaston that he has killed her .
At this moment in the story , the dream narrative is interrupted by El Cogotes mistress , whom we know as Carmen , only now she too is called Lunarito .
The ubiquitous Lunarito is actually a character in the frame story : the companion of the wealthy beggar Don Laureano Baez , described as being " one - fourth daughter , one - fourth wife , one - fourth maid and one - fourth secretary . "
She appears again in future stories in this role of companion to Don Laureano and later , when Don Laureano is imprisoned , as the maid of the poet Garcia .
Carmen , too , appears as both mistress and sister to Gaston as well as the beautiful nun who drives a priest to suicide .
Reading later of Carmen and Gastons incestuous relationship at the family home gives deeper meaning to old El Cogotes nightmare and his confusion of the women .
Elusive and ever - shifting identities abound as the narrator sculpts from the raw , " fairly good , cheap " material at hand - those café habitués .
Other threads are more subtle .
Anna Shapiro , in her review of Locos for the New Yorker ( reprinted in The Review of Contemporary Fiction , Spring 1993 ) , points out the character Garcias probable implication in a murder which leads to an innocent mans conviction , an implication based on a hint dropped in a former story and easily overlooked by the reader ( by me anyway ) who is quick to cast blame on an irate and humiliated son .
It should be pointed out , too , as careful readers have noted , that the first story " Identity " holds more meaning than at first appears .
There we see not only the café characters whom the narrator will mold into " characters , " but a foreshadowing of whats to come ; thus , the old junk dealer , who will appear as the fingerprint expert , leaves a dirty hand - mark on the wall while he tries to peddle a Chinese figurine with a fierce expression - later incarnated as the Black Mandarin .
The fact that the figurine is dropped and broken by the junk dealer has no special meaning until one has made one 's way through the labyrinth of stories and doubles back .
Likewise with Sister Caramel : " Look at that nun .
The one that is interfering now between El Cogote and the woman .
She is quite attractive to be a nun .
She would make a good woman of the world . "
And Lunarito ?
She is appropriately the waitress to the whole motley crew .
Trying to make sense of the many connecting threads can drive one loco , but as with a Zen koan an amazing thing happens while contemplating the connections : the reader is pulled into a similar creative exercise to that of the author and is hit somewhere along the line with the pinging realization that the process of configuration is the end in itself .
Pure Nabokov !
And - in a later era - pure Pynchon , whose postmodern " detective " novel , The Crying of Lot 49 , ingeniously induces a similar response .
Stories within stories , stories winding in or back on themselves , characters who metamorphose and wrestle with the author for a voice - Locos is a delightful metafiction that self - consciously lays bare the beauty , agony and mystery of the creative process in all of its convoluted perplexity , make of it what you may , and keeps the reader entertained all the way .
Left with the equivalent of my friends index boxes of notes to Pale Fire , I took special note upon rereading the narrators instructions in the Prologue : " . . . the reader is expected to sit back and watch this procession of strange people and distorted phenomena without a critical eye .
To look for anything else , or to take seriously this bevy of irresponsible puppets and the inconsistency of the author , would not be advisable , as by doing so and imagining things that might lend themselves to misinterpretation , the reader would only disclose , beneath a more or less entertaining comedy of meaningless gestures , the vulgar aspects of the common tragedy . "
Yet the sly fox knows well take the bait and where it will ( and will not ) take us .
Pure Alfau !
Google , concerned by the recent departures of several top executives , has developed an algorithm to try to identify which employees are likely to quit , according to a report in the Wall Street Journal .
The Journal said the internet search and advertising giant had turned to mathematical formulas because it was " concerned a brain drain could hurt its long - term ability to compete . "
The newspaper said Google examined data from employee reviews and promotion and pay histories to try to identify which of its 20,000 employees were most likely to leave the California - based company .
Laszlo Bock , who runs human resources for Google , told the Journal the algorithm helps the company " get inside people 's heads even before they know they might leave . "
The newspaper said Google officials were reluctant to share details of the formula , which is still being tested , but it had already identified employees " who felt underused , a key complaint among those who contemplate leaving . "
Tennessee QB Crompton received death threats in 2008
According to a report by ESPN.com , Tennessee quarterback Jonathan Crompton received death threats last season in the wake of the Volunteers losing seven games for only the second time in the program ’s history .
Crompton received at least two e-mailed death threats during his junior season , the player told the Knoxville News Sentinel .
The problem was brought to his parents ’ attention after a package they received had slanderous messages scrawled on the box .
“ That ’s when my parents started talking about it , ” Crompton said , according to the newspaper .
Crompton said he never reported the threats to the school .
He also stayed quiet when he began to receive harassing phone calls after his cell number was made public on the Internet .
“ It was tough , I ’m not going to lie , ” he said .
“ When you ’re faced with adversity , your true character comes out — as a person , as a student , as a Christian .
“ It tested me . ”
People seem to lose the sense of reality when it comes to sports sometimes .
Crompton is only 21 years old – he ’s still a kid .
He ’s a student athlete trying not only to succeed at sports , but also in the classroom so that he can excel in a career field when he ’s done playing football .
He does n’t deserve to have his life threatened because of what he does or does n’t do on the field – no one does .
I know we ’re talking about Tennessee football here , but relax people – it ’s just a game .
The World Through a Lens
Vivid Street Scenes From Salvador , Brazil
After living for nearly half a decade in the capital city of the Brazilian state of Bahia , a photographer offers an intimate look at a city where the act of celebration is indelibly ingrained .
A similar leak occurred during the countdown for the shuttle Discovery in March .
“ It was eerily the same , ” Michael D. Leinbach , the shuttle launch director , said at a news conference .
Image
The space shuttle Endeavour , which was to bring up the final pieces to complete the Japanese laboratory on the space station , will launch possibly June 20 or mid-July .
Credit ... John Raoux / Associated Press
Replacing the seals around the valve delayed the Discovery launching by four days , and the Endeavour launching will also be delayed by at least as long .
Mission managers had originally said that if the Endeavour could not lift off by Monday , launching would be pushed back to July because the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter is scheduled to take off on Wednesday .
Michael P. Moses , chairman of the mission management team , said there would be discussions with the managers of the orbiter mission to see if both launchings could fit into a small window in the coming week .
“ We ’re going to have those negotiations , ” Mr. Moses said .
If the lunar orbiter lifted off as scheduled , the shuttle could possibly depart on June 20 .
The need to prepare the launching area between takeoffs prevents making an effort sooner .
Alternately , the shuttle could aim for Wednesday and push back the orbiter launching to June 20 .
“ Nothing is a foregone decision , ” Mr. Moses said .
NGourd , a BDD framework for C# , is presented by Michael Minutillo ( @wolfbyte ) at the Australian Virtual Alt .
Net meeting , May 11 2009 .
NGourd is designed heavily influenced by the Cucumber tool from the ruby world .
The intention is to create a clean separation between the intent of a specification versus it ’s execution .
This allows developers to concentrate on the technical details while non-programmers can verify and even author specifications .
Be nice : share this knowledge share
share
share
email
Carnegie Mellon is at it again .
This time they want to make robots do all the farm work .
Tony Stentz , an engineer from Carnegie Mellon thinks the time is right for such pursuits .
Tony worked on Boss , the autonomous vehicle that won DARPA ’s Grand Challenge .
Tony and other colleagues have outfitted the tractor pictured here and are able to make it navigate on its own through an orchard by using a 3D laser ranging scanner .
The outfitted vehicles could either be used to spray crops or potentially pick fruit .
A company called Vision Robotics already has robots that do pruning .
This is a slightly different approach to robotic farming in that a human drives the tractor and robotic arms do the pruning .
Link via ( New Scientist )
When
Google
purchased You - Tube in 2007 , Warner suspended their legal action .
This was a result of a deal worked out with Google , which saw Warner being paid a percentage of the advertising revenue generated when people view music videos on the You - T ube site .
They have now reinstated the legal proceedings , and Google has been forced to remove thousands of music videos from You - Tube .
Is this fair ?
For many people the answer is “ yes ” .
After all , Warner does , in fact , own the music videos , and if they are being distributed for free then Warner cannot gather revenue from the product they own .
But wait !
Why does Warner need to gather the revenue from these music videos ?
It is not costing them anything to have these videos on You- T ube .
It is not as if someone has stolen thousands of DVDs from Warner .
The videos on You - Tube are digital copies .
The only company wearing any cost in this situation is You - Tube - - hence Google .
We could respond to this point by suggesting that although Warner has not had to spend any money on the copying and hosting of these videos , the original artists need to be paid for their work .
The argument is similar to all music piracy arguments .
The idea is that composers and performers need to be paid for their work , otherwise they will be unable to afford to continue producing music .
This is a valid point , but we can respond by stating that the original performers have , in fact , already been paid .
They were paid when the music was originally released .
Their payment came from the sales of CDs and music videos .
Indeed , they probably earned vastly more than they would have if they were simply paid an hourly rate for the production of the music .
So why do they need to continue to earn money from it ?
Does it make sense that Paul McCartney still gets paid every time a radio station plays “ Hard Day ’s Night ” ?
The song probably only took a couple of hours to write , and it probably took less than a
Who Really Owns Music ?
I still ca n’t believe that the first episode of Family Guy was aired on January 31 , 1999 , just a little over ten years ago .
Over the past decade , Family Guy has brought American adults countless laughters ( although there was a time gap between 2003 and 2005 ) .
To celebrate the success of America ’s most popular cartoon , and to thank Seth MacFarlane for bringing us so much joy all these years , we at Gunaxin decide to bring you a list of some of the best moments of Family Guy .
If you have n’t watched the show , some of these clips may turn you into a fan .
10 . Democracy Kicks In
9. Peter Speaks Italian
8. Bullfrog
7. Cool High School Stewie
6. Lois Jumps Peter
5. Electric Man
4. Who Wants Chowder ?
3. Stewie Beats Brian ( Part 1 )
2. 911 Call
Seven people have been indicted on charges of running a prostitution business in Queens that found clients through Craigslist and falsified records to make payments for sex appear to be for clowns and balloons , the state attorney general ’s office announced on Wednesday .
Five of the defendants were arraigned in State Supreme Court in Queens on a range of charges , from felony enterprise corruption and promoting prostitution to money laundering , said a statement from the attorney general , Andrew M. Cuomo .
The other two were at large , an official in Mr. Cuomo ’s office said .
According to the 47 - count indictment , Scott Rosenberg , 45 , of Massapequa , N.Y. , and Josef Davenport , 31 , of Brooklyn , are accused of promoting prostitution and other charges as owners and operators of the business , Room Service Entertainment , in Ozone Park .
The two men pleaded not guilty .
The company ’s manager and booker , Patricia Krupa , 32 , and two other bookers , Sylvia Soto , 29 , and Joanna Mercado , 24 , all from Brooklyn , pleaded not guilty to charges including enterprise corruption .
The wheel of Sharp weapons Effectively Striking the Heart of the foe ' has been composed by the great Yogi Dharmaraksita in his retreat in the jungle where many fierce animals pray .
What this great Yogi , the possessor of vast scriptural knowledge , the full powers of logic and deep profound insight , has written here is the essence of the teachings of all his holy Gurus .
He always practised in accordance with this essence in his fearsome jungle retreat during the degenerate age in which he lived .
From among his many disciples , Dharmaraksita transmitted these teachings to Atisa ( 982--1054 ) ; and Atisa practised them wherever he traveled in order to tame those who ware most wild .
When Atisa developed true insight into the two Bodhicittas through these teachings , he composed the following verses :
I went through much hardship abandoning royalty ,
But by collecting much virtuous merit ,
I met my true Guru , Dharmaraksita ,
By showing me these supreme nectar like teachings ,
He has granted me sovereignty over my mind ;
So that now I have attained all the forceful opponents ,
Having memorised fully these words he has taught .
Although I do not favour a partisan viewpoint -
Whenever I study the various teachings
I always make effort to broaden my wisdom
To see boundless wonders in every tradition -
Yet I have to admit that these teachings especially
Have been of great help in this age of decay .
From among his many unimaginably great disciples in both India and Tibet , Atisa transmitted these teachings to Upasaka hBrom - ston - pa , { 22 } who had been prophesied to be his most fitting disciple by many of Atisa 's meditational deities such as Tara .
Atisa transmitted these teachings to hBrom - ston - pa in order to pacify the minds of the disciples of remote Tibet who ware difficult to tame .
WHEEL OF SHARP WEAPONS
The name of this work is ' The Wheel of Sharp Weapons
Effectively Striking the Heart of the Foe' .
I pray heartfelt homage to you , Yamantaka ;
Your wrath is opposed to the Great Lord of Death .
1 ) In jungles of poisonous plants strut the peacocks ,
Though medicine gardens of beauty lie near .
The masses of peacocks do not find gardens pleasant ,
But thrive on the essence of poisonous plants .
2 ) In similar fashion the brave Bodhisattvas
Remain in the jungle of worldly concern .
No matter how joyful this world 's pleasure gardens ,
These Brave Ones are never attracted to pleasures ,
But thrive in the jungle of suffering and pain .
3 ) We spend our whole life in the march for enjoyment ,
Yet tremble with fear at the mere thought pain ;
Thus since we are cowards , we are miserable still .
But the brave Bodhisattvas accept suffering gladly
And gain from their courage a true lasting joy .
4 ) Now desire is the jungle of poisonous plants here .
Only Brave
Ones , like peacocks , can thrive on such fare ,
If cowardly beings , like crows , were to try it ,
Because they are greedy they might lose their lives .
5 ) How can someone who cherishes self more than others
Take lust and such dangerous poisons for food ?
If he tried like a crow to use other delusions ,
He would probably forfeit his chance for release .
(6) And thus Bodhisattvas are likened to peacocks :
They live on delusions poisonous plants .
Transforming them into the essence of practice ,
They thrive the jungle of everyday life .
Whatever is presented they always accept
While destroying the poison of clinging desire .
(7) Uncontrollable wandering through rounds of existence
Is concern by our grasping at egos as real .
This ignorant attitude heralds the demon
Of selfish concern for our welfare alone :
We seek some security for our own egos ;
We want only pleasure and shun any pain .
But now we must banish all selfish compulsion
And gladly take hardship for all other 's sake .
(8) All of our sufferings derive from our habits
Of selfish delusions we heed and act out
As all of us share in this tragic misfortune ,
Which stems from our narrow and self - centred ways ,
We must take all our sufferings and the miseries of others
And smother our wishes of selfish concern .
(9) Should the impulse arise now to seek our own pleasure ,
We must turn it aside to please others instead ;
For even if loved ones should rise up against us ,
We must blame our self - interest and feel it 's our due .
( 10 ) When our bodies are aching and racked with great torment
Of dreadful diseases we cannot endure ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have injured the bodies of others ;
Hereafter let 's take on what sickness is theirs .
( 11 ) Depressed and forlorn , when we feel mental anguish ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we how deeply disturbed minds of others ;
Hereafter let 's take on this suffering ourselves .
( 12 ) When hunger or violent thirst overwhelms us ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have kept what we had without sharing ;
We have plundered end stolen and lured people on .
Hereafter let 's take from them hunger and thirst .
( 13 ) When we lack any freedom , but must obey others ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have looked down upon them who were lowly
And used them as servants for our own selfish needs ;
Hereafter let 's offer our service to others
With humble devotion of body and life .
( 14 ) When we hear only language that is foul and abusive ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have said many things without thinking ;
We have slandered and caused many friendships to and .
Hereafter let 's censure all thoughtless remarks .
( 15 ) When we are born in oppressive and wretched condition ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have always had a negative outlook
We have criticized others , seeing only their flaws
Hereafter let 's cultivate positive feelings
And view our surroundings as stainless and pure .
( 16 ) When we are parted from friends and from those who can help us ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have taken the friends and good servants
Of others away , wanting them for ourselves ;
Hereafter let 's never cause close friends to part .
( 17 ) When supreme holy Gurus find us displeasing ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have turned from the Gurus and teachings ,
preferring the counsel of misleading friends ;
Hereafter let 's end our dependent relations
With those who would turn us away from the path .
( 18 ) When unjustly we are blamed for the misdeeds of others ,
And are falsely accused of flaws that we lack ,
And are always the object of verbal abuse ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have despised and belittled our Gurus ;
Hereafter let 's never accuse others falsely ,
But give them full credit for virtues they have .
( 19 ) When the things we require for daily consumption
And use , fall apart or are wasted or spoil ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have been careless with others ' possessions ;
Hereafter let 's give them whatever they need .
( 20 ) When our minds are unclear and our hearts are unhappy ,
We are bored doing virtue but excited by vice ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have led others to acts of non-virtue ;
Hereafter let 's never provide the conditions
That rouse them to follow their negative traits .
( 21 ) When our minds are disturbed and we feel great frustration
That things never happen the may that we wish ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have caused interfering disturbance
When others were focused on virtuous acts ;
Hereafter let 's stop causing such interruption .
( 22 ) When nothing we do ever pleases our Gurus ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now with our Gurus we have feigned pious manners ,
But out of their presence have reverted to sin .
Hereafter let 's try to be less hypocritical
And take all the teachings sincerely to heart .
( 23 ) When others find fault with whatever we are doing
And people seem eager to blame only us ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have been shameless , not cared about others ,
We have thought that our deeds did not matter at all ,
Hereafter let 's stop our offensive behavior .
( 24 ) When our servants and friends are annoyed by our habits ,
And after a while cannot stay in our homes ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done
Till now we have imposed our bad habits on others ;
Hereafter let 's change and show only hind ways .
( 25 ) When all who are close turn against us as enemies ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have held grudges inside us with anger
With thoughts of sly methods to cause others pain ;
Hereafter let 's try to have less affectation ,
Not pretend to be kind while we harbour base aims .
( 26 ) When we suffer from sickness and such interference
Especially when gout has swollen our legs ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now without shame and with no self - control
We have stolen or misused what others have given ;
Hereafter let 's never take anything offered
To the Three Jewels of Refuge as if it were ours .
( 27 ) When strokes and diseases strike without warning ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have broken our vowed words of honour ;
Hereafter let 's shun such non-virtuous deeds .
( 28 ) When our mind becomes clouded whenever we study ,
This is the wheal of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have thought that the study of Dharma
Lacked prime importance and could be ignored ;
Hereafter let 's build up the habits of wisdom
To hear and to think about whet Buddha taught .
( 29 ) When sleep overwhelms us while practising virtue ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have gathered the causes for obstacles
Hindering our practice of virtuous acts .
( We have lacked all respect for the scriptural teachings ;
We have sat on our books and left texts on the ground .
We have also looked down upon those with deep insight . )
Hereafter for the sake of our practice of Dharma
Let 's gladly endure all the hardships we meet .
( 30 ) When our mind wanders greatly and runs towards delusion ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have neglected to meditate fully
On defects pervading this transient world ;
Hereafter let 's work to renounce this existence
( And see the impermanent nature of things ) .
( 31 ) When all our affairs , both religious and worldly ,
Run into trouble and fall into ruin ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have felt cause and effect { 9} could be slighted ;
Hereafter let 's practise with patience and strength .
( 32 ) When rites we perform never seem to be fruitful ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have relied on the gods of this world
Or on unskillful actions to bring us relief ;
Hereafter let 's turn in another direction
And leave our non-virtuous actions behind .
( 33 ) When none of the wishes we make reach fulfillment ,
Although we have made prayers to the Three Precious Gems ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have had an imperfect commitment
To Buddha whose teachings deserve complete trust ;
Hereafter let 's place our exclusive reliance
On Buddha , his teachings and those in his fold .
( 34 ) When prejudice , polio or strokes have us crippled
And external forces or harm rise against us ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have collected vast stores of non-virtue
By breaking , our vows and offending protectors
In our practice from Guru- devotion to tantra ; { 10}
Hereafter let 's banish all prejudiced views .
( 35 ) When we lack all control over where we must travel
And always must wander like waifs with no home ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have disturbed holy Gurus and others
And forced them to move from their homer or their seats ;
Hereafter let 's never cause others disturbance
By evicting them cruelly from where they reside .
( 36 ) When the crops in our fields are continually plagued
By drought floods and hailstones , insects and frost ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have failed to honour our pledges ;
Hereafter let 's keep all our moral vows pure ,
( 37 ) When we are poor , yet are filled with much greed and desire ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done ,
Till now we have been misers , reluctant to share .
The offerings we have made to the Three Jewels were
meager ;
Hereafter let 's give with a generous hart .
( 38 ) When our bodies are ugly and others torment us
By mocking our flaws , never showing aspect
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have made images lacking in beauty ,
By venting our anger we have made ugly scenes ;
Hereafter let 's print books and make pleasing statues ,
And not be short - tempered but be of good cheer .
( 39 ) When attachment and anger disturb and upset us
No matter how much we may try to suppress them ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have held on to the improper outlook :
Stubbornly cherishing only ourselves ,
Hereafter let 's uproot self - interest completely .
( 40 ) When success in our practices always eludes us ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now , deep within , we have clung to our ego ,
Fully immersed in self - cherishing ways ;
Hereafter let 's dedicate all of the virtuous
Actions we do , so that others may thrive .
( 41 ) When our mind is untamed though we act with great virtue ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have engaged in those worldly ambitions
That aim at success for ourselves in this life ;
Hereafter let 's work with pure one - pointed effort
To nourish the wish to gain freedom 's far shore .
( 42 ) When after we do any virtuous action
We feel deep regret or we doubt its effect ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have been fickle and , stirred by base motives ,
Have courted only those who had power or wealth ;
Hereafter let 's act with complete self - awareness ,
Exerting great care in the way we make friends .
( 43 ) When those with ambition repay trusting friendship
By luring us on with their devious schemes ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now from ambition we have acted with arrogance ,
Hereafter let 's dampen our self - centred pride .
( 44 ) When the force of attraction or that of repulsion
Colours whatever we hear or we say ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have ignored what has caused all our troubles :
The mass of delusion that dwells in our heart ;
Hereafter let 's try to abandon all hindrances
Note their arisal , examine them wed .
( 45 ) When no matter how well - meant our actions towards others ,
They always elicit a hostile response ,
This is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrongs we have done .
Till now we have repaid loving - kindness with malice ;
Hereafter let 's always accept others ' favours
Both graciously and with most humble respect .
( 46 ) In short then , whenever unfortunate suffering
We have n't desired crash upon us like thunder ,
This is the same as the smith who had taken
His life with a sword he had fashioned himself
Our suffering is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrong we have done .
Hereafter let 's always have care and awareness
Never to act in non-virtuous ways .
( 47 ) All of the sufferings that we have endured
In the lives we have led in the three lower states ,
As well as our pains of the present and future ,
Are the same as the case of the forger of arrows
Who later was killed by an arrow he had made .
Our suffering is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrong we have done .
Hereafter let 's always have care and awareness
Never to act in non-virtuous ways .
( 48 ) When the troubles and worries of family life grieve us ,
This is the same as the case of a child
Who was cared for with love later killing his parents .
Our suffering is the wheel of sharp weapons returning
Full circle upon us from wrong we have done .
Hereafter it is fitting in all of our lifetimes
For us to live purely as monks or as nuns .
( 49 ) As it 's true what I have said about self - centred interest ,
I recognise clearly my enemy now .
I recognise clearly the bandit who plunders ,
The liar who lures by pretending he is part of me ;
Oh what relief that I have conquered this doubt !
( 50 ) And so Yamantaka spin round with great power
The wheel of sharp weapons of good actions now .
Three times turn it round , in your wrathful - like aspect -
Your legs set apart for the two grader of truth ,
With your eyes blazing open for wisdom and means .
( 51 ) Baring your fangs of the four great opponents ,
Devour the foe - our cruel selfish concern !
With your powerful mantra of cherishing others ,
Demolish this enemy lurking within !
( 52 ) Frantically running through life 's tangled jungle ,
We are chased by sharp weapons of wrongs we have done
Returning upon us ; we are out of control
This sly , deadly villain - the selfishness in us ,
Deceiving ourselves and all others a well -
Capture him , capture him , fierce Yamantaka ,
Summon this enemy , bring him forth now !
( 53 ) Batter him , batter him , rip out the heart
Of our grasping for ego , our love for ourselves !
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern !
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release !
( 54 ) Hum !
Ham !
Show all your powers , O mighty protector .
Dza !
Dza !
Tie up this enemy ; do not let him loose .
P'a ! P'a ! { 17 }
Set us free by your might , O great Lord over Death
Cut !
Cut !
Break the knot of self - interest that binds us inside .
( 55 ) Appear Yamantaka , O wrathful protector ;
I have further entreaties to make of you still .
This sack of five poisons , mistakes and delusions ,
Drags us down in the quicksand of life 's daily toil -
Cut it off , cut it off , rip it to shreds !
( 56 ) We are drawn to the sufferings of miserable rebirths ,
Yet mindless of pain , we go after its cause .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 57 ) We have high expectations of speedy attainments ,
Yet do not wish to work at the practice involved .
We have many fine projects we plan to accomplish ,
Yet none of them ever are done in the end .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 58 ) Our wish to be happy is strong at all times ,
Yet we do not gather merit to yield this result .
We have little endurance for hardship and suffering ,
Yet ruthlessly push for the things we desire .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 59 ) With comparative ease , we develop new friendships ,
Yet since we are callous , not one of them lasts .
We are filled with desire for food and fine clothing ,
Yet failing to earn them , we steal and we scheme .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 60 ) We are experts as flattering others for favours ,
Yet always complaining , we are sad and depressed .
The money we have gathered we cannot bear to part with ;
Like misers we hoard it and feel we are poor .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 61 ) We have done very little to benefit someone ,
Yet always remind him how much we have done .
We have never accomplished a thing in our lifetime ,
Yet boasting and bragging , we are filled with conceit .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 62 ) We have many great masters and teachers to guide us
Yet shirking our duty , ignore what they teach .
We have many disciples , yet do not met help them ;
We can not be bothered to give that advice .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 63 ) We promise to do many glorious dads ,
Yet In practice we give others minimal help .
Our spiritual fame has been spread far and wide ,
Yet inwardly all of our thoughts are repulsive
Not only to gods , but to demons and ghosts .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 64 ) We have read very little , heard only few teachings ,
Yet talk with authority pertly on Voidness .
Our knowledge of scriptures is pitifully lacking ,
Yet glibly we make up and say what we like .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 65 ) We have many attendants and people around us ,
Yet no one obeys us or heeds what we say .
We feel we have friends in positions of power ,
Yet should we need help , we are left on our own .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 66 ) We have gained lofty status and ranks of prestige .
Yet our knowledge is poorer than that of a ghost .
We are considered great Gurus , yet even the demons
Do not harbour such hatred or clinging desire
Or as closed - minded an outlook - as we seem to have .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 67 ) We talk about theories and the most advanced teachings ,
Yet our everyday conduct is worse than a dog's .
We are learned , intelligent , versed in great knowledge ,
Yet cast to the Wind wisdom 's ethical base .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 68 ) We have selfish desires and horrible anger ,
Which fester inside us , we would never admit ;
Yet without provocation we criticise others
And self - righteously charge them with faults we possess .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 69 ) We wear robes of saffron , yet seek our protection
And refuge in spirits and gods of this world .
We have promised to keep solemn vows of strict morals ,
Yet our actions accord with the demons , foul ways .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 70 ) Our pleasure and happiness come from the Buddhas ,
The Gurus , the teachings , and those who live by them ,
Yet still we make offerings to ghosts and the spirits .
All of our guidance derives from the teachings ,
And yet we deceive those who give this advice .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 71 ) We seek to have homes in monastic seclusion ,
Yet dawn by distractions , we venture to town .
Discourses we hear teach us most noble practice ,
Yet we spend all our time telling fortunes with dice .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 72 ) We give up monks ' vows , the true path to gain freedom ,
We would rather be married , have children and homes .
We cast to - the wind this rare chance to be happy ,
And pursue further suffering , mare problems and woes
rample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 73 ) Discarding our practice to reach Liberation ,
We drift about searching for pleasure or trade .
We have obtained bodies with precious endowments ,
Yet use them to gain only hellish rebirths .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 74 ) Ignoring effects that the teachings can bring us ,
We travel on business for profit end gain .
Leaving behind all our Gurus ' wise lectures ,
We tour different places in search of some fun .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
75 ) We hoard whet we have , never willing to use it ,
And leech all our food and our clothing from friends .
We leave aside wealth from our father 's inheritance ,
Taking from others a much as we can .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 76 ) It 's amazing how little endurance we have
To do meditation , and yet we pretend
To have gained special powers so others are fooled .
We never catch up with the paths of deep wisdom ,
Yet run here and there in a needless great haste .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 77 ) Someone giver us advice from the depths of his heart ,
Which is for our own good , but is harsh to our ears ,
And with anger we view him as if he is our foe .
Yet when someone without any true feelings for us
Deceitfully tells us what we like to hear ,
Without taste or discernment we are hind in return .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 78 ) When others consider us close and dear friends
And relate in strict confidence ah they know ,
We disclose their deep secrets to especially their foes .
When we have a good friend who is constantly with us ,
We locate his weak points so we can torment him .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 79 ) Our jealousy is strong and whatever is said
We are always the sceptic , we doubt what is meant .
We are fussy bad - tempered and hard to get on with ,
Inflicting obnoxious behavior on others .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 80 ) When someone requests us to do something for him ,
We are never obliging , but think up instead
Clever devious methods to do him some harm .
When others concede and agree with our viewpoint ,
We do not acquiesce - we argue still more .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 81 ) We do not pay attention to whet others tell us ;
We are a trial to be with ; we strain others ' nerves .
Our feelings are hurt at the slightest remark ,
And we hold grudges strongly - we never forgive .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 82 ) We always are jealous of those of greet status ;
We feel holy Gurus ere threats to avoid
Overwhelmed by attachment and ruled by our passions ,
We spend all our time lusting after young loves .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 83 ) We do not think of friendships as long - term commitments
We treat old companions with thoughtless neglect .
And when we are making new friends with a stranger ,
We try to impress him with grandiose ways .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 84 ) We lack clairvoyance , yet we , feigning powers ,
And then when proved wrong , we must bar all complaints .
We have little compassion for those who are near us ,
Whenever they blunder , we are quick to lash out
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 85 ) We have poor education and limited knowledge ;
Whenever we speak we are unsure of ourselves .
Our learning in scriptural texts is so meagre ,
When hearing new teachings we doubt they are true
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 86 ) By making a habit of anger and passion ,
We come to despise everyone that we meet
And by making a habit of jealous resentment ,
We ascribe fruits to others , disclaiming their worth .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 87 ) We do not follow proper Procedures of study ;
We say it is needless to read the vast texts .
We feel there is no value learning from Gurus ;
We slight oral teachings and think we know best .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 88 ) We fail to explain what the ' Three Baskets teach ,
But instead dwell on theories we have made up ourselves .
We lack deep conviction and faith in the teachings ,
Whatever we say leaves disciples confused .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 89 ) We do not despise actions unwise and immoral ,
Instead we dispute and attempt to pick flaws
In the excellent teachings and great masters ' works .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 90 ) We are never embarrassed when acting disgracefully ,
Only respectable deeds cause us shame .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 91 ) All the things we should do we do not do even once ,
For improper behavior taker up all our time .
Trample him , trample him , dance on the head
Of this treacherous concept of selfish concern ,
Tear out the heart of this self - centred butcher
Who slaughters our chance to gain final release .
( 92 ) O mighty destroyer of selfishness demons ,
With Body of Wisdom unchained from all bonds ,
Yamantaka come brandish your skull - headed bludgeon
Of egoless wisdom of Voidness and bliss .
Without any misgiving now wield your fierce weapon
And wrathfully swing it three times round your head .
( 93 ) With all of your fierceness come smash this foul enemy !
Burst ego-concepts with your wisdom 's great might !
With your boundless compassion protect us from suffering
The miseries caused by our self - centred actions
Destroy our self - cherishing once and for all !
( 94 ) With all the sufferings that others experience ,
Smother completely or selfish concern .
The sufferings of others arise from five poisons ;
Thus whichever delusion afflicts other beings
Take it to smother delusions self .
( 95 ) Through we have not a doubt , for we recognise fully
The cause and the root of mistakes we all make ,
If there is still left a part of our minds that would tend
To support this delusion of self that we have ,
Then destroy the firm hold of this part of our minds
That , against or true wishes , makes fools of us still .
( 96 ) As all that is wrong can be traced to one source :
Our concern for ourselves , whom we cherish the most ,
We must meditate now on the kindness of others .
Accepting the suffering that they never wished for ,
We must dedicate fully our virtues to all .
( 97 ) Thus accepting ourselves all deluded non-virtuous
Actions that others have done in the past ,
In the present and future with mind , speech and body ,
May delusions of others as well as our own
Be the favoured conditions to gain our Enlightenment
Just as the peacocks eat poison and thrive .
( 98 ) As crows may be cured after swallowing poison
By a powerful antidote given in time ,
Let 's direct to all others our virtuous merit ,
That this may replenish their chances for freedom
May all sentient beings reach Buddhahood soon !
( 99 ) Till the time when all motherly beings and I
Gain the perfect conditions for us to be Buddhas ,
Though the force of our actions may cause us to wander
Through various realms in the six rebirth states
May we always be able to help one another
To keep our aim find on Enlightenment 's shore .
( 100 ) Then for even the sake of but one sentient being
May we gladly take birth in the three lower states .
With Enlightening Conduct that never grows weak
May we lead al the beings in miserable rebirths
Out of their sufferings and causes for pain .
( 101 ) As soon as we have placed ourselves into their realm
May the guards of the hells come to see us as Gurus ,
May the weapons of torture they hold turn to flowers ;
May all harm be stilled - peace and happiness grow .
( 102 ) Then may even hell beings develop clairvoyance
And take higher rebirths as men or as gods .
By developing strongly the wish to be Buddhas ,
May they pay back our kindness through heeding the
teachings
And regard us as Gurus with confident true .
( 103 ) Then may ah sentient beings of the three higher rebirths
Perfect meditation on Egolessness
In this way may they realise the non-self - existence
Of worldly involvement and freedom as well .
May they place concentration on both of these equally ,
Seeing their natures as equally void .
( 104 ) If we practise these methods we shall soon overcome
Our true enemies : selfish concern and self - love .
If we practise there methods we shall overcome also
false concepts of ego we hold to be real
Thus by joint meditation on Egolessness
And on non-dual wisdom of Voidness and Bliss ,
How can anyone not gain the causes to win
A Buddha's Physical Body and its fruit , Buddhahood
( 105 ) O mind , understand that the topics discussed here
Are interdependent phenomena all ;
For things must rely on dependent - arising
To have an existence - they cannot stand alone ,
The process of change is alluring like magic ,
For physical form is but mental appearance ,
As a torch whirling round seems a circle of flame .
( 106 ) There is nothing substantial to anyone 's life - force
It crumbles apart like a water - soaked log
And there is nothing substantial to anyone 's life - span
It bursts in an instant like bubbles of foam .
All the things of this world are but fog - like appearance ;
When closely examined , they out of sight .
Like mirages these things at a distance seem lovely
But when we come closer , they are not to be found .
( 107 ) All things are like images found in a mirror ,
And yet we imagine they are real , very real ;
All things are like mist or like clouds on a mountain ,
And yet we imagine they are stable and firm .
Our foe : our insistence on ego- identities
Truly our own , which we wish were secure ,
And our butcher : the selfish concern for ourselves
Like all things there appear to be truly existent ,
Though they never have been truly existent at all .
( 108 ) Although they appear to be concrete and real ,
They have never been real , any time , anywhere .
They are not things we should burden with ultimate value ,
Nor should we deny them their relative truth .
As our grasping for egos and love for ourselves
Lack substantial foundations with true independence ,
How can they yield acts that exist by themselves ?
And then how can this cruel vicious circle of suffering ,
The fruit of these actions , be real from its core ?
( 109 ) Although all things thus lack inherent existence ,
Yet just as the face of the moon can be seen
In a cup of clear water reflecting its image ,
The various aspects of cause and effect
Appear in this relative world as reflections .
So please , in this world of appearances only ,
Let 's always be sure what we do is of virtue
And shun all those acts that would cause us great pain .
( 110 ) When our bodies are charred in a horrible nightmare
By the world - ending flames of a stellar explosion ,
Although this ordeal is not actually happening
We nevertheless feel great terror and scream .
In similar fashion unfortunate rebirths
In hells or as ghosts are not actually real ,
And yet we can fully experience their pain .
Thus fearing such suffering as burning alive ,
We must cease all these actions that yield this result .
( 111 ) When our mind are delirious , burning with fever ,
Although there is no darkness , we feel we are plummeting
Further and further inside a black pit
With the walls pressing closer the deeper we fall .
In similar fashion , although our dark ignorance
Lacks self - existence , we nevertheless
Must by all means break out of its strangling construction
By putting the three kinds of wisdom to use .
( 112 ) When musicians are playing a beautiful melody ,
Should we examine the sound they are making
We would see that it does not exist by itself .
But when we are not making our formal analysis ,
Still there is a beautiful tune to be heard ,
Which is merely a label on notes and on players
That is why lovely music can lighten sad hearts .
( 113 ) When we closely examine effects and their causes ,
We see that they both lack inherent existence
They cannot stand alone , either whole or apart
Yet there seem to exist independently rising
And falling events , which , in fact , are conditioned
By various forces , components and parts ,
It is this very level on which we experience
Birth and our death and whatever life brings .
So please , in this world of appearances only ,
Let 's always be sure what we do is of virtue
And shun all their acts that would cause ns great pain .
( 114 ) When a vase has been filled by the dripping of water ,
The first drops themselves did not fill it alone ;
Nor was it made full by the last several drops .
It was filled by an interdependent collection
Of causes and forces that came all together
The water , the pourer , the vase and such things .
( 115 ) It is precisely the same when we come to experience
Pleasure and pain : the results of our past
Effects never come from the first causal actions ,
Nor do they arise from the last several acts .
Both pleasure and pain come from interdependent
Collections of forces and causes combined .
So please , in this world of appearances only ,
Let 's always be sure what we do is of virtue
And shun all their acts that would cause us great pain .
( 116 ) When not making formal dissections with logic ,
Merely letting life 's happening flow freely on ,
Although we experience feelings of pleasure ,
In ultimate truth the appearance of happiness
Lacks self - existence inherently real .
And yet on the everyday operative level
This seeming appearance has relative truth .
To understand fully this deep profound meaning
For slow - minded persons , alas , will be hard .
( 117 ) And now when we try to do close contemplation
On Voidness , how can we have even a feeling
Of conventional truth at the very same time ?
Yet what can there be that has true self - existence ;
And what can there be that lacks relative truth ?
How can anyone anywhere believe in such things ?
( 118 ) Just as objects of Voidness are non-self - existent ,
The Voidness of objects itself is the same .
The shunning of vice and the practice of virtue
Are like wise devoid of all mantel constructions
That they are independent , self - contained acts
In fact , on the whole , they are lacking completely
All mental projections and an pre-conceptions .
Thus if we can focus our clear concentration
On Voidness without our mind wandering astray ,
Then truly we shall come to be wondrous beings
With a deep understanding of the most profound Void .
Wes Helms thinks Larry Beinfest could do a whole lot more with the Yankees cash :
“ If he uses the same philosophy he does with the low payroll I think it would be pretty amazing , ” Helms said .
“ It might be one of the best teams ever . ” … “ I ’ve always said it ’s not about the payroll , ” Helms said .
“ It ’s about the chemistry of the team .
I ’ve always been a big believer if you get a lot of superstars in one room it might cause more conflict than it does help the team . ”
No offense Wes , but these statements are a bit contradictory .
If “ it ’s not about the payroll , ” how would having a whole lot of payroll help Larry Beinfest make a better team ?
In addition , we ’ve all heard too much about the mystical quality of “ chemistry ” to know that all of that stuff is essentially luck .
Sure , if players feel good about themselves , maybe they ’ll play better .
But they ’re just as likely to play better if they suddenly get hot , or if they were actually good to begin with , or because it ’s July .
The fluctuations are no different most likely .
Tom D’Angelo , the author who wrote the blog post , also did some cherry - picking of his numbers , stating that the Marlins and Yankees have won the same number of postseason series since 2004 and one more World Series since 2000 .
First , he should really just pick 2000 if he was planning on making the World Series argument ; the way he did it made the cherry - picking more obvious .
Here ’s a look at the Marlins and Yankees payrolls , records , run differentials , and dollars per marginal win from 2000 - 2008 :
Florida Marlins
Record
Run Diff .
Payroll
Dollars / Marginal Win
2000
79 -82
- 66
$ 25,864,697
$ 834,345
2001
76-86
-2
$ 35,504,167
$ 1,268006
2002
79 -83
- 64
$ 41,979,917
$ 1,354191
2003
91-71
+ 59
$ 48,368,298
$ 1,124844
2004
83-79
+18
$ 42,118,042
$ 1,203373
2005
83-79
- 15
$ 60,408,834
$ 1,725967
2006
78-84
- 14
$ 14,998,500
$ 499,950
2007
71-91
- 101
$ 30,507,000
$ 1,326391
2008
84-77
+3
$ 21,811,500
$ 605,875
New York Yankees
Record
Run Diff .
Payroll
Dollars / Marginal Win
2000
87-74
+57
$ 113,365,877
$ 2,906817
2001
95-65
+91
$ 109,791,893
$ 2,335998
2002
103-58
+ 200
$ 125,928,583
$ 2,289611
2003
101-61
+ 161
$ 149,710,995
$ 2,824736
2004
101-61
+89
$ 182,835,513
$ 3,449727
2005
95 -67
+97
$ 208,306,817
$ 4,432060
2006
97-65
+ 163
$ 194,663,079
$ 3,972716
2007
94-68
+ 191
$ 189,639,045
$ 4,122588
2008
89-73
+62
$ 209,081,577
$ 5,099551
Pardon my table editing , I ’m still not up to snuff with this system .
Also , data provided by USA Today ’s Salary Database and of course the immeasurably excellent Baseball - Reference .
Marginal wins were determined by taking away the expected win total of a team of replacement - level players , as calculated here by Tom Tango
The tables are to be expected of course .
They certainly show payroll having a definite effect on wins .
They also show that the Yankees are overpaying compared to the Marlins for their wins .
It ’d be nice to see this sort of quickie exercise done for all teams over the last 10 years or so , as I ’d imagine Billy Beane would look quite a bit better under this analysis .
Still , can we say that Larry Beinfest , who began running operations for the Marlins in 2002 , could run the Yankees ; payroll as well as he did the Marlins ’ payroll ?
Undoubtedly no .
There ’s only so much talent in the league and so many games to win that it would silly to think Beinfest could manage $ 1.12 million per marginal win every year with that kind of payroll .
I ’d say he ’s probably doing a better job than Brian Cashman is for the Yankees , but considering the Yanks sizable coffers and the limited talent pool of players , Cashman is just working in a different spending environment than the Beinfest .
Could he be focusing more on the farm system and overseas ?
Sure , and that may trim those high marginal dollars down a bit .
But it would never approach the levels that low - market teams can and have to attain simply because the Yankees can’t flood the market with their money , as the talent pool is n’t large enough for that .
I also think this quickie survey uses the wrong statistic for measuring success .
I have the run differential up there , and I think a better evaluation of economic efficiency would be to use dollars per marginal run scored , as run differential is a far better estimator of a team ’s success .
From there , the usual 10 runs / win conversion can be used to determine a more accurate win value .
I ’ll be working a little bit on this project and post some results here .
Radaroo Twitter Dating Service
As Twitter helps businesses and people communicate in 140 characters or less , brevity in communication is changing businesses marketing strategies and replacing long , drawn out corporate communications .
As Twitter transforms the business world , could it also change the business of online dating , with online matchmaking profiles in 140 characters or less ?
With dating organizations like eHarmony , going beyond the traditional online dating profile and claiming to offer much more compatible matches with their comprehensive evaluations , Radaroo , which uses principles made popular by Twitter , is making love matches in 140 characters or less .
In order to get started with Radaroo , prospective daters simply need to create their dating profile using Radaroo ’s Twitter - based formula , as outlined above .
If you have n’t guessed it already , Radaroo connects daters on Twitter and uses social media to help them get to know each other .
Daters create their dating profiles , which are posted on Radaroo ’s website , so other Twitter daters can find them and follow them on Twitter to get to know them a little better and see if a love connection might be in the cards .
Radaroo dating profile information is also sent to the user ’s Twitter followers , because who knows who might be a secret admirer !
Right now Radaroo is a free Twitter dating service , but it ’s still a little bit rough around the edge – so we ’ll just have to wait and see how their business model evolves as the Twitter trend continues to grow .
Via InventorSpot
May 11 , 2009
Marx 's analysis of the free - market economy is as relevant as ever , but implicit in every word he wrote is the idea that capitalism " brings into the world the material means of its own destruction . "
WITH THE collapse of the Berlin Wall 20 years ago , and during the neoliberal economic boom since , it became very fashionable to declare Marxism dead .
But now that the deepest economic crisis since the 1930s has arrived , Karl Marx is suddenly alive again .
Sales of the first volume of Marx 's economic blockbuster Capital , a long and somewhat difficult book , have shot up in Germany .
" Generally , we have to admit that parts of Marx 's theory are not so bad , " remarked Germany 's Finance Minister , Peer Steinbrück .
Pope Benedict XVI -- that well - known radical -- praised Marx 's " great analytical skill . "
Even in the United States -- the place where we were once told socialism had been dashed on the reefs of roast beef and apple pie , and where up until recently even " liberal " was considered a dirty word --a Rasmussen poll shows 33 percent of people under 30 consider socialism to be better than capitalism .
Apparently , the din of capitalist crisis has drowned out the fading mantra of the wonders of the free market .
Columnist : Paul D’Amato Paul D'Amato is managing editor of the International Socialist Review and author of The Meaning of Marxism , a lively and accessible introduction to the ideas of Karl Marx and the tradition he founded .
Paul can be contacted at [ email protected ] .
Marx 's analysis of economic crisis is rightly praised , especially when his analysis is compared to economists who are essentially apologists for capitalism , and are therefore incapable of providing an honest assessment of the system .
While they concoct formulas that purport to prove that crises have been overcome , or that economic instability is merely accidental , Marx grasped the nature of crisis in a way that few economists do even today .
" In these crises , a great part not only of the existing products , but also of the previously created productive forces , are periodically destroyed , " Marx and his collaborator Frederick Engels wrote in the Communist Manifesto .
" In these crises , there breaks out an epidemic that , in all earlier epochs , would have seemed an absurdity -- the epidemic of overproduction . "
Marx argued that each crisis was overcome by the " enforced destruction of a mass of productive forces ; on the other , by the conquest of new markets , and by the more thorough exploitation of the old ones . "
Thus , he argued , the solution to each crisis merely paved " the way for more extensive and more destructive crises . "
The chaos of the free market
Marx also had some tantalizing insights into the nature of credit , noting , " The credit system appears as the principal lever of overproduction and excessive speculation in commerce . "
The expansion of credit prolongs the boom , but by doing so eventually expands production beyond what the market can absorb profitably .
At the peak of an economic upswing , credit speculation takes on a more pronounced character and takes the form of outright gambling .
As the economy expands and profits are flush , it appears as though money can magically expand itself .
Yet in the end , there must be some connection between the production of real wealth and financial speculation .
Much of the wealth built up through speculation turns out , when the crisis hits , to be " imaginary money wealth . "
WE MUST , however , qualify what we mean when we say that Marx is fashionable .
He 's so only up to a point ; his " analytical skill " is praised , only to denounce his revolutionary conclusions .
A recent Time online article titled " Rethinking Marx " epitomizes this method .
Featured at Socialism Hear Paul D'Amato at Socialism 2009 in Chicago and San Francisco , speaking on " The Real Lenin : Beyond Demonization and Mythmaking . "
Check out the Socialism 2009
Web site for more details .
See you at Socialism !
" Hovering out there in the fog , unavoidably , is the towering specter of Karl Marx , the grandfather of political economists , " writes Peter Gumbel . " [ I ] f you leave aside the prophetic , prescriptive parts of Marx 's writings , there 's a trenchant diagnosis of the underlying problems of a market economy that is surprisingly relevant even today . "
It is n't clear , however , what makes this Marx figure hovering out there in the fog so towering if all he has to offer us is a description of how markets lead us periodically into crisis .
Only the most ostrich - like economists would deny it at this point .
One can't help thinking that Marx is being damned with faint praise .
The truth is that Marx 's " trenchant diagnosis " of the failures of capitalism cannot be separated from the " prescriptive parts " of his analysis -- the two are indissolubly linked .
Could it be any other way ?
Is it possible to praise a doctor having a " trenchant diagnosis " of a patient 's illness , but who then offers a useless treatment , or no treatment at all ?
But this analogy only goes so far .
Marx was n't interested in stitching up the system 's wounds , but in showing how its own contradictions might lead to a new form of society .
Marx once wrote that " the philosophers had merely interpreted the world , " whereas the " point is to change it . "
All of his insights into the workings of history and of capitalism were made with this approach in mind .
When , for example , he describes crises , he is showing how capitalism accumulates wealth on one pole , and misery on the other ; how the " centralization of the means of production and the socialization of labor reach a point where they become incompatible with their capitalist integument " -- that is , with the capitalist form of social organization that encompasses them .
Take , for example , this passage from Capital :
Machinery in itself shortens the hours of labor , but when employed by capital it lengthens them ; ... in itself it lightens labor , but when employed by capital it heightens its intensity ; ... in itself is a victory of man over the forces of nature but in the hands of capital it makes man the slave of those forces ; ... in itself it increases the wealth of the producers , but in the hands of capital it makes them into paupers .
This is not merely an analysis of how capitalism works : it is an indictment of it .
Capitalism produces great wealth and then denies its benefits to those who produce it .
Marx thus did n't just analyze and critique the excesses of capitalism .
He wanted to show how capitalism was not an eternal system ; that it had a birth , and that it would have an end , just like previous economic systems ; that capitalism 's drive toward ever - greater productive power created conditions making possible a new society free of want and exploitation ; and that its own inbuilt contradictions would produce crisis and upheaval that would pave the way for a new social system -- provided the exploited class , the working class , could collectively rise up and take the reigns of power , and begin to reorganize society to meet the needs of all .
IMPLICIT IN all of Marx 's economic analysis is the idea that capitalism creates the conditions for its own abolition ; in his words , " it brings into the world the material means of its own destruction . "
In the Communist Manifesto , Marx and Engels praise the way in which capitalism has unleashed the power of human productivity :
The bourgeoisie , during its rule of scarce one hundred years , has created more massive and more colossal productive forces than have all preceding generations together .
Subjection of Nature 's forces to man , machinery , application of chemistry to industry and agriculture , steam - navigation , railways , electric telegraphs , clearing of whole continents for cultivation , canalization of rivers , whole populations conjured out of the ground -- what earlier century had even a presentiment that such productive forces slumbered in the lap of social labor ?
Why praise capitalism in a pamphlet proposing its overthrow ?
Because for Marx and Engels , this development of the productive forces brought about by capitalism created the material conditions to abolish class divisions and inequality .
There is now absolutely no reason for there to be poverty in the world .
According to Engels :
[ The ] industrial revolution ... has raised the productive power of human labor to such a high level that -- for the first time in the history of humanity -- the possibility exists , given a rational division of labor among all , to produce not only enough for the plentiful consumption of all members of society and for an abundant reserve fund , but also to leave each individual sufficient leisure so that what is really worth preserving in historically inherited culture -- science , art , human relations is not only preserved , but converted from a monopoly of the ruling class into the common property of the whole of society , and further developed .
As soon as capitalism creates these conditions of abundance , Engels writes :
[ E]very excuse disappears for the existence of a ruling class .
Was not the final reason with which class differences were defended always : there must be a class which need not plague itself with the production of its daily subsistence , in order that it may have time to look after the intellectual work of society ?
This talk , which up to now had its great historical justification , has been cut off at the root once and for all by the industrial revolution of the last hundred years . "
That is why those who are serious about changing the world must move beyond superficial praise of Marx , and toward a real understanding of his ideas .
Sometimes , when you 're sitting at your desk , all you want are some piping - hot baked beans .
Hey , we all know it , why not admit it ?
That 's why Heinz is working on a USB beans microwave .
Advertisement
No , this is n't a joke .
The Beanzawave —yes , Beanzawave — is billed as the world 's smallest microwave , measuring just 7.4 inches tall by 2.6 inches wide and 5.9 inches deep .
It 's perfect for desktop bean cookery , and Heinz is even dabbling in Lithium Ion batteries for on - the - go beans heating .
Amazing .
The whole shebang should be released for a mere $ 160 if Heinz ever does release it , which it 'll do if consumer feedback is positive .
Consider us on board , Heinz .
[ Daily Mail via Fast Company ]
The photograph captures a fleeting moment of violence , but it tells the story of far - reaching abuse .
In the dusty streets of Simlana , a small village in Uttar Pradesh , northern India , a man is attacking a 12 - year - old boy .
The boy 's name is Pardip and he suffers from a neurological disorder that developed when he drank contaminated water sourced from the polluted Hindon river .
But whose is the greater crime – the man hitting Pardip , or those whose disregard for the environment first led to his condition ?
The Centre for Crime and Justice Studies , an educational charity based at Kings College London , has just announced the winners of its photographic competition , sponsored by the Wates Foundation , which asked for visual answers to the question " What is Crime ? "
The resulting exhibition , to be mounted in association with The Independent , includes Pardip by Alex Masi .
One eminent competition judge , the film director Ken Loach , named it as his favourite entry .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Rather than traditional images of criminality and justice , such as prison bars or policemen , the competition organisers asked for photographs that would " stimulate thinking about harm , injustice and crime " .
The exhibition contains a series of powerful images in three categories – Environment , Finance and Violence – all of which ask the viewer to recalibrate their sense of what is , or is n't , criminal .
Open to anyone , the competition attracted participation from a range of amateur and professional photographers .
" The entries were n't necessarily judged on the excellence of the photograph , " says organiser Anna Gilmour , " but on whether people had understood the ideas and themes and executed their response well .
Of course , the professional photographers produced some particularly excellent examples , but we had fantastic entries from amateurs , too . "
The judges were also happy to find that they had attracted images from around the world .
The overall winner is Reyaz Limalia , who took his image , of Israel 's wall across the West Bank , while on a trip to Bethlehem .
" At first glance it looks like the graffiti on the wall is the crime , " Limalia wrote .
" But the true crime is the oppression of the wall itself ...
The great tragedy is how the wall not only affects life for those there , but the impact it has on others around the world . "
Another photograph of the wall , taken by Jim Bulley , won in the Violence category , for its representation not of actual violence , but of " the continued violence against the Palestinian people " .
Closer to home , the winner in the Finance category was Davy Jones , for May 's Legs , his photograph of the damage wrought on his mother 's body by years of working long hours for little pay .
It recalls the brutally confessional family photography of former Turner Prize nominee Richard Billingham .
" My father died when I was 13 , leaving my mother to bring my sister and I up by herself in Liverpool during the Thatcher years , " Jones explains .
" She worked two jobs ; despite this we were on the breadline .
Now 86 and crippled with arthritis this shot , for me , sums up the unrelenting work she has done for low wages and with little help . "
The finance category was inevitably dominated by images of the current recession .
Four shades of blue in sixty - eight shut down shops , by Gregory Levitt , shows the effect of the crunch on Britain 's high streets , where the shuttered stores starkly reflect the dire state of the nation 's economy .
" The rose - tinted notion of Britain as a ' nation of shopkeepers ' , " says Levitt , " is fading into the past . "
Meanwhile , the Environment category included not just places , but faces too .
Laura Pannack 's Gemma was one of a series of sympathetic images of young people .
Society , Pannack explains , " has a tendency to enforce blame on the younger generation for crime and violence .
These negative stereotypes encourage further rebellion and prevent young people from gaining self confidence and aspiration ; they fuel a lack of self - worth and anger .
" I have intentionally left it unclear whether my subjects are offenders on probation , pupils with special needs , private school attendants or other young people I have encountered .
The forename of each young person gives the viewer a hint as to their identity without attaching stigma – and emphasises the fact that each of my subjects is unique . "
Larry Gibson is not so anonymous .
Photographed by Jo Syz at his home on Kayford Mountain in West Virginia , Gibson is the head man of the Stanleys , who have lived on the mountain since the 1700s , and are the only family there who have refused to sell their acres – 50 of them – to the MTR coal mining company .
Gibson , the founder of a local environmental organisation that campaigns against MTR , travels the globe to raise awareness of the damage cause to the environment by the company 's mining methods .
Some people chose to photograph the aftermath of violence rather than the action .
The moving Jack Large , Chigwell 2008 by Phil Bedford shows the spot outside a closed police station on the Limes Farm Estate in Grange Hill , Essex , where , on 30 November , the 14 - year - old Large was beaten and fatally stabbed after allegedly racially abusing another boy .
Alex Masi was named the winner of the Environment category , though not for Pardip , but for Dark Waters , his stunning image of the contaminated Krishni river 's jet - black surface .
" The river flows through the Indo - Gangetic plains of Uttar Pradesh , India , " the photographer explains .
" Where discharges from numerous industries enter watercourses and penetrate underground reservoirs , endangering the health of local communities and the environment . "
Dark Waters suggests the crime preoccupying Masi was not – as one might first have assumed – the violence visited upon individual children by their elders , but the ecological destruction destined to impact not only on today 's children , but on their children and grandchildren .
What is Crime ? is at 198 Gallery , 198 Railton Road , Brixton , London , SE24 0JT , 9 July - 28 August
Argh .
My trainer just came over and I worked out for the first time since January .
It kind of sort of feels good , but mostly it feels like I was on the road for three months and I need to get back into some kind of shape .
I shall break out the Wiii fit tonight I think .
And trampoline a lot .
...
Oranges Are Not The Only Fruit
Having said that ,
Here 's a piece on why it may not be fixed overnight ( I mean , a week ago , a search for " Girl Scout Cookie " on Amazon.com produced sexy costumes , speculums , wolf urine and a Morgan Freeman biography as a result .
Now the speculums and Morgan Freeman biography have vanished ( although the wolf urine is still there ) .
Obviously , Amazon listings are always in flux ... )
Having said that , Amazon describing it to the AP as " a glitch " is n't as reassuring as they might perhaps have hoped .
Something 's obviously wrong , and it's something that Amazon should not ever have touched with a ten - foot bargepole .
But who made it happen , and whether it was stupid or evil , and how long it 's going to take to fix , and whether they 're going to apologise , all remain to be seen .
( NB .
If you 're an Amazon spokesentity and you 're reading this , trust me , the whole apology thing would be a really smart idea . )
Here 's a piece on why it may not be fixed overnight http://sbisson.livejournal.com/927640.html
Edit to add , and here 's Patrick Nielsen Hayden as well :
And a small final useful post :
Edit to add , and here 's Patrick Nielsen Hayden as well : http://nielsenhayden.com/makinglight/archives/011173.html
And a small final useful post : http://melissagira.com/sexerati/2009/04/13/amazon-coder-someone-internally-tagged-thousands-of-titles-adult/
...
Meanwhile , Cat Mihos is about to launch the redesign of the Neverwear Site , and she 's holding a contest to celebrate :
Yesterday morning someone called @ Zanzando twittered me , saying , I asked for links , expecting it not to be a real problem , and found myself discovering that , yes , Amazon were indeed doing this -- deleting books from the Amazon Rank database .
And to books like .
It was a very real problem .
( A list of affected books is up at http://community.livejournal.com/meta_writer/11992.html )
( The removal of a book 's Amazon rank is , among other things , going to make it much harder to find on an Amazon search . )
So I twittered about it , using the #amazonfail tag , and people read it and retweeted it and spread it around .
And it rapidly became the top topic on Twitter .
( Er , I 'm not saying this was because of me .
I probably speeded things up by a few minutes . )
Soon wonderful things like this were appearing , and I was retweeting them .
People within and without the GLBT communities saw the utter stupidity of this ( along with the dangers of a more or less monopolistic retailer that was used as much for information as it was for sales deciding that only information it approved of could go out there ) .
Several hours later people were asking me about why I was n't boycotting Amazon because Amazon had n't fixed it yet , and I found myself pointing out that it was Easter Sunday , and honestly , you were going to have to give them a chance to fix it ...
Labels : Amazon foolishness , cat mihos , Neverwear tee shirts
This year marks the 40th anniversary of President Richard Nixon ’s start of the war on drugs , and it now appears that drugs have won .
“ We ’ve spent a trillion dollars prosecuting the war on drugs , ” Norm Stamper , a former police chief of Seattle , told me .
“ What do we have to show for it ?
Drugs are more readily available , at lower prices and higher levels of potency .
It ’s a dismal failure . ”
For that reason , he favors legalization of drugs , perhaps by the equivalent of state liquor stores or registered pharmacists .
Other experts favor keeping drug production and sales illegal but decriminalizing possession , as some foreign countries have done .
Here in the United States , four decades of drug war have had three consequences :
First , we have vastly increased the proportion of our population in prisons .
The United States now incarcerates people at a rate nearly five times the world average .
In part , that ’s because the number of people in prison for drug offenses rose roughly from 41,000 in 1980 to 500,000 today .
Until the war on drugs , our incarceration rate was roughly the same as that of other countries .
Here I will describe how I did an Ajaxed pagination for one of my projects using jQuery and Livequery Plugin .
Currently I am working on a huge project which , hopefully , will feed me with some ideas for blog posts and this is one of them :) .
So :
1. Loading the javascript libs
Loading the jQuery and Livequery was done by Autoloader helper , but if you do n’t use it just include jQuery and Livequery in your layout with following code
<? php
echo $ javascript -> link ( ' jquery.min ' ) ;
echo $ javascript -> link ( ' plugins/jquery.livequery ' ) ;
?>
2. Javascript which handles ajax requests
I would suggest to create separate file about this , but you could insert that code in your layout file .
Depends from your coding style .
So , the snippet :
$ ( ' a[ href*=/ sort : ] , a[ href*= / page : ] ' ) . livequery ( ' click ' , function ( ) {
$ ( ' # content ' ) . load ( $ ( this ) . attr ( ' href ' ) ) ;
return false ;
} ) ;
Other important things
Add component RequestHandler , which will detect what is the request type to the controller and automatically change the layout to Ajax .
Otherwise you need to change this manually .
Change # content with id of the element which holds the CakePHP content in your design .
This is the default #id , so if you are using default layout , do n’t touch it . 🙂
What does this script ?
The script replaces the standard click event to all links which are used for pagination and sort .
Livequery plugin re-bind this after the ajax request .
The good thing is that even if the JavaScript is disabled in the users browser , the sort and pagination functionality will be operational .
The idea for this approach was taken from LucidChart blog .
So thanks for the idea !
Everyone is talking a lot about open government and transparency these days .
It ’s exhilarating stuff , and it ’s even more exciting to see governments get behind it , creating sites like data.gov in the U.S. for the public to access government information via APIs .
But every time I hear someone say something like “ our organization is really into transparency ” ( which is often ) it sounds odd to me .
It ’s only talking about a part of the puzzle , not the whole puzzle .
What we really want ( or what I really want anyway ) is not simply government transparency , but an open civic system – a civic system that operates , and flourishes , as a fully open system , for whatever level we happen to be talking about – federal , state , city , neighborhood , whatever .
And transparency is a big part of that open civic system , but it is still only one part .
In fact there are four parts to a functioning open civic system .
These are :
Government to Citizen ( G2C ) .
This is what people speak of when they talk about transparency and open government data .
It ’s the idea of creating open pipelines for data directly from government and gov’t agencies to whoever is interested in receiving it .
G2C gets you accountability – watchdog groups suddenly have easy access to the paper trails for everything that is going on , etc .
It also gets you things like transit schedules , minutes from meetings , and zoning data – things that can be built on by third parties to make the civic system work better .
G2C is critical stuff , but without the other three components in place , we ca n’t make the most of this open government data .
What we need is not simply a pipe of open data , we need an ecosystem of open civic data , all interconnected , all flowing every which way .
That ’s what the other three “ pillars ” of an open civic system gets us .
Citizen to Government ( C2G ) .
The counterpart to G2C .
This is the idea of creating open pipelines from the people directly to the government – hopefully with someone listening on the other end .
Adding C2G to G2C completes the circuit and makes open government APIs and such that much stronger – it takes what was a uni-directional data flow and turns it into a feedback loop of information , input and output .
At the city level , C2G is taking shape right now in the form of Open 311 – a open API that anyone can build on that allows residents to create “ problem tickets ” for their city to address one way or another .
Washington D.C. is currently launching an open 311 API , and I expect more cities will follow suit soon .
Other examples of C2G include UK ’s FixMyStreet and SeeClickFix.com from New Haven , Connecticut , both sites with a huge amount of potential .
There are a million different , nuanced ways C2G could be played out , at the local , state and federal levels .
Citizen to Citizen ( C2C ) .
Okay so now we have both open G2C and C2G data flows going , and that ’s great – huge amplification of civic activity , great realization of efficiency with regards to interaction between government and people .
But there are all sorts of ways to improve civic life that do n’t really need to involve the government at all – what about those things ?
That ’s where Citizen to Citizen , or C2C , data flows come in .
C2C is the citizens ’ brigade of data flow – it ’s the people doing it for themselves , whatever “ it ” happens to be .
Clever Commute , in New Jersey , is one example of a great C2C data flow .
Everyone who commutes by train into NYC subscribes to the Clever Commute feed , and then notifies each other of what the current delays are , and where , each morning .
The system works better than anything New Jersey Transit has been able to pull together , and at a cost of essentially zero .
This is the great thing about C2C – it is added value to the civic system at no additional cost to the system itself .
The cost to operate C2C is passed on to those who are using it , and spread out amongst individuals , to the point where the costs become negligible .
Instead of New Jersey Transit coming up with a system that knows how late each of its trains are at a cost of millions of tax dollars , the users of Clever Commute bear the cost of the system , and it costs pennies for each user to operate ( the cost of sending a text message ) .
C2C is a huge value - add on top of G2C and C2G , and as governments consider how to get increased services in these recessionary times , I expect C2C to be huge – once governments get used to the idea .
Government to Government ( G2G ) .
Lastly , the square is not complete without open Government - to - Government data flows .
Entities within governments should have easy , open data exchange with each other , without having to issue a request , parse something out of a PDF , and so forth .
The ability for , say , the NYC Department of Health to get data from the Los Angeles DoH in realtime , without having to talk to anyone or issue a request could be a huge asset .
Or think of the efficiencies that could be gained if the NYC DOT were able to exchange realtime data with the NYPD .
If these examples sound vague , it ’s because G2G is the “ pillar ” I know the least about , having never worked in a government agency .
From what I ’ve learned though , it seems to me that there could be a huge increase to civic utility with a little bit of thought about an open G2G system .
And of course you can blend these data flows and come up with hybrids all you like .
DIYcity ’s SickCity , for example , is basically a C2C tool in its present , basic 1.0 incarnation – it detects instances of residents in your city saying they ’re sick , and passes that news on to other residents .
But a more sophisticated version of the tool would also pass that information on directly to the Department of Health when relevant , and would also , optimally , accept data from the DoH to pass that back to residents .
Suddenly it has gone from a simple C2C tool to a tool that is C2C , C2G and G2C .
Now we ’re talking about interesting stuff .
Each additional channel of data makes the system exponentially more valuable .
With all of these systems properly developed and engaged , our civic systems – local , regional , federal – should bloom and transform into the properly modern , Internet - age things they ought to be .
This will translate to increases in efficiency , greater innovation and rate of change , better adaptability , and greater resilience , in addition to other advantages .
To get there though , we ’ve got to get beyond thinking simply in terms of transparency and government APIs .
Summary : Usability suffers when users type in passwords and the only feedback they get is a row of bullets .
Typically , masking passwords does n't even increase security , but it does cost you business due to login failures .
It 's time to show most passwords in clear text as users type them .
Providing feedback and visualizing the system 's status have always been among the most basic usability principles .
Showing undifferentiated bullets while users enter complex codes definitely fails to comply .
Most websites ( and many other applications ) mask passwords as users type them , and thereby theoretically prevent miscreants from looking over users ' shoulders .
Of course , a truly skilled criminal can simply look at the keyboard and note which keys are being pressed .
So , password masking does n't even protect fully against snoopers .
More importantly , there 's usually nobody looking over your shoulder when you log in to a website .
It 's just you , sitting all alone in your office , suffering reduced usability to protect against a non-issue .
The Costs of Masking
Password masking has proven to be a particularly nasty usability problem in our testing of mobile devices , where typing is difficult and typos are common .
But the problem exists for desktop users as well .
When you make it hard for users to enter passwords you create two problems — one of which actually lowers security :
Users make more errors when they can't see what they 're typing while filling in a form .
They therefore feel less confident .
This double degradation of the user experience means that people are more likely to give up and never log in to your site at all , leading to lost business .
( Or , in the case of intranets , increased support calls . )
when they can't see what they 're typing while filling in a form .
They therefore .
This double degradation of the user experience means that people are more likely to give up and never log in to your site at all , leading to .
( Or , in the case of intranets , increased support calls . )
The more uncertain users feel about typing passwords , the more likely they are to ( a ) employ overly simple passwords and / or ( b ) copy - paste passwords from a file on their computer .
Both behaviors lead to a true loss of security .
Yes , users are sometimes truly at risk of having bystanders spy on their passwords , such as when they 're using an Internet cafe .
It 's therefore worth offering them a checkbox to have their passwords masked ; for high - risk applications , such as bank accounts , you might even check this box by default .
In cases where there 's a tension between security and usability , sometimes security should win .
In most cases , however , users will appreciate getting clear - text feedback as they enter passwords .
Your business will increase , and security will even improve a tiny bit as well .
Abandon Legacy Design
Password masking has become common for no reasons other than ( a ) it 's easy to do , and ( b ) it was the default in the Web 's early days .
In this respect , it 's similar to another usability problem — having Reset buttons on forms , which is also something that should die .
Generally , I recommend adhering to conventions .
Do what users expect , and they can concentrate their brainpower on understanding your products and offers instead of struggling with the user interface .
But password masking and Reset buttons are not something users actively seek out .
Losing these features wo n't cause confusion , nor will their replacements : the new features will simply be clear text ( in the first case ) and a blank area where the destroy - my - work button used to be ( in the second ) .
This is very different from removing something users look for or introducing something they do n't understand .
Let 's clean up the Web 's cobwebs and remove stuff that 's there only because it 's always been there .
Update : Microsoft Listens
The release of Internet Explorer 10 in 2013 added a neat new feature : view password in cleartext while clicking a small icon in a field with otherwise - masked characters .
Looks like this :
This is not quite what I wanted when I asked websites to stop password masking .
But this is a good example of how browser vendors can help users overcome usability problems in web design .
Nice work Microsoft .
Welcome to Crackheads Candy !
We hope you enjoy the site , and most of all enjoy the candy .
Crackheads ® is a unique and delicious blend of gourmet
White and dark chocolate covered espresso beans .
Our newest product , Crackheads2 ® is gourmet 60 % cocoa dark chocolate covered espresso bean with a crunchy candy shell with a big caffeine boost added !
Gourmet meets functional .
Each box of Crackheads2® contains the same caffeine in approximately 6 cups of coffee , 7.5 Red Bull® energy drinks , or 11 cans of Mountain Dew® !.
Supreme taste , huge pick - me - up , guaranteed .
Read more …
Tupper Lake , N.Y .
At the Wild Center , deep in the heart of the Adirondacks of upstate New York , it 's not unusual to see a curator wandering the premises with a raven perched on his forearm .
In the galleries surrounding a soaring central court , you 'll hear peeps , screeches and birdcalls -- both simulated and real -- typical of the forests and streams of this sprawling wilderness .
And if you sit down to lunch in the center 's café , you 'll be at water level with a man - made pond and might even catch sight of a graceful egret ...
According to the 2009 Expat Explorer Survey , the best paid expats in the world live in Russia , Asia and the Middle East .
The largest proportion of high rollers resided in the countries of Russia , Japan and Qatar .
Following close behind , a third to a quarter of foreigners working in Hong Kong , the United Arab Emirates , Thailand and India earned annual wages of more than $ 200,000 .
Meanwhile , countries such as Malaysia , China and India were ranked among the cheapest for accommodation .
Of course , being able to put money away for retirement and security is also a big perk to expatriating , and the survey showed that Saudi Arabia , Russia , Qatar , India and the United Arab Emirates were the top five countries where people have increased their savings– even despite the global economic crisis .
Unfortunately , the survey also reported that while expatriation is helping Americans and Brits abroad , the situation was not so kind finacially for people living from abroad in the U.S. and Britain , where the economic crisis is hitting expats hard .
Close to a quarter living in those anglophone nations are considering returning home , compared to just 15 percent overall , due to the high cost of living , lack of savings and lower wages .
Australia and Beligium have also had trouble retaining their expatriates ; the survey reported that expats in those countries were the poorest wage - wise among those surveyed .
All in all , Russia was the only country technically outside of the Middle East and Asia which reported among the top 10 in expat wealth .
That may tell you something regarding trends in response to the global recession .
Check out the full report here !
Source : Reuters
Comments
A huge storm ( just above right of centre ) known as the Dragon Storm which appeared in Saturn 's southern hemisphere in mid-September 2004 .
This composite image of Saturn 's atmosphere and rings was taken in near infrared light through filters that sense different amounts of methane gas .
Large concentrations show up in red , indicating clouds deep in the atmosphere .
Grey indicates high clouds , and brown indicates clouds at intermediate altitudes
Photograph : Nasa
After a night of provocation and taunting , a 31 - year - old Maineville , Ohio man was brutally attacked by at least four people during a night out at Tabby 's American Bar and Grill , Local 12 reports :
" Ronnie Robertson 's nose is broken , he has deep cuts and scratches
around his eyes and cheeks .
The 31 year old Mainville man is openly
gay , his friends saying he 's regretting not going to a gay bar Tuesday
night … A criminal investigation is underway , looking for
everyone involved in the attack .
Two women were arrested on the spot :
Sarah Goldsberry , and Tammy Lingle .
They are charged with felony
assault , and disrupting police business … Kelly Coffey says her friends , a mix of gay and straight people chose
Tabby 's to play sand volleyball – but were harassed by a man who
continued to ask who in the group was gay and who was n't & her
brother finally answered .
' When he admitted that he was , they lost it ,
went crazy and started attacking my brother and pushing him out of the
bar . ' "
Police are looking for at least two men involved in the attack , and Local 12 has not been able to reach the bar 's owner .
Watch their report , AFTER THE JUMP …
The new iPhone may launch in June ?
Rumors about the new iPhone model are doing the rounds in the tech blogosphere again .
Engadget says that at this point there ’s little doubt that a new iPhone model ( possibly two ) will at least be announced in June .
“ Now the Commercial Times have chimed in with a report saying that components from Taiwan - based suppliers have begun shipments as Apple ( or its China - based assemblers , rather ) readies for a “ June launch ” pegged by said suppliers to reach about 2 - 3 million units per quarter ” .
The new iPhone will have 3.2 MP still / video camera , a digital compass ( magnetometer ) , a possible 802.11n WiFi , a much bigger storage ( possibly a 32GB ) and all that new features from the new iPhone OS 3.0 .
It was also reported here that the next - gen iPhone will be having an FM transmitter / receiver with its new Broadcom chip .
I ’m looking forward to this rumor .
Let ’s just wait until June .
Durham , N.C .
BY withholding bonuses from their top executives , Goldman Sachs and UBS may soften negative reaction from Congress and the public if their earnings reports in December are poor , as is expected .
But will they also suffer because their executives , lacking the motivation that big bonuses are thought to provide , will not do their jobs well ?
Of course , there are many reasons to be disgusted with executive pay .
It feels unfair that so many people make so much money managing our money , and it is often difficult to see how their talent and abilities justify their compensation .
We find it particularly offensive when executives receive high bonuses after disastrous performances .
But does n’t the promise of a big bonus push people to work to the best of their ability ?
To look at this question , three colleagues and I conducted an experiment .
We presented 87 participants with an array of tasks that demanded attention , memory , concentration and creativity .
We asked them , for instance , to fit pieces of metal puzzle into a plastic frame , to play a memory game that required them to reproduce a string of numbers and to throw tennis balls at a target .
We promised them payment if they performed the tasks exceptionally well .
About a third of the subjects were told they ’d be given a small bonus , another third were promised a medium - level bonus , and the last third could earn a high bonus .
We did this study in India , where the cost of living is relatively low so that we could pay people amounts that were substantial to them but still within our research budget .
The lowest bonus was 50 cents  equivalent to what participants could receive for a day ’s work in rural India .
The middle - level bonus was $ 5 , or about two weeks ’ pay , and the highest bonus was $ 50 , five months ’ pay .
The release of the second [ shal ] Saints Row 2 [ / shal ]
DLC package , Corporate Warfare , is almost here .
The new DLC focuses on the struggle between the Saints and Ultor Corporation .
And like the prior Ultor Exposed DLC , there ’ll be a ton of new vehicles , customization items , and a few multiplayer maps to round out the experience .
But there ’s also a new Competitive Co-op mode , as well as some community requests .
The whole focus of this [ shal ] DLC [ / shal ] is to keep the fans happy , and [ shal ] Volition [ / shal ] is setting out to do this by including requested items like face bandannas and hockey masks , as well as a great Co-op mission and “ a conclusion that defies description . ”
Screenshots from the DLC , including one of its multiplayer maps , Lost Island , are viewable below .
Check them out and let us know what you think !
Corporate Warfare will be available May 28th for $ 7.00 on the PS Store .
[ Source ]
I 've put up some source code here for all who are interested .
Everything here is under an unrestricted license , which means that you 're free to do almost anything with it except sue me .
Free Source
QBrew
Homebrewer 's recipe calculator .
I needed one so I wrote one .
Use this to formulate recipes for ales , lagers and stouts .
It also includes a brewing primer for those just starting out in the homebrewing hobby .
QBrew builds and runs under Linux , Unix ( BSD , Solaris , etc ) , Mac OSX and Windows .
See a screenshot of QBrew in action .
Last updated May 25th , 2008
Source Code qbrew -0.4.1.tar.gz [ 284 K ]
Here 's the current stable version .
To compile this , you will need the Qt library , available at Troll Tech .
See the INSTALL file for more information .
Prebuilt Packages Macintosh : qbrew-osx.zip [ 8.8 M ] , here 's a native package of QBrew 0.4.1 for Macintosh OSX .
This is a Universal binary , for both PPC and x86 , v10.4 and above .
Here 's a screenshot of QBrew on the Mac. Windows : qbrew-win32.zip [ 4.5 M ] , here 's a native package of QBrew 0.4.1 for Windows .
Just unzip it and run the installer .
Linux / BSD / Unix : Packages are available for many Linux and Unix systems , including Debian GNU / Linux , Ubuntu Linux , OpenSUSE , FreeBSD , and NetBSD .
Please check your package manager or repository for availability .
Repository Public read - only anonymous access to QBrew 's Subversion repository is at https://cvs.ics.com/svn/qbrew, using the account " qbrew " and password " qbrewguest " .
Thanks to my employer , ICS , for providing the repository .
HârnMaker
HârnMaster character generator .
This is for the HârnMaster roleplaying game , third edition .
It works under Unix ( Linux , BSD , Solaris , etc ) , Mac OSX , and Windows .
Here 's a screenshot .
Last updated September 29th , 2007
Source Code harnmaker -0.5.0.tar.gz , [ 379 K ]
Here is the current stable version .
To compile this , you will need the Qt version 4 library , available at Troll Tech .
See the INSTALL file for more information .
Prebuilt Packages Macintosh : harnmaker-osx.zip [ 3.0 M ] , here 's a native package of HârnMaker 0.5.0 for Macintosh OSX .
This is a Universal binary , for both PPC and x86 , v10.4 and above .
Here 's a screenshot of HârnMaker on the Mac. Windows : harnmaker -win32.zip [ 3.2 M ] , here 's a native package of HârnMaker 0.5.0 for Windows .
Just unzip it and run the installer .
Linux / BSD / Unix : I am not aware of any prebuilt packages or ports for Unix .
It is an easy matter to build from the sources above , however .
Themes and Styles
For yourQt and KDE eyecandy needs , here are some themes and styles .
Last updated May 2nd , 2007 .
phase -0.8.tar.bz2 [ 17 K ]
An original widget style for Qt . It is designed to be functional but not drab , and aesthetic but not distracting .
This version is for Qt 4 .
If you want the KDE 3 version , you can use phase - 0.7.tar. bz2 .
See a screenshot .
Phase is now a part of KDE 's kdeartwork package , and is being maintained there .
qinx -1.4.tar.bz2 [ 374 K ]
Here 's a widget style and window decoration for KDE 3 .
It is inspired by the QNX Photon desktop .
See a screenshot .
newstep-0.6.tar.bz2 [ 365 K ]
A widget style for KDE 3 emulating the NeXT look and feel .
By default , a modern look with gradients is used , but the " classic " NeXT look can be set as an option .
See a screenshot .
grover -1.1.tar.gz [ 459 K ]
Here 's a window decoration for KDE 3 .
Like Phase , its goals are to be functional but not drab , aesthetic but not distracting .
See a screenshot .
Also see the Kwin Theming HOWTO for a tutorial and example code to create your own Kwin theme .
Miscellaneous
Snippets , tidbits , classes and stuff .
These are unmaintained , so use at your own risk !
textprinter -0.3.tar.gz [ 23 K ]
A utility class that may be useful to some of you .
It is not a report tool , but a utility to make printing easier .
You can define headers and footers , and print , export to PDF or display a print preview .
A quick example and documentation is included .
lexicon -0.1.tar.gz [ 9 K ]
Here 's a lexical generator based on phonological constraints .
In other words , a random word generator .
Use it for conlangs , rpgs , etc .
quantity - 0.1.tar.gz [ 5 K ]
Here 's a Quantity class based on Fowler 's Quantity Analysis Pattern .
Store your weights and measures as Quantity types and easily convert between units .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
AP is reporting that opposition leader Mir-Hosein Mousavi has agreed to the Interior Ministry ’s demand that he apply for a permit one week in advance for any demonstrations , and will cease calling for unlicensed rallies .
This is an about - face on Saturday from his stance just 24 hours earlier , when he said that the election theft attempt would be crushed .
Mousavi did complain that rallies for his rival Mahmoud Ahmadinejad are allowed without all this rigamarole , implying that the Interior Ministry is treating him and his followers unfairly .
D’oh .
The Iranian authorities are now alleging that they have examined a series of ballot boxes and found no evidence of fraud .
The problem with this approach , which is being echoed by some Western observers , is that you have to explain the wholly implausible outcome first .
Ballots can always be phonied up in various ways .
When has there ever been a whistleblower in Egypt who explained how exactly the ruling National Democratic Party always wins parliamentary elections ?
And yet we know they are fixed .
It is n’t interesting how– the * outcomes * tell us that they are .
Meanwhile grassroots protesters are still calling on Iranians to gather in the traditional markets at 9 am in Tehran and other cities , as an attempt to reinvent mass gatherings .
This is a way for them to achieve a shop strike indirectly , hurting the economy and putting pressure on the regime .
The announcement says , ‘ If [ the authorities ] try to prevent us from doing this , they will inevitably close down the bazaar .
If they do n’t prevent it , we will gather in such numbers that anyway the bazaar will be closed . ”
They say people should just go , initially pretending to be ordinary shoppers , shouting no slogans and wearing no green .
But once the pedestrians swell to large numbers in the bazaar , they should simply mill around and decline to buy anything , which will have the effect of making it impossible for real customers to buy anything , either .
They portray this method as likely to avoid any bloodshed .
( Bazaars are admittedly labyrinthine , and getting a bead on someone inside one may not be easy ; and , the bazaaris or shopkeepers and artisans would rather mind gunplay around their merchandise , and they are a backbone for any regime in Iran that wants to survive very long . )
The organizers also say that they hope to see this message spread around the blogosphere , maintaining that the more Iranians who know about it , the better it will work .
This is the announcement in Persian :
Click on the image for larger text .
( Hitting the ‘ control ’ button and the plus sign on the keyboard will also size the image up further in most browsers .
But go to the larger text first , since it will show more clearly ) .
End / ( Not Continued )
Scientists at The University of Manchester have developed a new way of dating archaeological objects – using fire and water to unlock their ‘ internal clocks ’ .
The simple method promises to be as significant a technique for dating ceramic materials as radiocarbon dating has become for organic materials such as bone or wood .
A team from The University of Manchester and The University of Edinburgh has discovered a new technique which they call ‘ rehydroxylation dating ’ that can be used on fired clay ceramics like bricks , tile and pottery .
Working with The Museum of London , the team has been able to date brick samples from Roman , medieval and modern periods with remarkable accuracy .
They have established that their technique can be used to determine the age of objects up to 2,000 years old – but believe it has the potential to be used to date objects around 10,000 years old .
The exciting new findings have been published online today ( 20 May 2009 ) by the Proceedings of the Royal Society A .
The method relies on the fact that fired clay ceramic material will start to chemically react with atmospheric moisture as soon as it is removed from the kiln after firing .
This continues over its lifetime causing it to increase in weight – the older the material , the greater the weight gain .
In 2003 the Manchester and Edinburgh team discovered a new law that precisely defines how the rate of reaction between ceramic and water varies over time .
The application of this law underpins the new dating method because the amount of water that is chemically combined with a ceramic provides an ‘ internal clock ’ that can be accessed to determine its age .
The technique involves measuring the mass of a sample of ceramic and then heating it to around 500 degrees Celsius in a furnace , which removes the water .
The sample is then monitored in a super - accurate measuring device known as a microbalance , to determine the precise rate at which the ceramic will combine with water over time .
Using the time law , it is possible to extrapolate the information collected to calculate the time it will take to regain the mass lost on heating – revealing the sample ’s age .
They have calculated that a Roman brick sample with a known age of around 2,000 years was 2,001 years old .
A further sample with a known age of between 708 and 758 years was calculated to have an age of 748 years .
The researchers also tested a ‘ mystery brick ’ , with the real age only revealed to them once they had completed their process .
This known age was between 339 and 344 years – and the new technique suggested the brick was 340 years old .
During the course of their research , the team also found that ceramic objects have their internal date clocks reset if they are exposed to temperatures of 500 degrees Celsius .
Used on medieval brick from Canterbury , the technique repeatedly dated a sample as being 66 years old .
Further investigation revealed that Canterbury was devastated by incendiary bombs and fires during a Second World War blitz in 1942 .
The intense heat generated by the bombing had reset the dating clock by effectively re-firing the bricks .
The results also proved accurate enough to show that a brick sample from the King Charles building in Greenwich came from reconstruction carried out in the 1690s and not from the original building which was constructed between 1664 and 1669 .
Lead author Dr Moira Wilson , Senior Lecturer in the School of Mechanical , Aerospace and Civil Engineering ( MACE ) , said : “ These findings come after many years of hard work .
We are extremely excited by the potential of this new technique , which could become an established way of determining the age of ceramic artefacts of archaeological interest .
“ The method could also be turned on its head and used to establish the mean temperature of a material over its lifetime , if a precise date of firing were known .
This could potentially be useful in climate change studies .
“ As well as the new dating method , there are also more wide - ranging applications of the work , such as the detection of forged ceramic . ”
The three - year £ 100,000 project was funded by the Leverhulme Trust , with the microbalance - which measures mass to 1/10th of a millionth of a gram – funded by a £ 66,000 grant from the Engineering and Physical Science Research Council ( EPSRC ) .
Researchers are now planning to look at whether the new dating technique can be applied to earthenware , bone china and porcelain .
Notes for editors
For more information please contact Alex Waddington , Media Relations Officer , the University of Manchester , 0161 275 8387 / 07717 881569 .
Dr Wilson is available for comment by arrangement .
The paper , entitled ‘ Dating fired - clay ceramics using long - term power - law rehydroxylation kinetics ’ has been published online and is due to appear in a future edition of Proceedings of the Royal Society A . A copy of the paper is available on request .
DOI:10.1098/rspa.2009.0117
The full research team comprised Dr Moira Wilson , Dr Margaret Carter , Prof William Hoff , Ceren Ince , Shaun Savage and Bernard McKay from The University of Manchester , Professor Chris Hall from the School of Engineering and Centre for Materials Science and Engineering at The University of Edinburgh and Ian Betts from The Museum of London .
The Canterbury Archaeological Trust provided additional samples and information for the study while Ibstock Brick Ltd provided kiln - fresh bricks .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The powerful head of the House of Representatives subcommittee that controls the purse strings of the Pentagon said on Wednesday he was troubled by ebbing support for defense from fellow lawmakers .
Representative John Murtha , chairman of the defense subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee , said defense spending was clearly going to decline in coming years , but the country faced new threats that needed to be addressed .
He cited waning support for defense among U.S. lawmakers , saying the recent fiscal 2009 war spending bill nearly failed but for the strong intervention by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
“ Defense is going to start to go down .
The public has lost interest , ” the Democrat from Pennsylvania said .
“ You ’re going to see a change , a sea change .
I ’m surprised myself at how little interest there is in what ’s going on in Iraq and Afghanistan , and yet we ’ve got troops deployed . ”
Democrats could even refuse to fund war bills if the Obama administration failed to make good on its promise to withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq , Murtha said .
“ It ’s quite possible that we could lose the war funding .
If it had n’t been for the speaker , we would have lost it this time . ”
The U.S. House narrowly passed the $ 106 - billion bill to pay for the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , with the measure garnering only five Republican votes and 32 Democrats voting against it .
Murtha said he met with Defense Secretary Robert Gates on Tuesday and the two men agreed that the biggest threat to the United States was the growing Taliban influence in Pakistan .
“ Gates and I both agree that Pakistan is the biggest single threat to the United States .
Why ?
Because there ’s nuclear weapons there and the country ’s not stable .
We do n’t know what might happen in Pakistan , ” Murtha said .
Murtha said he would strongly advise U.S. intervention in Pakistan if the Taliban seized power , and said the U.S. government already had contingency plans to “ destabilize ” sites in Pakistan believed to house Taliban weapon stores .
Murtha questioned President Barack Obama ’s plan to increase the number of troops in Afghanistan , and said it was imperative for the U.S. military there to avoid the level of civilian casualties seen in Iraq because of a possible backlash .
“ Killing civilians in Afghanistan is the worst thing we could do , ” Murtha said .
“ They could turn against us . ”
Murtha also expressed concerns about potential conflicts in the future with China over world energy supplies , and said it would be good to have Japan operating its own F - 22 fighter jets , if that became an issue .
Lawmakers are considering lifting a ban on exports of the F - 22 , the top U.S. air superiority fighter built by Lockheed Martin Corp , to allow Japan to buy 40 to 60 planes .
He questioned the administration ’s decision to halt production of the F - 22 and said he was considering a measure to add funding for 20 more planes to the fiscal 2010 budget , especially given current maintenance issues with the fighter .
Much would depend , he said , on independent threat assessments , as well as news about the F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter program , also run by Lockheed .
He said there was some support in the House , but not by a majority , for extending the F - 22 production line .
In the end , he said , it could prove difficult to find the $ 3.2 billion needed to pay for 20 more planes in the fiscal 2010 budget .
Murtha predicted funding would be added for Boeing Co-built F/ A - 18s to bridge the Navy ’s expected shortfall of strike fighters , but said details were still being worked out .
“ If we do n’t build F - 22s , and the maintenance problems continue to be as severe as they are , that means we would n’t have F - 22s available if something happened , ” he said , noting that maintenance costs currently amounted to $ 50,000 an hour .
Any exports would begin only in two to three years , and their cost would rise sharply if U.S. production ended before that , Murtha said .
He also cited developmental problems with the F - 35 , and said the House might not fund all 30 planes sought by the Pentagon in fiscal 2010 , at least until the plane had come further through the testing process .
When journalist Jessica McBride penned a glowing , 5,400 - word profile of Police Chief Edward A. Flynn for Milwaukee Magazine earlier this year , many in the Milwaukee Police Department jokingly dismissed it as a love letter to the chief .
Little did they know .
Sometime earlier this year , Flynn and McBride struck up a romantic relationship .
Asked about the affair , the 61 - year - old chief issued a statement Thursday acknowledging his indiscretion - without mentioning McBride , 39 , by name .
" I have done my wife and family a great wrong , and I profoundly regret the hurt I have inflicted on them and others affected by my conduct , " Flynn wrote .
" I accept the personal and public consequences of my private behavior .
I have damaged my public reputation and violated the trust and love of my family . "
McBride - a journalism lecturer at the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee and a former Journal Sentinel reporter - has refused to respond to numerous messages about the liaison .
McBride has been a prominent figure in the community , serving as a talk - show host and political blogger .
With his confession , Flynn adds his name to the list of public figures who have had an affair with a journalist .
This month , the Los Angeles Times disclosed that L.A. Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa was dating a local television reporter - two years after having an affair with another newscaster that led to his wife filing for divorce .
Late last year , a top Miami school official was linked to a Miami Herald reporter who had sent him a series of racy e-mails suggesting they were romantically involved .
No Quarter first became aware of Flynn 's relationship with McBride this month when someone anonymously sent a letter and e-mails purportedly written by the pair to one another .
" Perceived you instantly - knew you were a good person who does things for the right reason , " reads one signed Jessica .
" As a result , I began to struggle with the story - having to give time to vitriolic baseless attacks . "
The affair may violate a basic tenet of journalism , particularly if , as the exchanges suggest , the two became involved while McBride was working on the lengthy article for the magazine 's May issue .
Reporters are strictly forbidden from writing about individuals with whom they have strong personal ties .
" It taints the nature of the piece , " said Jeffrey Seglin , a national journalism ethics expert from Boston .
McBride , who worked at the Journal Sentinel full time from 1994 to 2004 , supervises an online student publication that writes regularly about the Milwaukee Police Department .
Another leading ethicist , Rushworth Kidder , agreed with Seglin but said the bigger issue has to do with Flynn .
" The nature of a police chief 's job , with all due respect to the medical profession , is not like being a dentist or dermatologist , where you can go home and have your weekends to yourself , " said Kidder , founder of the Institute for Global Ethics .
" It 's 24 - 7 .
" What are we to make of the sense of integrity of an individual who has got to be treading carefully with a bunch of things he would prefer to hide on one hand and yet on the other side is being asked to be completely open and honest and to set the model for integrity for others ? "
In his statement , Flynn , who came to Milwaukee in January 2008 , said he has talked with those closest to him about the affair .
" The people in my personal and professional life who needed to know the painful truth , know it and I have apologized to them , " he wrote .
" This is a personal matter that occurred in my private , off - duty time .
I will continue to devote myself to making Milwaukee a better place .
" I hope that the people of this city who so warmly welcomed me can eventually forgive me . "
Flynn issued the statement after he and McBride spent the better part of two weeks dodging questions .
Last week , police officials barred No Quarter from attending a news conference for fear the chief might be asked about McBride .
After a press event this week , the chief twice stopped and stared in silence when asked if he could talk about the matter .
His press aide had been given a series of questions about the relationship this month .
McBride has remained mum .
She did not return calls , e-mails to her personal account , or notes sent to her via Facebook .
But her husband , former Waukesha County District Attorney Paul Bucher , has talked privately about the relationship with others .
Bucher , who ran unsuccessfully for state attorney general in 2006 , spoke briefly to No Quarter about the matter , saying it was a personal issue .
During her stint at the Journal Sentinel , McBride worked in the Waukesha bureau and later moved to the downtown newsroom , where she covered the Milwaukee Police Department .
When editors learned that she was dating Bucher , McBride was precluded by the company 's ethics policy from covering stories involving the prosecutor , according to Journal Sentinel Editor Martin Kaiser .
No Quarter has not yet determined the anonymous source of the letter and e-mails .
Until Flynn released his apology , neither party would answer phone calls , face - to - face interview requests or written questions .
Details in the letter and e-mails match recent events in their lives , including McBride 's trip to Paris , Flynn 's testimony before a U.S. Senate committee and the recent birth of his grandchild .
The letter is a four - page , handwritten note addressed " Dear Ed " and signed Jessica .
" I think there was something from the moment we locked eyes in Anne 's office , " the letter says , apparently referring to MPD spokeswoman Anne E. Schwartz .
Milwaukee Magazine Editor Bruce Murphy said Thursday that he was unaware of the relationship .
But Murphy said he stood by McBride 's magazine piece , suggesting it was tougher than anything written about the chief .
Asked if he planned to inform his readers about the affair , Murphy said , " I do n't think it has any bearing on the story .
It was a great story . "
The story , entitled " The Cop Who Can't Stop , " referred to Flynn as a " bold choice . "
McBride talked up his strong résumé , energy and fitness , edgy sense of humor and success at MPD 's helm .
He is referred to in the story as " blunt yet charming . "
" Flynn is also a compelling physical presence : tall , iron - haired , fit ( he once rode a bicycle 233 miles ) and energetic .
He has what one observer calls ' command bearing , ' " McBride wrote of the chief .
" But was he too good to be true ? "
The handwritten note discussed her writing process .
" Just felt a little protective .
Knew I did n't want to do you wrong , " the letter says .
It says the two became involved after an interview at Brocach Irish Pub and Restaurant on Water St .
" I honestly had myself almost convinced that we were going to talk about the police department at ( Brocach ) that night ! " it says .
" Now that sounds so naïve .
But something special happened between us that night ; I will always cherish it .
A complete meeting on all levels - mind , body , heart that I have never experienced .
You completed me that night . "
McBride has taught ethics as part of her journalism classes at UWM .
The Society of Professional Journalists ' code of ethics says reporters should " remain free of associations and activities that may compromise integrity or damage credibility . "
Paul Brewer , the head of UWM's Journalism and Mass Communications Department , declined to comment on the situation , saying he knew nothing about it .
Several of the e-mails suggest that both were love - struck .
In one , the author says he has had " an insipid smile on my face all day . "
" Warm , no not warm , hot memories of beautiful moments . . . and visuals , " the e-mails say .
" I feel younger today than I did last night . "
Sources say Flynn has talked with his boss , Mayor Tom Barrett , apologizing for his lapse in judgment .
The chief flew to Virginia last weekend to inform his wife about the relationship , sources confirmed .
She did not move to Milwaukee when Flynn took the job .
Late Thursday , the mayor 's spokeswoman released a statement showing support for Flynn :
" Police Chief Flynn is a very effective chief who has done an excellent job working to make Milwaukee a safer city . "
Daniel Bice can be contacted by phone at ( 414 ) 223-5468 or by e-mail at dbice@journalsentinel.com .
Date : Sun , 3 May 2009 20:06:13 - 0400 From : Ken Smith < kensmith@FreeBSD.org >
To : freebsd-announce@freebsd.org Subject : [ FreeBSD - Announce ] FreeBSD 7.2-RELEASE
Available Message -ID : < 20090504000613.GA40568@myers.cse.buffalo.edu >
--XsQoSWH +UP9D9v3l Content - Type : text / plain ; charset=us - ascii Content - Disposition : inline Content - Transfer - Encoding : quoted - printable The FreeBSD Release Engineering Team is pleased to announce the availability of FreeBSD 7.2- RELEASE .
This is the third release from the 7 - STABLE branch which improves on the functionality of FreeBSD 7.1 and introduces some new features .
Some of the highlights : - support for fully transparent use of superpages for application memory - support for multiple IP v4 and IPv6 addresses for jails - csup ( 1 ) now supports CVSMode to fetch a complete CVS repository - Gnome updated to 2.26 , KDE updated to 4.2.2 - sparc64 now supports UltraSparc - III processors
For a complete list of new features and known problems , please see the online release notes and errata list , available at : http://www.FreeBSD.org/releases/7.2R/relnotes.html
http://www.FreeBSD.org/releases/7.2R/errata.html
For more information about FreeBSD release engineering activities , please see : http://www.FreeBSD.org/releng/
Availability -------------
FreeBSD 7.2- RELEASE is now available for the amd64 , i386 , ia64 , pc98 , powerpc , and sparc64 architectures .
FreeBSD 7.2 can be installed from bootable ISO images or over the network ; the required files can be downloaded via FTP or BitTorrent as described in the sections below .
While some of the smaller FTP mirrors may not carry all architectures , they will all generally contain the more common ones , such as i386 and amd64 .
MD5 and SHA256 hashes for the release ISO images are included at the bottom of this message .
The purpose of the ISO images provided as part of the release are as follows : dvd1 :
This contains everything necessary to install the base FreeBSD operating system , a collection of pre-built packages , and the documentation .
It also supports booting into a " livefs " based rescue mode .
This should be all you need if you can burn and use DVD - sized media .
disc1 , disc2 , disc3 , livefs , docs : disc1 contains the base FreeBSD operating system and a few pre-built packages .
disc2 and disc3 contain more pre-built packages .
Those three can be burned to CDROM sized media and should be all you need to do a normal installation .
livefs contains support for booting into a " livefs " based rescue mode but does not support doing an install from the CD itself .
You would need to perform a network based install .
docs contains the documentation .
bootonly :
This supports booting a machine using the CDROM drive but does not contain the support for installing FreeBSD from the CD itself .
You would need to perform a network based install ( e.g. from an FTP server ) after booting from the CD .
Note : late in the testing cycle it was discovered some machines do not recognize the i386 disc1 as bootable ( they just fall through to booting off the next boot device ) .
All affected machines did see the other discs as bootable .
If you have a machine with that problem booting off either bootonly or livefs and then swapping in disc1 once sysinstall starts should work .
FreeBSD 7.2 - RELEASE can also be purchased on CD - ROM or DVD from several vendors .
One of the vendors that will be offering FreeBSD 7.2 - based products is : ~ FreeBSD Mall , Inc. http://www.freebsdmall.com/
BitTorrent ----------
7.2-RELEASE ISOs are available via BitTorrent .
A collection of torrent files to download the images is available at : http://torrents.freebsd.org:8080/
FTP ---
At the time of this announcement the following FTP sites have FreeBSD 7.2 - RELEASE available .
ftp://ftp.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp1.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp5.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp10.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp12.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp13.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp14.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp.dk.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp.gr.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp.ru.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp1.ru.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp.tw.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp4.tw.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp.uk.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp3.us.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp7.us.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
ftp://ftp10.us.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/
However before trying these sites please check your regional mirror (s ) first by going to : ftp://ftp.<yourdomain>.FreeBSD.org/pub/FreeBSD
Any additional mirror sites will be labeled ftp2 , ftp3 and so on .
More information about FreeBSD mirror sites can be found at : http://www.FreeBSD.org/doc/en_US.ISO8859-1/books/handbook/mirrors-ftp.html
For instructions on installing FreeBSD , please see Chapter 2 of The FreeBSD Handbook .
It provides a complete installation walk - through for users new to FreeBSD , and can be found online at : http://www.FreeBSD.org/doc/en_US.ISO8859-1/books/handbook/install.html
Updates from Source -------------------
The procedure for doing a source code based update is described in the FreeBSD Handbook : http://www.freebsd.org/doc/en_US.ISO8859-1/books/handbook/synching.html
http://www.freebsd.org/doc/en_US.ISO8859-1/books/handbook/makeworld.html
The branch tag to use for updating the source is RELENG_7_2 .
FreeBSD Update --------------
The freebsd - update ( 8 ) utility supports binary upgrades of i386 and amd64 systems running earlier FreeBSD releases .
Systems running 7.0 - RELEASE , 7.1-RELEASE , 7.2-BETA , 7.2-RC1 , or 7.2- RC2 can upgrade as follows : =20 # freebsd - update upgrade -r 7.2- RELEASE
During this process , FreeBSD
Update may ask the user to help by merging some configuration files or by confirming that the automatically performed merging was done correctly .
= 20 # freebsd - update install
The system must be rebooted with the newly installed kernel before continui= ng .
# shutdown -r now =20 After rebooting , freebsd - update needs to be run again to install the new userland components , and the system needs to be rebooted again : # freebsd - update install # shutdown -r now =20 Users of earlier FreeBSD releases ( FreeBSD 6.x ) can also use freebsd - update= to upgrade to FreeBSD 7.2 , but will be prompted to rebuild all third - party applications ( e.g. , anything installed from the ports tree ) after the second invocation of " freebsd - update install " , in order to handle differences in t= he system libraries between FreeBSD 6.x and FreeBSD 7.x .
For more information about upgrading from FreeBSD 6.x using FreeBSD Update , see : http://www.daemonology.net/blog/2007-11-11-freebsd-major-version-upgrade.ht= ml Support -------
The FreeBSD Security Team currently plans to support FreeBSD 7.2 until May 31st , 2010 .
For more information on the Security Team and their support of the various FreeBSD branches see : http://www.freebsd.org/security/
Acknowledgments ---------------
Many companies donated equipment , network access , or man-hours to support the release engineering activities for FreeBSD 7.2 including The FreeBSD Foundation , Hewlett - Packard , Yahoo ! , NetApp , Internet Systems Consortium , and Sentex Communications .
The release engineering team for 7.2- RELEASE includes : Ken Smith < kensmith@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering , amd64 , i386 , sparc64 Release Buildi= ng , Mirror Site Coordination Robert Watson < rwatson@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering , Security Konstantin Belousov < kib@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering Marc Fonvieille < blackend@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering , Documentation George Neville - Neil < gnn@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering Hiroki Sato < hrs@FreeBSD.org >
Release Engineering , Documentation Marcel Moolenaar < marcel@FreeBSD.org > ia 64 , powerpc Release Building Takahashi Yoshihiro < nyan@FreeBSD.org >
PC98 Release Building Kris Kennaway < kris@FreeBSD.org >
Package Building Joe Marcus Clarke < marcus@FreeBSD.org >
Package Building Erwin Lansing < erwin@FreeBSD.org >
Package Building Mark Linimon < linimon@FreeBSD.org >
Package Building Pav Lucistnik < pav@FreeBSD.org >
Package Building Colin Percival < cperciva@FreeBSD.org >
Security Officer Trademark
---------
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation .
ISO Image Checksums -------------------
MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-bootonly.iso ) =3D d77d758684d03815be05f90c12085b2f MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-disc1.iso ) =3D 3b281f75acef6f6a16d5e405ed003f36 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-disc2.iso ) =3D e7d2497054a15906d0e4945d8c91e47f MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-disc3.iso ) =3D ba4369f5d39fae3bd11ad537f4c52783 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-docs.iso ) =3D 97db6efd21c531b2a325224d9897f287 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-dvd1.iso ) =3D b3ac4c645aec087480ddefa827c8553c MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-livefs.iso ) =3D 93c4ad283b66f6cb9d1eb1dcace92ce6 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-bootonly.iso ) =3D aceb5cdbb14780c97924cb4a645d3258 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-disc1.iso ) =3D b2415294a55ab3e5c1931f4e0 fe67e4e MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-disc2.iso ) =3D b4fd35adea684e6da3a0515b535ece39 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-disc3.iso ) =3D da2958a3eb6a3ce6237ed7194bdfdd13 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-docs.iso ) =3D fee5de7fbd8c21e5a7523a1c197c32ae MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-dvd1.iso ) =3D 1d129a999a1db6aefebc57c2f82cacc0 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-livefs.iso ) =3D decdd91479b8059e70eed6d8e4eb5c06 MD5 ( 7.2 - RELEASE-ia64-bootonly.iso ) =3D d0a84e0014b042f5369e1644a38c380c MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-ia64-disc1.iso ) =3D 58eb2db0a7656a05cb6193aad68e150 b MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-ia64-disc2.iso ) =3D bf27c66277e9bea85d9656af154e94ca MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-ia64-disc3.iso ) =3D 1ab4e7e08fa41b7b4e2370a8bde6dcfb MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-ia64-docs.iso ) =3D 01de8413d2829c5b1cb6d495b51cf3a0 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-ia64-livefs.iso ) =3D 02eadf879e203148610d823e7db515ba MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-pc98-bootonly.iso ) =3D a0eaf2126458fc88ee1ac6d82d1f1c3a MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-pc98-disc1.iso ) =3D 6555c5c4a8606ee043b5a7fbb7759b32 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-pc98-livefs.iso ) =3D 0a23c3c4fc94d2961be5d148003e9511 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-powerpc-bootonly.iso ) =3D 17ddd18ad20aa00dd5b4830e536eabad MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-powerpc-disc1.iso ) =3D 015869f4f70124c0204ebd111d876142 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-powerpc-disc2.iso ) =3D 2f6d5139b57e982039fb90f02cf3f508 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-powerpc-disc3.iso ) =3D 0a6d3b4a5808374bb44f3f8583df38f7 MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-powerpc-docs.iso ) =3D bb30b266f3c0164b512b3b3317f8ab68 MD5
( 7.2-RELEASE-sparc64-bootonly.iso ) =3D e3246598de481f7c1b117c81b46acfaa MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-sparc64-disc1.iso ) =3D 2e767c93f195b69ea83274a1dff4dd5c MD5 ( 7.2-RELEASE-sparc64-docs.iso ) =3D 1b3d32f0c82c89e18b6f2a3eeca47ae5 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-bootonly.iso ) =3D fb87f4c7ddf8870e8758191181ebf37= 30dd44534ecc3654069a66d85c56695d3 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-disc1.iso ) =3D 1ea1f6f652d7c5f5eab7ef9f8edbed50cb= 664b08ed761850f95f48e86cc71ef5 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-disc2.iso ) =3D 0a951c4eea8891b0d2bf3702eb933037dc= 6db3530b9a37e5b33d765ba9f67154 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-disc3.iso ) =3D 870eeb94b3f21d0ab603986bc6fecb6b3a= 4a7529f6220ba34aef6458fc43a8b4 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-docs.iso ) =3D 109b9d048b8ff58e392f002ef85f60e75b3= 3ea72ef658edb610f9f50235508d4 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-dvd1.iso ) =3D 1e13d3b6dfa7034e86f17b9ba379fff5676= 1ffad7e029a23a27e92e9dbde2788 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-amd64-livefs.iso ) =3D df3cc7f8795b9b260ada2facbd0d77114= f0535c35b933a503ac3e56e05947e33 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-bootonly.iso ) =3D 6993e73ad5e012d1605c5cf085942b69= 4ec4fa6fb4be114c7e752a012b8c3a5e SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-disc1.iso ) =3D bf4d00102215b07f5a4c8acac80b9d9bd9b= f8bd93ac554fe09b21302f0b41380 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-disc2.iso ) =3D 573673db5acebd68dfdbca63f620b923a7e= 68421f1e946fb26a1381e3d7fd9f8 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-disc3.iso ) =3D ec5c98c02849c181f405e63875f193e33e1= 21cb087cec0bd2a3e10f533ffc8e7 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-docs.iso ) =3D 77beb6e7a7905a2e9aba4adeb2722be5 fbdb= 699bd44bd0a01e3780b4623d2ce9 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-dvd1.iso ) =3D de395cc63cb7fa22a0bf116487c13d56aac7= 1762787fc5581746bfb48e66f750 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-i386-livefs.iso ) =3D 4faa7b9d78d125f9b28521247e32e1f0be= f3b0b0f21b654ba22c6e79ca3301ce SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-ia64-bootonly.iso ) =3D 0a2f5fb514f14760b1237059d9ef381e= 0836fd45579c5264efc2eb49cc57fbb9 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-ia64-disc1.iso ) =3D 048850ab672ae6865225b4d3ca324753dd8= 23d526ce93480adf15f602acd96bf SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-ia64-disc2.iso ) =3D 5fe326d21f2e7646c63a1b6fb5ae913971d= a99f1c660f0ffd148de19fc47fb11 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-ia64-disc3.iso ) =3D 58c0c94d12ca197593ec48cab2fc5ec619a= 87caa16ae5421958216773665086d SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-ia64-docs.iso ) =3D 106844d5135e56ed2232ecabe0e4dc8c78e5= 4f7e9d43e92be0ee3f741009a2eb SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-ia64-livefs.iso ) =3D 70294d2d65e2f483af23d9a4c0d14e1af4= 3da68c086b3e247af31e85050b1247 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-pc98-bootonly.iso ) =3D 37f65bb079304353858da6f06936cf12= d19cfcdd6f4127aecac91d2a23976db1 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-pc98-disc1.iso ) =3D 877845e4dcd3b617f1c23a47b62d27dbe3a= 5ff6d35075cb20cd038e2b749220f SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-pc98-livefs.iso ) =3D 3741eb5a178fa0b97a6f50b57dcc750ee7= d9d2e1871a244740a4603b22289491 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-powerpc-bootonly.iso ) =3D d933276ab67b6de04144ffb3a15e6 = 32f6ac6f0a82237654f9349214e0c0acb9 b SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-powerpc-disc1.iso ) =3D b366319ce4cfdbff2ef394cca6f46015= 9dd1e4949927da82904ff5c9baa3f4b8 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-powerpc-disc2.iso ) =3D 40e4d5e94c543018fd692efe7150bcca= 482f1a0a3ddc50330bbbd5a320d90d36 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-powerpc-disc3.iso ) =3D fc5ed9a503447c68a9e8392b60c4c356 = 50208c42da982c9c6206e349ad327888 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-powerpc-docs.iso ) =3D 58e4f348b057608515bca359a71387796= 4fddf638bca921d09000aada899477 b SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-sparc64-bootonly.iso ) =3D 98aa7492c195df441b4e4699984fd= 8f38af1db03e7e92cc8d1530089a4d50e11 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-sparc64-disc1.iso ) =3D ba7fa45c21d7ca43bacb78fe46c18ef1= 5f73e480e7fe3e6c8ba8c575efe25888 SHA256 ( 7.2-RELEASE-sparc64-docs.iso ) =3D b67483a4e198e2aeb99bacf9cc826f36a= 3d9304482fb49c34d05590661d6da76 --XsQoSWH+UP9D9v3l
Content - Type : application / pgp-signature Content - Disposition : inline -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.7 ( FreeBSD ) iD8DBQFJ/jFz/G14VSmup/YRAvVVAJ9iJKS6ZAeyzSk2YRtpF9BytD1/GwCfZMcc
QGvx0 oGcOV6 oPQnHkIg+BUY= =4q3 / -----END PGP SIGNATURE ----- --XsQoSWH+UP9D9v3l--
Want to link to this message ?
Use this URL : < http://docs.FreeBSD.org/cgi/mid.cgi?20090504000613.GA40568>
Mandatory install .
Red ring of death .
Motion control .
All terms that mean something in the current generation of gaming .
But five years ago they meant a whole lot of nothing in the video game vernacular .
Yes , things move at lightning - speed in gaming , and that includes the buzz - word obsessed language of gamer speak .
The following is a collection of the forgotten and redundant words and phrases that have long - since disappeared from geek - edition dictionaries .
Arcade perfect
There was a time when arcades were full of games so good they were worth converting for home computers and consoles .
It was common practice .
And if the conversion was handled with exemplary craftsmanship it would be enthusiastically called ' arcade perfect ' .
Above : A sad indictment on the health of today 's arcades .
The only thing worth converting here is the arcade itself .
Into a pile of rubble .
Autofire
The ability to effortlessly spam enemies was once a must - have controller feature for any serious gamer .
The trailing decline of autofire is made apparent when typing ' autofire controller ' into Google and the top search result is for Orton AutoFire Kiln Controllers .
The glory days of the QuickShot II Turbo are well and truly over .
Battery back - up to save your progress
The best thing since password saves , the introduction of game cartridges enabled with battery back - up to store progress was a revolution in the 8 - bit era and a bonafide back - of - the - box bullet point .
Utterly brilliant until the battery ran out of juice .
Above : The Legend of Zelda for NES in 1987 was the first game to use a battery save system
CD - quality audio
Presumably everything pre-dating this was vinyl - quality audio .
Clocked
This meant that a player had achieved the highest score possible , thus causing the score digits to ' clock ' i.e. go from 99999 to 00001 .
As games grew more sophisticated and began incorporating such things as actual achievable endings , the word ' clocked ' was replaced with ' completed ' .
Colour clash
One of those techy - sounding phrases that every bedroom game critic picked up on .
Probably because it was so bloody noticeable and it happened almost as standard in games for the ZX Spectrum .
It made the puke - inducing graphics of the Speccy even more puke - inducing by mashing colours together like a big psychedelic potato .
Check out the horror :
Above : Colour clash sponsored by Sinclair .
Barf bucket sponsored by Commodore
Credits / continues
Wonderfully quaint system for reviving a deceased avatar .
What there used to be before save points and regenerative health came along .
Digitized graphics
The fact no one today is even remotely interested in digitized graphics smugly vindicates what we were saying way back in 1992 - that the first Mortal Kombat was , is and always will be downright fugly .
Digitized speech
Crude and offensively inaudible binary noise that heralded the first examples of ' speech ' in games .
About as sweet on the ears as a Dalek reciting static through a megaphone .
Be thankful for progress and the fact that in - game talking is now several million light years away from this :
Full - motion video
Whether it's in reference to atrocious live - action games or pre-rendered cut - scenes , FMV has pretty much disappeared from the gaming lexicon .
Unless it 's to talk about how utterly pap Night Trap and the rest of its disc - festering ilk were .
Fully micro-switched
The delicate click - click - click sound of a fully micro-switched joystick was music to the ears for gamers who - at the tail end of the 80s - had n't been accustomed to such elegant joystick equipment .
If it was n't fully micro-switched , it was n't worth wiggling .
More forgotten parlance on the next page .
The revolving door of venture capitalists is swinging fast .
Not since the dot - com bust has the industry experienced as much turnover as it is now .
Since the end of 2007 , the number of venture - capital principals , who make investment decisions and are directors of start - up companies , has tumbled by more than 15 % , according to the National Venture Capital Association .
The exits just in the past few months include a Who 's Who of firms and partners , say venture capitalists and recruiters .
General partners and underperformers are being dumped by recession - wracked firms , some of which now are having trouble raising money to invest .
Meanwhile , some venture - capital stalwarts are retiring .
At Sequoia Capital in Menlo Park , Calif. , famed for its investments in technology firms such as Google Inc. and Cisco Systems Inc. , partners Pierre Lamond , Michael Beckwith and Eric Upin have left the firm recently .
Longtime partner Mark Stevens also is transitioning out of Sequoia , according to people familiar with the situation .
Atlas Venture , Advanced Technology Ventures , Foundry Group and VantagePoint Venture Partners also have lost partners .
And lower - ranking vice presidents and associates are leaving some firms , including Bessemer Venture Partners .
The retirements include Tony Sun , a former managing partner at Venrock , which started as the venture - capital arm of the Rockefeller family and was an early investor in Intel Corp. , and El Dorado Ventures partner Shanda Bahles , who joined the firm in 1987 .
" About once a week , a general partner leaves or a venture fund closes , " says Jim Watson , managing general partner of San Francisco venture firm CMEA Capital , which has n't lost any of its five managing directors .
The turnover partly reflects a brutal winnowing of the venture - capital industry , which invests in start - up companies with the aim of profiting later when those companies go public or are sold .
For most of the past decade , venture - capital firms took in mountains of cash from investors , spawning a frenzy of start - ups from online advertising to clean technology .
Too few of those investments have led to big paydays during the past few years , hurt by the falloff in initial public offerings and acquisition volume .
While venture - capital funds sank $ 29.7 billion into start - ups in 2008 , they produced just $ 24.9 billion from IPOs and the sale of start - up firms last year , according to VentureSource , a research firm owned by News Corp. , which also publishes The Wall Street Journal .
Now pension funds and endowments that invest in venture - capital funds have become more leery of the sector as they grapple with the fallout from last year 's stock - market plunge .
That is spurring many firms to take a hard look at their own portfolios and the economics of their partnerships .
As of the end of 2008 , there were 7,497 venture - capital principals , down from 8,892 a year earlier .
The number of active venture - capital firms fell 13 % to 882 from 1,019 in 2007 , according to the NVCA .
The actual number of exits might be even higher than the trade group 's figures indicate .
Venture - capital funds are typically 10 - year investment vehicles .
That means even if a venture capitalist no longer actively invests , he or she can remain on a firm 's masthead because they have to wind up their investments in older funds .
Some firms say the shuffle is just part of the industry 's natural evolution .
Eric Ver Ploeg , a managing partner who led VantagePoint Venture Partners ' investments in mobile communications , left in late 2008 to start his own venture - capital firm .
VantagePoint has since hired two new partners .
Bessemer , which has launched or funded more than 100 start - ups that became public companies , recently recruited some new vice presidents and associates .
Nick Sturiale , a venture capitalist at Jafco Ventures in Palo Alto , Calif. , says shrinkage is healthy for the venture - capital industry .
With so much money chasing too few good companies , some deals became valued at far more than they likely are worth .
" We ca n't return to profitability until there 's a reduction in supply " of venture - capital firms , he says .
Jeff Fagnan , an Atlas Venture partner , says the Boston - based firm now has nine full - time investment partners , down from more than 15 three years ago .
The most recent departures happened earlier this year when Atlas closed a new $ 283 million fund , which fell short of the firm 's $ 400 million fund - raising target .
Mr. Fagnan says investors encouraged Atlas to become smaller and to concentrate capital in the hands of fewer partners .
Too many people can dilute the quality of deals , he notes .
" It 's much easier to maintain a high bar with a closer number of partners , " Mr. Fagnan says .
Atlas also closed its offices in Paris and Munich during the past year .
The exit of a venture capitalist can be painful for some start - ups , which are left in uncertain straits since their backer is gone .
When venture - capitalist Wes Raffel left Advanced Technology Ventures several months ago , one of his investments , wireless - technology startup Apprion Inc. , had to scramble , say people familiar with the matter .
Another partner was put in charge of the firm 's investment , but the venture - capital firm was lukewarm about pumping more money into the Mountain View , Calif. , company , according to a person familiar with the situation .
As result , Apprion and its other venture investors were forced to look for other backers as they sought an additional round of capital .
The company has at least several months of funding left , and its other investors intend to keep it going , so Apprion is n't likely to sink .
Write to Pui-Wing Tam at pui-wing.tam@wsj.com
Kristin W. , Brad W. , and Deb G. sent us the Bacardi Breezers “ Get an Ugly Girlfriend ” ad campaign , discussed over at Jezebel .
The message ?
Ladies , if you want to look better , get an ugly female friend to stand next to :
There are profiles of the various ugly girlfriends you can get :
Of course this ad campaign suggests to women that the most important thing about them is how they look .
But , more insidiously , as Sweet Machine points out , it places women “ in competition with other women for male attention ” in a world where “ self - esteem is a zero- sum game . ”
This is how patriarchy creates in - fighting among women :
If men have the power , and the only way to get power is to get men , then women feel compelled to try to get ( the attention of ) a man ( or men ) .
Other women are their competition .
Women are stereotyped as bitchy and catty as if it is an inherent feature of femininity when , in fact , women ’s subordination to men creates the conditions that force them into competition .
We see it happen live in this horrendous clip from Battle of the Bods .
More examples of cultural endorsements of the idea that women and girls are always in competition with one another here , here , and here .
UPDATE : Commenter Joanne pointed out an update , via Shapely Prose :
Sean - Patrick Hillman of bacardi.com comments below : June 21 , 2009
Thank you for taking the time to post your story regarding Bacardi Breezer .
The campaign you are referring to ran in 2008 for two months in Israel .
Even though Bacardi Breezer is not sold or distributed in the United States , we immediately notified the appropriate Bacardi affiliate and had this website shut down .
Bacardi proudly celebrates diversity and we do not endorse the views of this site .
We sincerely apologize to anyone who was offended by this site and thank you for bringing it to our attention .
I ’m a bit confused , though –I did a quick google search , and Bacardi Breezer seems to be sold in a lot of places , including Canada and the U.S. , but maybe they ’re imported by a third party and not directly by Bacardi ?
I know I ’d heard the name Bacardi Breezer before I saw these ads .
Apparently I ’m going to have to go on a tour of local liquor stores to see .
What a horrible life I lead .
And I also agree with several of the other commenters –how awful must it be to be cast as an “ ugly ” person ?
Moi Tarzan , toi Jane .
If you visit the Eiffel Tower this summer , study the steelwork carefully , because you might see , or imagine you see , a familiar figure leaping from strut to strut .
Tarzan of the Apes has taken up residence in the Musée du Quai Branly , the museum near the base of the Eiffel Tower , which is dedicated to non-Western – or , as some people insist , " primitive " – forms of art .
Paris may seem an unusual place to find the most learned exhibition about Tarzan , also known as Lord Greystoke , ever assembled .
He was , after all , an English aristocrat and orphan fostered by socially responsible apes in the African jungle .
He was the literary creation of an American writer , Edgar Rice Burroughs , who never bothered to visit Africa ( and was so little steeped in African studies that his ape man wrestled tigers as well as lions ) .
The museum has decided to de-construct the Tarzan myth as part of its mission to explore how popular Western culture understands , or misunderstands , non-Western cultures .
Is Tarzan a sexist and a racist who subjugates Jane and treats black men like children ?
Is he a macho colonialist in a leopard - skin loincloth , rather than a pith helmet ?
Or was he the first ecological super - hero : a man in recyclable , locally - sourced clothes who fought to protect his pristine jungle from greedy commercial interests ?
According to the curator of the exhibition , the celebrated French sociologist and anthropologist Roger Boulay , it depends which Tarzan of the Apes you are talking about .
" There is a big difference between the original Tarzan of the Burroughs novels and the culturally impoverished Tarzan of Hollywood movies , starting with silent movies , " he told The Independent .
" The Burroughs character is complex and eventually speaks 12 languages .
The movie character is often a caricature who speaks only in grunts . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Tarzan 's first spoken language , in the original novel of 1912 , was ape - speak – long before scientists discovered that apes do have a language .
The exhibition 's catalogue contains a fascinating linguistic study of the words used by Tarzan 's adoptive ape clan , " the Waziris " .
They have 250 words , including several verbs , which are used only in the infinitive , rather like George Orwell 's Newspeak .
It is worth noting that Tarzan 's second spoken language in the original novel was French , learned from a French officer rescued from cannibals .
Paris and the Quai Branly does have a legitimate claim to Tarzan after all .
The exhibition , which opens today and runs until 29 September , explores the many links between Tarzan and popular culture , especially the 80 - plus Tarzan movies ( far more numerous than the Burroughs books ) .
Some faint praise is given to Johnny Weissmüller 's series of 12 Tarzan films in the 1930s and 1940s and the indestructible eroticism of some of the early , silent films .
Overall , the exhibition suggests , Burroughs and Tarzan were ill - served by the movies until the British film Greystoke ( 1984 ) reverted more or less to the original story .
The exhibition includes , however , a sequence from Greystoke in which Tarzan ( Christopher Lambert ) scampers in a convincingly ape - like way into the bed of Jane ( Andie MacDowell ) .
That incident is not in the original book , but eroticism has always been an important part of the Tarzan appeal .
The exhibition makes comparisons with King Kong and the persistently engaging myth of the white woman kidnapped by apes .
Jane Parker , a scientist 's daughter rescued from marauding apes by Tarzan , is a central figure in the first Burroughs novel Tarzan Of The Apes ( 1912 ) .
She then largely disappears and is replaced by a series of other girlfriends , some tough , some swooning .
The most celebrated chat - up line of modern times – " me Tarzan , you Jane " – does not appear in any Burroughs book , it transpires .
It was first used by Weissmüller , a former US Olympic swimming gold medallist , in the film Tarzan And His Mate in 1934 .
The exhibition also has a magnificent collection of original plates from Tarzan comic books .
These are jumbled , somewhat oddly , with authentic African spears and shields from the museum 's own collection and a cuddly - looking stuffed lion .
Tarzan was " invented " by a science - fiction writer from Chicago who hated the modern civilisation that the city represented .
Unlike , say , Rudyard Kipling , Burroughs never won acceptance as a great literary figure .
The quality of his actual writing is often poor , especially in some of the later books among the 26 Tarzan titles .
M. Boulay points out , however , that Burroughs at his best is far more than a mere writer of pot-boilers .
His African knowledge was non-existent " but he was interested only in an imaginary Africa , for the needs of his story " .
His books are adventure stories but they have an intellectual background and purpose .
" He explores the implications of the Darwinian theory of a common ancestor between apes and man , " M. Boulay said .
" He explores the failings of civilisation but also the failings of life in the wild .
Long before ecological concerns became common , he has Tarzan defending the natural world against human predators . "
Tarzan was an American " super - hero " two decades before Superman , Batman or Spider - Man were first drawn .
But he was not " superhuman " or a mutant or dependent on tricksy technology .
He gained his power by combining human cunning and wisdom with animal strength and endurance .
" To that extent , he is a descendent of [ the 18th century French philosopher ] Jean - Jacques Rousseau , who Burroughs also studied avidly , " M. Boulay said .
" Rousseau believed that mankind , by straying from the natural condition , had forfeited part of his true character and strength . "
So there you have it : yet another French connection with Tarzan .
The exhibition is , in fact , subtitled Rousseau chez les Waziri .
As M. Boulay points out , the Tarzan story is rooted in one of the most persistent myths in western culture , from Romulus and Remus to Rudyard Kipling 's Mowgli .
What makes Burroughs 's Tarzan different from the other " children of nature " , he says , is that the muscular ape - man swings between the jungle and modern , Western civilisation and back again .
Tarzan goes home to England to claim his aristocratic title ( and polish up his languages ) .
He then decides to throw away his top hat and go back to Africa .
He is torn between two apparently conflicting worlds and eventually unites some of the best qualities of both .
In his contribution to the exhibition catalogue , another French anthropologist , Pascal Dibié , argues that Tarzan , far from being a dated and risible figure in a loincloth , is a perfect hero for post - modern times .
" We are finally beginning to realise that we are , and always have been , part of nature , " he writes .
" There can be no doubt that nature must be the basis of our future civilisation and that the ' nature question ' is the most important , political question of the 21st century .
Tarzan , if he is still supple enough to grab a new branch , is far from dead . "
Over the past decade , the number of people on Earth shot up by more than 13 percent , to nearly 6.8 billion people .
To make room for all the hungry , breeding , CO2 - emitting bodies on our small planet , we ’ve ravaged Earth ’s surface with staggering feats of deforestation , irrigation and urbanization — and NASA satellites have captured it all .
Here are a few videos , compiled with images from NASA ’s Earth Observatory , of some of the most impressive conquests of man over environment .
Urbanization of Dubai
Nothing says environmental exploitation like building your own palm tree - shaped archipelago .
Dubai , of the United Arab Emirates , has dredged sand from the sea floor to build hundreds of artificial islands along its coast , hoping to attract wealthy tourists .
Many projects have been put on hold since the global credit crunch hit the region .
Sucking Out the Aral Sea
In the 1960s , central Asia ’s Aral Sea was the fourth largest lake in the world .
As a result of irrigation and damming , it had shriveled to 10 percent of its original size ( marked by the thin black line ) by 2007 .
It is now three separate , highly salinic , lakes .
Clearing the Amazon
Over the past three decades , the state of Rondônia in western Brazil cleared almost 35 percent of its rainforest .
According to NASA ’s website , the pattern of deforestation is common in the Amazon .
People build roads , then clear some of the land for small farms .
After a few years , the land erodes and becomes depleted .
The farmers , suffering from low crop yields , convert the land for cattle , then clear more forest for crops , and so on until large cattle holders buy the land .
Post - War Clean - Up of Mesopotamia ’s Wetlands
Sometimes , change is a good thing .
The marshes of Mesopotamia had been drained and decimated by Saddam Hussein in the 1990s .
When his regime ended in 2003 , Iraqis began reclaiming the marshes .
This shows the reflooding of the marshlands and regrowth of vegetation .
But serious concerns remain : the water used for reflooding may not be sustainable as the population recovers and expands its agricultural efforts , and the region may have already suffered an irreversible loss of species diversity .
Drought in Utah
Southern Utah ’s Lake Powell was once teeming with boaters , fishers and vacationers .
But from 2000 to 2005 its water level dropped from 20 million to 8 million acre - feet , due to severe drought .
Water levels have rebounded a bit , but are expected to plummet to levels even lower than those of 2005 during the next serious drought .
How fares British biodiversity ?
Not too well .
Progress is measured via indicators , and new government figures show that , since 2000 , seven of about 30 are going backwards , 13 show some improvement , and 10 show little change .
Actually , it 's worse than that .
Six of the species on the UK biodiversity action plan have been lost since the list was first published in 1994 , and in 2007 ( the most recent date ) butterfly populations had their second worst year since records began .
Moreover , more than half of habitats are deteriorating , compared with just 20 % improving .
• Eco Soundings is our regular bite - sized blog series .
It appears every Wednesday in the Guardian newspaper
Some enterprising baker has whipped up this bit of kitchen goodness : a Super Mario inspired pixel cookie …
Do you suppose it tastes more like mushrooms or coins ?
[ via The Tanooki via Smidigt ]
What does it say about your Board of Education when ad executives for a chewing gum company understand evolution better than you do ?
... or a beer company , for that matter .
Of course , that 's a European beer ... and evidently beer was invented before the Universe itself was .
Tip o' bacterium 's flagellum to BABloggee Andy McMurray .
New York Yankees third baseman Alex Rodriguez could return from a hip injury in as few as 10 days .
But he is already back in the headlines .
More details from Sports Illustrated writer Selena Roberts ' book " A - Rod " were released Wednesday by the New York Daily News .
The book alleges Rodriguez did not stop using steroids when he was traded to the Yankees in 2004 , and he might have been using as far back as high school , the Daily News reports .
Rodriguez has admitted to using performance - enhancers while with the Texas Rangers from 2001 to 2003 , but insists he stopped when he was dealt to New York .
Roberts broke the story that A - Rod failed a steroid test in 2003 .
Yankees teammates , Roberts writes , nicknamed Rodriguez " B ---h T - - s " in 2005 because he put on 15 pounds in the offseason that resulted in round pectorals , a condition called gynecomastia that can be caused by anabolic steroids .
Rodriguez was not available for comment Thursday morning .
He played in an extended spring training intrasquad game Thursday in Tampa , Fla. , and hit a home run in his fifth at - bat .
His final numbers for the session : 1 - for - 6 , 1 HR and 2 walks .
Roberts ' book also details Rodriguez 's relationship with Dominican trainer Angel Presinal , who is banned from major league clubhouses .
The Daily News does not say how it obtained a copy of the HarperCollins book , which was scheduled to be released May 12 .
The parents of a five - year - old boy who had died from natural causes jumped to their deaths from Beachy Head with his body in a rucksack , it is believed .
Rescuers , who are not treating the deaths as suspicious , found a second rucksack nearby full of toys .
Chief Insp Dick Coates said police knew the identities of the family , who are not believed to be from Sussex , but had not yet talked to their next of kin .
" Later today we will be able to clarify the circumstances fully , " he said .
" But I need to do what is right with the relatives first . "
A silver Volkswagen camper van was recovered from a roadside car park about 200 yards ( 183 m ) from the cliff edge and taken to Eastbourne for forensic examination .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Coastguards on routine patrol first spotted what they thought were two bodies 400 ft ( 120 m ) down the cliff face on Sunday evening .
The two rucksacks were discovered on Monday and the bodies recovered by 1400 BST .
Ch Insp Coates said it had been very traumatic for the emergency services .
" Having to recover bodies from the bottom of the cliffs is always a traumatic ordeal , " he said .
" But with a child being involved it does make it a lot more sensitive for the people who are doing it . "
The cliffs at Beachy Head reach up to about 600 ft ( 180 m ) high and are a notorious suicide spot .
According to Eastbourne Coastguard station officer Stuart McNab , about 20 people jump to their deaths from the cliffs at Beachy Head every year .
A chaplaincy team was set up in 2004 to try to prevent suicides .
" The chaplaincy service , the coastguards and ourselves patrol that area as much as possible , " said Chief Insp Coates .
" The danger of the cliffs is very well signposted by the local council . "
Researchers at the Harold Hamm Oklahoma Diabetes Center have found a way to stop the damage caused by Type 1 diabetes with the combination of insulin and a common vitamin found in most medicine cabinets .
While neither therapy produced desired results when used alone , the combination of insulin to control blood sugar together with the use of Vitamin C , stopped blood vessel damage caused by the disease in patients with poor glucose control .
The findings appear this week in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism .
" We had tested this theory on research models , but this is the first time anyone has shown the therapy 's effectiveness in people , " said Michael Ihnat , Ph.D. , principal investigator and a pharmacologist at the OU College of Medicine Department of Cell Biology .
Ihnat said they are now studying the therapy in patients with Type 2 diabetes .
The goal of the work being done by Ihnat and British scientists from the University of Warwick led by Dr. Antonio Ceriello is to find a way to stop the damage to blood vessels that is caused by diabetes .
The damage , known as endothelial dysfunction , is associated with most forms of cardiovascular disease such as hypertension , coronary artery disease , chronic heart failure , peripheral artery disease , diabetes and chronic renal failure .
By reducing or stopping the damage , patients with diabetes could avoid some of the painful and fatal consequences of the disease that include heart disease , reduced circulation and amputation , kidney disease and diabetic retinopathy , which can lead to blindness .
Insulin and many other drugs have long been used to control blood sugar , but Ihnat - in an earlier project with scientists in Italy and Hungary - found that cells have a " memory " that causes damage to continue even when blood sugar is controlled .
By adding antioxidants like Vitamin C , Ihnat found that cell " memory " disappeared and cell function and oxidation stress were normalized .
" We have speculated that this happens with endothelial dysfunction , but we did not know until now if it was effective in humans .
We finally were able to test it and proved it to be true , " Ihnat said .
" For patients with diabetes , this means simply getting their glucose under control is not enough .
An antioxidant - based therapy combined with glucose control will give patients more of an advantage and lessen the chance of complications with diabetes . "
While researchers do suggest diabetic patients eat foods and take multivitamins rich in antioxidants like Vitamin C , they warn that additional study is needed .
The Vitamin C utilized in their study was given at very high doses and administered directly into the blood stream , so it is unlikely someone would get similar results with an over - the - counter vitamin supplement .
The team is now working to determine how antioxidants work at the molecular level to halt the destructive chain reaction set in motion by high blood sugar levels .
In addition , they are evaluating several other antioxidants with an ultimate hope that their work will translate into simple , effective and inexpensive treatments for the control of diabetes .
###
The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism is the world 's leading peer - reviewed journal for endocrine clinical research and cutting - edge clinical practice reviews .
Mish Shedlock on Gold , Inflation , and Deflation
June 24 , 2009
Mike " Mish " Shedlock has one of the most successful financial blog sites .
He responds to articles from a unique point of view .
This site is a convenient clearing house for information on articles from many sources .
He is known as a deflationist .
He has positioned his site as the premier site that forecasts inevitable deflation .
He has overshadowed Martin Weiss , the son of J. Irving Weiss , who was predicting price deflation back in 1967 .
I was predicting price inflation in 1967 .
Martin Weiss continued the family tradition all through the 1980's and 1990's .
He had a near monopoly on the position , sharing it with A. Gary Shilling and a few others .
Then Mish showed up .
He has a far larger audience than they do .
His site is far more informative than any other deflationist site .
This is Mish .
Before he started his site , he was a highly successful photographer .
This barely describes his achievement .
He got his photos published in 85 publications , including covers .
It takes years to build this sort of portfolio .
You must eat , drink , and sleep photography .
You must master the tools of the trade .
You also need creativity .
This is not a part - time occupation .
It is not a hobby .
It is a career .
I know what it takes .
I used to be an amateur photographer .
I gave it up in 1960 .
I knew I did not have the time to become really good and also pursue my work in economics , history , and markets .
I had to choose .
( Economist Thomas Sowell made the same decision . )
Mish launched his site in 2005 , as far as I can determine .
His photography must have suffered , because he spends a lot of time updating the site and commenting of the state of the markets .
He is known as a deflationist : a man who predicts price deflation .
Yet he is also an inflationist .
Let me provide examples .
Thursday , June 30 , 2005
The deflation debate heats up
As debt everywhere is repudiated in a deflationary crash , the grand experiment in Fiat money backed by nothing will lead to reinstatement of the gold standard or a gold / silver standard and once that debt is all wiped clean and we start over from a complete K - Cycle deflationary debt purge , then we can see inflation take off .
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com/2005/06/deflation-debate-heats-up.html
Sunday , October 28 , 2007
Basket of Insanity at OPEC
Eventually , all currencies ( except gold ) go to zero .
The only difference is the speed at which they get there .
Warranted or not on relative merits , the U.S. dollar is winning the race among major currency pairs .
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com/2007/10/basket-of-insanity-at-opec.html
Tuesday , June 02 , 2009
Speculative Bets Against The Dollar Highest Since July 15 2008
Of course fiat currencies do not really float anyway .
They simply sink at varying rates , slowly going worthless over time .
Eventually , every fiat currency in existence is headed for zero .
Gold is not headed to zero .
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com/2009/06/speculative-bets-against-dollar-highest.html
So , he sees some nations returning to a gold standard .
Others will not .
This is a political prediction .
We have not seen any country return to a domestic gold standard since 1933 , when the USA , the last gold standard nation , abandoned it by Presidential fiat .
We have not seen an international central bank gold standard since 1971 , when the USA abandoned it by Presidential fiat .
You must understand his scenario before you judge the plausibility of his criticism of those of us who predict mass inflation .
He says that every currency that is not gold - backed will fall to zero .
The world will be a two - standard economy for a while : gold standard currencies and fiat currencies .
Then the fiat standard currencies will all die : fall to zero .
That will leave only the worldwide gold standard currencies .
We will see what the 19th century did not : a universal gold coin standard , with full redeemability of paper money and credit money on demand .
As you might imagine , I regard this as utterly Utopian , but wonderful .
The thought of the whole world on a gold coin standard , with no more central banking , no more fractional reserve banking , and free floating private currencies .
That 's either heaven on earth or else the final stage of Jesus ' postmillennial kingdom .
But , in his scenario , for those nations that refuse to adopt a gold standard , there will be hyperinflation .
To avoid predicting this for America , he necessarily must predict mass deflation -- years of a secular decline in prices -- followed by a return to full gold convertibility for the dollar .
You can evaluate the likelihood of such a scenario .
Then you should place your bets .
But how ?
Do you buy gold coins now ?
Why ?
Why wo n't gold fall in price before today and the collapse of prices in mass deflation ?
Why not hold dollars ( cash currency -- greenbacks ) , and then buy gold when the dollar appreciates ( prices fall ) to the maximum ?
Is n't buying gold today jumping the gun ?
He recommends gold .
But why ?
He says that gold does well in times of deflation .
This is an astounding argument .
Copper falls .
Lead falls .
Zinc falls .
Every other commodity falls .
That is the meaning of price deflation : currency appreciates .
Yet gold supposedly does not fall .
Here is what he wrote in 2007 on gold as an investment .
8 ) A Hedge against Deflation Deflation is the other end of the spectrum .
For reasons outlined above I think that 's where we are headed .
Gold has done very well historically in deflation .
Think of the great depression .
Who did n't want gold coins ?
The purchasing power of gold soared in the depression .
But is n't this contradictory ?
Can gold rise in all situations ?
The answer is that it 's not contradictory because gold does not do well in all situations .
Gold does poorly in " normal times " .
In normal times stocks and bonds are the place to be , not gold .
Gold does well at the extremes , very well in fact .
Hyperinflation and deflation are the extremes .
Once again consider it an insurance policy , and one likely to be needed one way or another as well .
Bankruptcies and rising unemployment with a consumer led recession is all that it may take to set thing off .
I believe a severe consumer led recession is coming .
With that recession , rising unemployment is a given .
Once again consider gold as an insurance policy .
I think it will be needed .
He wrote : " Gold has done very well historically in deflation .
Think of the great depression .
Who did n't want gold coins ?
The purchasing power of gold soared in the depression . "
This is true .
Why was this true ?
Because gold had a fixed price in dollars guaranteed by the U.S. government .
Gold soared along with the dollar .
Put differently , most other prices fell .
Why did gold match the dollar 's appreciation ?
Because it was the legal equivalent of dollars .
If you brought gold to the Treasury , you were given $ 20 an ounce .
Then gold coins were made illegal by Roosevelt 's unilateral fiat command in 1933 .
Americans had to turn in their gold coins to the government at $ 20 .
In 1934 , the government raised the price of gold to $ 35 .
It was a bonanza for the government .
That increase made gold mining shares go through the roof .
But this was a rigged market .
That dollars - for - gold market ended on August 15 , 1971 , when Nixon unilaterally abolished the gold standard for international transactions .
He " closed the gold window . "
On January 1 , 1975 , it became legal for Americans to own gold .
There was no government - guaranteed price .
Its price fell from just under $ 200 an ounce to $ 105 in mid-1976 .
So , there is no historical evidence -- none -- that gold does well in times of price deflation , unless there is a government - run gold standard , which means a fixed dollar price for gold guaranteed by the government .
We have not seen price deflation since 1955 ( one year , 1 % down ) .
The world has not had a fixed price for gold ever since the Treasury ceased paying $ 35 an ounce for gold sold to it by mining companies and foreign central banks in 1971 .
In times of deflation , gold 's price will fall .
I covered this in a 2006 article .
I covered it again in a 2009 article .
The only argument against a falling gold price in a time of general price deflation is John Exter 's : " pushing on a string . "
He says there will be a rush for gold as the most liquid asset .
Here is his pyramid of solvency .
It was an untested theory in 1973 .
It remains untested .
Notice that Exter put currency just above gold .
This theory is logical .
Cash money in hand rises in value in times of price deflation .
This is the definition of price deflation .
That is what happened in the Great Depression .
Banks went under because of bank runs : withdrawal of currency .
He who had currency when the banks closed was a winner .
I have shown why Exter 's argument was wrong with respect to central banks ' supposed loss of control over the money - creation process .
To summarize Mish 's scenario :
1 . The debt pyramid will implode .
2. The Federal Reserve will not be able to stop this .
3 . There will be serious , bankrupting , depression - creating monetary deflation .
4 . There will be long - term price deflation .
5 . When prices finally reach bottom , or close to it , thereby reversing 100 + years of FED inflating , the government will restore the gold standard .
6 . All nations that do not copy the USA will experience hyperinflation : money with zero value .
7 . Then there will be only the gold standard .
This is what I gather from what I have read .
If my summary is incomplete , then he needs to write a book detailing his scenario : the economic evidence , his theory of political action , and the chain of events that are likely to bring scenario to pass .
I have done this for gold in my book , The Gold Wars .
//www.garynorth.com/GoldWars.pdf
He should do the same .
If this scenario is inaccurate , and if we do n't go back to the gold standard , then the USA will experience hyperinflation : money of zero value .
Then we will have to go back to the gold standard , or start all over again : mass inflation .
Your assessment of Mish 's arguments against me and all other predictors of price inflation depends on your assessment of the accuracy of his forecast .
What would systematic price deflation do ?
We would see a collapse of overleveraged large banks and overleveraged insurance firms all over the world , a huge increase in unemployment , an increase in bankruptcies , and double or triple the number of home foreclosures .
We would see the Great Depression .
What then ?
He is saying that the voters all over the world will respond by adopting Ron Paul 's view of the gold standard and central banking .
They will force the politicians to restore the gold standard and shut down the central banks , so that the banking system cannot undermine gold again .
This is a theory of political action , not a theory of inevitable economic processes .
He is implicitly arguing that in a time of incomparable economic crisis , Congress will abandon Keynesianism , monetarism , supply - side theory , and rational expectations economics in favor of Austrianism .
Congress will do this , despite the opposition of 99.9 % of all economists and business school professors .
Meanwhile , the voters will not cry out for more government money .
The voters will demand budget cuts , a balanced Federal budget , and the abolition of the Federal Reserve System .
My assessment : somewhere , over the rainbow , way up high .
Mish needs to answer the ten questions I have proposed for all deflationists to answer .
Let 's see if they agree with each other .
Let 's see if they try to duck these ten questions .
( SCMP ) Suspected hit man tells court he had never heard of alleged target By Joyce Man. June 30 , 2009 .
A man accused of being a gunman hired to shoot media tycoon Jimmy Lai Chee-ying and former Democratic Party chairman Martin Lee Chu-ming said he did not know who Mr Lai was and had never seen the photo of him found in his wallet .
Huang Nanhua , 50 , was answering questions put to him by prosecutor Peter Chapman yesterday in the Court of First Instance .
" Do you often keep photos of strange men in your wallet ? " Mr Chapman asked .
Huang replied that the only photos he kept in his wallet were those of Mao Zedong , a certain Malaysian figure and his wife .
He had not seen the photo of Mr Lai before and did not know who he was despite visiting Hong Kong regularly from Shenzhen .
Mr Lai is publisher of the Chinese - language Apple Daily newspaper .
Huang also denied having seen papers , found in his bag , that contained information about the men .
Huang has pleaded not guilty to carrying a firearm with the intent to commit offences including shooting with intent and kidnapping .
Police say they intercepted Huang at a roadblock in Dundas Street , Mong Kok , on August 14 and found a pistol with five bullets , information about Mr Lai and Mr Lee , and HK$ 20,000 .
Huang denied all knowledge of the gun in his bag .
A friend , Ho Wai-kam , stuffed a package into his bag with instructions to deliver it to an " Ah Wai " , who would call , Huang said , adding that Ho told him the contents were electronic parts .
Ho has pleaded guilty to the lesser offence of possessing a firearm .
Huang has accused police of forcing four statements out of him by covering his head with a bag , binding his hands , kicking and punching him , and forcing water into his mouth .
When Mr Chapman asked why photos of his body showed only two marks on his chest , a scratch on his back and marks on his knee , Huang replied : " Maybe [ the injuries ] were not visible to the naked eye or did not appear right away . "
Huang also said that when he was taken to Queen Mary Hospital , officers told the doctor to leave out certain details of their examination , which is why they failed to mention marks on his body .
The trial continues before Deputy Judge Peter Line .
( Apple Daily )
Huang Nanhua said that he took a package from Ho Wai-kam on August 13 , last year .
Afterwards , he went to North Point to purcahse Fujinese food for his aunt and therefore not " casing " out the office of Martin Lee .
He said that on the next day , the Criminal Investigative Department and Organized Crime Unit detectives put a hood over him and then poured water into his mouth ( note : there is no Chinese term for " water - boarding " ) and pulled his pubic hair out .
He was forced to obey the orders to write out the provided answers in his statement .
Huang said that he has never seen the paper slips with the addresses of Martin Lee 's office and Jimmy Lai 's home before .
He also said that his wallet contains only a photo of Mao Zedong and a joint portrait with his wife .
( Ming Pao )
50 - year - old Huang Nanhua said that he came to Hong Kong on August 13 to do some shopping .
He met the other defendant Ho Wai-kam in the Tsuen Wan district .
Ho said that he would repay his debt to Huang , but he actually borrowed 2,500 dollars .
Ho also handed a bag of " electronic parts " to Huang and asked him to forward it to his friend " Ah Wai . "
Huang did not open the bag and therefore did not know that there was a gun inside .
Huang then went to Star House in the Tsim Sha Tsui district to meet with two mainland friends .
They suggested going to Macau , but Huang said that he was busy .
He accompanied the two friends to take the Star Ferry to Central , whereupon the two friends took the ferry to Macau .
Meanwhile , Huang took a cab to North Point .
The prosecutor charged that Huang was " casing " out Legislative Councilor Martin Lee 's office , but Huang said that he only wanted to buy " native Fujinese food " ( such as salted noodles and white sugar cake at the Chawah Market .
Huang said that he was hooded and beaten by the police many times after his arrest .
On one occasion , he was stripped , had his pubic hair pulled out and water poured into his mouth .
He asked to see a doctor , who was prevented by the police to make a record of his injuries .
Huang also denied that he had a clipping about Jimmy Lai in his wallet .
Huang said that he does not know Jimmy Lai , because " as a Chinese citizen , I have no right to know him . "
( Oriental Daily )
Two con men hide out in a house while the owner is away ; one of them assumes the identity of the absent house sitter when the owner 's relatives come to visit , only for further complications to set in .
The Inalienable Right to Get High
SOLO - International Press Release : The Inalienable Right to Get High
May 11 , 2009
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger 's call for a " great debate " about legalizing cannabis should be the catalyst for a great debate about ending the disastrous War on Drugs altogether , says SOLO Principal Lindsay Perigo .
" The infamous President Nixon instigated this unwinnable war in 1971 , " Perigo recalls .
" As with the equally misbegotten alcohol prohibition of 1919 - 1933 , the only actual winner has been organized crime .
The big loser has been the founding tenet of America : freedom .
The right to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness implies ownership of one 's own body , which subsumes the right to ingest any substance of one 's choosing , regardless of the moral status of such an action .
" Currently in the United States , 775,000 people have been deprived of their liberty and languish in jail for a cannabis offence .
That 's more than the total in jail for all types of violent crime — real crime — combined , " Perigo notes .
" On and below America 's southern border a hideous battle is being played out among drug cartels , each other and American authorities trying in vain to curb the flow of drugs to the cartels ' biggest market .
Thousands have died and thousands more will die yet , unless this authoritarian catastrophe is halted .
More people are now being murdered in Tijuana by the cartels than by Islamofascist filth in Baghdad .
And the police cannot be relied upon to provide protection in a culture whose leitmotif is , ' Take a bribe , or take a bullet . '
" In an echo of this madness in the Antipodes , a New Zealand policeman has recently been shot dead in what was described as a ' low - risk cannabis operation . '
" It 's no surprise that even a statist like the onetime pro-freedom Traitornator is coming to his senses at a time when government revenues — California ’s most notably — are shrinking with the economy .
A 2008 study by Harvard economist Jeffrey A. Miron estimated that legalizing drugs would inject $ 76.8 billion a year into the U.S. economy — $ 44.1 billion from law enforcement savings , and at least $ 32.7 billion in tax revenue ( $ 6.7 billion from marijuana , $ 22.5 billion from cocaine and heroin , the remainder from other drugs ) .
" The behaviour of government SWAT teams in waging the War on Drugs has often been indistinguishable from that of organised crime itself , except that the latter has been more efficient in confining itself to the elimination of fellow - scumbags , while SWAT teams have on several occasions burst into the wrong homes and summarily executed entirely innocent people .
" Congress itself , abounding as it does in crooked Democrats and sanctimonious Christian Republicans , all high on a tax - funded power - trip , has been persecuting athletes for taking steroids , when this matter is the business of the relevant private sports disciplines and their voluntary contractees alone .
" The War on Drugs is a disgrace , and subverts the credibility of America 's claim to be the land of the free as seriously as any of President Chavez - Obama 's economic policies , " Perigo concludes .
SOLO ( Sense of Life Objectivists : SOLOPassion.com )
ENDS
© Scoop Media
Tony Blair , who now serves as the Middle East Quartet 's envoy , has told Time magazine he has concluded that the return to power of the newly elected Israeli prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu – universally seen as a near - fatal setback to prospects for a two - state solution – may be a blessing .
Blair informs us that he had a serious chat with Netanyahu in which it became clear that far from putting Palestinian statehood beyond reach , Netanyahu intends to become the father of the Palestinian nation .
Like his friend George W Bush , Blair apparently looked into his interlocutor 's soul and concluded that this man aspires to nothing less than " to build the [ Palestinian ] state from the bottom up " .
Of course , there is the annoying matter that Netanyahu refuses to affirm his support for a two - state solution ; indeed , Netanyahu considers a Palestinian state a plague to be avoided .
However , Blair would like all of us to understand that " circumstances must be right " for Netanyahu before he can let the world in on his secret passion for Palestinian nation - building .
With all due respect , one has to wonder if Blair has lost all touch with Middle Eastern realities .
If nothing else , he has repeatedly warned that Israel 's continuing encroachments on Palestinian land , the expansion of its settlements , and the damage to Palestinian economy and society wreaked by the more than 600 Israeli military checkpoints are destroying what hope remains for a two - state solution .
Does he really believe that Netanyahu and his government will put an end to these practices while they go about rebuilding Palestinian statehood " from the ground up " , whatever that is supposed to mean ?
What is particularly astonishing is Blair 's understanding of Netanyahu 's unwillingness to declare support for a Palestinian state until " circumstances become right " .
Blair has given no indication he is willing to extend the same forbearance to Hamas for its refusal to affirm its recognition of the State of Israel until " circumstances become right " .
Is this not a blatantly un-evenhanded approach to his mediation ?
Should not the same sanctions be applied to Netanyahu 's government for refusing to abide by previous agreements that are being applied by the Quartet to Hamas for that same transgression ?
To be fair , Blair does not agree with every aspect of Quartet and US policy in Gaza .
He has said that it does not work , and that he would like to see humanitarian help " in its broadest sense " allowed in .
He has stressed that this means not just food and fuel but also help in rebuilding infrastructure and houses .
But none of this begins to deal with the double standard that has been applied by the Quartet , not to speak of the Bush administration , to Israeli and Palestinian violations of past agreements and international law .
Palestinians have fallen dismally short in their efforts at nation - building and in fashioning the internal cohesion indispensable to their struggle for statehood .
But the difficult measures they must take to put their house in order will remain beyond their grasp if they do not receive a credible commitment to viable statehood alongside Israel .
An Israeli government that expressly refuses to provide such a commitment is not one that can end the conflict , much less rebuild the Palestinian state " from the ground up " .
Israel 's government can pose reasonable conditions for Palestinian statehood , but only after it has clearly recognised the Palestinian right to national self - determination , an acknowledgement that becomes meaningful only if Israel also accepts the Road Map 's requirement that no unilateral changes can be made in the pre-1967 border .
Such adjustments can only come about as a result of a negotiated agreement .
There is nothing in Netanyahu 's past , nor in his present pronouncements , to indicate that he intends to pay the slightest attention to this provision .
In that same interview in Time magazine , Blair stated that three elements are needed for a resolution of the conflict : a credible political negotiation for a two - state solution , a programme of major change on the West Bank , and an easing of the blockage in Gaza .
" If we get those , we 'll be back in business again " , he said .
Netanyahu has made it clear that whatever else he envisages for the Palestinians , not one of these three elements is a part of it .
In what is becoming a familiar narrative , an innovative music company – in this case Spotify , the slick P2P streaming app – has invented a service that music fans love .
But in order to satisfy the labels ' licensing demands in order to roll out in the US , the company will either have to sell an overwhelming amount of intrusive advertising or otherwise force users to pay high monthly fees to get rid of the ads .
This could result in a service no one wants to use ( not that the labels would care , because they generally receive hefty upfront licensing fees well before a music startup goes under ) .
A disagreement over these fees appears to be holding up the American release of Spotify , which has grown popular in those countries where it is available .
The problem , according to one major label 's distribution arm , is that Spotify does n't include enough ads in its free version , so nobody gets annoyed enough to upgrade .
" Unfortunately , nobody is upgrading to the premium models , which is the hope down the road , " said Amanda Marks , executive vice president and general manager of Universal Music Distribution , according to Digital Music News .
" There 's almost no advertising in the free section [ of Spotify ] , so there 's no impetus to upgrade . "
This strategy of trying to extract as much money as possible from Spotify 's desktop app might make sense on the surface .
But it ignores – and would stifle – a larger revenue opportunity in the mobile space .
People will indeed pay for Spotify , I contend , but only if it 's portable .
On the desktop , they 'll always have cheaper or less - ad - ridden alternatives like web - based streaming , P2P , sneakernet , and so on .
If the strategy of charging monthly fees for a desktop music app truly worked , we 'd all be paying for Rhapsody by now .
Instead , the labels should allow Spotify to operate more or less as it already does in Europe : as a free , ad - supported P2P streaming service with a paid option that gets rid of those ads .
Universal 's Marks is correct in noting that most people will refuse to upgrade to the paid desktop version of Spotify .
But she fails to see that once people are hooked , they 'll want to carry their Spotify collections around with them ( and indeed , iPhone and Android Spotify apps are already in development ) .
At that point , both Spotify and the labels stand to earn even more from the app stores springing up around every important mobile platform .
Mobile is where Spotify 's value proposition truly lies – especially as Apple rolls out the option for selling iPhone apps as subscriptions with the 3.0 version of iPhone software ( a model the other mobile platforms are all but certain to copy ) .
Paying for portable access to a service you already love on the desktop is a compelling proposition – moreso than paying Spotify to remove ads from its desktop version .
By allowing the free , computer - tethered version of Spotify to attract and addict new users , labels will grow the pool of music fans who would be willing to pay a monthly fee for a portable version of the service .
It 's a fairly simple idea , but the labels will see it as risky , due to the heavy probability that desktop Spotify users will continue to prefer the free version .
Nonetheless , labels should align their licensing efforts with consumer demand .
And judging from what the last ten years of digital music history have taught us , consumers are more likely to pay for portable music than they are for music streamed to a desktop .
The infrastructure just about in place for this – all that remains is for the labels to take a small leap of faith .
See Also :
Sales of frozen food in the UK have continued to surge and rose by £ 221 m in the last three months , according to the latest statistics from Kantar and the British Frozen Food Federation ( BFFF ) .
The Keens face fresh questions over their expenses Married Labour MPs Ann and Alan Keen have been given a month to stop their local council repossessing their home 10 miles from the House of Commons .
The pair 's expenses have been in the spotlight after they claimed £ 137,679 for a second home near Parliament .
Hounslow Council has told the couple " urgent action " is needed to explain why their main home in Brentford is unoccupied .
The couple say it is not true to say it is empty , but it is being renovated .
A source at the council - which is run by the Conservatives - told the BBC that the Brentford property had remained empty for seven months .
Andrew Dakers , the Liberal Democrat councillor for the area , who is also its prospective Parliamentary candidate , has told the BBC that the windows at the back of the Keens ' main home were boarded up and that there was paint splashed on the inside of the upstairs windows .
' Deeply ironic '
The Keens are not thought to have responded to the council 's letter , sent last week .
If the council does not get a satisfactory response from the Keens , it then has the power to issue an Empty Dwelling Management Order which would allow the council to take possession of the property and bring it back into use .
Such orders became law five years ago in order to give local councils the power to take possession of empty properties and bring them back into use .
FURTHER QUESTIONS ?
Gary O'Donoghue
Ann Keen , a junior health minister , also appears to have claimed for private medical treatment .
In 2005 the former nurse claimed for two medical bills , amounting to £ 232 for treatment at the Blackheath Hospital .
At the time she was a Parliamentary aide to Gordon Brown .
Most of the detail relating to these bills has been blacked out in the allowances published by Parliament last week , although the first bill for £ 150 is entitled " new consultation " in the published documents .
It is not clear whether Mrs Keen or a member of her staff was the subject of the consultation , though the rules on Incidental Expenses , which are meant to cover the cost of running an office , make it clear that they are not there for personal costs .
But in a statement on Tuesday evening Mrs Keen said : " It is categorically untrue to say that our home is an empty dwelling as made clear by the relevant legislation .
" It is currently in the process of being substantially renovated , entirely at our own expense . "
She denied the property was subject to an empty dwelling management order and said the letter made clear that " owners undertaking renovation work on their homes are not under threat of repossession " .
" Our representatives are in the process of speaking to the London Borough of Hounslow with the details of our renovation work .
" As soon as this work is completed , we will be back living at home in Brentford , where we have lived for the past 22 years . "
Tory housing spokesman Grant Shapps said it would be " deeply ironic " if the Labour government 's powers to allow the state confiscation of private property were used against " absentee Labour members of Parliament " .
The couple 's designated second home is a flat in Waterloo , two stops on the Jubilee underground line from Westminster .
Alan Keen is MP for Feltham and Heston while Ann Keen is MP for neighbouring Brentford and Isleworth .
According to the Daily Telegraph , the couple bought the central London flat in 2002 and have , between them , claimed more than £ 30,000 towards it in each of the past four years .
The couple told the newspaper that under the second home allowance rules , married MPs were entitled to separately claim for a property that they share and live in together .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ahzz Profile Joined May 2007 Finland 740 Posts Last Edited : 2008-06-16 16:40:06 # 1 Zerg Guide By Ahzz
=========================
Introduction ============================
( Note : Macro means managing your resources , building units etc in general , while micro means controlling your units in battles in general .
Secondly , for those doubting this guide , I can play zerg , aside from zvz , at A - or A level if I put effort to my game . )
First off , for those better players around there .
This is mostly meant to teach stuff for less experienced players , though experienced players can get something out of it too but ..
Well , what I 'm trying to say is , that if I say that you should n't concentrate on cool micro , it means that you should ONLY concentrate on better micro etc if you have enough speed and multitasking , which most of the people who read this do not .
There are several ways to start the game .
Some are better at something else than others etc .
Well , let 's skip that crap and move to business shall we ?
General Tips
- A good amount of drones is usually 1 ½ times the amount of mineral patches + 3 for gas .
So for example , if an expansion spot has 8 mineral patches and a vespene gas , then a nice amount of drones would be 12 at minerals and 3 at gas .
This is , of course , in general .
If you 're making a power build or something , you can have several more drones on minerals .
- Keep your overlords around the map .
Especially if you have speed .
If you dont have speed , it might be too dangerous to send them around , so in that case just keep them at safe - ish positions and around your expansions and bases .
This way you can still spot any harassment and attack attempts and somehow defend against them .
One could say that this brings great danger to the overlords and shouldnt be done .
However , if you ask me , it brings much greater danger to them if you keep them clumped at one place , you wont be able to spot harassment attempts ( for eample , shuttles with dark templars to kill your expansion , or instead of dark templars , high templars to kill all your workers in matter of seconds ) , and they will be in great danger against units like corsairs .
Besides , it 's easy to bring a few hydralisks in case of an early harassment attempt .
Also , if you keep your overlords around , you will have quicker detection for cloaked units such as dark templars .
And if you have speed , just send your overlords to any strategic positions such as expansions , choke points , places he might attack you from etc .
They are fast , you can escape with them from almost anything , and they have 200 hp .
And even if you lose one , you will win much more as you know EXACTLY where he is , where he 's attacking from , and usually his army size too , so you will know wether its worth to attack his army just yet or not .
Trust me , every good player does this , and its totally worth it .
watch any high level replays , you wont find a single game where this is n't the case .
- Zerg needs more expansions than terran or protoss to be able to fight them in general .
In theory , " to win for sure " you need two times the expansions he has , and to be able to fight him rather well you need one more expansion .
Of course , it 's not always like this , but Zerg players should keep this as an guideline to really understand the importance of having more expansions .
Also remember that gas is more important to zerg than other races , as the zerg is the most gas consuming .
You got to weigh the options when expanding , either taking a safe mineral only expansion , or perhaps a bit more risky expansion that is worth more .
Also , since gas expansions are much more valuable , your opponent will scout them more often .
Remember , even if you have the correct amount of expansions the very moment , the least you should still expand is another expansion when your previous one has decent amount of workers .
The Zerg can never have too many expansions .
- Atleast against terran and protoss , Zerg needs to keep his army around the map ( also called MAP CONTROL ) for various reasons .
That way you get faster defense for any harassment attempts at your exapansions for example , you will have you army ready for flank the very moment he moves out , and its harder for your opponent to know your army 's size .
The Zerg has weak units in general and they rely on their quantities , therefore A flank and some general and simple micro such as burrow lurkers , dark swarm , or moving your units just a bit to prevent your opponents escape is in general all you will need .
except hydras against psionic storms for example .
That is pretty intense stuff , since you have to predict perfectly where and when your opponent is going to throw a psi storm , how many storms he has , where to dodge , etc etc .
Such knowledge can be acquired through experience and practise .
However , for lower skilled people just spreading out your hydras is enough .
- Hotkey your hatcheries .
The zerg has least amount of production buildings , so it 's well possible for them .
Also , the larvas piling up is another advantage .
Personally , I prefer 0,9, 8,7,6,5 etc for hatcheries .
In the late game as I have even 6 + groups of units , I choose units before production buildings , since both of us will be battling with such large armies a single battle can change the course of the entire game .
Guidelines for using Hatcheries
- Even while you 're only doing macro at your main , I , atleast , still prefer using hotkeys to build drones and units .
It 's faster than using your mouse .
The only thing I have to do is 0sd9sd8sd or something along the lines , and the hatcheries I want to are building drones .
- One could say that these hotkeys suck as they 're hard to reach .
However , personally I think that using units at easy reach is much more important , if I want to macro , I can do whatever 0sh9sh8sz7sz6sz in an second if I release my hold of my mouse .
Right after that I bring my hand back to my mouse .
With experience you will start doing this automatically without thinking and disturbing ANYTHING you will know the exact moments ..
- Always keep building your units .
Dont forget it for an second .
While your units are moving to the location you wish to , go and do your 0sz9sz8 sh7sh whatsoever again .
Also , since bigger battles do take quite a while , you should do this hatcery hotkey stuff every time before a battle , during a battle unless its very intense , and right after the battle .
If you have too many groups of units , it 's a bit more tricky .
However , in that case you should usually have ultralisk tech ready already , and really , it 's the fastest way to spend huge amounts of money .
Choose a good time and go back to your base and build ultralisks from as many hatcheries as you can .
poof , all your money was spent in seconds .
- Remember , once an expansion has good amount of drones , it becomes a unit production building .
Sometimes its good to leave the rally point close to the expansion , You can then take it any time you wish , and it will provide better defense for the expansion .
- The more you have extra money , the more expansions you make , unless you already have alot of them already or something .
It 's hard to give a guideline for this , but one could be ... 2 expansions = 5 hatcheries , 3 expansions = 6 - 7 hatcheries , 4 expansions = ... even more .
If you have plenty of expansions and plenty of money , of course you make more expansions , but what 's more important is to get alot of units and fast .
You do nothing with expansions if they get destroyed before they can be used , and you cant defend them unless you have units .
But you could say that if you have enough expansions to fight him , you could spend most of your extra money for extra unit production hatcheries .
Depends , but yeah .
Also do not forget that usually once an expansion has the appropriate amount of drones , it becomes an unit production hatchery .
- In early game , especially in zvp , a zerg will be able to fend off a protoss attack without huge trouble even if the zerg ONLY starts to prepare once the protoss is about to move out .
If you have 1 sunken colony and 6 lings , and protoss is starting to move out and you place 1 - 2 extra sunks and spend all larva on lings , you will be able fend off almost any attack especially if you pull your drones to help as well .
Unless they specifically target the drones , they will just try to attack lings / sunkens so it might give you several free hits plus other bonuses which is why its quite powerful as a defense .
- When playing zerg , you just about always scout with your ninth drone .
If your opponent plays random , you MAY scout at seventh or eighth drone .
Unless you know what your opponents race is , you have to start off with a pool build .
Otherwise its too risky .
Build Orders
Note :
The build orders I give are just something to lead you to the correct timing .
It could be an ideal situation , so you gotta see how you act if the situation does not happen to be ideal .
In general , I do n't really follow all build orders that closely .
Personally , I just make the buildings when I got the money for it .
Of course I send the worker a bit beforehand , so I can build it the instant I receive 300 minerals for example .
In most of the cases anyway .
( Note : Macro means managing your resources , building units etc in general , while micro means controlling your units in battles in general .
Secondly , for those doubting this guide , I can play zerg , aside from zvz , at A - or A level if I put effort to my game . )
First off , for those better players around there .
This is mostly meant to teach stuff for less experienced players , though experienced players can get something out of it too but ..
Well , what I 'm trying to say is , that if I say that you should n't concentrate on cool micro , it means that you should ONLY concentrate on better micro etc if you have enough speed and multitasking , which most of the people who read this do not .
There are several ways to start the game .
Some are better at something else than others etc .
Well , let 's skip that crap and move to business shall we ?
- A good amount of drones is usually 1 ½ times the amount of mineral patches + 3 for gas .
So for example , if an expansion spot has 8 mineral patches and a vespene gas , then a nice amount of drones would be 12 at minerals and 3 at gas .
This is , of course , in general .
If you 're making a power build or something , you can have several more drones on minerals .
- Keep your overlords around the map .
Especially if you have speed .
If you dont have speed , it might be too dangerous to send them around , so in that case just keep them at safe - ish positions and around your expansions and bases .
This way you can still spot any harassment and attack attempts and somehow defend against them .
One could say that this brings great danger to the overlords and shouldnt be done .
However , if you ask me , it brings much greater danger to them if you keep them clumped at one place , you wont be able to spot harassment attempts ( for eample , shuttles with dark templars to kill your expansion , or instead of dark templars , high templars to kill all your workers in matter of seconds ) , and they will be in great danger against units like corsairs .
Besides , it 's easy to bring a few hydralisks in case of an early harassment attempt .
Also , if you keep your overlords around , you will have quicker detection for cloaked units such as dark templars .
And if you have speed , just send your overlords to any strategic positions such as expansions , choke points , places he might attack you from etc .
They are fast , you can escape with them from almost anything , and they have 200 hp .
And even if you lose one , you will win much more as you know EXACTLY where he is , where he 's attacking from , and usually his army size too , so you will know wether its worth to attack his army just yet or not .
Trust me , every good player does this , and its totally worth it .
watch any high level replays , you wont find a single game where this is n't the case .
- Zerg needs more expansions than terran or protoss to be able to fight them in general .
In theory , " to win for sure " you need two times the expansions he has , and to be able to fight him rather well you need one more expansion .
Of course , it 's not always like this , but Zerg players should keep this as an guideline to really understand the importance of having more expansions .
Also remember that gas is more important to zerg than other races , as the zerg is the most gas consuming .
You got to weigh the options when expanding , either taking a safe mineral only expansion , or perhaps a bit more risky expansion that is worth more .
Also , since gas expansions are much more valuable , your opponent will scout them more often .
Remember , even if you have the correct amount of expansions the very moment , the least you should still expand is another expansion when your previous one has decent amount of workers .
The Zerg can never have too many expansions .
- Atleast against terran and protoss , Zerg needs to keep his army around the map ( also called MAP CONTROL ) for various reasons .
That way you get faster defense for any harassment attempts at your exapansions for example , you will have you army ready for flank the very moment he moves out , and its harder for your opponent to know your army 's size .
The Zerg has weak units in general and they rely on their quantities , therefore A flank and some general and simple micro such as burrow lurkers , dark swarm , or moving your units just a bit to prevent your opponents escape is in general all you will need .
except hydras against psionic storms for example .
That is pretty intense stuff , since you have to predict perfectly where and when your opponent is going to throw a psi storm , how many storms he has , where to dodge , etc etc .
Such knowledge can be acquired through experience and practise .
However , for lower skilled people just spreading out your hydras is enough .
- Hotkey your hatcheries .
The zerg has least amount of production buildings , so it 's well possible for them .
Also , the larvas piling up is another advantage .
Personally , I prefer 0,9, 8,7,6,5 etc for hatcheries .
In the late game as I have even 6 + groups of units , I choose units before production buildings , since both of us will be battling with such large armies a single battle can change the course of the entire game .
- Even while you 're only doing macro at your main , I , atleast , still prefer using hotkeys to build drones and units .
It 's faster than using your mouse .
The only thing I have to do is 0sd9sd8sd or something along the lines , and the hatcheries I want to are building drones .
- One could say that these hotkeys suck as they 're hard to reach .
However , personally I think that using units at easy reach is much more important , if I want to macro , I can do whatever 0sh9sh8sz7sz6sz in an second if I release my hold of my mouse .
Right after that I bring my hand back to my mouse .
With experience you will start doing this automatically without thinking and disturbing ANYTHING you will know the exact moments ..- Always keep building your units .
Dont forget it for an second .
While your units are moving to the location you wish to , go and do your 0sz9sz8 sh7sh whatsoever again .
Also , since bigger battles do take quite a while , you should do this hatcery hotkey stuff every time before a battle , during a battle unless its very intense , and right after the battle .
If you have too many groups of units , it 's a bit more tricky .
However , in that case you should usually have ultralisk tech ready already , and really , it 's the fastest way to spend huge amounts of money .
Choose a good time and go back to your base and build ultralisks from as many hatcheries as you can .
poof , all your money was spent in seconds .
- Remember , once an expansion has good amount of drones , it becomes a unit production building .
Sometimes its good to leave the rally point close to the expansion , You can then take it any time you wish , and it will provide better defense for the expansion .
- The more you have extra money , the more expansions you make , unless you already have alot of them already or something .
It 's hard to give a guideline for this , but one could be ... 2 expansions = 5 hatcheries , 3 expansions = 6 - 7 hatcheries , 4 expansions = ... even more .
If you have plenty of expansions and plenty of money , of course you make more expansions , but what 's more important is to get alot of units and fast .
You do nothing with expansions if they get destroyed before they can be used , and you cant defend them unless you have units .
But you could say that if you have enough expansions to fight him , you could spend most of your extra money for extra unit production hatcheries .
Depends , but yeah .
Also do not forget that usually once an expansion has the appropriate amount of drones , it becomes an unit production hatchery .
- In early game , especially in zvp , a zerg will be able to fend off a protoss attack without huge trouble even if the zerg ONLY starts to prepare once the protoss is about to move out .
If you have 1 sunken colony and 6 lings , and protoss is starting to move out and you place 1 - 2 extra sunks and spend all larva on lings , you will be able fend off almost any attack especially if you pull your drones to help as well .
Unless they specifically target the drones , they will just try to attack lings / sunkens so it might give you several free hits plus other bonuses which is why its quite powerful as a defense .
- When playing zerg , you just about always scout with your ninth drone .
If your opponent plays random , you MAY scout at seventh or eighth drone .
Unless you know what your opponents race is , you have to start off with a pool build .
Otherwise its too risky .
Note :
The build orders I give are just something to lead you to the correct timing .
It could be an ideal situation , so you gotta see how you act if the situation does not happen to be ideal .
In general , I do n't really follow all build orders that closely .
Personally , I just make the buildings when I got the money for it .
Of course I send the worker a bit beforehand , so I can build it the instant I receive 300 minerals for example .
In most of the cases anyway .
=========================
ZvP ============================
9 Pool
pros :
May catch opponent off guard , forces him to make more and faster defense , you have defense for any kind of rush , pretty much .
cons : not too great early economy ( not THAT bad either , but still )
( Another variation of this build would be to keep the extractor and make zergling speed early on , making it even more powerful of a rush , or if it fails , you can use zergling speed to stop any scouting units with ease .
However , this takes a lot more money , and it might not be quite as good in some cases for that reason )
9/9 drones
9/9 spawning pool
9/9 drones
9/9 overlord
10/9 extractor trick ( take a drone , morph it to extractor , build another drone , and then cancel the extractor and you have 10/9 drones
13/17 zerglings
pressure with lings unless he already has defense you cant easily break up .
If he has 2 zealots at ramp ( 2 gate build by protoss ) , dont attack .
Leave them at his choke point so you can see the moment he moves out , and kill and scouts they might send .
Same goes if they make fast expo and have 2 cannons up , or probes blocking the way and 1 cannon .
if its only 1 cannon , then attack with the zerglings .
you should still have 3 - 4 lings left after finishing off the cannon .
If you 're confident with your multitasking and micro , you might want to keep sending zerglings and finish the game right there and then , or atleast gain a huge advantage , or just settle with dealing some damage to gain a small advantage while pumping drones yourself , gaining superior economy .
This is what I usually prefer to do .
Instead of taking a huge risk of just keeping on , why not leave it at that and take a huge lead ?
Of course I dont give up the very moment im about to gain the advantage , you keep going on for a moment , but remember to not get too greedy .
now there are different ways of continuing after making the lings etc ...
You can possibly make an ultra fast spire to completely catch him off guard , especially if you dealt some damage with your lings , or perhaps 3 hatchery zerglings to simply mass over him , though it pretty much only works if he made an fast expansion .
Another option is to just continue safe and normal , making an expansion after you make your lings , keep making drones , and after you have enough money , make a third hatchery .
If he made an fast expansion , make the third hatchery to a new expansion spot in most cases .
9 overpool
pros : better economy than 9 pool , able to defend against rushes pretty well .
Cons : a bit slow hatcheries , 5 - 10 seconds slower than 9 pool
( just like in 9 pool , in overpool you can build a gas at 10 supply as well to make ling speed . )
9/9 drones ( ninth drone to scout )
9/9 overlord
11/17 drones
expand when you have the money , send a drone beforehand ,
14or15/17 lings ( thats 8 or 10 lings ) .
You will make lings appropriately depending on his build order and army size when needed , of course .
You will use these lings to either shut him down if he 's going 14 nexus fast expand , or if he 's playing safe just kill his scouting probe and bring lings to choke to see when he moves out etc .
17/17 drones
make a third hatchery somewhat over here .
If you dont have the money yet , just make it when you do .
If he fast expanded place it to your second expansion .
17or18/18 overlord ( im supposing that your second hatch already popped out )
18/18 drones
make a sunken colony now , it will kill scouting probes and since you 're 18/18 anyway you will have to wait a while for the overlord to finish .
This way you will be able to build another drone and no larva is wasted
Make a fourth hatchery when you have spare money while keeping on making drones and doing w/e tech you wish
6 Pool
pros : VERY fast lings , kills almost any protoss fast expansion unless they 're aware of it early on or map distances are large , gives a rather good economy even though you wouldnt expect it , you can also laugh your ass off at idiots who whine after the game for being stupid enough not to realize its potential
Cons :
If it fails miserably you will have hard time , if he makes gateways instead of normal fast expand you will have very hard time , or if he finds out about it almost instantly you will have a hard time .
This build order is extremely underestimated , however , it only works on maps which you 'd expect the toss to fast expand .
6/9 spawning pool
6/9 drones , send 1 to scout .
9/9 lings
do the extractor trick and morph 2 more lings
attack with the lings and make an overlord when you have the money .
Once your ovie pops out you make a few more drones and after that expo when you have the money .
More drones and third hatch to second expo if he fe'd .
Even more drones and do w/e you wish .
I 'd recommend 4 hatch start with this build tho .
Make lings and sunks when needed .
The micro with lings :
vs fe :
when your lings arrive his cannons most likely will not be up yet , but they should be up rather soon .
If they 're not up and you 're pretty sure you could kill them , go for it .
If he has pulled several probes to block / kill your lings , see if there 's a path which you could use to run to his main before cannons pop out .
If there is no such path , use right click to make your lings attack 1 probe at a time .
This is the thing , really , his cannons will most likely pop out before you could kill them or run past if this is the case , which it will be in most cases , but with this build you will kill like , at least 6 probes of his before the cannons actually come out .
That will slow him down so much that you wont even be behind .
Since you did a fast rush like this he will be completely paranoid and playing extra safe making his economy even worse , while you 're just making drones .
Even if you dont do well at all with this build , you should be able to do well enough that you wont be behind , but very few actually understand this .
Vs 1/2 gateway :
in the case that protoss went 1 / 2 gateway build and you went 6 pool , you wont be having any instant win moments like you might have when fighting against fast expansion .
However , your goal is to deal as much damage as possible .
Your lings should arrive around the same time that his first zealot pops out .
If he knows a bit what he 's doing , he should have pulled around 7 probes or so to help that zealot while building a new one .
Now , you CANNOT fight this army head on .
You got to wait till they 're in some sort of a line and scattered around , and then pick off lone probes one at a time .
If he gets careless at any moment and his zealot gets separated , surround it and kill it .
If you 're able to do this , it might be gg already .
Vs 1 gateway you will have far easier time than 2 gateway because if he went 1 gateway you wont have to fight a big counterattack after the rush , and he wont have that many zealots to chase your lings .
In any case , try to kill off as many probes as possible .
Possibly destroy the pylon that powers the gateway if you feel like it would be good and you have the chance to do so .
12 pool :
pros : quite safe against rushes , just overall good economy , most likely able to kill scouting probe before it sees anything big
cons : your lings most likely wont be able to deal any sort of damage , not quite as good economy as 12 hat , balancing drones and lings might get troublesome against rush builds your enemy makes .
( like in 9 pool or overpool , you can make an extractor after your spawning pool , but in that case you wont have quite as good economy etc . )
9/9 drones , send ninth drone to scout
9/9 overlord
12/17 drones
12 pool
( either gas here or gas later )
12 drone
12 hatchery at expansion ( unless he 's doing proxy gates or some weird stuff )
14/17 6 lings ( you can make a few more if you wish / need )
17/17 drones
third hatch around here unless you 're going very fast tech to spire or lurkers
overlord around here too
more drones , possibly place a sunken colony
w/e you wish now .
( of course not random shit )
12 Hatch
pros : just about best possible economy for early game zerg , quite safe if you save larva for lings , very standard build ( perhaps most popular too )
cons : your opponent can play a bit risky and does n't have to watch out for anything , can have trouble fighting against proxy gates or really fast gates
9 drones
9 overlord
12 drones
2nd hat at expansions
11 pool
12 drones
either you make a gas here if you 're going for fast tech , or later .
If you make gas here , your third hatchery wont be yet .
13/14 third hat to second expo if he fe'd
make 6 - 10 lings
drones till 17/18
a new overlord at 17/18
you can build sunken colony here if you wish
continue with w/e tech / unit build
9 Hatch
pros :
You get to fast expand , you 're VERY safe from almost anything , even fast gateways , you will get extremely fast 10 lings which will kill your opponent if he 's careless .
Cons : not quite as good economy , have to think more about things , and balancing your economy out may be troublesome .
10/9 drones ( extractor trick )
send 2 drones to your expansion after your tenth drone pops out , build an hatchery and send the other one to scout ( doing it this way makes it easier to build the hatchery if his worker comes on the way )
10/9 spawning pool ( yes , extractor trick again )
9/9 overlord
10/9 extractor trick again
save larva for lings when your pool pops out .
You will be able to bring 10 lings at a time , and if your opponent went 14 nexus fast expand you might be able to kill him off if he 's careless .
After this you just keep making drones and overlord when you cant make more drones , also make third hatch when you have the money ( to second exp if he fe'd )
Keep making more drones and tech when you wish etc. ( ofc not too late )
I will skip 3 and 4 hatchery before pool builds against protoss fast expo since it 's really difficult to balance out the drones and lings well enough for it to work .
Once you 're better you can find out yourself , or if you 're already better you know of it already and know how to do it )
9 Pool into fast Spire
Basically , you make gas around same time you start your lings or around the time you do the 10/9 trick , except that instead of doing the trick , you make it to the end .
Start mining gas from the geyser , around the time you make your first lings , you should also have around 100/ 100 extra ... make ling speed with those .
Now keep making a few lings so that you can add a bit more pressure , and once you have enough money , make a lair .
Also make some more drones at this point .
If he has a good defense up ( 3 cannons or so , or zealots blocking the ramp ) do n't try to get in and waste your units .
If he has less defense , feel free to try and run in and kill whatever stuff you can .
After that , it depends if he expects mutalisks or not .
Now , it 's ESPECIALLY important that he cant scout you at ANY point of the game .
Very important .
If he does , it 's obvious you 're making a fast lair , and its over .
You cant deal damage anymore after that .
Keeping it secret is hard , and if you 're too secretive and seem to be missing something , he will become suspicious , so this is hard to pull off .
depends how much extra money you have , but make your second hatchery to the expansion , after your mutas the LATEST ( you should have money for it earlier too , anyway ) .
This build is very risky and its basically all - in .
If you deal a lot of damage , good for you , if you dont , you 've lost the game .
3 Hatch Zerglings
Second hatchery to your expansion , and third to second expansion .
Basically you keep making zerglings with speed , and after you have around 24 + , depending of his defense , you attack .
Now , it 's also very important that he does n't know about this .
If he does , it 's over .
It 's easy for him to make 4 - 5 cannons an a few zealots and probes , and there 's nothing you can do .
And again , this only might work against fast expand .
or atleast , then it has highest chance of working .
Otherwise it 's quite easy to block the ramp and build a cannon or two and its hard to get through unless he becomes careless .
2/3 Hatch Hydra all in
Basically this build is making a very fast hydralisk den with 2 or 3 hatcheries and having rather few drones and spending all of the money on hydralisks and their upgrades .
This works best against fast expand .
Basically if your opponent is able to scout this , you will most likely lose since he will just canno up and you will have far inferior of an economy .
However , if he cant predict in time you might be able to just run over him .
The ' safe ' builds :
Instead of going for a fast cheese build , you can just play it safe , stop ling production after first 6 - 10 unless he 's adding a huge load of pressure with zealots , take an expansion pretty soon afterwards , and maybe throw in another hatchery while making drones .
If he started off with a 2 gate build or so and you feel like he 's making a lot of zealots or something along the lines , you may want to place a sunken colony early on , and maybe make a creep colony or two beforehand if you 're quite sure he will be attacking soon .
Just making an creep colony saves money and they morph to sunken colonies extremely fast , so you will be safe this way .
However , do n't forget that each sunken colony costs you 175 minerals ( you lose a drone ) and if we take to account how much money that drone could gather , it means you lose about 200 minerals for each sunken colony you make , so you should be aware of this and weigh the options .
Basically you have 4 decent options along with a few less common builds which you can figure out later yourself .
You probably wont need em for a while .
The zerg , unlike the protoss , can make a million different variations of each build , and its the same over here .
They can for example either make a quick lair straight after second hatch and maybe even add drop ugprade coming as well , or they can just start lair a bit after their thitd hatch in which case they will have good economy , able to fight fast pressure builds without things getting complicated , spare money for additional things like upgrades , lings , and maybe even another epxansion , and so on .
Once again you have to weigh the options and look at whats happened so far in the game .
If you think it will work out , then you can go for it , but going for it when its just been a basic game so far and both are playing safe is usually not worth it .
Thats why I 'd recommend safe builds for you now .
The lurker tech :
Let us suppose we 're playing safe .
First off , think what your opponent has done , did he fast expand or is he still in his base , doing either 1 or 2 gate build or something .
If he fast expanded you gain a huge load if you can make a quicker carapace than your opponent can make an +1 weapons , since if the protoss only has +1 he will kill zerglings with 2 hits , but if the zerg has a carapace upgrade it will take three hits .
You may have noticed that progamers rarely rush to quite quick evolution chambers , but I recommend that you still try to get a quicker upgrade than your opponent because you do n't have progamer gaming sense , micro , macro , or timings , and thus not making the upgrade will punish you a lot more .
Okay , you KNOW he 's getting a quicker upgrade , that 's fine , you just have to play a bit different .
For example now making slow tech and making a lot of lings could be bad since his zealots are like , twice stronger than before against your lings .
So either you make fast tech or you go hydra .
That 's what I usually do anyway .
In this case we 're talking about lurker tech .
In any case , you should start your lair pretty quickly after your third hatch , either with the upgrade before or after the lair , however you fancy and feel .
It also depends on how much spare money and gas you have .
Your scouting ovies or lings / drones should have seen if they 're making a stargate or just templar tech .
If he did a stargate first , you might want to place your hydralisk den a bit beforehand , for example right after you start your lair so you can save as many overlords as possible .
Otherwise you will be fine with starting it when your lair is about 50 % done .
Also start your second gas around the same time you start your lurker aspect upgrade .
Since you most likely have been just making drones till now , you should be having somewhat nice number of them around already .
You should start ling production at this point .
Remember to also add your fourth hatch when you have the money .
If you dont have a second expansion yet , you could add it there .
Keep making lings and make a bit of hydralisks beforehand so that the instant you get lurker aspect you can morph around 6 lurkers or so .
Now , you should be watching out for a few things .
First off , if he 's making some sort of a zealot rush , you should be defending your expansions and making sure that you know where his army is and when .
Bring your lurkers to help if needed , and sunken up , but dont overdo it .
If your army can already beat his army as it is , no point wasting money on sunken colonies .
You only add them if you believe you cannot beat his army otherwise or you 'd have trouble defending your expansions .
I recommend starting a spire after your first lurkers pop out too .
Also make overlord speed when you have the money .
Now , he SHOULD be in his base , and he most likely has his natural .
There are a few things you need to look out for .
First off , could he have observers yet , and second , how many cannons does he have and at what locations .
If you think you will be able to destroy his cannons and he doesnt have observers , go for it .
If you 're able to do this , its pretty much gg since there 's not much he can do against your lurkers when he has no detection .
However , you should n't do this uselessly .
If you think you might not be able to pull it off , dont try .
If you lose your army at this point , especially if you started off with lurkers , you will also lose your map control , he might be free to take another expansion , and your army will most likely be inferior overall .
Let 's suppose you did NOT attack .
You should spread your lurkers at his choke point so that he wont get more than 1 - 2 with a storm .
Also bring some overlords close by so no dark templars will sneak by , and you will be able to see if he has observers and so on .
If you 're making a spire like I recommended , using scourges to kill off harassing shuttles and killing observers will slow him down a lot .
Also , make double evolution chamber , if you have n't already .
Upgrade carapace and melee attack , since thats what you will need in late game and probably the best now too .
Expand and make more unit production hatcheries with your spare money .
Also keep making more units and bringing more and more lurkers to the choke point , making it harder for him to pass by every moment .
Also make a queens nest for hive .
Now , since you 're making a lurker block you have to be extra careful not to suddenly lose everything for free because you 're putting a huge part of your game on this build .
Basically the goal is to keep him in base long enough for you to get hive tech and even ultralisks if possible .
Adrenal glands for zerglings improve them two fold , so its important not to make too late hive in ZvP .
Also , once he breaks out you also have to make sure that he will lose a large portion of his army too , because if he doesnt he can just run over you .
Usually at this point every zerg has to sunken up his main and exps appropriately .
Also , if you 've kept him in his main a decent time , his mineral will be close to running out , so its especially important to stop him for getting new expansions without trouble .
My most common lurker build : ( only vs protoss fe )
starting off with either pool build or 12 hatchery fast expand , it doesnt really matter .
Also fast third hatchery to second expo .
Keep making drones and make a fourth hatchery when you have the money , also start a gas the moment you start your fourth hatchery .
If you made a pool build , start it a bit before your fourth .
Also make some lings when spawning pool pops out .
Keep making drones and start to gather gas .
Make an evolution chamber when you start gathering ags as well , and as fast carapace as possible .
With this build your opponent most likely will NOT have faster upgrade than you .
Keep gathering gas and making more drones , also make lair and ling speed when you have the gas .
Start a second gas after ling speed .
Make a hydralisk den when lair is at 50 % .
You should now dedicate around 3 hatcheries for ling production , while one hatchery makes drones .
You can also make ovie speed , second evolution chamber , and spire when you have spare money .
With this build you will have faster upgrade , and you will have enough lings to kill off ANY rush he makes , even if its something like 6 gateways mass speed zealot rush .
You can also expand again once you have a decent amount of lings .
Especially once you fend off his attack .
Once your lurkers come , set a lurker block and use lings as well to keep him away and check for any exps .
Keep adding units and make hive as well .
Possibly expand once again after a while .
4 hatch hydra :
This is basically making 4 hatcheries and a gas a bit after the fourth hatchery .
Of course making drones all the time before this besides for the few lings .
And if he fast expanded , you place third hatch to second expo .
Once you have the gas you make a hydralisk den , start hydra speed and start making hydralisks .
Also start a second gas .
Keep making hydras for a while ...
You most likely will not end the game with this , but thats possible too if he 's careless .
Start a lair when you have spare gas , and if you have plenty of spare gas make hydra range and double evolution chambers for ugprades ( even tho you make hydras for now , you will still upgrade melee attack instead of missile ) .
Also , this would be a good time to make more drones if some of your expansions do not have enough and expo again .
Once your lair pops out make ovie speed , lurker aspect , and if not already , zergling speed .
Keep making units , and keep him contained for now .
Watch out for high templars though .
If you 're not able to keep him contained , at least make sure he doesnt get expansions for free , or if you do n't think you can stop him , take an expansion or two yourself .
Let 's suppose he did n't break out of your hydra contain .
Once your lurker aspect finishes , morph as many hydras to lurkers as possible .
Start a lurker contain , and have some overlords close by .
This is a bit different from the previous lurker contain because this time you may not be using scourges at all .
Instead , the moment your overlord spots an observer , you move in with your hydras and focusfire on it and instantly run away , while brining more units and teching up , upgrading , etc. remember to make a lot of lurkers .
You can also bring scourges but its semi-optional .
3 or 4 hat muta build :
Basically you start off the same as if you 're going the lurker build I explained before ( 4 hatch and gas instantly after fourth hatch ) except that instead of evolution chamber , you will be making a a lair .
( you can also start gas after third hatchery , but you will have slightly worse economy then )
Also make a speed after that , and start your second gas .
If you wish , you can make an evolution chamber for carapace now as well .
If you do it now , It MIGHT get in time .
The good thing about this build is that you will be able to get a good amount of drones , a good economy , and its rather safe and basic build overall .
Another good thing is that they might not predict this build as mutalisks since this will be so late .
However , because this IS so late , they will have archon(s ) and high templars with storm , and POSSIBLY 1 - 2 cannons , and thus it might not deal a huge load of damage .
That wo n't necessarily make your situation worse though , since you have good economy .
Meanwhile you have two options :
Either you make mass hydra and use mutas to kill off his high templars , or you go with the ' safe ' thing which would be lurker tech .
Remember to add a second evo and possibly tech up while taking a new expansion while doing this build .
The danger of going mass hydra after this build is that if you 're actually not able to take his high templars or if your macro screwed up , he will just be able to run over you unless you have good micro .
That 's why its risky .
So most of the time I 'd just make lurker / ling / muta / scourge at this point , and using overlords with speed to pick off any observers with both muta and scourge .
Try and set a lurker contain if possible using mutas / scourges to pick off observers as long as possible .
5 hatchery mass : ( only vs protoss fe )
Basically you can do this when you start off with almost anything , but personally I 'd recommend that you start off with a pool build , either 9 , 9 overpool , or 12 pool .
This way you can kill his scouting probe so he will be wondering a bit what you 're doing , you will be safe from rushes , and you will force him to cannon up a bit and delaying his nexus and gateways and so on .
After your first lings expand , and then just keep making drones and adding hatcheries .
Add your third hatchery to your second expansion .
Once you have 5 hatcheries you take both of your gasses .
While making more drones .
This build is very strong for several reasons ;
You can make a huge amount of lings any time since you will have so many hatcheries so you wont have trouble with early attacks .
You will also have so many hatcheries that in just a few moments all your expansions will be running at full speed .
In any case , with this build you have two good options :
Either you go mass hydra , which gives you a strong mid game but weaker late game , or just go mass ling / lurker to fast ultra which is sort of weak mid game but strong late game .
The ling / lurker to fast hive / ultra also requires more gaming sense , while the hydra is something almost anyone can do .
If you decided to go with hydra :
make a hydra den when you have the gas , once it pops out you do hydralisk speed and start full hydralisk pump from 5 hatcheries .
By this point all your expansions will have plenty of drones and you will just be able to pump hydras from 5 hatcheries .
Just keep pumping hydras , also get range once speed finishes .
The reason this is so strong is that even if the toss went 6 gateway mass speed zealots he cant do a thing about it .
You will have 3 times the hydras and they will just die .
They can't expand either , but if they do you can just run over the expansions with pure mass .
If he gets careless at all , you can just run over his whole base if he doesnt have enough cannons / storm .
Basically the only good thing he can do is cannon up , make high templars rather quick , and gather up his army , and then burst out .
Which really is n't a bad thing for him since at that point he can cast storm so many times that hydras wont do much , therefore if that DOES happen the zerg has to stop making hydras for a while , tech up , and get dual evo upgrades while taking an expansion or two and maybe a few more drones before continuing unit pump again .
Naturally they have to make lurkers as well and all .
Then it becomes gaming sense / macro battle .
The reason why this build isnt so strong at this point is that the zerg wont have as good upgrades , and thus toss doesnt even need that many units .
Secondly , zerg wont have hive tech , and he wont have cracklings or ultras whatsoever , he only has to beat tosses army with pure mass pretty much , which can be hard .
Especially if zerg wasnt able to contain the toss .
If you decided to go with ling / lurker -> fast ultra
Basically with this ling build as well you will have extremely strong economy , and a huge amount of lings .
Even if toss makes a zealot rush , it shouldnt be a big problem because there will be 4 lings to each zealot , unless the toss did some 5/6 gateway mass zealot thing , in which case you have to sunken up .
Basically it goes like this ;
5 hatcheries
dual gas
dual evolution chamber and hydra den
lair , also ling speed and dual carapace / melee
make a few hydras so you can kill off corsair harass
also at this point or a bit before you need to start making lings .
Besides , all your expansions should have plenty of drones .
Also make ovie speed / lurker aspect upgrade when possible .
also make a queens nest for hive / crackling / ultras .
Keep making lings .
He will probably either try to take an expo , or attack with his stuff , which you should n't have any problem stopping .
After you 've got some lings up you can expo pretty freely I 'd say .
Also , since you will be doing so heavy ling build and only quite few lurkers , you will have a lot of money and that means a lot of unit production hatcheries .
You will have so many lings that you shouldnt have any problems if you sacrifice even 20 lings to stop his expansions from time to time .
But basically , you cant let him expo now .
You wont have enough lurkers and your ultras wont be up yet , so you need to make sure he doesnt get many expoes when the game gets to late game .
Once you start to get more ultra / ling you should be quite safe .
The mass ling / hydra / lurker / defiler
This is n't a very common build mainly because it needs very good macro to work well and not bad micro so that your hydras and lurkers wont be wasted to few psionic storms .
Basically you can do this even if you started with anything , you just need to start 3 evolution chambers rather early and getting all ling / hydra upgrades .
That includes getting cracklings as well .
You need defilers later on , but they 're not in as big of a hurry .
You 're basically gonna be making a huge load of hydra / ling and lurkers with any spare gas that you have , having total map control and superior upgrades over your opponent , totally swarming him .
Later on with defilers you will plague his army and use dark swarm and lings / lurkers to your advantage against expansion cannons , dragoons , and archons .
Later on you should switch to ultra ling hydra though .
That 's pretty much it for the ZvP part .
I 'll still list the goals for each time of the game .
Early game :
The goal is to survive , keep your tech hidden as well as possible , get an expansion ( or against fast expansion 2 exps ) up , and get as good economy as possible .
Mid game :
The goal is to not let your opponent take any free hidden expansions .
You need to make sure his probes didnt sneak to cannon up a ramp or choke and so on .
This is quite important .
You also need to get your tech up and running , make sure you 're not too inferior upgrade - wise , have good economy , and start massing units .
Late game :
The goal is to outexpand your opponent and take down his expansions while protecting your own .
You want to have ultras , lings , defilers and so on and several hatcheries pumping units non stop .
You need to keep map control , and you can not let your opponent to get any expansions for free .
You also got to be aware of his late game tech , which could be arbiters , corsair / dt , or reavers .
Or possibly just mass archons which is extremely deadly .
pros :
May catch opponent off guard , forces him to make more and faster defense , you have defense for any kind of rush , pretty much.cons : not too great early economy ( not THAT bad either , but still ) ( Another variation of this build would be to keep the extractor and make zergling speed early on , making it even more powerful of a rush , or if it fails , you can use zergling speed to stop any scouting units with ease .
However , this takes a lot more money , and it might not be quite as good in some cases for that reason ) 9/9 drones9/9 spawning pool9/9 drones9/9 overlord 10/ 9 extractor trick ( take a drone , morph it to extractor , build another drone , and then cancel the extractor and you have 10/9 drones13/17 zerglingspressure with lings unless he already has defense you cant easily break up .
If he has 2 zealots at ramp ( 2 gate build by protoss ) , dont attack .
Leave them at his choke point so you can see the moment he moves out , and kill and scouts they might send .
Same goes if they make fast expo and have 2 cannons up , or probes blocking the way and 1 cannon .
if its only 1 cannon , then attack with the zerglings .
you should still have 3 - 4 lings left after finishing off the cannon .
If you 're confident with your multitasking and micro , you might want to keep sending zerglings and finish the game right there and then , or atleast gain a huge advantage , or just settle with dealing some damage to gain a small advantage while pumping drones yourself , gaining superior economy .
This is what I usually prefer to do .
Instead of taking a huge risk of just keeping on , why not leave it at that and take a huge lead ?
Of course I dont give up the very moment im about to gain the advantage , you keep going on for a moment , but remember to not get too greedy .
now there are different ways of continuing after making the lings etc ...
You can possibly make an ultra fast spire to completely catch him off guard , especially if you dealt some damage with your lings , or perhaps 3 hatchery zerglings to simply mass over him , though it pretty much only works if he made an fast expansion .
Another option is to just continue safe and normal , making an expansion after you make your lings , keep making drones , and after you have enough money , make a third hatchery .
If he made an fast expansion , make the third hatchery to a new expansion spot in most cases .
pros : better economy than 9 pool , able to defend against rushes pretty well .
Cons : a bit slow hatcheries , 5 - 10 seconds slower than 9 pool ( just like in 9 pool , in overpool you can build a gas at 10 supply as well to make ling speed . ) 9/9 drones ( ninth drone to scout ) 9/9 overlord11 / 17 dronesexpand when you have the money , send a drone beforehand , 14or15 / 17 lings ( thats 8 or 10 lings ) .
You will make lings appropriately depending on his build order and army size when needed , of course .
You will use these lings to either shut him down if he 's going 14 nexus fast expand , or if he 's playing safe just kill his scouting probe and bring lings to choke to see when he moves out etc.17/17 dronesmake a third hatchery somewhat over here .
If you dont have the money yet , just make it when you do .
If he fast expanded place it to your second expansion .
17or18/18 overlord ( im supposing that your second hatch already popped out ) 18/18 dronesmake a sunken colony now , it will kill scouting probes and since you 're 18/18 anyway you will have to wait a while for the overlord to finish .
This way you will be able to build another drone and no larva is wasted Make a fourth hatchery when you have spare money while keeping on making drones and doing w/e tech you wishpros : VERY fast lings , kills almost any protoss fast expansion unless they 're aware of it early on or map distances are large , gives a rather good economy even though you wouldnt expect it , you can also laugh your ass off at idiots who whine after the game for being stupid enough not to realize its potentialCons :
If it fails miserably you will have hard time , if he makes gateways instead of normal fast expand you will have very hard time , or if he finds out about it almost instantly you will have a hard time .
This build order is extremely underestimated , however , it only works on maps which you 'd expect the toss to fast expand .
6/9 spawning pool6/ 9 drones , send 1 to scout .
9/9 lingsdo the extractor trick and morph 2 more lingsattack with the lings and make an overlord when you have the money .
Once your ovie pops out you make a few more drones and after that expo when you have the money .
More drones and third hatch to second expo if he fe'd .
Even more drones and do w/e you wish .
I 'd recommend 4 hatch start with this build tho .
Make lings and sunks when needed .
The micro with lings : vs fe:when your lings arrive his cannons most likely will not be up yet , but they should be up rather soon .
If they 're not up and you 're pretty sure you could kill them , go for it .
If he has pulled several probes to block / kill your lings , see if there 's a path which you could use to run to his main before cannons pop out .
If there is no such path , use right click to make your lings attack 1 probe at a time .
This is the thing , really , his cannons will most likely pop out before you could kill them or run past if this is the case , which it will be in most cases , but with this build you will kill like , at least 6 probes of his before the cannons actually come out .
That will slow him down so much that you wont even be behind .
Since you did a fast rush like this he will be completely paranoid and playing extra safe making his economy even worse , while you 're just making drones .
Even if you dont do well at all with this build , you should be able to do well enough that you wont be behind , but very few actually understand this .
Vs 1/2 gateway : in the case that protoss went 1 /2 gateway build and you went 6 pool , you wont be having any instant win moments like you might have when fighting against fast expansion .
However , your goal is to deal as much damage as possible .
Your lings should arrive around the same time that his first zealot pops out .
If he knows a bit what he 's doing , he should have pulled around 7 probes or so to help that zealot while building a new one .
Now , you CANNOT fight this army head on .
You got to wait till they 're in some sort of a line and scattered around , and then pick off lone probes one at a time .
If he gets careless at any moment and his zealot gets separated , surround it and kill it .
If you 're able to do this , it might be gg already .
Vs 1 gateway you will have far easier time than 2 gateway because if he went 1 gateway you wont have to fight a big counterattack after the rush , and he wont have that many zealots to chase your lings .
In any case , try to kill off as many probes as possible .
Possibly destroy the pylon that powers the gateway if you feel like it would be good and you have the chance to do so .12 pool : pros : quite safe against rushes , just overall good economy , most likely able to kill scouting probe before it sees anything bigcons : your lings most likely wont be able to deal any sort of damage , not quite as good economy as 12 hat , balancing drones and lings might get troublesome against rush builds your enemy makes . ( like in 9 pool or overpool , you can make an extractor after your spawning pool , but in that case you wont have quite as good economy etc. ) 9/9 drones , send ninth drone to scout9/ 9 overlord 12 / 17 drones 12 pool ( either gas here or gas later ) 12 drone12 hatchery at expansion ( unless he 's doing proxy gates or some weird stuff ) 14/17 6 lings ( you can make a few more if you wish / need ) 17/17 dronesthird hatch around here unless you 're going very fast tech to spire or lurkersoverlord around here toomore drones , possibly place a sunken colonyw / e you wish now .
( of course not random shit ) pros : just about best possible economy for early game zerg , quite safe if you save larva for lings , very standard build ( perhaps most popular too ) cons : your opponent can play a bit risky and does n't have to watch out for anything , can have trouble fighting against proxy gates or really fast gates9 drones9 overlord 12 drones2nd hat at expansions11 pool 12 droneseither you make a gas here if you 're going for fast tech , or later .
If you make gas here , your third hatchery wont be yet .13/14 third hat to second expo if he fe'dmake 6 - 10 lingsdrones till 17/18a new overlord at 17/18 you can build sunken colony here if you wishcontinue with w/e tech / unit buildpros :
You get to fast expand , you 're VERY safe from almost anything , even fast gateways , you will get extremely fast 10 lings which will kill your opponent if he 's careless .
Cons : not quite as good economy , have to think more about things , and balancing your economy out may be troublesome .
10/9 drones ( extractor trick ) send 2 drones to your expansion after your tenth drone pops out , build an hatchery and send the other one to scout ( doing it this way makes it easier to build the hatchery if his worker comes on the way ) 10/9 spawning pool ( yes , extractor trick again ) 9/9 overlord 10/ 9 extractor trick againsave larva for lings when your pool pops out .
You will be able to bring 10 lings at a time , and if your opponent went 14 nexus fast expand you might be able to kill him off if he 's careless .
After this you just keep making drones and overlord when you cant make more drones , also make third hatch when you have the money ( to second exp if he fe'd )
Keep making more drones and tech when you wish etc. ( ofc not too late ) I will skip 3 and 4 hatchery before pool builds against protoss fast expo since it 's really difficult to balance out the drones and lings well enough for it to work .
Once you 're better you can find out yourself , or if you 're already better you know of it already and know how to do it ) Basically , you make gas around same time you start your lings or around the time you do the 10/9 trick , except that instead of doing the trick , you make it to the end .
Start mining gas from the geyser , around the time you make your first lings , you should also have around 100/ 100 extra ... make ling speed with those .
Now keep making a few lings so that you can add a bit more pressure , and once you have enough money , make a lair .
Also make some more drones at this point .
If he has a good defense up ( 3 cannons or so , or zealots blocking the ramp ) do n't try to get in and waste your units .
If he has less defense , feel free to try and run in and kill whatever stuff you can .
After that , it depends if he expects mutalisks or not .
Now , it 's ESPECIALLY important that he cant scout you at ANY point of the game .
Very important .
If he does , it 's obvious you 're making a fast lair , and its over .
You cant deal damage anymore after that .
Keeping it secret is hard , and if you 're too secretive and seem to be missing something , he will become suspicious , so this is hard to pull off .
depends how much extra money you have , but make your second hatchery to the expansion , after your mutas the LATEST ( you should have money for it earlier too , anyway ) .
This build is very risky and its basically all - in .
If you deal a lot of damage , good for you , if you dont , you 've lost the game .
Second hatchery to your expansion , and third to second expansion .
Basically you keep making zerglings with speed , and after you have around 24 + , depending of his defense , you attack .
Now , it 's also very important that he does n't know about this .
If he does , it 's over .
It 's easy for him to make 4 - 5 cannons an a few zealots and probes , and there 's nothing you can do .
And again , this only might work against fast expand .
or atleast , then it has highest chance of working .
Otherwise it 's quite easy to block the ramp and build a cannon or two and its hard to get through unless he becomes careless .
Basically this build is making a very fast hydralisk den with 2 or 3 hatcheries and having rather few drones and spending all of the money on hydralisks and their upgrades .
This works best against fast expand .
Basically if your opponent is able to scout this , you will most likely lose since he will just canno up and you will have far inferior of an economy .
However , if he cant predict in time you might be able to just run over him .
The ' safe ' builds : Instead of going for a fast cheese build , you can just play it safe , stop ling production after first 6 - 10 unless he 's adding a huge load of pressure with zealots , take an expansion pretty soon afterwards , and maybe throw in another hatchery while making drones .
If he started off with a 2 gate build or so and you feel like he 's making a lot of zealots or something along the lines , you may want to place a sunken colony early on , and maybe make a creep colony or two beforehand if you 're quite sure he will be attacking soon .
Just making an creep colony saves money and they morph to sunken colonies extremely fast , so you will be safe this way .
However , do n't forget that each sunken colony costs you 175 minerals ( you lose a drone ) and if we take to account how much money that drone could gather , it means you lose about 200 minerals for each sunken colony you make , so you should be aware of this and weigh the options .
Basically you have 4 decent options along with a few less common builds which you can figure out later yourself .
You probably wont need em for a while .
The zerg , unlike the protoss , can make a million different variations of each build , and its the same over here .
They can for example either make a quick lair straight after second hatch and maybe even add drop ugprade coming as well , or they can just start lair a bit after their thitd hatch in which case they will have good economy , able to fight fast pressure builds without things getting complicated , spare money for additional things like upgrades , lings , and maybe even another epxansion , and so on .
Once again you have to weigh the options and look at whats happened so far in the game .
If you think it will work out , then you can go for it , but going for it when its just been a basic game so far and both are playing safe is usually not worth it .
Thats why I 'd recommend safe builds for you now .
The lurker tech : Let us suppose we 're playing safe .
First off , think what your opponent has done , did he fast expand or is he still in his base , doing either 1 or 2 gate build or something .
If he fast expanded you gain a huge load if you can make a quicker carapace than your opponent can make an +1 weapons , since if the protoss only has +1 he will kill zerglings with 2 hits , but if the zerg has a carapace upgrade it will take three hits .
You may have noticed that progamers rarely rush to quite quick evolution chambers , but I recommend that you still try to get a quicker upgrade than your opponent because you do n't have progamer gaming sense , micro , macro , or timings , and thus not making the upgrade will punish you a lot more .
Okay , you KNOW he 's getting a quicker upgrade , that 's fine , you just have to play a bit different .
For example now making slow tech and making a lot of lings could be bad since his zealots are like , twice stronger than before against your lings .
So either you make fast tech or you go hydra .
That 's what I usually do anyway .
In this case we 're talking about lurker tech .
In any case , you should start your lair pretty quickly after your third hatch , either with the upgrade before or after the lair , however you fancy and feel .
It also depends on how much spare money and gas you have .
Your scouting ovies or lings / drones should have seen if they 're making a stargate or just templar tech .
If he did a stargate first , you might want to place your hydralisk den a bit beforehand , for example right after you start your lair so you can save as many overlords as possible .
Otherwise you will be fine with starting it when your lair is about 50 % done .
Also start your second gas around the same time you start your lurker aspect upgrade .
Since you most likely have been just making drones till now , you should be having somewhat nice number of them around already .
You should start ling production at this point .
Remember to also add your fourth hatch when you have the money .
If you dont have a second expansion yet , you could add it there .
Keep making lings and make a bit of hydralisks beforehand so that the instant you get lurker aspect you can morph around 6 lurkers or so .
Now , you should be watching out for a few things .
First off , if he 's making some sort of a zealot rush , you should be defending your expansions and making sure that you know where his army is and when .
Bring your lurkers to help if needed , and sunken up , but dont overdo it .
If your army can already beat his army as it is , no point wasting money on sunken colonies .
You only add them if you believe you cannot beat his army otherwise or you 'd have trouble defending your expansions .
I recommend starting a spire after your first lurkers pop out too .
Also make overlord speed when you have the money .
Now , he SHOULD be in his base , and he most likely has his natural .
There are a few things you need to look out for .
First off , could he have observers yet , and second , how many cannons does he have and at what locations .
If you think you will be able to destroy his cannons and he doesnt have observers , go for it .
If you 're able to do this , its pretty much gg since there 's not much he can do against your lurkers when he has no detection .
However , you should n't do this uselessly .
If you think you might not be able to pull it off , dont try .
If you lose your army at this point , especially if you started off with lurkers , you will also lose your map control , he might be free to take another expansion , and your army will most likely be inferior overall .
Let 's suppose you did NOT attack .
You should spread your lurkers at his choke point so that he wont get more than 1 - 2 with a storm .
Also bring some overlords close by so no dark templars will sneak by , and you will be able to see if he has observers and so on .
If you 're making a spire like I recommended , using scourges to kill off harassing shuttles and killing observers will slow him down a lot .
Also , make double evolution chamber , if you have n't already .
Upgrade carapace and melee attack , since thats what you will need in late game and probably the best now too .
Expand and make more unit production hatcheries with your spare money .
Also keep making more units and bringing more and more lurkers to the choke point , making it harder for him to pass by every moment .
Also make a queens nest for hive .
Now , since you 're making a lurker block you have to be extra careful not to suddenly lose everything for free because you 're putting a huge part of your game on this build .
Basically the goal is to keep him in base long enough for you to get hive tech and even ultralisks if possible .
Adrenal glands for zerglings improve them two fold , so its important not to make too late hive in ZvP .
Also , once he breaks out you also have to make sure that he will lose a large portion of his army too , because if he doesnt he can just run over you .
Usually at this point every zerg has to sunken up his main and exps appropriately .
Also , if you 've kept him in his main a decent time , his mineral will be close to running out , so its especially important to stop him for getting new expansions without trouble .
starting off with either pool build or 12 hatchery fast expand , it doesnt really matter .
Also fast third hatchery to second expo .
Keep making drones and make a fourth hatchery when you have the money , also start a gas the moment you start your fourth hatchery .
If you made a pool build , start it a bit before your fourth .
Also make some lings when spawning pool pops out .
Keep making drones and start to gather gas .
Make an evolution chamber when you start gathering ags as well , and as fast carapace as possible .
With this build your opponent most likely will NOT have faster upgrade than you .
Keep gathering gas and making more drones , also make lair and ling speed when you have the gas .
Start a second gas after ling speed .
Make a hydralisk den when lair is at 50 % .
You should now dedicate around 3 hatcheries for ling production , while one hatchery makes drones .
You can also make ovie speed , second evolution chamber , and spire when you have spare money .
With this build you will have faster upgrade , and you will have enough lings to kill off ANY rush he makes , even if its something like 6 gateways mass speed zealot rush .
You can also expand again once you have a decent amount of lings .
Especially once you fend off his attack .
Once your lurkers come , set a lurker block and use lings as well to keep him away and check for any exps .
Keep adding units and make hive as well .
Possibly expand once again after a while .
This is basically making 4 hatcheries and a gas a bit after the fourth hatchery .
Of course making drones all the time before this besides for the few lings .
And if he fast expanded , you place third hatch to second expo .
Once you have the gas you make a hydralisk den , start hydra speed and start making hydralisks .
Also start a second gas .
Keep making hydras for a while ...
You most likely will not end the game with this , but thats possible too if he 's careless .
Start a lair when you have spare gas , and if you have plenty of spare gas make hydra range and double evolution chambers for ugprades ( even tho you make hydras for now , you will still upgrade melee attack instead of missile ) .
Also , this would be a good time to make more drones if some of your expansions do not have enough and expo again .
Once your lair pops out make ovie speed , lurker aspect , and if not already , zergling speed .
Keep making units , and keep him contained for now .
Watch out for high templars though .
If you 're not able to keep him contained , at least make sure he doesnt get expansions for free , or if you do n't think you can stop him , take an expansion or two yourself .
Let 's suppose he did n't break out of your hydra contain .
Once your lurker aspect finishes , morph as many hydras to lurkers as possible .
Start a lurker contain , and have some overlords close by .
This is a bit different from the previous lurker contain because this time you may not be using scourges at all .
Instead , the moment your overlord spots an observer , you move in with your hydras and focusfire on it and instantly run away , while brining more units and teching up , upgrading , etc. remember to make a lot of lurkers .
You can also bring scourges but its semi-optional .
Basically you start off the same as if you 're going the lurker build I explained before ( 4 hatch and gas instantly after fourth hatch ) except that instead of evolution chamber , you will be making a a lair .
( you can also start gas after third hatchery , but you will have slightly worse economy then )
Also make a speed after that , and start your second gas .
If you wish , you can make an evolution chamber for carapace now as well .
If you do it now , It MIGHT get in time .
The good thing about this build is that you will be able to get a good amount of drones , a good economy , and its rather safe and basic build overall .
Another good thing is that they might not predict this build as mutalisks since this will be so late .
However , because this IS so late , they will have archon(s ) and high templars with storm , and POSSIBLY 1 - 2 cannons , and thus it might not deal a huge load of damage .
That wo n't necessarily make your situation worse though , since you have good economy .
Meanwhile you have two options :
Either you make mass hydra and use mutas to kill off his high templars , or you go with the ' safe ' thing which would be lurker tech .
Remember to add a second evo and possibly tech up while taking a new expansion while doing this build .
The danger of going mass hydra after this build is that if you 're actually not able to take his high templars or if your macro screwed up , he will just be able to run over you unless you have good micro .
That 's why its risky .
So most of the time I 'd just make lurker / ling / muta / scourge at this point , and using overlords with speed to pick off any observers with both muta and scourge .
Try and set a lurker contain if possible using mutas / scourges to pick off observers as long as possible .
Basically you can do this when you start off with almost anything , but personally I 'd recommend that you start off with a pool build , either 9 , 9 overpool , or 12 pool .
This way you can kill his scouting probe so he will be wondering a bit what you 're doing , you will be safe from rushes , and you will force him to cannon up a bit and delaying his nexus and gateways and so on .
After your first lings expand , and then just keep making drones and adding hatcheries .
Add your third hatchery to your second expansion .
Once you have 5 hatcheries you take both of your gasses .
While making more drones .
This build is very strong for several reasons ;
You can make a huge amount of lings any time since you will have so many hatcheries so you wont have trouble with early attacks .
You will also have so many hatcheries that in just a few moments all your expansions will be running at full speed .
In any case , with this build you have two good options : Either you go mass hydra , which gives you a strong mid game but weaker late game , or just go mass ling / lurker to fast ultra which is sort of weak mid game but strong late game .
The ling / lurker to fast hive / ultra also requires more gaming sense , while the hydra is something almost anyone can do .
If you decided to go with hydra : make a hydra den when you have the gas , once it pops out you do hydralisk speed and start full hydralisk pump from 5 hatcheries .
By this point all your expansions will have plenty of drones and you will just be able to pump hydras from 5 hatcheries .
Just keep pumping hydras , also get range once speed finishes .
The reason this is so strong is that even if the toss went 6 gateway mass speed zealots he cant do a thing about it .
You will have 3 times the hydras and they will just die .
They can't expand either , but if they do you can just run over the expansions with pure mass .
If he gets careless at all , you can just run over his whole base if he doesnt have enough cannons / storm .
Basically the only good thing he can do is cannon up , make high templars rather quick , and gather up his army , and then burst out .
Which really is n't a bad thing for him since at that point he can cast storm so many times that hydras wont do much , therefore if that DOES happen the zerg has to stop making hydras for a while , tech up , and get dual evo upgrades while taking an expansion or two and maybe a few more drones before continuing unit pump again .
Naturally they have to make lurkers as well and all .
Then it becomes gaming sense / macro battle .
The reason why this build isnt so strong at this point is that the zerg wont have as good upgrades , and thus toss doesnt even need that many units .
Secondly , zerg wont have hive tech , and he wont have cracklings or ultras whatsoever , he only has to beat tosses army with pure mass pretty much , which can be hard .
Especially if zerg wasnt able to contain the toss .
If you decided to go with ling / lurker -> fast ultraBasically with this ling build as well you will have extremely strong economy , and a huge amount of lings .
Even if toss makes a zealot rush , it shouldnt be a big problem because there will be 4 lings to each zealot , unless the toss did some 5/6 gateway mass zealot thing , in which case you have to sunken up .
Basically it goes like this ; 5 hatcheriesdual gasdual evolution chamber and hydra denlair , also ling speed and dual carapace / meleemake a few hydras so you can kill off corsair harassalso at this point or a bit before you need to start making lings .
Besides , all your expansions should have plenty of drones .
Also make ovie speed / lurker aspect upgrade when possible .
also make a queens nest for hive / crackling / ultras .
Keep making lings .
He will probably either try to take an expo , or attack with his stuff , which you should n't have any problem stopping .
After you 've got some lings up you can expo pretty freely I 'd say .
Also , since you will be doing so heavy ling build and only quite few lurkers , you will have a lot of money and that means a lot of unit production hatcheries .
You will have so many lings that you shouldnt have any problems if you sacrifice even 20 lings to stop his expansions from time to time .
But basically , you cant let him expo now .
You wont have enough lurkers and your ultras wont be up yet , so you need to make sure he doesnt get many expoes when the game gets to late game .
Once you start to get more ultra / ling you should be quite safe .
The mass ling / hydra / lurker / defiler
This is n't a very common build mainly because it needs very good macro to work well and not bad micro so that your hydras and lurkers wont be wasted to few psionic storms .
Basically you can do this even if you started with anything , you just need to start 3 evolution chambers rather early and getting all ling / hydra upgrades .
That includes getting cracklings as well .
You need defilers later on , but they 're not in as big of a hurry .
You 're basically gonna be making a huge load of hydra / ling and lurkers with any spare gas that you have , having total map control and superior upgrades over your opponent , totally swarming him .
Later on with defilers you will plague his army and use dark swarm and lings / lurkers to your advantage against expansion cannons , dragoons , and archons .
Later on you should switch to ultra ling hydra though .
That 's pretty much it for the ZvP part .
I 'll still list the goals for each time of the game .
Early game :
The goal is to survive , keep your tech hidden as well as possible , get an expansion ( or against fast expansion 2 exps ) up , and get as good economy as possible .
Mid game :
The goal is to not let your opponent take any free hidden expansions .
You need to make sure his probes didnt sneak to cannon up a ramp or choke and so on .
This is quite important .
You also need to get your tech up and running , make sure you 're not too inferior upgrade - wise , have good economy , and start massing units .
Late game :
The goal is to outexpand your opponent and take down his expansions while protecting your own .
You want to have ultras , lings , defilers and so on and several hatcheries pumping units non stop .
You need to keep map control , and you can not let your opponent to get any expansions for free .
You also got to be aware of his late game tech , which could be arbiters , corsair / dt , or reavers .
Or possibly just mass archons which is extremely deadly .
=======================
ZvT =========================
if in ZvP it is important to have good macro , then in ZvT aside from macro its important to have good timings / gaming senses .
Basically most of the opening build orders are same for terran and protoss , but there are a few changes and exceptions .
For example 6 pool is pretty much out of the question , and making a quick speed on ZvT is almost like making all in zerglings .
It 's far more risky , because if he blocks it , and why wouldnt he if he has firebats , stimpacks , medics , or scvs blocking , the game is just about over .
Making ling speed is fine , but not on the early game unless you plan on really swarming his first M&m attack , destroying his fast expo build , or something along the lines .
But basically thats almost all in , so you should n't do it too often unless you have a reason to do so .
Also , unlike ZvP , in ZvT you need faster tech , and you dont need as fast upgrades in general .
If your lurkers for example are too late against a decent terran , you wont be able to even move out properly , and not even expand once without it being taken out pretty quickly .
And if your mutas are too late , you wont deal any damage at all and his science vessel will be up pretty soon so the damage will be even smaller .
That being said , there are two ways to start an average ZvT game , either go lurkers , or go mutas .
However , there are very many variations of these .
Let 's go through them .
1 base build :
Basically this is all in build , you start off with a 9 pool speedlings , make very quick lair and very quick lurkers .
You try to deal as much damage as possible with the lings until your lurkers come out .
When they do come out you try to end the game .
If you 're not quite able to , take an expansion up while making drones / keeping adding more lurkers .
You might get a chance to break him once you have enough lurkers .
Against decent players you dont have too big of a chance of winning with this one unless you 're lucky
2 hatchery muta rush :
You either start off with a fast pool or 12 hat , make a very fast lair and speed for lings shortly after .
You also make a few drones meanwhile .
After a while you start making lings .
Start a spire when lair pops out , and when spire is 50 % start your second gas .
Otherwise you will have too few minerals that it will be useless to have extra gas .
With the speedlings that you have been making you try to deal as much damage as possible , killing his marines , destroying missile turrets that he might be making , and overall just slowing him down .
Remember to save a bit of money and larva for mutas when spire pops out .
When spire DOES pop out , you make your mutas and try to deal as much damage as possible with the harass .
Just make mutas and drones when you can .
You have to deal quite a bit of damage , because your own economy will be quite bad meanwhile that unless you can do the equivalent amount of damage or end the game , things will be bad .
Basically you either make fast guardians , or you continue with lurker build .
If you 've already dealed a lot of damage with mutas , and if you have several mutas left , it will be rather cheap and effective to actually just morph them to guardians .
In that case you need to bring scourges too to fight off wraiths / vessels though .
If this does n't end the game , you just have to hope you can continue the game with lurker / defiler / ling / scourge .
2 hatchery lurker build :
( first building timings almost same as 2 hat muta build )
Used in maybe 1/100 games or something .
This does n't give you a good economy , it might be hard to keep control of the game , and things might get otherwise complicated as well .
In this case you need to make drop as well , otherwise it will be too difficult to deal real damage .
But basically you use speedlings to slow him down , destroy marines , bunkers and so on , while making your hydralisks beforehand and possibly even bringing them to the middle of the map before the lurker upgrade finishes for faster lurkers .
If he does n't have bunkers ready by the time your lurkers arrive , you might win the game with that since your economy wont be downright horrible .
If he does have bunkers etc , your hope is that your drops will be succesful .
If that fails too , you might as well type gg but if you insist , you just have to keep making only drones and lurkers and expanding twice and hoping to outplay him .
3 hatchery mutas :
Works best if you start off with a 12 hatch fast expo , but it works with 12 pool / 9 pool as well .
Basically , make your expansion after whatever you 've been doing , either lings , pool , or just drones .
Whatever you began with .
Make a few drones and make your third hatchery .
The same time you start your third hatch you also start your first gas .
Make lings if you havent already so you can kill his scout and see when he 's moving out etc .
Make some more drones and possibly place a sunken colony so you 'll make sure he does n't sneak an scv scout behind your back .
Make your lair as quickly as possible , and keep making drones .
When your lair is about 50 % done , start your second gas .
You may also start ling speed around this time if you have not already .
Just keep making drones for now .
You may place an hydralisk den somewhere to mislead him , and then place you spire to another spot .
This might buy you quite a bit of time .
Around the time you start your spire you should be having enough drones at both of your bases , so you can start ling production .
Once your spire is about 1/ 3 done make a few overlords so you will have around 20 or more free supply by the time your spire pops out .
At this point you also need to save larva .
If you did n't have to sunken up , you should have enough money for a fourth hatchery , which you should place at another gas expansion .
If he 's been moving out with M&m , you might want to sneak the drone beforehand so you wont delay it .
Once you start your first 9 mutas you should also start a hydralisk den for lurker aspect .
Your lurkers can not be too late .
You have to contain him before he can move out when your mutas cannot keep him in his base anymore .
Anyway , once your you 've started your hydra den , start 2 more mutas so you will have 11 alltogether .
Go and harass with your 9 mutas and add 2 mutas to that group when they pop Pick off any lone marines , scvs building missile turrets , scvs in general , lone missile turrets , and so on .
One thing you need to remember that if he has huge clumps of marines , do not attack .
Wait for them to be in a disadvantageous position or in a line or just scattered .
This is when the pros attack as well ( sometimes they get greedy , and if you look closely , thats EXACTLY when they lose a lot of mutas ) .
If you see a flaw in his defense you may bring your lings to deal some extra damage .
Also , remember to make hydras in time so you can start lurkers the moment your upgrade finishes .
Also remember to make a third expansion when you have the money , as well as a fourth unit production hatchery .
Also send 2 lurkers to your expansions choke points so m&m alone cannot take them down .
Start an evolution chamber or two while making lurkers and lings and contain him in his base till he gets science vessels .
If you have several mutas left from your harass , you can place an queen nest already for hive .
That way when you get a greater spire you can make guardians very cheaply .
It 's almost free .
Also , unless you have all your 3 expansions left and map control , you will need defilers before ultras .
However , if your attacks and / or pressure has been succesful , you may be able to go ultras first .
Use scourge on dropships and science vessels though to delay him even further .
Remember , do NOT waste your units .
He 's attacking your lurkers with siege tanks ?
Retreat , unless you know you will overwhelm him .
In ZvT especially its very important to keep absolute map control .
You will need to know where your opponent is and when , how big of an army he has , and if your army could beat him , and even more , at what place your army can fight his army .
You will have to look for the correct timing when to fight his army .
In any case , just keep gathering up your army , protecting your expoes and looking for the correct time to attack while getting hive tech .
Usually defilers first and then ulra .
3 hatch lurkers :
Kind of same stuff as in 3 hatch muta except that you make lurkers in stead of mutas first , and you probably can't expo before you move out .
Basically , make your three hatcheries and so on while making a few lings and drones .
Once your supply is around 16 / 17 take one gas .
Make a few more drones and start an overlord .
You may also start a sunken over here .
Make a lair when you have enough gas and keep making drones .
When your lair is about 50 % done make hydralisk den , also make zergling speed .
Now , you have two options .
Either you make lurker drop , in which case you have to take a new gas right now , or you can just make normal lurkers and possibly add a carapace sooner , in which case you will take the gas around same time your lair finishes .
In the case of lurker drop I recommend making hydralisk den instantly after you start lair so you can make a few hydra beforehand and sneak them around the map before the terran m&m contain comes so your drop wont be slowed down .
It 's sort of optional , but it works sometimes .
Anyway , once you start your lurker aspect you should be having quite a few drones already , so you need to start producing lings .
Remember to make several hydra beforehand so your lurkers wont be slowed down .
You might be able to swarm your opponents m&m army before your lurkers even come , but if he has a larger than average army or firebats , I would n't take the risk .
In any case , once you get your lurkers , take your army and move out , drive the terran out of your way and back to his base .
He can't really do much else .
Also expand once or twice now , however you fancy and have money for .
Keep making lurkers while you make a few more drones what your main / natural may have been missing .
Also make a spire for scourge so dropships and vessels wont be a trouble .
If you have n't started upgrades yet , make a double evolution chamber now .
You have two choices now .
Either you depend more on your superior macro , add a new hatchery and just mass out your opponent for first 1 - 2 attacks , or you add a queens nest for quick hive and defilers .
Either way you need to expand again if you have n't already .
And even if you did go for macro style , you still need to make queens nest pretty soon for defilers and / or ultralisks .
Basically try to keep your expoes while taking more of them , massing up more if possible and getting defilers .
Once you get defilers defending against him will become easier though you have multitask twice as much as before .
Try to drive him to his base .
Later on just go ultra / ling / defiler / scourge
double expo vs 14 or 18 CC terran FE :
Ok this zerg build I thought of myself , though some other people may have used before me .
It 's sort of tricky , so if you have trouble balancing your drones / army in general , I do n't recommend it .
Start off with 12 hatchery fe , make 11 pool , and 14 hatchery to SECOND EXPANSION .
Make a few lings and then make a gas .
Try to hide your second expo as well as possible , make a sunken colony early if you need to , because if he finds out about it before he even starts his CC , he can just not do it , but instead add 2 - 3 more barrackses and run over you .
The good thing about this build is that it wont give terran any sort of economical advantage , the bad thing is that it 's very macro heavy and needs a bit of experience to pull off well .
Anyway , start a fourth hatchery once you have the spare money , keep making drones and make a lair first and then ling speed when you have the money / gas .
Also start a hydralisk den when lair is at 50 % .
Remember to make a sunken colony or two to your second expo , and start making lings .
All of your expoes CANNOT have enough drones yet , but you still have to know the correct time to start massing speedlings , which is why this build is tricky .
Either you start making them when he moves out which could be before , or you start making them now .
I recommend something like 1 hatchery for drones , and the rest for speedlings .
Once he moves out , prepare your lings for a flank and absolutely rape his army .
Remember to make hydras for lurkers before hand .
Once you get your first lurkers , start a second gas ( and third in some maps ) and an evolution chamber for carapace .
Contain him inside his base with lurkers , take another expansion yourself , start making another evolution chamber , tech up , make a spire , maybe add another hatchery for units and maybe a few more drones if some of your epxansions dont have enough .
The just continue to mass lurkers and lings .
It 's all about your macro and flanking and attack timings right now , and its pretty much the same as with 3 hat lurkers , so gl .
Early game goals :
Survive , find out what he 's doing , get up as good economy as your build allows , not too late tech , hide your tech as well as possible .
Mid game goals :
Get another working expansion or two , survive his first 1 - 2 attack while being able to keep your expansions , tech up and start upgrades now the latest .
Late game goals :
Do not let him expand for free , get a lot of your own expansions and protect them , and stop his attacks .
Also get ultraling .
if in ZvP it is important to have good macro , then in ZvT aside from macro its important to have good timings / gaming senses .
Basically most of the opening build orders are same for terran and protoss , but there are a few changes and exceptions .
For example 6 pool is pretty much out of the question , and making a quick speed on ZvT is almost like making all in zerglings .
It 's far more risky , because if he blocks it , and why wouldnt he if he has firebats , stimpacks , medics , or scvs blocking , the game is just about over .
Making ling speed is fine , but not on the early game unless you plan on really swarming his first M&m attack , destroying his fast expo build , or something along the lines .
But basically thats almost all in , so you should n't do it too often unless you have a reason to do so .
Also , unlike ZvP , in ZvT you need faster tech , and you dont need as fast upgrades in general .
If your lurkers for example are too late against a decent terran , you wont be able to even move out properly , and not even expand once without it being taken out pretty quickly .
And if your mutas are too late , you wont deal any damage at all and his science vessel will be up pretty soon so the damage will be even smaller .
That being said , there are two ways to start an average ZvT game , either go lurkers , or go mutas .
However , there are very many variations of these .
Let 's go through them .
1 base build : Basically this is all in build , you start off with a 9 pool speedlings , make very quick lair and very quick lurkers .
You try to deal as much damage as possible with the lings until your lurkers come out .
When they do come out you try to end the game .
If you 're not quite able to , take an expansion up while making drones / keeping adding more lurkers .
You might get a chance to break him once you have enough lurkers .
Against decent players you dont have too big of a chance of winning with this one unless you 're lucky You either start off with a fast pool or 12 hat , make a very fast lair and speed for lings shortly after .
You also make a few drones meanwhile .
After a while you start making lings .
Start a spire when lair pops out , and when spire is 50 % start your second gas .
Otherwise you will have too few minerals that it will be useless to have extra gas .
With the speedlings that you have been making you try to deal as much damage as possible , killing his marines , destroying missile turrets that he might be making , and overall just slowing him down .
Remember to save a bit of money and larva for mutas when spire pops out .
When spire DOES pop out , you make your mutas and try to deal as much damage as possible with the harass .
Just make mutas and drones when you can .
You have to deal quite a bit of damage , because your own economy will be quite bad meanwhile that unless you can do the equivalent amount of damage or end the game , things will be bad .
Basically you either make fast guardians , or you continue with lurker build .
If you 've already dealed a lot of damage with mutas , and if you have several mutas left , it will be rather cheap and effective to actually just morph them to guardians .
In that case you need to bring scourges too to fight off wraiths / vessels though .
If this does n't end the game , you just have to hope you can continue the game with lurker / defiler / ling / scourge . ( first building timings almost same as 2 hat muta build ) Used in maybe 1/100 games or something .
This does n't give you a good economy , it might be hard to keep control of the game , and things might get otherwise complicated as well .
In this case you need to make drop as well , otherwise it will be too difficult to deal real damage .
But basically you use speedlings to slow him down , destroy marines , bunkers and so on , while making your hydralisks beforehand and possibly even bringing them to the middle of the map before the lurker upgrade finishes for faster lurkers .
If he does n't have bunkers ready by the time your lurkers arrive , you might win the game with that since your economy wont be downright horrible .
If he does have bunkers etc , your hope is that your drops will be succesful .
If that fails too , you might as well type gg but if you insist , you just have to keep making only drones and lurkers and expanding twice and hoping to outplay him .
Works best if you start off with a 12 hatch fast expo , but it works with 12 pool / 9 pool as well .
Basically , make your expansion after whatever you 've been doing , either lings , pool , or just drones .
Whatever you began with .
Make a few drones and make your third hatchery .
The same time you start your third hatch you also start your first gas .
Make lings if you havent already so you can kill his scout and see when he 's moving out etc .
Make some more drones and possibly place a sunken colony so you 'll make sure he does n't sneak an scv scout behind your back .
Make your lair as quickly as possible , and keep making drones .
When your lair is about 50 % done , start your second gas .
You may also start ling speed around this time if you have not already .
Just keep making drones for now .
You may place an hydralisk den somewhere to mislead him , and then place you spire to another spot .
This might buy you quite a bit of time .
Around the time you start your spire you should be having enough drones at both of your bases , so you can start ling production .
Once your spire is about 1/ 3 done make a few overlords so you will have around 20 or more free supply by the time your spire pops out .
At this point you also need to save larva .
If you did n't have to sunken up , you should have enough money for a fourth hatchery , which you should place at another gas expansion .
If he 's been moving out with M&m , you might want to sneak the drone beforehand so you wont delay it .
Once you start your first 9 mutas you should also start a hydralisk den for lurker aspect .
Your lurkers can not be too late .
You have to contain him before he can move out when your mutas cannot keep him in his base anymore .
Anyway , once your you 've started your hydra den , start 2 more mutas so you will have 11 alltogether .
Go and harass with your 9 mutas and add 2 mutas to that group when they pop Pick off any lone marines , scvs building missile turrets , scvs in general , lone missile turrets , and so on .
One thing you need to remember that if he has huge clumps of marines , do not attack .
Wait for them to be in a disadvantageous position or in a line or just scattered .
This is when the pros attack as well ( sometimes they get greedy , and if you look closely , thats EXACTLY when they lose a lot of mutas ) .
If you see a flaw in his defense you may bring your lings to deal some extra damage .
Also , remember to make hydras in time so you can start lurkers the moment your upgrade finishes .
Also remember to make a third expansion when you have the money , as well as a fourth unit production hatchery .
Also send 2 lurkers to your expansions choke points so m&m alone cannot take them down .
Start an evolution chamber or two while making lurkers and lings and contain him in his base till he gets science vessels .
If you have several mutas left from your harass , you can place an queen
Gov. Tim Pawlenty says he intends to sign an election certificate in Minnesota 's long - running U.S. Senate race once the court rules on the matter .
Pawlenty said on CNN's State of the Union program Sunday that he expects the Minnesota Supreme Court to rule on the case soon .
He also said he expects the court to direct him to sign the election certificate and will sign it if the court instructs him to do so .
He said he also wo n't wait too long if the case is appealed on federal court .
" A federal court could stay or put a limit on or stop the effect of the state court ruling if they chose , " he said .
" If they do that , I would certainly follow their direction but if that does n't happen promptly or it drags on for a period of time , then we need to move ahead with signing the certificate if I 'm ordered to do that by the state court . "
Pawlenty did n't say what he would do if the court did n't direct him to sign the certificate .
The Minnesota Supreme Court is currently considering Republican Norm Coleman 's appeal of a lower court ruling that declared Democrat Al Franken the winner of Minnesota 's 2008 U.S. Senate race .
Franken currently leads Coleman by 312 votes .
Suraya Singh used to have a mundane job working for an education quango .
Like millions of women the 30 - year - old would often spend her lunch breaks perusing the women 's magazine section at a nearby newsstand .
There she became increasingly despondent at the celebrity gossip , diet tips and fashion advice she was bombarded with .
What she wanted was a classy erotica magazine that women like her would be happy to buy .
Men 's magazines regularly mixed aspirational and intelligent content with high - brow erotica , but women , she felt , were being left out .
Which is why she decided to quit her job and set up a magazine herself .
" There are an awful lot of stereotypes about who women are and what turns them on , which I do n't think are true , " she says .
" If you 're not some walking stereotype of a woman – who really speaks to you ? "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Next week she will launch Filament , a self - funded quarterly erotica magazine that is squarely aimed at turning women on .
A glitzy launch party complete with male acrobats is planned for Monday and an initial print run of 5,000 copies has just rolled off the presses .
Marketed as " the thinking woman 's crumpet " , the first issue features a semi- naked man in a praying position on its cover .
Inside , artistic photoshoots of scantily clad male models are juxtaposed next to erotic short stories and erudite articles on off - beat topics such as the merits of being a geek .
And if you tire of the sex , there 's always a recipe for spicy celeriac bake to keep you busy .
Finding an erotic format that women will buy en masse remains a holy grail .
Many publishers have tried to create female - friendly pornography – most have failed .
The only comparable magazine on British newsstands is Scarlet , which was founded in November 2004 and is often described as " Cosmopolitan with even more sex " .
Ms Singh believes other attempts to create successful female erotica have failed to take into account what women want .
" Male pin–up style material that was marketed at women was often created based on wrong assumptions , or was merely repackaged from the gay market , " she says .
" If you want to turn women on , you have to be 100 per cent about women . "
To illustrate her point Ms Singh pulls out a selection of magazines that tried , to varying degrees of success , to conquer the female sexual psyche .
Two of the most successful are Play Girl , which printed its last issue in January after 32 years , and For Women – a 1980s attempt by the creators of Penthouse to do for women what it did so successfully for men .
Both magazines feature the sort of oiled , muscled Chippendale–esque models that have typified much of female erotica in the past and ultimately attracted almost as many gay men as straight women .
To find out what sort of models would truly appeal to a female audience , Ms Singh – a New Zealander with an Indian father who has been living in Britain for six years – set up an online community to ask as many women as possible what they would like to see in an erotic magazine .
" The answers were very interesting , " she says .
" Although people like all sorts of things , the consensus was not for muscle - bound men .
What they wanted were toned men with oval - shaped , often quite feminine faces . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
All the models in the first issue were people Ms Singh approached in the street .
" I just asked them whether they'd be prepared to take their clothes of for a new magazine , " she laughs .
The first issue has avoided full - frontal nudity , but the Full Monty is not something Filament 's editor will rule out .
" When we did the shoots for the first issue some of the models did go all the way , but we did n't feel those photos worked , " she says .
" There 's no point being explicit just for the sake of it .
We 're working on the second issue now and I think it will probably show quite a lot more . "
The key now will be whether the magazine 's formula really works .
Laura Godman , deputy editor of Scarlet , says the female erotica market is there for the taking .
" Over the past few years it 's become so much more acceptable for women to admit that they enjoy erotica , whether it 's magazines or ' fem - porn ' , " she says .
" It 's still a work in progress but people 's opinions are changing . "
But Rowan Pelling , the former editor of Erotic Review , believes creating erotica for women is notoriously difficult .
" To my mind , there is n't really a vast difference between what men and women want , " she says .
" Good erotica will always appeal to both sexes regardless .
I think it 's very difficult to market specifically female erotica , but good luck to them . "
The business of gender - bending specific
* Giving the seedy back - alley sex shop a friendly makeover was a work of commercial genius for the founders of Ann Summers , who now dominate the female sex shop market .
* Who says moisturisers are just for women ?
The male moisturiser industry has grown to such an extent that British men are the most enthusiastic male groomers in Europe – no doubt thanks in part to out - and - proud metrosexuals like David Beckham .
The whole body airport scanner that reveals your underwear
Travellers in America are being asked to pass through whole body scanners at airport security checkpoints , which penetrates their clothing .
The new technology , developed by New York based L3 Communications , has raised concerns after it was revealed that underwear is visible in the scans .
It has drawn comparisons with scanners on the 1990 science fiction film Total Recall , which revealed the bodies of Mars - bound passengers beneath their clothing .
A composite of four separate scans , a female in the left two and a male in the right two .
The scanner penetrates clothing
Passengers remove metal items , jackets and shoes and step into a small glass chamber .
Passengers lift their arms over their heads before the scan
Lifting their arms about their heads the sensors scan the body for about three seconds .
The sensors can detect part of the electromagnetic spectrum that emits energy from the body at wavelengths of one millimetre .
Because the energy from a human body is radiated at a higher rate than plastic , metal and ceramic , the unit can then reveal those objects .
The scan blurs out the face of the passenger , and the image is not stored .
However , the American Civil Liberties Union said the body scanning technology could be too intrusive as it could project images of mastectomies and catheter tubes .
The Transportation and Security Administration has placed the scanners in airports in Salt Lake City , Las Vegas , Miami , San Fransisco , Tulsa , Okla and Albuquerque , in a pilot program .
It is currently a voluntary system .
There are no plans to bring the scanners to the UK at this time .
A spokesman for the TSA said the new scanners were better for travellers with hip or knee replacements , as they are currently patted down if their prosthetic sets off a security alarm .
The new technology has drawn comparisons with that used in film Total Recall , where you could see skeletons beneath passengers ' clothing
Once depicted as brutal , grunting , slouching sub-humans , Neanderthals are now known to have had brains as large as ours and their own distinct culture .
They buried their dead , tended their sick and co-existed with our own ancestors in Europe for thousands of years before becoming extinct just as modern humans flourished and began to spread throughout the continent .
This list looks at ten of the most persistent myths about Homo neanderthalensis .
10 Lack of Speech
The myth : Neanderthals could n’t speak ; they grunted
It has been long believed that Neanderthals could n’t speak like humans – having only a basic capacity for sound in their throats , but in 1983 , scientists found a Neanderthal hyoid bone at a cave in Israel ( the hyoid bone is part of the vocal mechanism ) which was identical to that of modern humans .
This means that their capacity for speech ( at least physically ) is the same as our own .
There is no reason to believe that they did not have at least a basic system of vocal communication .
9 Our Ancestors
The myth : Man is descended from Neanderthals
In fact , Neanderthals and modern men existed side by side as two separate groups .
Recent DNA studies have found that the Neanderthals are a distinct evolutionary line – a line which was ultimately a dead end as they all died out around 30,000 years ago .
The extinction of Neanderthals was most likely caused by slightly lower birth rates and higher mortality rates , combined with an increasingly unstable climate .
8 Excess Hair
The myth : Neanderthals were hairy
There is absolutely no reason to believe that Neanderthals were any hairier than modern man .
Computer models have shown that excess hair on neanderthals would have caused over - production of sweat which would have frozen on the neanderthals potentially leading to death .
7 Clubbing
The myth : Neanderthals exclusively used clubs as weapons
Actually the Neanderthals had many highly developed tools and weapons – such as spears for killing mammoths and stone tools .
They are thought to have used tools of the Mousterian class , which were often produced using soft hammer percussion , with hammers made of materials like bones , antlers , and wood , rather than hard hammer percussion , using stone hammers .
Many of these tools were very sharp .
There is also good evidence that they used a lot of wood , objects which are unlikely to have been preserved until today .
6 Bent Over
The myth : Neanderthals had bent knees and walked like chimps
This is one of those very unfortunate cases of a discovery leading to much confusion .
A skeleton of a neanderthal was discovered at the start of the 20th century that had bent knees giving rise to the popular belief that all neanderthals did .
In fact , it turns out the skeleton was of a Neanderthal that suffered from arthritis .
Neanderthals walked upright in the same manner as modern humans ; they were generally only 12 – 14 cm ( 5 –6 in ) shorter than modern humans , contrary to a common view of them as “ very short ” or “ just over 5 feet ” .
5 Savages
The myth : Neanderthals were savage
There is actually much evidence to show that Neanderthals cared for the sick and old in their communities .
There has been fossil evidence that shows potentially life - threatening injuries which were completely healed , indicating that the Neanderthal who suffered the injuries was nursed by to health by another member of his group .
There is also evidence ( via fossilized musical instruments ) that Neanderthals enjoyed and played music .
You can listen to a clip of a Neanderthal tuba here [ Source ] and a Neanderthal flute here [ RAM format , Source , More Info ]
4 Ethnicity
The myth : Neanderthals were ethnically equal
Because we use one term to describe all Neanderthals , we tend to think of them as a single group of people sharing identical traits and features , but it is most likely that there were different ethnicities in Neanderthals just as in humans .
A recent study has determined that there were probably three racial groups within the Neanderthal family .
From the study : “ The conclusions of this study are consistent with existing paleoanthropological research and show that Neanderthals can be divided into at least three groups : one in western Europe , a second in the Southern area and a third in western Asia . ” [ from Genetic Evidence of Geographical Groups among Neanderthals ]
3 Cavemen
The myth : Neanderthals lived in caves
Okay – this is partially true – some Neanderthals did live in caves ( hence “ cavemen ” ) , but many of them lived in huts : “ Winter homes were Ice Age huts , built teepee style , from branches and mammoth bones , covered with animal skins .
These huts were used for many years , so they built them carefully .
Holes were dug , deeply into the ground .
Poles were inserted into these holes , and then tied tightly together at the point of the teepee , at the top , with string made from animal guts .
Warm furs were laid over this structure and sewn tightly in place .
Large rocks were piled around the bottom , to help hold the hut together . ” [ Source ]
2 Ape Face
The myth : Neanderthals had faces like Apes
This misconception came about through poor reconstructions from largely arthritic skeletons .
In 1983 , Jay Matternes ( a forensic artist who did much work in fleshing out skulls for homicide investigations ) performed a reconstruction on a much better specimen than had been seen before .
The result is in the photograph above .
It clearly shows that the Neanderthals looked virtually the same as us .
If you saw the man above in a suit walking down the street , you would not think anything of it .
The same is true of the other reconstructed neanderthal pictures on this list .
1 Unanswered Questions
The myth :
There are certain questions about the physical attributes of Neanderthals that we will never know
As of 2009 , the complete Neanderthal genome has been mapped .
The most important implication of this is that it now becomes technically possible to clone a Neanderthal – to raise them back from the dead so to speak .
The current estimated cost of doing this is $ 30 million US and no one is putting up the cash .
There are ethical questions that are always going to be raised regarding cloning and this is also a hindrance .
But there is absolutely no reason not to believe that we will – one day – be able to give birth to and raise a Neanderthal ( or at least the closest thing possible to one ) .
It was just a little over a month ago that our own Stephen Gordon was among the first to break the story about a Department of Homeland of Security report that appeared to label most conservatives and libertarians in the country as “ extremists . ”
Now , the Washington Times reports that DHS has officially pulled the report :
A contentious “ Rightwing Extremism ” report that warned of military veterans as possible recruits for terrorist attacks against the U.S. was not authorized , has been withdrawn and is being rewritten , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told Capitol Hill lawmakers .
“ The wheels came off the wagon because the vetting process was not followed , ” Ms. Napolitano told the House Homeland Security Committee on Wednesday .
“ The report is no longer out there , ” she said .
“ An employee sent it out without authorization . ”
The report was shared with state and local law enforcement officials nationwide via the department ’s internal Web site on April 7 , angering Republican lawmakers and military veterans who said it unfairly stereotyped veterans .
Ms. Napolitano did not say when the report was taken off the “ intel Web site ” and all Homeland Security Department Web sites , but she said it is in the process of being “ replaced or redone in a much more useful and much more precise fashion . ”
Of course , that does n’t really answer the question of whether or not the report reflects official thinking inside DHS as to what the difference is between a terrorist and a political protester .
Richard Branson 's Virgin Group has collected $ 40 million and has 300 people on the waiting list for tourist flights into space .
Not a bad business for an airline that is n't even a spaceline yet .
In an interview with Reuters , Will Whitehorn , president of Virgin Galactic ( an ambitious name , considering that NASA has n't even managed to get back to the Moon yet ) is already looking beyond plain ol ' space tourism .
Of course , there 's lots of work to do first .
The two - craft setup intended to loft the first tourists up there is still in the test phase ( and the mothership suffered a little ding in the most recent test flight ) .
The WhiteKnightTwo carrier aircraft , flying out of the Mojave Air and Space Port in California , made its longest test flight to date , four hours , but pitched up a little steep in some tricky winds at landing .
The attachable plane that will go to space , called SpaceShipTwo , was not involved .
" We are delighted with the program so far and are meeting every milestone we are setting , " Whitehorn told SPACE.com after the minor mishap last month .
" Sir Richard Branson is looking forward to flying in Eve this summer and then seeing SpaceShipTwo attached later in the year . "
Meanwhile Whitehorn , backed by Branson 's billions , told Reuters he is looking ahead to opportunities as wide - ranging as conducting science in space ( perhaps obviating the need for the international space station ) , setting up cosmic computer server farms , and replacing long - haul airline flights by going into the air - free zone to zip around the planet .
Other big questions remain , such as whether coffee can be served in that zero -g environment .
Home > Archive > 2009 > June > 7
Netbooks are great XP machines Sunday , June 07 , 2009 by Dave Winer .
Just tweeted : " Microsoft 's problem , they employ billions of dollars worth of engineers who produce stuff no one wants . "
I pointed to this article .
Short version of this post : Microsoft --
Let the netbook guys put whatever they want to in the box , and sell them XP Home for a reasonable price and stop trying to tell us we have to use Vista because people do n't want to .
Longer version .
Netbooks are great Windows machines .
I remember seeing a $ 600 pricetag on an Asus last year and thinking " Geez that 's cheap ! " so I bought one .
Now it seems expensive .
Same computer now is $ 280 .
That 's even cheaper .
So cool .
And it runs Windows XP
Home so I can run my software on it .
Now I 'm totally uninterested in buying an iPhone - like laptop , which Apple almost surely will want to sell me .
You'd think that would be great news for Microsoft !
You'd think they'd be running ads on TV saying " Holy Shit People Like Our Stuff Now Man That 's So Fucking Cool . "
But you 'd be wrong .
Because .
Because .
Well .
You tell me why they 're not super excited about this .
Steve ?
Ray ?
As a user , I 'm happy as can be .
I love this new stuff .
And I 'll tell you what .
It 's found money for them , whatever they get , because I was n't ever going to buy a Microsoft product .
I 'm amazed that I like XP .
But only because it runs on these coool new netbook computers .
And the netbook market is incredibly competitive .
They keep dropping the prices and they want to add features , but Microsoft wo n't let them .
If they add more features , they say , they have to put Vista on the computer .
People do n't want Vista .
And Microsoft must be worried they do n't want Windows 7 either .
That 's their problem , not mine .
Their job is to create software people want .
I recorded a brief podcast about this , but if you 've read this post you do n't need to listen to it .
You 've already heard what I have to say .
XP is cool .
Sell it and be proud .
Create products people want , and all is good .
Create products people do n't want , go back to the drawing board or find another line of work .
View the forum thread .
Recent stories
Dave Winer , 54 , pioneered the development of weblogs , syndication ( RSS ) , podcasting , outlining , and web content management software ; former contributing editor at Wired Magazine , research fellow at Harvard Law School , entrepreneur , and investor in web media companies .
A native New Yorker , he received a Master 's in Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin , a Bachelor 's in Mathematics from Tulane University and currently lives in Berkeley , California .
" The protoblogger . " - NY Times .
" The father of modern - day content distribution . " - PC World .
One of BusinessWeek 's 25 Most Influential People on the Web .
" Helped popularize blogging , podcasting and RSS . " - Time .
" The father of blogging and RSS . " - BBC .
" RSS was born in 1997 out of the confluence of Dave Winer 's ' Really Simple Syndication ' technology , used to push out blog updates , and Netscape 's ' Rich Site Summary ' , which allowed users to create custom Netscape home pages with regularly updated data flows . "
- Tim O'Reilly .
http://twitter.com/davewiner
Dave Winer
In retrospect , it seems predictable that the first opposition group in the Soviet bloc to succeed in unseating a communist regime would be Poland ’s Solidarity movement .
Discontent with economic hardships and the suppression of civil liberties had long been evident in Poland , erupting in workplace unrest and mass protests more frequently than anywhere else in Eastern Europe : 1956 , 1968 , 1970 , 1976 .
In 1980 , during yet another wave of strikes and demonstrations , the Solidarity trade union had been formed in the port city of Gdansk .
It soon took on the character of a nation - wide opposition movement , attracting a membership numbering in the millions .
But if this recent history demonstrated the depth and durability of hostility to the regime , it also seemed to demonstrate its futility .
On every occasion , the regime had been able to use a combination of modest concessions and brute force to master the situation and re-confirm its monopoly on power .
Even the unprecedented social support for Solidarity in 1980 , which initially led the regime to recognize and make concessions to the union , could not prevent a subsequent crackdown .
The imposition of martial law in December 1981 forced Solidarity into the role of an embattled underground movement .
It did , to be sure , maintain a significant following , and by the late 1980s , the now illegal trade union played a role in a new wave of strikes that broke out across the country .
But opposition activists had to wonder : why would these protests end any differently than those the regime had successfully thwarted in the past ?
And yet a number of things had changed over the course of the 1980s .
Perhaps the most obvious was the international context .
Earlier crackdowns on dissent had been motivated not only by the Polish Communist Party ’s interest in maintaining its own rule but also by concerns about the potential for Soviet intervention if Poland ’s domestic situation was deemed to be getting out of hand .
Indeed , the so - called Brezhnev Doctrine , named after the long - serving Soviet leader , proclaimed that Moscow was prepared to intervene militarily to prevent any threat of regime change in Eastern Europe , just as it had in response to radical reforms in Czechoslovakia in 1968 .
The emergence of Mikhail Gorbachev as General Secretary of the Soviet Communist Party in 1985 suddenly changed the direction of the pressure that Moscow exerted on Eastern Europe .
Gorbachev and his allies were convinced that the greatest danger to the Soviet system was not dissent but inertia , and they saw a policy of openness ( glasnost ) as essential to spurring necessary changes .
The Brezhnev Doctrine was now replaced by the Sinatra Doctrine , which positively encouraged Soviet satellite states to “ do it their way ” by experimenting with political and economic reforms .
This change in signals from Moscow greatly strengthened the hand of moderates within Poland ’s communist party , who believed that some accommodation with opposition groups was possible and desirable .
Another factor spurring party reformers to reach out to Solidarity was a growing sense of urgency regarding the economy .
In previous decades , the regime had been able to manage economic discontent with a mix of centralized planning ( keeping the prices of staple goods artificially low ) and selective opening to the Western market economy ( borrowing heavily from Western governments and banks ) .
But these expedients had only masked many of the economy ’s underlying problems , not addressed them .
More fundamental reforms , most experts had come to agree , would be necessary to overcome mounting inflationary pressures and lagging growth .
Since such bitter economic medicine was likely to inflame rather than calm popular discontent , party reformers believed it was crucial to achieve some kind of social consensus about the necessity of such measures .
Rather than allowing Solidarity activists to continue criticizing from the sidelines , they argued , it would be smarter to make the opposition co-responsible for the unpopular but necessary economic policies to come .
Convinced that engaging Solidarity would do more to tame the opposition than to empower it , party officials made a series of gestures to the still - outlawed movement .
In November 1988 , the leader of the official , party - affiliated trade union , Alfred Miodowicz , challenged the head of Solidarity , Lech Walesa , to a televised debate , expecting that the event would highlight the latter ’s inexperience .
Instead , Walesa succeeded in focusing attention on the past failures of the regime , casting Solidarity as a clear , untainted alternative .
In February , when party officials and Solidarity representatives began the Round Table talks — an extended set of negotiations on political and economic questions — a similar tug - of - war developed over the agenda .
Representatives of the regime tried to emphasize commitment to a shared , “ national ” program of reforms , while Solidarity insisted on the introduction of trade union pluralism and genuine political competition .
For opposition leaders , it was a delicate balancing act .
If they demanded too much , party hardliners might call off the entire dialogue .
If they were overly deferential , their grassroots supporters might feel betrayed and lose faith in their leaders .
After two months of negotiation , a careful formula was worked out .
Elections for a newly created Senate would be freely contested , as would 35 percent of the seats for the lower house of the legislature , the Sejm .
This would give an unprecedented political voice to groups critical of the communist regime but guarantee the regime ’s continued hold on power .
What neither side counted on was the utterly lopsided outcome of the elections held in early June .
Solidarity won every seat it was able to contest in the Sejm and 99 out of 100 seats in the Senate .
In the aftermath of this landslide , the “ guarantees ” of the party ’s continued hold on power suddenly looked very shaky .
Members of small satellite parties that had been in permanent coalition with the communist party spoke of refusing to support a communist candidate for prime minister or president .
Opposition leaders , in turn , worried that such a drastic exclusion of the party from positions of power could incite hardliners — possibly aided by Poland ’s Warsaw Pact neighbors , if not the USSR itself — to resort to a military crackdown .
Anxious to avoid a deadlock and potential bloodshed , party reformists and Solidarity leaders negotiated an extraordinary compromise .
The opposition accepted the election as president of
Wojciech Jaruzelski , until then general secretary of the communist party , while Jaruzelski in turn named as prime minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki , a Catholic intellectual and long - time Solidarity adviser .
It was , like the negotiations preceding it , a complicated balancing act .
But the outcome was nonetheless dramatic : the largest Soviet “ satellite ” in Eastern Europe now had a non-communist head of government .
The months preceding this transfer of power provide a fascinating case study in what historian Timothy Garton Ash famously described as 1989 ’s “ refolutions ” ( hybrids of “ reform ” and “ revolution ” ) .
As in other moments of dramatic historical change , the documentary record reveals the widespread sense of revolutionary upheaval , of long - held expectations being repeatedly overturned , of constant improvisation .
And yet one also sees in the record of the era a determination — particularly among Solidarity activists , but also among reformist party members — to avoid the descent into violent confrontations that have characterized most revolutionary eras of the past .
James Bjork
Kings College London
London , England
Das Video „ Du bist Terrorist “ geisterte erfolgreich die Tage durch die Blogosphäre .
Alexander Lehmann hat unter dieser Domain seine Uni-Abschlussarbeit veröffentlicht .
Heute berichtet er uns per Mail , dass er eine Ankündigung zur Abmahnung bekommen hat .
Absender der Ankündigung war die Agentur KemperTrautmann , die hinter der Kampagne „ Du bist Deutschland “ steckt .
Lehmann wird aufgefordert , jegliche Bezüge zur „ du bist deutschland “ – Kampagne zu entfernen und die Adresse dubistterrorist .
de nicht mehr zu verwenden .
Er hat drei Tage Zeit , alles wie gewünscht zu entfernen .
Als Begründung wird das Markenrecht an „ Du bist Deutschland “ genannt .
Gibt es jetzt eigentlich auch ein Markenrecht auf „ Du bist Markus Beckedahl “ und gehört das Markenrecht daran KemperTrautmann ?
Deutschland im Jahre 2009 !
Das ist ein nicht akzeptabler Versuch , Meinungsfreiheit zu beschränken .
Die Kampagne „ Du bist Deutschland “ diente zur Auseinandersetzung mit unserem Staat .
Wenn ein Student hingeht und sich kritisch mit dem Thema auseinandersetzt und dies in seiner Abschlussarbeit thematisiert , sollte ihm nicht eine Ankündigung zur Abmahnung geschickt werden und damit die juristische Keule .
Zumal während der Kampagne z.B. Spreeblick.com erfolgreich die Remix - Aktion „ Du bist Deutschland “ durchführte , die zu keinen juristischen Konsequenzen führte .
Meine Empfehlung an Lehmann : Lass das Video drin und wir schauen mal , ob KemperTrautmann rechtliche Schritte einleitet …
Du bist KemperTrautmann ?
–
Du findest Meinungsfreiheit nicht toll ?
Am Feiertag des Grundgesetzes ist das ein Griff ins Klo !
Ich hab mal der Agentur folgende Fragen per Mail geschickt und freue mich auf eine Beantwortung :
Was finden Sie an der Webseite abmahnungswürdig ?
Woran haben
Sie genau die Markenrechte ?
Besitzen Sie auch das Recht an „ Du bist Markus Beckedahl “ ?
Die Kampagne „ Du bist Deutschland “ wurde geschaffen , um sich mit unserem Staat auseinander zu setzen ?
Warum drohen
Sie jetzt juristisch jemanden , der sich kritisch im Rahmen seiner Uni-Abschlussarbeit damit auseinandersetzt ?
Update : Die Sache ist jetzt erledigt , wie in den Kommentaren zu lesen ist :
[….]
Anders steht es um die Persönlichkeitsrechte der Kinder , die auf den Motiven der Kampagne “ Du bist Deutschland ” abgebildet sind .
Sie gilt es im Rahmen der Fürsorgepflicht zu schützen ; die Eltern der Kinder haben der Nutzung auch nur im Rahmen der Kampagne zugestimmt .
Alexander Lehmann versprach daher , die Kinderbilder der Kampagne kurzfristig von seiner Website zu entfernen .
um die Persönlichkeitrechte der Kinder zu wahren .
Das Hintergrundbild wird ausgewechselt .
For the past 2 million years , the size of the human brain has tripled , growing much faster than other mammals .
Examining the reasons for human brain expansion , University of Missouri researchers studied three common hypotheses for brain growth : climate change , ecological demands and social competition .
The team found that social competition is the major cause of increased cranial capacity .
To test the three hypotheses , MU researchers collected data from 153 hominid ( humans and our ancestors ) skulls from the past 2 million years .
Examining the locations and global climate changes at the time the fossil was dated , the number of parasites in the region and estimated population density in the areas where the skulls were found , the researchers discovered that population density had the biggest effect on skull size and thus cranial capacity .
" Our findings suggest brain size increases the most in areas with larger populations and this almost certainly increased the intensity of social competition , " said David Geary , Curator 's Professor and Thomas Jefferson Professor of Psychosocial Sciences in the MU College of Arts and Science .
" When humans had to compete for necessities and social status , which allowed better access to these necessities , bigger brains provided an advantage . "
The researchers also found some credibility to the climate - change hypothesis , which assumes that global climate change and migrations away from the equator resulted in humans becoming better at coping with climate change .
But the importance of coping with climate was much smaller than the importance of coping with other people .
" Brains are metabolically expensive , meaning they take lots of time and energy to develop and maintain , making it so important to understand why our brains continued to evolve faster than other animals , " said Drew Bailey , MU graduate student and co-author of the study .
" Our research tells us that competition , whether healthy or not , sets the stage for brain evolution . "
We give you another odd robot from Japan .
This one is used for dental training .
Dr. Naotake Shibui along with engineers from Kokoro have developed a dental training robot known as Simroid or Pain Girl .
Simroid has sensors in her mouth as well as her chest and can respond verbally .
As much as his robot reaches the uncanny valley , I would rather the dentists in training practice on her than me .
Watch the wacky video after the break .
Link via ( Japan Sugoi )
Threading in Ruby has always been a troublesome issue .
Ruby 1.8 implements userspace threads with performance problems and also do n't make use of multiple cores .
Ruby 1.9 switched to mapping every Ruby thread to a kernel thread , which removes some of the inefficiencies in 1.8 's threads - yet still only one Ruby thread can run at a time .
The reason is the Global Interpreter Lock ( GIL ) , sometimes referred to as Global VM Lock ( GVL ) .
Every Ruby thread needs to acquire the GIL before it can run .
Ruby shares this implementation detail with languages like Python ( where it 's been a divisive issue for nearly a decade ) .
In the past few years , alternative Ruby implementations have done away with the issue : JRuby and IronRuby both do n't have a GIL .
Now MacRuby joins their ranks and works without a GIL , as Laurent Sansonetti explains :
All MacRuby threads are scheduled by the OS kernel and registered into the Objective - C garbage collector ( which runs on its own threads ) before doing anything .
While the MacRuby runtime still has shared state across all threads , it now synchronizes the access to these structures instead of only allowing one thread to be active .
The details :
The Core object contains a lock that is used every time a shared data structure is accessed .
Shared data structures are for example : LLVM caches , various stubs caches , BridgeSupport caches , etc .
Everything else was moved to a VM class , which is completely lock - free .
A VM object is created at demand and only once for every thread that wants to access the runtime .
The VM object contains data structures for the very specific thread execution , like for instance current blocks , bindings , exceptions , etc .
The VM sometimes calls the Core ( when defining a method for example ) which acquires the Core lock , but most of the time it just runs concurrently .
The new threading system is available in MacRuby 's experimental branch , which is destined to become the next MacRuby version .
The branch also contains a sample ( and simple ) web server built with MacRuby .
Once the next stable MacRuby version is released with the new threading code , there 'll be three Ruby implementations with concurrent threads , without any GIL , vs. Ruby 1.8 ( userspace threads ) and Ruby 1.9.x .
Both JRuby and MacRuby support the Ruby 1.9.x language and libraries .
Ruby 1.9.x shares the GIL problem with Python , albeit the Unladen Swallow project promises to remove the GIL by 2010 ( whether that happens and whether the provided patches actually get merged into the official Python is another matter - patches that remove the GIL have been floating around for a decade ) .
A final note : discussions about GILs in either Ruby or Python often bring up the argument that threads in these languages simply are n't the proper way to get concurrency .
Another argument is that the GIL is only a problem with CPU bound code - I / O bound code is not a problem since the GIL is properly released , allowing other threads to run during I /O operations .
With that in mind - how do you implement CPU bound code that can make use of multiple cores in Ruby ?
Do you take care of creating and managing multiple OS processes ?
The Conficker worm has seized control of millions of computers in just a few months ( Image : Carsten Müller / stock.xchng )
A HOTEL bar in Arlington , Virginia , 23 October 2008 .
A group of computer security experts has spent the day holed up with law enforcement agencies .
It is an annual event that attracts the best in the business , but one the participants like to keep low - key – and under the radar of the cybercriminals they are discussing .
That evening , conversation over drinks turned to a security update Microsoft had just released .
Its timing was suspicious : updates usually came once a month , and the next was not due for two weeks .
“ I remember thinking I should take a look at this , ” recalls Paul Ferguson , a researcher at Trend Micro , a web security company in Cupertino , California .
He did .
So did the rest of the computer security industry .
In fact , they talked , puzzled and worried about little else for months after .
The update heralded the birth of the Conficker worm – one of the most sophisticated pieces of malignant software ever seen .
Despite an unprecedented collaboration against them , Conficker ’s accomplished creators have been able to bluff and dodge to gain control of machines inside homes , universities , government offices and the armed forces of at least three nations , establishing a powerful and lucrative network of “ zombie ” computers .
New Scientist has pieced together the sobering details of that cat - and - mouse fight .
 Conficker ’s creators bluffed and dodged to gain control of machines in militaries , universities and governments 
The dry , technical language of Microsoft ’s October update did not indicate anything particularly untoward .
A security flaw in a port …
Neighbours Mexico and the US have seen the highest number of cases
Some 226 swine flu cases have been confirmed in 30 states and more are expected , US health officials say .
They said most cases were mild - although a small boy visiting from Mexico died - and the spread was no worse than seasonal flu .
Mexico , where the outbreak originated , says cases of new infections are declining and authorities will decide on whether to allow schools to reopen .
But the World Health Organization ( WHO ) has warned against complacency .
WHO chief Margaret Chan said the real test would come when the winter influenza season hit countries .
" We hope the virus fizzles out , because if it does n't we are heading for a big outbreak , " she told the UK's Financial Times .
CONFIRMED CASES
Mexico : 101 suspected deaths - 25 confirmed US : One death , 226 confirmed cases New Zealand : 6 confirmed cases Canada : 101 confirmed cases Spain : 54 confirmed cases UK : 18 confirmed cases Germany : 8 confirmed cases Israel : 3 confirmed cases France : 4 confirmed cases Italy : 4 confirmed cases El Salvador : 2 confirmed cases Netherlands , Switzerland , Austria , Denmark , Hong Kong , South Korea , Irish Republic , Costa Rica , Colombia , Portugal : 1 confirmed case Countries with confirmed cases of secondary transmission : Mexico , US , Canada , Spain , Germany , UK
Mapping the outbreak Clashes erupt over Egypt pig cull Did Mexico over - react to flu ?
" I 'm not predicting the pandemic will blow up , but if I miss it and we do n't prepare , I fail .
I 'd rather over - prepare than not prepare " .
She indicated that the WHO was likely to raise its flu alert level to the top of its six - point scale - meaning the virus had spread between different regions and a global pandemic was under way .
But she stressed that this did not necessarily mean every country would be affected or that there would be many more deaths .
" It is a signal to public health authorities to take appropriate measures , " she said .
The WHO said on Monday that 985 cases of the virus had been officially reported across 20 countries .
Person - to - person transmission has been confirmed in six countries .
Slightly more than 100 people in Mexico are thought to have died from the swine flu strain , although only 25 cases have been confirmed .
Elsewhere : • Portugal 's health ministry confirmed its first case of swine flu •
The number of confirmed cases in Italy rose from two to four • Spain raised the number of confirmed cases from 40 to 54 , making it the worst - hit country in Europe • Turkish media reports of a patient dying from swine flu in the southern Antalya province were denied by a hospital spokeswoman to Reuters news agency ' Not over yet '
In the US , the number of confirmed cases rose from 160 to 226 .
Officials said this was because the results of lab tests were now coming through , rather than because of a new surge in cases .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement But an expert from America 's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said the virus was fairly widespread .
" Virtually all of the United States probably has this virus circulating now , " Dr Anne Schuchat said .
" That does n't mean that everybody 's infected but within the communities , the virus has arrived . "
She said that although she expected cases to become more severe and to lead to deaths , this in itself would not be unusual as every year 36,000 people died in the US after contracting seasonal flu .
But she warned : " I do n't think we 're out of the woods yet . "
' Discriminatory measures '
Mexican officials are due to decide on Monday whether to allow schools and businesses to reopen after reporting that its most lethal outbreak might be levelling off .
SYMPTOMS - WHAT TO DO
Swine flu symptoms are similar to those produced by ordinary seasonal flu - fever , cough , sore throat , body aches , chills and fatigue
If you have flu symptoms and recently visited affected areas of Mexico , you should seek medical advice
If you suspect you are infected , you should stay at home and take advice by telephone initially , in order to minimise the risk of infection
Q&A : Advice about swine flu Health Minister Jose Angel Cordova said that the virus appeared to have peaked between 23 - 28 April .
" The evolution of the epidemic is now in its declining phase , " he told a news conference .
President Felipe Calderon , meanwhile , denounced what he described as " discriminatory measures " against Mexicans by some countries " because of ignorance and misinformation " .
He did not name any countries but his remarks came after Mexico criticised China for placing in quarantine up to 70 Mexicans , even though they had shown no sign of having contracted swine flu .
Mexico said it was planning to send a plane to Beijing to pick up the Mexicans .
China denied it was being discriminatory .
" This is purely a question of health inspection and quarantine , " the foreign ministry said .
More than 300 guests at a hotel in Hong Kong have also been under quarantine for a week after a fellow guest contracted the disease .
One guest , Kevin Ireland , spoke of a " sense of paranoia " initially by the authorities - who tackled the Sars outbreak in 2003 - but added that " there 's no restriction on any kind of interaction " among the guests .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
That addictive puzzler Tetris – created 25 years ago by Russian Alexey Pajitnov – has a legitimate claim to being the videogame that conquered the world
Twenty - five years ago , inside the bowels of the Soviet Academy of Sciences in Moscow , a young artificial intelligence researcher received his first desktop computer – the Soviet - built Elektronika 60 , a copy of an American minicomputer called a PDP - 11 – and began writing programs for it .
But not numerical ones .
He ended up creating one that would infest the dreams of those who played it , spurring addictions and even the suspicion that it was a Russian plot to divert the youth of America in a pointless exercise .
" I started to put together all kinds of mathematical puzzles and diversions that I had loved all my life , since I was a boy , " says Alexey Pajitnov , talking to the Guardian from the Russian capital .
Pajitnov , then 29 , thought the puzzles were fun , but after a few experiments there was one roughly - hewn game that stood out from the others .
" The program was n't complicated , " he says .
" There was no scoring , no levels .
But I started playing and I could n't stop .
That was it . "
Russia is used to revolutions , but this was something different : Tetris had been born .
The concept is simple : from the top of the screen a series of differently - shaped " blocks " fall slowly towards the bottom .
The player can turn each block as it falls – making a line into a column , say – or move it sideways , but once it hits the lowest point , it stays .
If the blocks fill a line without gaps , they disappear .
Otherwise they pile up , giving the player less and less time before they hit the " bottom " .
Simple ; but hugely addictive .
A quarter of a century later , it has a legitimate claim to being the videogame that has truly conquered the world .
In all its forms , Tetris has sold more than 70 m copies around the globe ; it has spawned architecture , art and music ; it has earned multiple Guinness World Records ( including " Longest Prison Sentence for Playing a Video Game " , for a man who kept playing it on his mobile phone during a flight against crew demands ) and is regularly voted one of the top games of all time .
The game 's early success did n't leave Pajitnov much better off – the rights were owned by the Soviet state – but the combination of falling blocks did start to gain some traction .
A PC version released in 1985 began spreading around eastern Europe , before heading to the west a couple of years later .
But it was in 1988 that things started to accelerate .
" I first saw it at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in January of 1988 , " says Henk Rogers , a Dutch games publisher who was based in Japan at the time .
He says it did n't take long to realise there was something interesting going on with this deceptive , unpretentious puzzle game .
" My first impression was that this game was too simple , that there was nothing to it .
Then I came back and played it again .
And again .
Soon I realised there was something going on – no game had grabbed me at a show just like that . "
Rogers beat fierce competition to agree on a deal – a move that eventually led to an agreement brokered with Nintendo that that saw Tetris bundled with every Game Boy .
That , says Pajitnov , is when things changed .
" We visited Nintendo 's headquarters … all the cartridges for Tetris on the Game Boy were stored in this Kyoto warehouse , " he says .
" I saw , in reality , all these hundreds of thousands of pieces of my game .
It was at that time I realised it was n't just a small game , it was a big , big material shift .
That was a very strange feeling . "
Without Nintendo it is likely that Tetris would have faded into obscurity , but Rogers – an affable and restless Dutchman – says he found an ally in Minoru Arakawa , then boss of Nintendo of America .
" He 's the one I did the big deal with ; he totally recognised that this game was the key to Game Boy 's success in the rest of the world .
He packed in 30 m of them . "
While Rogers made a career out of licensing Tetris to other companies around the world , Pajitnov had to wait until 1996 – when the rights reverted to him from the Russian state – to begin making money from his success .
By that time , however , his mind was elsewhere : he had moved to the US and was working as a games designer at Microsoft .
These days , both men spend their time licensing Tetris to other companies .
Between them , they maintain the " Tetris guidelines " – a surprisingly exacting basic standard that any official version of the game must meet .
This includes , among other things , the size of the playing area , the colours of the tetronimos , the configuration of keys and buttons used to move the blocks .
Also in the rules is the demand that the game must include a version of the Tetris theme song – a folk number called Korobeiniki that has become almost as recognisable as the game itself , even reaching the dizzy heights of number six in the UK charts back in 1992 , thanks to a Europop cover version masterminded by Andrew Lloyd Webber .
For anybody with functional hearing , that marks a low point in the history of Tetris – but it did n't stop the game enduring .
But what makes it that way ?
Of the game 's contemporaries , only Nintendo's Italian plumber Mario has shown similar longevity – and even he has changed over the years .
Pajitnov , who says he is still a coder at heart , believes that Tetris is a " good program " with simplicity and portability as crucial assets .
But he thinks the secret sauce for its 25 - year success is something more pedestrian : perseverance .
" Frankly , I think that most of the classic games which were written in the 80s or early 90s are dead just because their authors or owners did n't care about them , " he says .
" They 're still interesting to people , especially now with the new boom of casual games . "
Whether that continuing interest is a symptom or a cause of the game 's success remains unclear – but persistence and dedication has certainly proved important , even when it strays into the overbearing ( they regularly litigate against unlicensed versions of the game ) .
Even after so many years – and despite recognising the addictive nature of the game early on – Rogers remains surprised that Tetris has displayed such durability .
" I always thought that every game has a certain shelf life , " he says .
" In the early PC business it would take somebody else a year to copy your game , so I thought we had a year or two before somebody came up with a better Tetris . "
" You know what ?
They tried .
But in 25 years , nobody has . "
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
It was unkind irony that just as MySpace was reshuffling its leadership with the hope of reviving its fortunes , Yahoo ( s yhoo ) quietly announced the end of GeoCities .
It was as if the hand of fate overseeing Internet startups was offering MySpace an uncomfortable peek into its own future .
Like GeoCities , MySpace won quick success by making it easy for people to build a customized online presence .
Like GeoCities , MySpace sold out to a bigger media company ( s nws ) that ended up a caretaker for its long years of decay .
And now MySpace is slowly becoming , like GeoCities , an abandoned amusement park on the web .
Is fixing MySpace , as Om said recently , a “ mission impossible “ ?
Or can Owen Van Natta keep it from becoming GeoCities 2.0 ?
The latter seems unlikely , since it would require undoing fateful decisions that MySpace made several years ago , decisions that made good sense at the time but have since been draining vitality from the company .
Back in early 2005 , MySpace was thriving while Friendster was struggling .
MySpace founders Chris DeWolfe and Tom Anderson had watched Friendster users create profiles , contact friends and then discover there was little else to do there .
So they took a different route , filling MySpace with features — blogs , mp3 feeds , videos — and letting people go wild with them .
Such an approach was crucial to MySpace ’s success , but it also created a longer - term problem in that site is now littered with garish profiles .
By comparison , tech companies with longer runs of success — among them Google ( s goog ) , Amazon ( s amzn ) and Apple ( s aapl ) — have always insisted on simplicity and elegance .
Facebook seems to understand this better than MySpace .
A bigger misstep was selling out to News Corp .
Again , the deal made good sense at the time : MySpace ’s parent , Intermix , had seen its stock price collapse because of an investigation by Eliot Spitzer ’s office .
News Corp. , meanwhile , needed a fast way to gain a big presence in online media — and access to younger consumers who were shunning television and print .
Under News Corp. , MySpace changed from a company that sought out new ideas from its users to one that was deaf to their interests , preferring to corral them into seeing as many ads as possible .
Many early users saw MySpace as a community built around music .
Rather than cultivating such a focus , MySpace chose to be social - networking portal — all things to all people .
But there is really only room for one such portal at a time , and right now it ’s Facebook .
MySpace has squandered whatever early potential it had as a countercultural force .
Four years ago , many bands that used the site to connect with and find fans saw MySpace as playing the role that Rolling Stone magazine did in the 1970s : an alternative to the big record labels that could launch unknown talent to fame .
MySpace did explore this potential with its MySpace Records label , but it was a halfhearted attempt .
It chose instead to work in harmony with record labels , missing a chance to disrupt an industry that badly needed change .
Fixing MySpace would mean reversing many decisions that time has shown to be ill - advised , returning to a spirit of risk and opportunity that has been missing for years .
Much easier and safer is maintaining the status quo and trying to hang onto the users who , for whatever reason , are still updating their profiles .
But that is n’t innovation , it ’s hospice care .
Here 's your chance to own a piece of cinematic history - the location where Ferris Bueller 's pal Cameron accidentally sent his father 's prized Ferrari plunging through a picturesque plate glass window into the ravine below .
" The Ben Rose Home - site of the famous movie " Ferris Bueller 's Day Off . "
Cantilevered over the ravine , these two steel and glass buildings - which can never be duplicated - have incredible vistas of the surrounding woods .
This is a unique property designed by A. James Speyer and David Haid , both notable architects of the 20th Century . "
These magnificent examples of mid-century minimalism ( that 's an exterior shot of the garage on the left ) can be yours for only $ 2,300,000 , or $ 433.96 per square foot .
370 Beech Street , Highland Park , IL [ via Cory O'Brien ]
Ferris Bueller 's Day Off - Ferrari Scenes [ YouTube ]
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Columbia , SC
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Me : Owner of a blind cat that has some sort of fucking thing wrong with him and nobody just seems to be able to up and tell me what it is .
They are very eager to run all manner of expensive tests on him , but I am pretty much out of disposable income to funnel into the money pit that he has become .
The vets have all been very nice and none of this is really their fault , and they have given me some follow - up visits for free , but they just do not know what is going on with him .
They have missed some critical issues that might have prevented some of the bad things from happening , but without knowing exactly what is causing this I guess I can't say for sure that any of this could have been prevented .
I am a Virgo .
As of a month ago I was a proud owner of a normal healthy cat , but as of today I am the proud owner of a lethargic , nervous , blind cat .
I have driven him up to Charlotte to see a specialist , but I will get into that in the " Cat " section .
More about me - I am a fire eater , I have a good sense of humor , and I like bad Sci Fi Channel movies .
I can also cook very well .
I would be willing to cook for you if you could help my fucking cat because I am serious when I say that this shit is just way out of control at this point .
Cat : A tabby that I picked up as a stray , he 's probably around four years old as best they can tell .
He is sweet , loving , and never mean .
A month ago he was seeing all sorts of things and running around my apartment chasing sunbeams , but those days have apparently slammed to a sudden and horrific halt .
He got an eye infection that led to terrible , terrible things .
( The vet did not catch that his lower eyelid was turned under a bit and he could not blink - possibly if they had then none of this would have happened . )
The eye infection turned into his cornea rupturing while I was feeding him treats .
Being probably borderline retarded , he kept eating while his eye leaked out all over the place .
So off to Charlotte we went to have his eye removed !
The specialist said all was great and he was healthy and the world was beautiful .
Except on Saturday he went blind in his other fucking eye , which seems to me to contradict the whole " he is very healthy and his remaining eye is just in tip top shape " shit the specialist told me .
He likes treats , being petted , and sitting in sunlight .
Although right now he likes being curled up in a corner being pathetic , I guess because he can't see , but maybe he 's slowly dying .
If someone could tell me that would be totally fucking awesome .
So far no one 's really told me much except " well his tests seem to be fine !
We can run more !
" I got a call this morning that even though they have run four separate tests that showed there 's no pressure in his eye , they think there is pressure in his eye and they want me to - get ready for this - buy some expensive eye drops to relieve this imaginary pressure that is almost certainly not there .
Of course they do , why would n't they ?
I do n't know how much they cost yet but you know I will probably just buy them because I am dumb as shit when it comes to this cat .
Unfortunately I am really out of money to spend on him at this point .
These eye drops and his appointment with the specialist on Thursday will be the last things I can do for him other than comfort him and hope he does n't die .
Here 's where you come in .
You can help my cat for little to no money and I can be thankful while staring at your magnificent legs , your beautiful breasts , your gorgeous , smiling face .
That will make ME feel better after all the crazy shit I 've been through this month .
You 'll feel good because you 'll be helping a cat that quite honestly is one of the sweetest animals anyone has ever met .
That 'll make EVERYONE involved happy .
Plus I 'll cook for you if you want , and that will make you happy , too .
We all win .
This is platonic only , as I am not expecting you to hop in the sack with me , but if you decide you want to then let me just say up front that I am not going to argue with you .
Do n't worry , the cat is physically incapable of watching .
I just wish I knew why .
UPDATE - Unfortunately I had to have him put to sleep .
After his last surgery to clear his eye socket up an infection set in and never really let up .
He had a whole lot of very sudden problems that he did n't have six months ago - the blindness was only part of it .
He was also losing teeth despite having perfect teeth a year ago .
The infection did n't clear up , and he stopped eating , then got what one vet said was " just a cold . "
That did n't clear up either , and he stopped drinking too .
I fed him and watered him via syringe for a few days , then he started vomiting everything up .
The next day he started bleeding out through his nose and mouth and it would n't stop , so I had to have him put down .
Thank you for all the kind words I received , the concern , and the ACTUAL VET who responded and was very nice and helpful despite not being in this town .
Craigslist is an interesting place full of great people who make up for the fact that it also has people who want to dress up as Benjamin Franklin and have you shove balsa wood airplanes up their assholes while they blow farm animals .
Goodbye , Bruiser .
I 'm going to miss you .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 May 2
Explanation : NGC 4631 is a big beautiful spiral galaxy .
Seen edge - on , it lies only 25 million light - years away in the well - trained northern constellation Canes Venatici .
The galaxy 's slightly distorted wedge shape suggests to some a cosmic herring and to others its popular moniker , The Whale Galaxy .
Either way , it is similar in size to our own Milky Way .
In this gorgeous color image , the galaxy 's yellowish core , dark dust clouds , bright blue star clusters , and red star forming regions are easy to spot .
A companion galaxy , the small elliptical NGC 4627 , is just above the Whale Galaxy .
Out of view , off the lower edge of the picture lies another distorted galaxy , hockey stick - shaped NGC 4656 .
The distortions and mingling trails of gas and dust detected at other wavelengths suggest that all three galaxies have had close encounters with each other in their past .
The Whale Galaxy is also known to have spouted a halo of hot gas glowing in x-rays .
Nadal ’s postmatch press conferences always begin the same way :
The door beside the lectern opens , he walks in loose - limbed and with his hair disheveled and he sits down and says politely into the microphone , “ Hello . ”
He still grapples with English , being in his daily life a speaker of Spanish and Mallorquín , which is a variant of Catalan and even harder to understand , unless you grew up on the island of Majorca .
So it comes out “ HHAllo , ” and he takes the English questions first .
I ’ve seen him do this with a half - eaten chocolate - chip cookie in his hand , grinning and wiping crumbs from his mouth ; but after he finished beating Nalbandian , he looked dark and irritated .
“ I am not happy , ” he said .
“ I am not happy about myself in the first two sets . ”
It was almost 3 a.m. Nadal won the second set 7 - 6 in a tiebreaker and the third 6 - 0 , and by the time everything was over , Nalbandian looked as if somebody had been hitting him with a broom all night .
“ I was scared about his backhand , ” Nadal said .
“ I think I did n’t go to the match with a clear idea of how to play . ”
He needed a shave , though in truth he usually looks as if he needs a shave ; it ’s part of the allure .
When he ’s pleased , he has a way of smiling with half his mouth , too , as though he ’s shyly just starting to realize how good he feels ; the effect is of a young Harrison Ford , but with unbelievable biceps , and the combination of on - court savagery and off - court humility has disarmed people who have followed tennis closely for decades .
“ I do n’t think I ’ve ever seen a guy acting as natural , as a champion , as Rafael Nadal , ” the French writer Philippe Bouin told me recently .
Bouin has been covering tennis for 30 years for the sports paper L’Équipe .
He is regarded as a sage in the tournament newsrooms , and when I first met him , at a tournament in Miami , he mused aloud about the extraordinary relationship between Nadal and Federer , each of whom regards the other as the most admirable and dangerous competitor he has ever faced .
“ You must remember , ” Bouin said gently , in his lovely accented English , “ that in tennis you have to kill the other . ”
Not just play better .
Sometimes the one who plays better can lose .
It ’s a sport of splendid cruelty , for all its decorum and finicky trappings ; every winning point comes when the other guy , in front of a whole stadium of people staring directly at him , is forced by his opponent into inadequacy .
He lunges for the ball but whiffs , he whacks it long , he hits it into the net , he screws up .
From the stands , you sometimes see players surrender not because they do n’t know how to return the shots coming at them but because the specter of this impending inadequacy has suddenly just taken over their brains .
It transpires right in front of your eyes : something sags , and they go sort of limp ; you can see their faces and their posture start registering get me out of here .
When he ’s on — which is most of the time but not always , thereby heightening the suspense —
Nadal is better than anybody at making this happen to opponents .
If he does play Wimbledon these next two weeks and wins , or if he holds off and recuperates and perhaps goes on to win the U.S. Open in September , he will have earned legitimate entry into the ranks of the all - time greats — not just the world No. 1 ’s , in other words , but the players whose names make up those best - ever lists that are constantly being debated and rearranged by fans .
Federer floats around at the top of those lists , along with a dozen or so others ( Agassi , Pete Sampras , John McEnroe , Sweden ’s Bjorn Borg , Australia ’s Rod Laver and so on ) .
Two of the three reasons for preparing to consider Nadal for these ranks , contentious as such propositions tend to be , are straightforward :
1 . He wins on all three court surfaces on which the world ’s four most important tennis tournaments are now played : the grass of Wimbledon , which Nadal won for the first time last summer ; the hard acrylic composition used at the Australian Open , which Nadal won in January , and the U.S. Open , which has so far eluded him ; and the soft red clay of the French Open , on which Nadal and Borg share the record of four straight titles .
( On clay , in fact , Nadal is the best player who has ever lived .
Until losing to Federer two years ago in Hamburg , Nadal had a streak of 81 victories on clay , a record that took on such a life of its own that people around Nadal felt a certain relief when the streak ended . )
Being a three - surface champion at this level of competition is almost impossibly difficult , requiring three kinds of pacing , strategy and ball attack ; it ’s as if an international track star won gold in the 100 meters , the mile and the steeplechase .
There are undisputed great players — Sampras , McEnroe and Jimmy Connors , for example — who never in their careers mastered the French Open ’s clay .
2 . He spent three whole years second in the world only to Federer , who during those years could not only outplay everybody but , in many people ’s opinions , could probably have outplayed anybody who ever lived and nonetheless could not get past Nadal in Paris .
Nadal was a phenomenal No. 2 . His No. 2 - ness was heroic and inspirational , and he was known to mention it quite cheerfully in press conferences : “ I ’m not the best , but I am a very good No. 2 in the world . ”
3 . He thrills people .
Federer thrills people , too , but the Nadal thrill is so different from the Federer thrill that studying the two of them is like a gorgeous immersion course in the varieties of athletic possibility .
Federer is elegant and fluid and cerebral , so that his best tennis looks effortless even when he is making shots that ought to be physically impossible .
Nadal is muscled - up and explosive and relentless , so that his best tennis looks not like a gift from heaven but instead like the product of ferocious will .
His victories and his taped - up knees and his years as a very good No. 2 in the world all resonate together , as though the rewards and the wages of individual effort had been animated in a single human being : if you hurl yourself at a particular goal furiously enough and long enough you may tear your body up in the process , but maybe you can get there after all .
People have loved watching Nadal create trouble inside Federer ’s head .
This is how they characterize it in tennis , that Nadal makes Federer crazy , that Nadal ’s refusal over and over to be beaten by Federer in Paris was the one problem that Federer — who usually has uncanny on - court telepathy about what his opponent plans for three shots hence and exactly how to wreck it — was unable to figure out .
* * *
enjoy
Where the Wild Things Are .
can
Hello Everyone !
I wanted let you all know , friends of Terrible Yellow Eyes , that I have made the decision to close the project with a final post , Friday , January 1 , 2010 .
This has n't been an easy choice for me .
Since I have close to a year 's worth of free time wrapped up in the planning and execution of this project you can imagine that I 'm attached to it .
But I am ready to move on to other personal work and other projects .
Naturally , the collection 's not going anywhere , it will remain online , but I do feel the project has run it 's course .
I want to say thank you .
The response I 've had to the idea has gone beyond what I imagined for it .
The project has truly become what I had hoped for but did not imagine exactly possible .
When I think about the response , the show , and contributing artists involvement and the level of jaw dropping work , it 's really nothing more than a testament to just how bad people love Maurice Sendak .
My goal all along for TYE was to honor the book and express my love for it in pictures because I just could n't do it with words , no matter how hard I tried .
I 've been humbled by the response of so many incredibly hard working , gifted artists .
I think I can also say I 've made a few new friends along the way .
Putting together Terrible Yellow Eyes has been the fulfillment of a years long desire to do something more than justMaurice Sendak has influenced me and countless others so profoundly , so completely altering the face of what a children 's book is and what the mediumbe , it seems the only thing we could have ever done was to just celebrate it .
Thank you all !
Cory
Steve and I are vegans and all three of our kids are vegetarians , so throughout our transition to adopting a cruelty - free lifestyle , one recurring struggle has been making sure that the kids have lunch options at school .
Our school district has assured us that there should be at least one vegetarian option available each day , but it is common for them not to keep their word ; as many days , the kids report having to pick pepperoni off of pizza or just eating the fruit cup .
Lately , they have been bringing lunch with them ; which is always cool with us , though the boys seem to prefer the " fun " of eating in the cafeteria for some reason .
Our son Aidan has even started a petition to send to the school district asking for a vegetarian menu in addition to the choices already provided .
He already has close to 100 signatures and nearly all of the students who have signed it are omnivores , but would n't mind having vegetarian options themselves .
Due to our background with the veggie lunch situation , I was quite pleased to hear ( via The Huffington Post ) that Twitter co-founder Biz Stone , who is a vegan himself , recently lobbied Congress to add vegetarian options to school lunches , and sent a letter to Rep. George Miller , chair of the House of Education and Labor Committee to support the Child Nutrition and WIC Reauthorization Act .
The Committee on Education and Labor responded to Stone 's letter via Twitter , tweeting that the goal of the reauthorization is to " improve children 's access to healthy and affordable meals at school . "
The Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine has released a video advocating healthier school lunches , which has aired on TV in Rep.
Miller 's district .
Sign the petition here .
George W. Bush : Secret Muslim
Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney ’s new Washington Times column arguing that after the Cairo speech “ there is mounting evidence that the president not only identifies with Muslims , but actually may still be one himself , ” is not really worth much of a response .
But these two pieces of Gaffney ’s “ evidence ” did jump out at me :
Mr. Obama referred four times in his speech to “ the Holy Koran . ” Non-Muslims — even pandering ones — generally do n’t use that Islamic formulation .
Mr. Obama established his firsthand knowledge of Islam ( albeit without mentioning his reported upbringing in the faith ) with the statement , “ I have known Islam on three continents before coming to the region where it was first revealed . ”
Again , “ revealed ” is a depiction Muslims use to reflect their conviction that the Koran is the word of God , as dictated to Muhammad .
After about 30 seconds of Googling , I present the venerable Islamic theologian George W. Bush :
The Islam that we know is a faith devoted to the worship of one God , as revealed through The Holy Qu’ran .
Besides , if Obama were really a secret Muslim , he ’d probably have done a better job pronouncing al Azhar and hijab .
MANDEL NGAN / AFP / Getty Images
But here are five much bitched - about things that we might as well retire from the complaint list , because as you 'll see , they 're not getting fixed .
Ever .
As gamers , playing games is our second - most favorite hobby .
Our most favorite is , of course , complaining about games .
5 Movie Tie -In Games
Hey , guys , Jim Cameron showed up at E3 !
And to announce a game , no less !
It 's the tie - in for his upcoming film Avatar , and he says they 're sparing no expense to make sure the game is every bit the revolutionary experience the film will be !
Holy shit , finally we 've got a top - notch film maker to show gaming how it 's fucking done .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Oh , hey , they 've released screen shots !
Huh .
That ... sure is an armored space marine .
Shooting a machine gun .
Alongside a mech .
You know what ?
Fuck this .
We 've been burned too many times .
It 's our fault for getting all worked up when the trailer for that Terminator : Salvation game hit , thinking it looked like a cooler Gears of War .
Then we find out the finished game is so short that it 's over in less time than it takes to watch the last two movies , yet still costs the full $ 60 .
" You 're the only hope for manki-- oh , wait .
The war 's over .
Let 's go get some lunch . "
They 've Been Trying Since ...
The first movie - licensed game was pooped onto shelves almost exactly 27 years ago , when Raiders of the Lost Ark for the Atari 2600 emerged in May of 1982 .
And man , did it ever set the tone .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
It had no connection to the film other than that the main character seemed to have some hat - shaped pixels on his head .
Raiders was almost impossible to beat thanks to a series of utterly illogical and random puzzles .
And if you did beat it , the game seemed to get confused , displaying a victory screen that showed Indy standing on a scissor lift under a levitating ark .
Did we mention this is the same thing you saw if you lost ?
Steven Spielberg was so impressed he actually got the same designer working on the infamous ET game later that year .
And when we say " infamous " we mean " the game that almost single - handedly killed the game industry . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Why we 're losing hope :
As bad as you think these games are , trust us , they 're worse .
Here 's Metacritic 's list of all XBox 360 games , listed from best to worst - reviewed .
In the top 100 games , you find exactly one movie or TV licensed game : Chronicles of Riddick : Assault on Dark Athena .
And it 's all the way down at # 90 .
Now scroll to the veeeery bottom of the list , to the tormented seventh circle of video game Hell .
In the bottom 100 shittiest games , you find 16 movie or TV licenses .
So the situation ai n't getting any better .
And that 's insane , because they 've seen that a good game can not only make money , but can in fact make more freaking money than the movie .
The same year the shitty Indiana Jones game came out , they made an arcade game tie - in for the movie Tron .
It out - grossed the film , and it did it one freaking quarter at a time .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The N64 game version of Goldeneye sold 8 million copies .
That 's around $ 300 million in revenue , triple what the film grossed in the US .
The secret is dick shots
Yet ...
Will Never Get Fixed Because ...
Look at the exceptions for a moment .
Goldeneye was one of the best games ever made .
The first Godfather game was excellent , and there are rumors that the upcoming Ghostbusters game is n't terrible .
So what do all of those games have in common ?
Easy :
They were n't released alongside the movie .
Goldeneye came out about two years after the film .
The others came decades later .
Unlike the shit games , these were n't released as tie - in merchandise meant to ride the coattails the film .
These games were made knowing they would have to stand on their own .
Why not make every game with that mindset ?
Why put a multi-million dollar game in the same category as this :
When I first moved to Los Angeles and found myself running out of money , I decided to take a job as an extra on TV and movie sets rather than temp in some shitty office .
While the work was definitely more interesting than filing or updating databases , the “ coworkers ” I encountered were some of the craziest people I ’ve ever met .
But the weird thing is that they were all crazy in the exact same ways .
1 ) They Insisted on Being Called “ Background Actors ” - Yep , these poor delusional souls actually thought of themselves as thespians , as if crossing the street or pretending to eat in a fake restaurant was the highest form of artistic expression .
2 ) They Stole Food -
Not just granola bars and fun size Snickers either .
I saw a woman put an entire pizza in her purse ( She folded it in half first ) .
There is a general rule on movie sets that extras do n’t get fed lunch until the rest of the cast and crew has been served .
After seeing just how much food some of these people manage to balance on one plate , I now understand why .
And it was not out of the ordinary for some to sneak second helpings home in Tupperware .
3 ) They Knew Exactly Where the Camera Was -
Whether they ’re sitting in a courtroom jury box , walking documents down a hospital hallway or playing fake slot machines in a fake casino , all extras know exactly what the camera sees at all times and make sure their face is visible for as many seconds as possible .
Next time you watch TV , take notice of how easily visible every single officer ’s face is in a police precinct .
4 ) They Changed Their Clothes a Lot - Every time an extra does a tiny something like drive a car , use a personal item as a prop , work in a scene with water or smoke or even just change into a new pair of clothes , they get a pay bump of like $ 6 .
Consequently , extras constantly change clothes without being asked , sneak their tennis racquet or 9 iron into a scene and argue that peeling an apple constitutes “ hazard pay . ”
5 ) They Brought Special Chairs -
Most of your day as an extra is spent sitting on your ass so the real " pros " came prepared with their own fold out chairs complete with built in cup holders , foot rests and pillows .
I have never seen sloth elevated to such a science .
6 ) They Kissed Ass - Union extras not only make more money than non-union extras but they ’re also part of SAG , the same union that covers actual real actors .
The only way to go from one to the other is to get three SAG vouchers for doing “ featured ” extra work like speaking a word out loud or having a pie thrown in your face .
Which extras are assigned these featured tasks is at the discretion of the Assistant Director , so you can only imagine how many insincere thank you cards and homemade brownies these guys receive .
Clean - energy advocates are up in arms about the watered - down renewable - energy mandates that survived Waxman - Markey climate bill horse - trading to date , arguing they 'll fall short of promoting a massive deployment of new clean energy .
That 's the ticket ( AP )
It 's worth exploring how California is faring in its efforts to meet the toughest state - level renewable - energy targets in the country - - 33 % of the state 's electricity has to come from renewable sources by 2020 .
In ...
' The government gives [ blacks ] the drugs , builds bigger prisons , passes a three - strike law and then wants us to sing ' God Bless America . '
No , no , no , God damn America for treating our citizens as less than human . ' [ 198 ]
Such were the words of the Reverend Jeremiah Wright as he addressed the congregation of the mostly black Trinity United Church of Christ in southside Chicago on April 13th 2003 .
As the world has since learned , one of his parishioners was Barack Hussein Obama II .
Many people were shocked at Wright 's rhetoric , believing racial diatribes were mostly behind us .
But as Judge Andrew P. Napolitano explains in his latest book , Dred Scott 's Revenge : A Legal History of Race and Freedom in America , Wright 's comments are one of the predictable outcomes of government 's sordid history of race relations .
The Judge 's book is a gripping read from start to finish .
It is not legalese that greets us as we turn the pages , but a fact - based tale of institutionalized oppression , horror , and retribution , made possible by government at every level .
How could government be complicit in racial injustice ?
The author builds his case with sound arguments and relevant details , some of them shocking .
Most readers have heard about black lynchings that gripped the South for generations following the War for Southern Independence .
But how many knew they were often a major social event ?
' Witnesses often included the entire white community , ' Napolitano tells us , ' and , in many cases , the victim 's body was cut up and pieces were handed out as souvenirs . . . .
The local police , governments of each Southern state , and every American president from Ulysses S. Grant to Harry S. Truman allowed this to take place . ' [ 130 ; numbers refer to book 's page numbers ]
And why were these blacks lynched ?
For being black .
And perhaps ' for being economically successful , being more than minimally educated ( they were too ' uppity ' ) , failing to step aside for a white man 's car , being politically active , staring whites in the eye . . . .' [ 131 ]
Just about anything , because blacks had no real protection under the law .
The laws and slavery
Napolitano makes clear that there are two kinds of law : Natural law , which is given to us by virtue of our nature , and positive law , which is imposed on us by government .
Natural law is enshrined in our Declaration of Independence , the ' self - evident ' truths ' ' that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights , that among these are Life , Liberty , and the pursuit of Happiness . '
Positive law emerges from our legislators and , to be binding , must be consistent with natural law .
Slavery is the most egregious example of natural law violation .
Despite the proper implementation of slavery through positive law ( laws legally enacted at the time ) , its violation of natural law ( because it steals the core natural right : freedom ) makes it inherently and profoundly unlawful . . . .[ 30 ]
The Articles of Confederation , which were too anemic for the Federalists of that era , did not specifically recognize slavery .
The Constitution did , though without mentioning it by name .
The framers ' goal was to establish a stronger central government , and in doing so they had to keep certain sensitivities in mind and be willing to compromise .
The South had a big stake in slavery ; the North did n't .
The compromises were reflected in the Fugitive Slave Clause , the Importation Clause , and the Three - fifths Clause .
Slavery was an irreconcilable issue , but few were willing to admit it .
Convention delegate John Dickinson noted on July 9th 1798 :
' Acting before the World , What will be said of this new principle of founding a Right to govern Freemen on a power derived from Slaves . . . themselves incapable of governing yet giving to others what they have not . ' [ 40 ]
It should not surprise us that the Constitutional Convention strengthened the institution of slavery .
As Napolitano observes , ' Government is essentially the negation of liberty .
By its very nature , government removes natural rights in one way or another . ' [ 49 ]
( If only those sentences could become standard boilerplate on all printed material . )
Slavery and its proliferation were two of the most contentious issues in early 19th Century America .
Abolitionists claimed that any slave taken to a free state was thereby freed .
But slaves were regarded as the property of their masters , and one 's property cannot legally be forfeited by crossing a state line .
Dred Scott , a slave , claimed his freedom on the basis of the abolitionists ' argument , and in 1857 his case reached the Supreme Court .
Chief Justice
Taney , who wrote the opinion , was a slaveholder and advocate of slavery .
The Court held that blacks were not citizens and were therefore not entitled to the rights and privileges accorded to citizens .
And because Dred Scott was not a citizen , he could not sue in the federal courts .
Taney added that the federal government had no power to prohibit slavery in any part of the United States .
It followed logically that states had the power to enslave free blacks .
Justices Curtis and McLean , writing in dissent , pointed out that at the time of the founding , ' ten of the thirteen states allowed free blacks to vote , ' though five of those ten had limited or withheld the right . [ 64 ]
Taney 's decision , Napolitano concludes , was not a case of ' dispassionate adjudication ' based on a strict interpretation of the law , but rather an ' aggressive form of judicial activism to carve new meaning into the text of the Constitution . ' [ 64 ]
Lincoln and Reconstruction
Lincoln came into office , and the South seceded ; he told them they had no right to leave and tricked them into firing the first shot .
Four years and a million casualties later , the South surrendered .
As a voluntary association of free states , the Union was dead , the South lay in ruins , and the slaves , by virtue of the Thirteenth Amendment ratified on December 18th 1865 , were no longer slaves .
They were said by some to be free .
President Johnson pursued a lenient Reconstruction policy that angered radical Republicans .
Congress overrode Johnson 's veto twice in 1867 to pass bills prolonging military occupation of the South in every state except Tennessee , Johnson 's home state .
The goal was to create loyal governments .
The acts were about power , not freedom or equality .
Congress passed another bill authorizing anyone but former Confederates to write the new state constitutions .
In other words , only blacks , carpetbaggers , and scalawags were qualified .
White southerners seethed with resentment .
Organizations of white militants began to flourish , especially when Grant became president in 1869 .
Groups such as the White League , the Red Shirts , and the KKK used violence and intimidation to keep blacks from holding political office or voting for anyone supporting Reconstruction .
' These groups effectively destroyed the weak political and economic stability that Congress was trying to build in the South , ' Napolitano tells us . [ 118 ]
By 1877 , all federal troops had left the South .
Reconstruction had been a failure .
Republicans could not force the South to bow to their decrees .
On the contrary , their orders inflamed passions against the Union and especially against blacks .
To white southerners , blacks came to personify federal intervention .
Jim Crow
The period known as Jim Crow ran from the 1890s to the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
During this period , ' Southern states began to reinforce , in law and state constitutional provisions , the subordinate position of blacks in society . ' [ 122 ]
Jim Crow ' became shorthand for the continued lawful degradation of blacks . ' [ 123 ]
Racial ostracism extended to every place where the two races might come together , even cemeteries .
' As witnesses in court , blacks and whites had to swear on different Bibles . ' [ 123 ]
Factory workers in Alabama had to look out different windows than whites .
By 1910 legalized segregation took hold in every state of the South .
Among the reasons for the extreme racism the author cites :
- The terrible violence of the war
- The Union 's wanton destruction of private property in the South
- Sherman
- Military occupation during Reconstruction , in which the rule of law was abandoned
In Plessy v. Ferguson ( 1896 ) , eight of nine Supreme Court justices refused to rule against Jim Crow .
Plessy was 'used to defend Jim Crow laws from judicial scrutiny until the second half of the twentieth century . ' [ 128 ]
The majority reasoned that separate but equal accommodations did not violate the Constitution because both races were treated equally under the law .
Roughly seven million black people quit the South between 1900 and 1970 , even though in doing so they faced unfriendly conditions up North .
It was government that perpetuated the endless years of discrimination , Napolitano claims .
It afforded ' no relief or justice for persecuted blacks . ' [ 139 ]
His book goes on to tell us about the plight of blacks in the World Wars , the infamous Tuskegee syphilis experiment , Brown v. Board of Education , oppressive aspects of the civil rights legislation , the '60s riots , Goldwater , Wallace , Nixon , Reagan ' and Jackie Robinson .
The story of major league baseball 's first black player was an uplifting way to bring his narrative to a close .
Libertarians favoring a stateless society will challenge Napolitano 's conclusion that only ' by upholding the Constitution can our freedoms remain secure . ' [ 246 ]
But few will question his scholarship or fail to appreciate his robust writing .
Dred Scott 's Revenge was an enjoyable read from start to finish and should be high on everyone 's reading list .
George F. Smith is the author of The Flight of The Barbarous Relic , a novel about a renegade Fed chairman .
Visit his website .
George F. Smith Archive
The Ghost of Dred Scott
by George F. Smith
Exclusive to STR
May 19 , 2009
Unless the weather 's majestically terrible or some new 9/11 magnitude event takes place , there 's absolutely no excuse for watching TV on holiday .
If you 're somewhere sunny , chances are you wo n't watch anything at all , unless you 're such a dull football - liking git you think you 'll lose the ability to breathe if you can't see the latest match via satellite in a horrific bar specialising in full English breakfasts and sugary cocktails surrounded by fellow pink - shouldered , cow - brained , hooting , awful wankers .
By the time you read this I 'll be back , but right now I 'm in Crete , staying in a place whose satellite TV system offers about 10bn channels , approximately 100 % of which are n't in English .
OK , so you can pick up the BBC World TV news channel , but no one 's ever willingly watched that for longer than nine minutes .
It 's a channel whose viewer demographic consists exclusively of men sitting on the edge of a hotel bed impatiently waiting for their girlfriend to finish in the shower so they can go and have a shit .
Part of the fun of having so many incomprehensible foreign channels is flicking through them and trying to guess what country they 're from .
If you 're as ignorant as me , this is usually completely impossible .
Lots of them look like news broadcasts from the Star Wars universe ( specifically , the Clone Wars era ) .
The basic visual grammar of news is always the same - host , desk , spinny CGI graphics and so on - but they 're often accompanied by national dress codes and entire alphabets I 've never seen before .
I swear one channel featured a newsreader with a designer lampshade on his head and a headline ticker comprising nothing but triangles and spirals scrolling right to left across the screen .
I could n't tell you precisely what story he was reporting on , but I think it concerned a trade dispute in another dimension .
News aside , there are hundreds of channels promoting phonewank services , usually with an Indian or Middle Eastern flavour .
One consisted of a photo of a lady 's bum , a phone number , and nothing else .
It did n't change once during the six or seven hours I watched it .
Still , every so often you stumble across something that authentically draws you in .
The other night it got too windy to venture outside , and I wound up watching an Arabic TV movie ( helpfully subtitled in English ) about a guy called Majid who kidnapped an Iraqi general who'd killed his parents , and then agonised for ages ( and ages and ages ) over whether to shoot him or not .
There were scenes shot in real bombed - out villages - incredibly disconcerting to my western eyes - and despite being shot on pretty harsh video , the overall level of visual artistry seemed higher than the average British TV drama .
Majid did n't shoot him in the end , incidentally : the general escaped , only to be killed moments later by a landmine .
God moves in predictable ways .
But perhaps the most mesmerising thing I 've seen was a few moments of the Greek incarnation of Britain 's Got Talent .
It was instantly recognisable - same format , same logo , same visual grammar and similar acts .
This only served to highlight the differences .
Instead of young , slim Ant and Dec , there was one middle - aged paunchy bloke standing just off stage giggling to the cameras .
The judges , meanwhile , were spectacular .
Impossibly , they look even weirder than the British Morgan / Holden / Cowell lineup .
There was a pretty woman , a bloke who resembled a bleached - blond pimp from the year 2049 , and a terrifying man who appeared to have undergone extensive plastic surgery at the hands of a demented satirical artist - who 'd decided to make him look precisely like David Hasselhoff morphing into Michael Jackson .
I did n't see him indoors .
I was standing in the night air , watching him for several minutes on a silent plasma TV through the window of a shut hair salon , before snapping out of the trance and getting on with the holiday .
Wherever you go , TV ultimately tastes the same .
And there 's more than enough of it at home .
Remember when it was the liberal guests who ended up looking like sputtering morons on the O'Reilly Factor ?
Tonight it was the host .
Joan Walsh turned the tables .
Her secret ?
Remain calm .
Finish your sentences , even if O'Reilly interrupts you .
Do your research and form your soundbites ahead of time .
Do n't raise your voice higher than Bills , or get more emotional .
This way , he looks like the crazy one , as nature intended .
Leave no charge unanswered , even if it sounds absurd .
Especially if it sounds absurd .
The Salon editor 's vitruoso performance led an enraged O'Reilly to the fantastic conclusion that , in fact , Walsh was responsible for the death of abortion doctor George Tiller , because she branded him a hero .
Uh , OK !
Well , it looks like that 's all you have time for .
Enjoy your weekend , Bill , and try not to think too much about how you had your ass handed to you , by a San Francisco liberal .
That 'll just make you angry .
Click to view
The Army Corps of Engineers has decided all trees must be removed that are 15 feet from a levee .
Â
The corps is worried tree roots could weaken levees meant to protect low elevation communities .
Â
Of course , the corps ’ record is marred with mistakes when it comes to safeguarding communities from catastrophic floods , like New Orleans .
Ironic the corps wants to remove trees when vegetation is often credited with streambank stabilization .
Â
According to the state of Maine ’s document on erosion and sediment control :
Stands of full - grown trees protect streambanks from erosion through the binding of soil with their roots .
Shrubs provide even better erosion protection , and riverside stands of willow trees are often replaced naturally by colonies of shrub - like willows .
These plants hold the soil with their root systems and reduce water velocities .
They also protect tree trunks from damage caused by breaking ice and help to prevent the formation of strong eddies around large trees during flood flows .
Shrub vegetation is particularly beneficial along the impact bank of a stream meander , where maximum scouring tends to occur .
Already thousands of trees have been cut down , and there are over 100,000 miles of levees in the US .
Â
Environmentalists , conservationists , and local citizens are protesting the corps ’ tree removal program .
Â
The Associated Press explains :
“ The literature on the presence of vegetation indicates that it may actually strengthen a levee , ” said Andrew Levesque , senior engineer for King County , Wash . , where the corps wants trees removed on the six rivers considered vital to salmon populations .
Â
The anti-tree policy arose from criticism directed at the corps after Katrina breached levees in New Orleans in 2005 … ” The corps ’ new edict was regarded as a major change in policy , ” said Ronald Stork , senior policy expert with California Friends of the River in Sacramento .
“ Something that is cheap and inexpensive is a chain saw .
It was something to do that did n’t cost a lot of money that made you feel better . ”
Independent experts agree a tree has never caused a levee to fail .
George Sills , former member of the corps ’ Engineer Research and Development Center states , “ There ’s never been a documented problem with a tree , ” including in New Orleans .
Some local residents in Louisiana have been able to save trees in historic areas from corps removal , as well as wildlife officials in California have been able to protect habitat along levees .
The removal of trees along levees is not based on empirical scientific evidence , but tree eradication may make levees easier to inspect for safety .
Â
Whether it is to make levees stronger or make them easier to inspect , the Army Corps of Engineers tree removal program has come under heavy criticism .
Like tiny Jedi knights , tunable fluidic micro lenses can focus and direct light at will to count cells , evaluate molecules or create on - chip optical tweezers , according to a team of Penn State engineers .
They may also provide imaging in medical devices , eliminating the necessity and discomfort of moving the tip of a probe .
Conventional , fixed focal length lenses can focus light at only one distance .
The entire lens must move to focus on an object or to change the direction of the light .
Attempts at conventional tunable lenses have not been successful for lenses on the chip .
Fluidic lenses , however , can change their focal length or direction in less than a second while remaining in the same place and can be fabricated on the chip during manufacture .
" We use water and a calcium chloride solution because they are readily available and safe and their optical properties have been well characterized , " said Tony Jun Huang , James Henderson assistant professor of engineering science and mechanics .
" There are lots of possibilities about what fluids we can use .
Most solutions change their refractive indices if the concentration changes . "
He notes that they could use a variety of solutions with water .
There are also a number of commercially available " refractive index fluids " which could potentially provide better optical properties and make these Liquid - Gradient Refractive Index ( L - GRIN ) lenses work even better .
Huang , working with engineering science and mechanics graduate students Sz - Chin Steven Lin , Michael I. Lapsley , Jinjie Shi and Bala Krishna Juluri and bioengineering graduate student Xiaole Mao , who is the first author on the paper , reported their work in a recent issue of Lab on a Chip .
To create their lens , the researchers have constant , tiny streams of calcium chloride surrounded by two adjustable streams of water .
By increasing or decreasing the flow rate of the water , they can shorten or lengthen the focusing distance of the lens .
The focal length changes because the amount of diffusion of calcium chloride into the water changes and alters the refractivity of the fluid .
The researchers can swing the focal point side to side by changing the flow rate of the water on only one side , skewing the point of focus left or right .
" With these two combined , we will have the capability of directing the light to any given point within the device , " said Huang .
One application , according to Huang , would be as optical tweezers positioned directly on a chip the size of a quarter .
This would eliminate the complex systems now necessary for optical tweezers .
Optical tweezers made up of focused laser beams can capture tiny particles like cells , stabilize them , move them and even rotate them at will .
" Our L - GRIN lens is probably the only microlens that can focus and steer the light simultaneously and yet is still small enough to fit on such a biochip , " said Huang .
Huang notes that there are applications for this fluidic lens in other places as well .
Currently , for an endoscope operator to focus light on a specific internal location , the probe itself must be manipulated into place , sometimes causing discomfort .
With these fluidic lenses , aiming
Jennifer Lee
15:59 03 Jan 18
Apple 's ( AAPL ) iPhone and other smartphones are generally good for Google : Anything that gets more people using the Internet on their cellphones -- and using Google , the Web 's dominant search engine -- is going to help Google ( GOOG ) someday make a market in mobile advertising .
( That is , as long as it's not cutting down on the amount of time they use the Web and Google on their computers . )
But Apple 's iPhone App Store -- a huge hit -- is not as good for Google .
While Google has a tiny business displaying in - app ads , the rest of the movement toward mobile apps and app stores is currently bad for Google .
Why ?
Time spent in apps is competing with ( and replacing ) time spent on the mobile Web .
There are some Google display ads in iPhone apps , but no direct line to Google Search or search ads , where Google stands to make the most money .
( The good news is that Google does n't make much money yet from the mobile Web , so this is n't immediately disruptive . )
Time spent in apps is competing with ( and replacing ) time spent on the REAL Web .
This is probably the scariest scenario for Google .
If I am sitting on my couch playing iPhone games or reading an article in Instapaper Pro -- instead of goofing around on the Web on my laptop -- that is potentially real lost revenue for Google .
( Similarly , even if I 'm using my iPhone 's Web browser , using the mobile Web and Google search , Google is probably not monetizing those searches nearly as well as they do on the computer . )
Users are learning to go to an app to find the information they need as opposed to going to Google or the Web .
For example , if I want a restaurant review , I do n't go to Google to type in the name of the restaurant .
I go to the Yelp app .
Or Urbanspoon .
Or whatever .
Either way , no Google there .
The App Store search engine built into every iPhone is becoming a very important search engine .
One billion apps downloaded means hundreds of millions ( or billions ) of searches conducted .
Google does n't power it or sell ads there .
The upshot for now is that mobile advertising -- especially in iPhone apps -- is still too small to matter to Google .
Instead , even a small improvement to Google 's main search advertising business would be more lucrative to the company than spending that effort on iPhone ads .
But eventually , it 's possible that the mobile Web and mobile apps will be important enough for a significant amount of Google 's attention .
At which point they 'll either have to roll out an awesome ad model -- the way they did for Web searches -- or buy one of the leading mobile advertising companies .
( And yes , Google does publish some iPhone apps of their own .
But on the iPhone , the most important Google - powered apps -- Maps and YouTube -- are built by Apple , and do n't include any ads today . )
Endangered due to habitat destruction , poaching and capture for the pet trade , these Red Ruffed lemurs are part of a Species Survival Plan that coordinates breeding between the fifty - two accredited zoos in North America with Red Ruffed lemurs .
Read more about it below .
It 's quadruplets at the Happy Hollow Park & Zoo in San Jose , California !
Born May 17th , the endangered Red Ruffed lemurs spent the last few weeks in their comfy nest box with mom .
Now big enough to venture out , the four curious little boys have begun to explore their surroundings .
Endangered Lemur Quadruplets Born at Happy Hollow Park & Zoo
Births Contribute to International Conservation Efforts
San José , CA ---- Happy Hollow Park & Zoo is proud to announce the birth of endangered Red Ruffed lemur quadruplets on May 17 , 2009 .
The births are the first of a kind for Happy Hollow and mark an important step for both the Zoo and this endangered species .
The babies , two females and two males , have become more visible as the mother has started to leave the nest box for small periods at a time .
The births are also a first for the new parents .
Meva , the 9 - year old mother who came from the Micke Grove Zoo in Lodi one year ago while the father , Achelous , 26 , has been at Happy Hollow since 1990 .
Meva is part of the Ruffed lemur Species Survival Plan ( SSP ) , a program of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums dedicated to long - term management and conservation of the lemur .
The Ruffed lemur SSP , consisting of fifty - two zoos , representing 166 individual animals , maintains genetic records of the Ruffed lemur in captivity throughout North America and makes recommendations to Zoos regarding breeding .
Red Ruffed lemurs are listed as endangered , due to habitat loss , hunting , and the pet trade as primary threats .
The exact status of the animals in the wild is not fully known .
Participation in the Ruffed lemur SSP gives zoos a direct impact on the status of an endangered species .
“ The SSP is the computer dating plan for Ruffed lemurs , ” says Valerie Riegel , Zoo Curator , “ After holding a bachelor group of Ruffed lemurs for almost twenty years , we were excited about the SSP breeding recommendation to provide the boys with the opportunity to meet a female for the first time - and are pleased to have the results of this significant pairing more than double the population of Red Ruffed lemurs here at the Zoo ! ”
Zoo staff have received numerous questions about where the animals are during the facility renovation .
“ The Zoo animals never left the facility during the closure – in fact they have been doing quite well , ” says Riegel .
“ New ones have arrived from other facilities as we prepare to re-open , and in some cases others have been born here like the lemurs and an endangered Parma wallaby . ”
Never before has a birthday cake photograph been so chilling .
( submitted by Tessa and Rebecca )
John McDonnell says he wants candidates to stay within the Labour Party Left wing Labour MPs are threatening to stand under their own manifesto at the next election if Prime Minister Gordon Brown fails to adopt their policies .
John McDonnell , chair of the Campaign group of Labour MPs , stresses he wants candidates to remain in the party .
But he said they could stand as Labour " change candidates " if Gordon Brown fails to alter his political course .
It comes as Blairite MP Charles Clarke said there could be a leadership challenge before the next election .
Both the the left and right wings of the party appear to be suggesting that Mr Brown is on probation after Monday 's meeting of Labour MPs in which he promised a more inclusive style of government .
Mr McDonnell , who failed to gain enough support to challenge Mr Brown before he entered Downing Street in 2007 , said the Labour left had deliberately steered clear of recent plots to oust Mr Brown and wanted to see a change of political direction instead .
' Real change '
Labour candidates standing on their own policy platform would be seen as a highly provocative move by the party leadership and could potentially see them being expelled from the party .
Mr McDonnell is careful to stress that he wants candidates to " bind together as a slate " within the Labour Party and set out to voters the policy programme they would advocate and vote for in Parliament .
If Labour is to stand any chance of surviving at the next election real change has to be visibly underway and progress demonstrated at the latest by the autumn
John McDonnell
But a Labour Party spokesman said : " Policy in the Labour Party is made via Partnership in Power , an inclusive and consultative process unique in British politics .
" Through discussion with the public , ordinary Labour members from each region and nation of Britain , elected members , and representatives from Labour Party 's affiliated organisations come together to agree a policy platform which best matches the aspirations and concerns of the British people .
" This process involves as many people as possible and not just a tiny section of the party or indeed the country . "
' Change candidates '
Among the policies Mr McDonnell wants to see is the restoration of trade union rights , more council houses , an end to public service privatisation , scrapping the Heathrow third runway , freezing and then abolishing student fees , scrapping Trident and ID cards and electoral reform .
He said : " If Labour is to stand any chance of surviving at the next election real change has to be visibly underway and progress demonstrated at the latest by the autumn .
If we go beyond November without real change , what hope is left of Labour not only remaining in government but surviving as an effective political force at all ? "
He said a leadership challenge at that stage " would almost certainly be blocked again by MPs failing to nominate " and the only alternative would be for Labour MPs to " stand on a policy platform of real change as ' change candidates ' " at the next general election .
Clarke speaks out Mr McDonnell chairs the Socialist Campaign Group , which includes 24 Labour MPs .
They represent some of Labour 's safest seats but some , such as Frank Cook and Bob Marshall - Andrews , are standing down at the next election and Ian Gibson is quitting to force a by - election , after being barred from standing as a Labour candidate after criticism of his expenses claims .
Meanwhile , at the other end of Labour 's political spectrum , former home secretary Charles Clarke has said he still wants Mr Brown to stand down but he admits that a recent attempt by some backbenchers to remove him is now over .
But he said it " depends entirely on Gordon " as to whether he led the party into the next election .
In an interview with Andrew Neil 's Straight Talk , to be broadcast on Saturday , June 12 at 2230 on the BBC News Channel , he said : " " If , for example , the poll ratings go up or we win these by - elections which are going to come through or whatever , I think the issue will go away and he can be confident he leads us into the next election . "
But he added : " If , on the other hand , he somehow does n't fulfil those things or electorally we do badly or whatever it might be , then the issue will still be there .
He added : " He himself gave a set of commitments to the Parliamentary Labour Party at that meeting last Monday night about his performance , his behaviour , his approach , and I think people will look at all those things and make their judgements in the light of them . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
382 KB
When you open the app , you will see a small box which asks for your Twitter id and password .
Enter the id and password of the Twitter account which will be used by Tweet My PC to monitor your tweets .
When you click on Save and Close , Tweet My PC takes some time to verify your account .
When the account has been verified , you can tweet Shutdown , Restart and Logoff to perform the respective action .
The commands are Case Sensitive .
So if you tweet shutdown or restart , then nothing will happen .
I have tried this app and I tweeted 2 minute Countdown Timer asking me to save all the work I was doing as the PC was going to Shutdown .
I find this app very useful as I can control my PC even when I am not at home using my Twitter account .
Now that Twitter has become very popular , many new apps based on Twitter are coming up .
We can expect many more useful apps which use Twitter in the future .
You can follow me on Twitter
Update :
When you open the app , you will see a small box which asks for your Twitter id and password .
Enter the id and password of the Twitter account which will be used by Tweet My PC to monitor your tweets .
When you click on , Tweet My PC takes some time to verify your account .
When the account has been verified , you can tweetandto perform the respective action .
The commands are .
So if you tweetor , then nothing will happen .
I have tried this app and I tweeted Restart .
Within a minute of the tweet being published , I saw a window withasking me to save all the work I was doing as the PC was going to Shutdown .
I find this app very useful as I can control my PC even when I am not at home using my Twitter account .
Now that Twitter has become very popular , many new apps based on Twitter are coming up .
We can expect many more useful apps which use Twitter in the future .
You can follow me on Twitter @rahuljrark
Last week a new Twitter based app was released by @shobankr called Tweet My PC .
This is a great app as you can Restart , Shutdown or Logoff your PC using your Twitter Account .
This means that you do n't even need to be in front of your computer to switch it off .
Just tweet from your mobile and your PC will shut down .
We can even use this app to play pranks on other people by Shutting down or restarting their PC without their knowledge .
Its totally upto you , how you would use this app .
The best thing about this app it that its very small , just .
So you do n't need to worry about it taking space and consuming the PC resources .
When you install this app , it will appear in the system tray .
You can see the Tweet My PC icon in the system tray .
Just double click the icon to open it .
@shobankr has added some great features to Tweet My PC which make is even more intresting .
Visit Code Geeks to read the post .
Gringo Lingo , Featured Content
It ’s bound to happen eventually .
At one point or another , everyone makes a humiliating mistake while speaking Spanish .
But whether you ’re aware that you have committed such an error is another question entirely .
The following are some of my favorites that were overheard in Spanish in Argentina or unfortunately committed myself ( being a mediocre at best Spanish student ) .
Hopefully all you readers out there can learn from these mistakes and avoid committing these same Spanish fails yourselves !
Here we go :
Best Spanish fails overheard
Intended word : remera ( t - shirt )
Intended statement : I would like that T - shirt over there please .
What was said : “ Quisiera la ramera verde ahí por favor . ”
Translation : I would like the green whore over there please .
Conclusion : Just like most languages only one letter of a difference can mean hilarity for your unintended audience .
Intended word : vergüenza ( embarrassed )
Intended statement : I was so embarrassed .
What was said : “ Yo tenía mucho embarazada . ”
Translation : I was very pregnant .
Conclusion : Ouch , we ’ve all heard of this one .
One of the most common beginner mistakes using the logic , “ Just put an O or an A at the end of the English word you want to say and maybe it will be close ” technique .
Clearly , this does n’t always work out for the best .
Intended word : pera ( pear )
Intended statement : I would like 5 pears please .
What was said : “ Me gustaría 5 perras por favor . ”
Translation : I would like 5 bitches please .
Conclusion :
The rolling of the R , when used unnecessarily , could win you a harem .
Intended word : cono ( cone )
Intended statement : I would like a small cone please with vanilla .
What was said : Quisiera un coño pequeña por favor , con vanilla .
Translation : I would like a small pussy please , with vanilla .
Conclusion : Watch that ñ!
Granted that coño is slang in Spain , most of the Spanish - speaking world understands that word .
Intended word : tomar ( take )
Intended statement : I took a cab .
What was said : Cogé un taxi .
Translation : I humped a taxi .
Conclusion :
You can always spot an Argentine on a flight because of this one .
Most Spanish speaking countries have announcements on planes that use the word “ coger ” as in “ to take ” for the safety instruction segment .
Argentines primarily use the word to refer to sex .
Intended phrase : No way !
What was said : Mi en pedo !
Translation :
Me in a fart !
Conclusion : Tricky phrase that has crushing consequences if used wrong .
Be sure to use the N and not the M . “ Ni en pedo ” means “ no way ” .
( Seriously , we have an entire article about farting phrases here if you ’re interested . )
Intended phrase : I read it in a forum .
What was said : Lo leí en un forro .
Translation : I read it in a condom !
Conclusion :
Once again that tricky roll of the R is not necessary .
Forro being the Argentine slang term and foro , with 1 R meaning forum .
Intended word : years ( años )
Intended statement : How old are you ?
What was said : Cuántos anos tenés ?
Translation :
How many anuses do you have ?
Conclusion :
The Ñ pronunciation should be especially focused on to avoid this error .
Intended word : hot ( calor )
Intended statement : I ’m hot .
What was said : Estoy caliente .
Translation : I ’m horny .
Conclusion : Caliente can be interpreted as slang for horny , but in general means hot .
Intended word : excited ( emocionante )
Intended statement : I ’m really excited to be here !
What was said : Estoy muy excitado para estar acá !
Translation : I ’m really horny to be here !
Conclusion : I ’ve heard different opinions on this one , Argentines and foreign students alike .
Many Argentines believe this word is more commonly used as slang for horny .
Others claim there is nothing wrong with using it as an adjective .
Intended statement : I do n’t care ( Me chupa un huevo )
What was said :
Me chupo un huevo
Translation : I sucked my own ball
Conclusion : Conjugations can be especially important when using reflexive verbs or verbs with pronouns .
For more Argentine slang in swearing territory .
Intended word : cancha ( playing field , pitch )
Intended statement : Fueron a la cancha de golf ( They went to the golf course )
What was said : “ Fueron a la concha de golf ”
Translation :
They went to the golf pussy .
Conclusion : Golf pussies , exclusive and elegant locations , are located throughout the Buenos Aires area .
Some are renowned for their prestigious and well maintained putting greens .
We hope you enjoyed the schadenfreude !
To improve your Argentine slang ( dubbed “ Lunfardo “ ) and avoid these Spanish fails yourself , check out Swearing Translated , or Helpful Phrases in Argentine Spanish .
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
The plumes have been one of the great discoveries of the Cassini mission
Nasa 's Cassini spacecraft has obtained strong evidence that Saturn 's tiny moon Enceladus retains liquid water .
The probe has detected sodium salts in the vicinity of the satellite , which appear to spew from its south pole .
Liquid water that is in prolonged contact with rock will leach out sodium - in exactly the same way as Earth 's oceans have become salty over time .
Scientists tell Nature magazine that the liquid water may reside in caverns just below the surface of the moon .
If confirmed , it is a stunning result .
It means the Saturnian satellite may be one of the most promising places in the Solar System to search for signs of extraterrestrial life .
" We need three ingredients for life , as far as we know - liquid water , energy and the basic chemical building blocks - and we seem to have all three at Enceladus , including some fairly complex organic molecules , " commented John Spencer , a Cassini scientist from the Southwest Research Institute , Boulder , Colorado .
" That 's not to say there is life on Enceladus but certainly the ' feedstock ' is there for life to use if it does exist , " he told BBC News .
ENCELADUS - AN ACTIVE MOON OF SATURN Enceladus experiences tidal contortions as it orbits its parent planet
This energy is producing a " hotspot " at the satellite 's southern pole Big cracks ( L ) are 100 degrees warmer than the surrounding ice surface
These tiger stripes are the source of immense plumes ( R )
Scientists have been looking for sodium near Enceladus since the discovery in 2005 that this 500 km - wide moon was active and hurling water vapour and ice particles into space .
The vapour and ice particles emerge in super - fast jets from a series of " warm " surface cracks referred to as " tiger stripes " because of their resemblance to the big cat 's coat markings .
Researchers speculated that the jets could be being fed by a large sub - surface body of liquid water , even an ocean .
But the best indicator remained frustratingly elusive .
If it existed , such a mass of water in contact with rock deep within Enceladus would acquire a range of dissolved salts over time and these ought to be detectable in the jets by Earth telescopes .
Indeed , sodium ( which in Earth 's oceans forms the dominant sea salt , sodium chloride ) is one of the easiest elements for observatories to spot in space .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
However , even mighty telescopes like the Keck on Mauna Kea in Hawaii could never see sodium when they looked towards Enceladus .
The latest Cassini data appears to solve this conundrum .
The Nasa spacecraft has been flying through Saturn 's outer E ring which is sustained by the constant stream of material coming up from the tiger stripes .
Using its Cosmic Dust Analyser ( CDA ) , Cassini has analysed thousands of ice grains and directly " tasted " the missing salt - principally sodium chloride and sodium bicarbonate ( " baking soda " ) .
The amounts , though , are tiny - less than 2 % of the mass of the sampled grains .
The low abundance helps explain why the telescopes had overlooked the salt .
The fact that the sodium is bound into the water - ice molecules also effectively hides its light signature from the observatories ' instruments .
However , scientists say the Cassini and telescope observations taken together give hints about what the water reservoir on Enceladus might look like .
HOW THE 'PLUMBING ' MIGHT LOOK
Tidal heating melts ices to produce a large sub - surface sea Liquid water in contact with the rocky core dissolves minerals
The salty water moves up through the mantle to large caverns
The bubbling reservoirs slowly vaporise and make ice grains
This material is drawn up through cracks and shot out into space Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The popular picture that is now emerging is of a very deep mass of water pressed up against the moon 's rocky core and which is dissolving the salts .
Water from this sub - surface sea is then working its way up to shallower reservoirs through a network of faults in Enceladus 's ice mantle .
Scientists envisage misty caverns just below the tiger stripes where some of the water vaporises free of sodium and some of it becomes frozen into the small grains detected by Cassini .
" Water droplets are probably lifted by gas bubbles in the water ( like the spray you see above sparkling water ) , " said Nature author Frank Postberg , a CDA scientist with the Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics , Heidelberg , Germany .
" These aerosol - droplets shock freeze and conserve the liquid composition .
Then they are accelerated upwards through the cracks in the ice crust by the up - streaming vapour . "
Critically , the whole process cannot be too energetic otherwise the salt would be blown into space in a way that would be visible to Earth telescopes .
A previous suggestion that the jets are geyser - like phenomena is dead .
" This idea of slow evaporation from a deep cavernous ocean is not the dramatic idea that we imagined before , but it is possible given both our results so far , " said Professor Nicholas Schneider , whose telescopes team has a companion paper to Postberg 's in Nature .
But the Colorado University - Boulder scientist also cautioned that the presence of sub - surface water was not yet proven fact .
Several other explanations for the jets were equally plausible , he said .
" It could still be warm ice vaporising away into space .
It could even be places where the crust rubs against itself from tidal motions and the friction creates liquid water that would then evaporate into space , " he said .
" These are all hypotheses but we can't verify any one with the results so far . "
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a co-operative project of Nasa , the European Space Agency ( Esa ) and the Italian space agency ( Asi ) .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Some people access the internet at public centres Some 43 % of adults who currently do not have internet access would remain disconnected even if they were given a free PC and broadband connection .
The statistic , part of research conducted by regulator Ofcom will make depressing reading for some .
But it is not all bad news .
Ofcom 's survey found that one in five adults who do n't have the internet plan to go online in the next six months .
17 million Britons - 30 % of the population - are currently offline .
The government is keen to get more people online , as it moves more of its services on to the web .
Self - excluded
Next week sees the publication of the Digital Britain report , which will lay out the government 's plans for broadband for the next decade or so .
A key part of it will be a commitment to get a minimum of 2 M bps ( megabits per second ) broadband to every home in the UK by 2012 .
The Ofcom research identified two main groups of people without access to the net - the self - excluded and those who are staying offline for financial reasons .
Not all older people are silver surfers Some 42 % of adults said that they had no interest or need for the internet .
This so - called self - excluded group tended to be older or retired , with 61 % confessing to never having used a computer .
For 30 % of those currently offline the main reasons given for that choice was financial or lack of skills .
Half - price computers and discounted monthly tariffs may not be the way forward though .
When asked what would change their minds about going online , only 9 % said cheaper deals would be an incentive .
Free training was identified by 11 % with the majority ( 58 % ) choosing " not interested " or " do n't know " .
One in five adults those said they would sign up for some form of internet service in the next six months .
Essential utility " Broadband is becoming increasingly important to people 's ability to participate in the economy and society , " said Ofcom 's market development partner Peter Phillips .
" The report shows that some creativity will be required if we wish to capture the imaginations of those who have yet to engage with the benefits the internet may bring , " he said .
A report from market research firm SQW Consulting estimated that the average UK household could make savings of up to £ 70 a month by shopping online .
The Communications Consumer Panel , which advises Ofcom on broadband issues , recently conducted research among 2,000 people , both on and offline .
It found that 73 % described broadband as essential a utility as water or electricity .
Ofcom estimates that internet penetration in the UK stands at 70 % .
Of this , 65 % have broadband with 2 % still using dial - up and 3 % using mobile broadband .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tomorrow we ’ll be starting to launch Wolfram| Alpha .
But today ( May 14 , 2009 ) is the seventh anniversary of the publication of Stephen Wolfram ’s book A New Kind of Science .
It ’s a curious — and unintentional — juxtaposition .
Because in a sense NKS is the intellectual structure that ’s now making Wolfram| Alpha possible .
And Wolfram|Alpha is the first “ killer app ” of NKS .
Stephen Wolfram has written a blog today that reports on the state of NKS and explains a little bit of that connection .
Push - ups , crunches , gyms , personal trainers -- people have many strategies for building bigger muscles and stronger bones .
But what can one do to build a bigger brain ?
Meditate .
That 's the finding from a group of researchers at UCLA who used high - resolution magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) to scan the brains of people who meditate .
In a study published in the journal NeuroImage and currently available online ( by subscription ) , the researchers report that certain regions in the brains of long - term meditators were larger than in a similar control group .
Specifically , meditators showed significantly larger volumes of the hippocampus and areas within the orbito - frontal cortex , the thalamus and the inferior temporal gyrus -- all regions known for regulating emotions .
" We know that people who consistently meditate have a singular ability to cultivate positive emotions , retain emotional stability and engage in mindful behavior , " said Eileen Luders , lead author and a postdoctoral research fellow at the UCLA Laboratory of Neuro Imaging .
" The observed differences in brain anatomy might give us a clue why meditators have these exceptional abilities . "
Research has confirmed the beneficial aspects of meditation .
In addition to having better focus and control over their emotions , many people who meditate regularly have reduced levels of stress and bolstered immune systems .
But less is known about the link between meditation and brain structure .
In the study , Luders and her colleagues examined 44 people -- 22 control subjects and 22 who had practiced various forms of meditation , including Zazen , Samatha and Vipassana , among others .
The amount of time they had practiced ranged from five to 46 years , with an average of 24 years .
More than half of all the meditators said that deep concentration was an essential part of their practice , and most meditated between 10 and 90 minutes every day .
The researchers used a high - resolution , three - dimensional form of MRI and two different approaches to measure differences in brain structure .
One approach automatically divides the brain into several regions of interest , allowing researchers to compare the size of certain brain structures .
The other segments the brain into different tissue types , allowing researchers to compare the amount of gray matter within specific regions of the brain .
The researchers found significantly larger cerebral measurements in meditators compared with controls , including larger volumes of the right hippocampus and increased gray matter in the right orbito - frontal cortex , the right thalamus and the left inferior temporal lobe .
There were no regions where controls had significantly larger volumes or more gray matter than meditators .
Because these areas of the brain are closely linked to emotion , Luders said , " these might be the neuronal underpinnings that give meditators ' the outstanding ability to regulate their emotions and allow for well - adjusted responses to whatever life throws their way . "
What 's not known , she said , and will require further study , are what the specific correlates are on a microscopic level -- that is , whether it's an increased number of neurons , the larger size of the neurons or a particular " wiring " pattern meditators may develop that other people do n't .
Because this was not a longitudinal study -- which would have tracked meditators from the time they began meditating onward -- it 's possible that the meditators already had more regional gray matter and volume in specific areas ; that may have attracted them to meditation in the first place , Luders said .
However , she also noted that numerous previous studies have pointed to the brain 's remarkable plasticity and how environmental enrichment has been shown to change brain structure .
###
Other authors of the study included Arthur Toga , director of UCLA Laboratory of Neuro Imaging ; Natasha Lepore of UCLA ; and Christian Gaser of the University of Jena in Germany .
Funding for the study was provided by the National Institutes of Health .
The authors report no conflicts of interest .
The UCLA Laboratory of Neuro Imaging , which seeks to improve understanding of the brain in health and disease , is a leader in the development of advanced computational algorithms and scientific approaches for the comprehensive and quantitative mapping of brain structure and function .
The laboratory is part of the UCLA Department of Neurology , which encompasses more than a dozen research , clinical and teaching programs .
The department has ranked No. 1 among its peers nationwide in National Institutes of Health funding for the last seven years ( 2002-08 ) .
For more news , visit the UCLA Newsroom .
For dividend lovers , the past year has been brutal .
Dividend cuts have come at the fastest pace in more than 50 years .
Check out some of these not - so - obscure companies that have cut their dividend in the past 12 months or so :
Company Dividend Cut US Bancorp ( NYSE : USB ) 88 % BB&T ( NYSE : BBT ) 68 % Dow Chemical ( NYSE : DOW ) 64 % General Electric 68 %
Those are n't even modest little trims .
They 're whoppers .
And for some of these companies , cuts like this have n't happened in a long time .
In its 112 - year history , Dow Chemical , for example , had never cut its dividend .
For General Electric , you 'd have to go back 71 years to find the last reduction .
The news gets even scarier .
Ned Davis Research assessed S&P 500 stock returns from January 1972 to April 2009 , based on companies ' dividend policies :
Category Annual Gain , 1972 to 2009 $ 100 Became ... Dividend cutters or eliminators 0.5 % $ 120 Non- dividend payers 0.7 % $ 129 S&P 500 6.2 % $ 941 Dividend payers with no change in dividends 6.2 % $ 941 Dividend growers and initiators 8.7 % $ 2,246
Monthly data , Jan. 31 , 1972 , to April 30 , 2009 .
Copyright 2009 Ned Davis Research , Inc. Further distribution prohibited without prior permission .
All rights reserved .
That data may frighten investors who 've just watched blue chips such as GE and Dow Chemical reduce their payouts to shareholders .
Let 's examine the implications :
S&P 500 companies that cut or eliminated their dividends are dead last in terms of total returns .
So to avoid dividend blowups , be extra mindful of high payout ratios , companies with industry headwinds , and dividend payers with iffy track records .
Non-dividend payers were n't all that much better -- they turned $ 100 into just $ 129 over that time frame .
By a substantial margin , dividend growers or initiators were the best - in - breed among S&P 500 stocks .
Thirty - seven years not enough for you ?
In " The Secret of Dividends , " my colleague Shannon Zimmerman explained that between January 1926 and December 2006 , " 41 % of the S&P 500's total return was due not to the price appreciation of the stocks in the index , but to the dividends its companies paid out . "
What to do
Clearly , dividends cut both ways .
The lesson , then , is to focus on companies that have a history of increasing their dividends .
Here 's a way to start doing just that .
1. Look for overachievers .
You can find such companies through the Dividend Achiever index , which features companies that have upped their dividends for at least 10 years in a row .
2. Screen .
The Dividend Achievers list features more than 275 U.S. companies , so you 'll then want to narrow down your search .
Following are four companies that meet the following screening criteria :
They are each Dividend Achievers .
They have at least a three - star rating from our Motley Fool CAPS community .
They have increased their payouts by at least 10 % per year for the past five years .
Company CAPS Rating ( Out of 5 ) Dividend Yield 5 - Year Dividend Growth Rate United Technologies ( NYSE : UTX ) **** 2.8 % 19 % Johnson Controls ( NYSE : JCI ) *** 2.5 % 17 % Colgate - Palmolive ( NYSE:CL ) ***** 2.5 % 12 % PepsiCo ( NYSE : PEP ) ***** 3.3 % 21 %
Source : Indxis , Motley Fool CAPS , MSN Money .
3 . See our favorite picks .
We 'd love to introduce you to many promising dividend payers in our Income Investor service , which you can try for free .
On average , its picks are beating the market handily and boast an average dividend yield of 5.5 % .
Click here to learn more about a 30 - day trial .
Last lessons
Finally , a glance at the returns of non-dividend payers should drive home how much your portfolio might suffer if it does n't have some solid dividend payers in it .
Note , after all , how close the returns are for dividend cutters and non-payers .
There have been time periods in which dividend cutters still came out ahead of non-payers .
Ignore the awesome power of dividends at your own portfolio's peril .
Already an Income Investor subscriber ?
Log in at the top of this page .
This article was originally published on May 19 , 2009 .
It has been updated .
Longtime Fool contributor Selena Maranjian owns shares of PepsiCo and General Electric .
PepsiCo is a Motley Fool Income Investor recommendation .
The Motley Fool is Fools writing for Fools .
is a great place to study online and graduate fast .
Sven appears to be having a rough time of it .
So , I do n't normally like to get all ostentatious or boastful about stuff , but this year for my birthday ( June 17th ) I decided to get a guitar .
But not just any guitar - a custom - made , hand - built Creston !
I recieved it today , and Creston did an incredible job .
It is essentially my ultimate Telecaster , and there are pretty pictures of it here .
I also made a short audio file where I walk through what it sounds like .
If you 'd like to hear my incredibly nerdy voice ( and some slightly less nerdy guitar playing ) , click here Anyway thank you Creston !
And thank YOU , dear readers , for supporting me and allowing me to own such a fine instrument .
It really means a lot to me .
Okay I MUST be tired if I 'm getting all sentimental in a newspost .
See you tomorrow .
Apart from the time restriction and the refusal to accept Israel ’s existence , Mr. Meshal ’s terms approximate the Arab League peace plan and what the Palestinian Authority of President Mahmoud Abbas says it is seeking .
Israel rejects a full return to the 1967 borders , as well as a Palestinian right of return to Israel itself .
Image Khaled Meshaal , the political leader - in - exile of Hamas , in Damascus .
Credit ... Mumtaz al - Baloua for The New York Times
Regarding recognition of Israel , Mr. Meshal said the Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat and Mr. Abbas had granted such recognition , but to no avail .
“ Did that recognition lead to an end of the occupation ?
It ’s just a pretext by the United States and Israel to escape dealing with the real issue and to throw the ball into the Arab and Palestinian court , ” he said .
In April , only six rockets and mortar rounds were fired at Israel from Gaza , which is run by Hamas , a marked change from the previous three months , when dozens were shot , according to the Israeli military .
In late December , Israel began a three - week invasion of Gaza , saying that it sought to stop the rockets , which land on its southern communities .
About 1,300 Palestinians were killed in the invasion .
Mr. Meshal made an effort to show that Hamas was in control of its militants as well as those of other groups , saying : “ Not firing the rockets currently is part of an evaluation from the movement which serves the Palestinians ’ interest .
After all , the firing is a method , not a goal .
Resistance is a legitimate right , but practicing such a right comes under an evaluation by the movement ’s leaders . ”
He said his group was eager for a cease - fire with Israel and for a deal that would return an Israeli soldier it is holding captive , Cpl. Gilad Shalit , in exchange for many Palestinian prisoners .
Iran is a major sponsor of Hamas , and Israel and the United States worry that Gaza has become an Iranian outpost .
But Mr. Meshal said : “ Iran ’s support to us is not conditioned .
No one controls or affects our policies . ”
Asked whether his movement , a branch of the Muslim Brotherhood and Islamist in outlook , wanted to bring strict Muslim law to Gaza and the West Bank , he said no .
“ The priority is ending the occupation and achieving the national project , ” Mr. Meshal said .
“ As for the nature of the state , it ’s to be determined by the people .
It will never be imposed upon them . ”
The last Jews of Yemen are leaving .
They are packing their bags and moving to Israel or the US .
A community dating back to Biblical times is on the brink of extinction .
Sixty years ago one million Jews lived in Arab countries , but violence and state - sanctioned discrimination scapegoating them as Zionist spies have forced out all but 4,000 – who remain mainly in Yemen , Morocco and Tunisia .
Most Jews were airlifted from Yemen to Israel in the 1950s .
The 400 left have resisted moving to Israel , having come under the influence of the non-Zionist Satmar sect .
Some returned after a taste of life in the US or Israel ( the government generally turns a blind eye to Jews travelling to the Jewish state ) .
Now things have got so bad that even these die - hards are departing .
The murder in December of Moshe al - Nahari , a 30 - year - old teacher based in Reda , north of the Yemeni capital , sparked this latest crisis .
At first , the authorities claimed that the murderer was " mentally imbalanced " .
But it became clear that he was religiously motivated , screaming " convert or die , Jew ! " as he pumped five bullets into his victim .
For some time jihadist gangs have been harassing Jews in Yemen .
Girls have been abducted and forced to marry local tribesmen .
Two years ago , 45 Jews , driven out of their village of al - Salem in north Yemen by threats from Shia Houthis , were relocated to the capital Sana'a .
Yemen is hardly an oasis of tranquility : it has more guns than people .
The Jews are not the only ones to suffer in its long history of lawlessness and instability .
Lately , however , Jews have had it especially tough .
Jews , tribal sheikhs , rights activists and lawyers all concur that harassment has reached an all - time high .
After al - Nahari 's murder , the Jews were besieged in their own homes and petrol bombs lobbed at them .
Moshe 's brother , rabbi Yahia Ya'ish , appealed to the government : " protect or deport us " .
Those wishing to leave could not claim their passports because the government 's computers had mysteriously broken down .
Yemen 's president , Ali Abdullah Saleh , pledged to take the Jews under his wing in Sana 'a , where , in contrast to the countryside , he has firm control .
Some say the government is well - meaning but ineffective ; others that the promised relocation was never serious .
The Jews were to be re-housed in two blocks , too cramped for their large families and vulnerable to attack .
But they could not even sell their homes in Reda after local imams intimidated would - be buyers .
The Al - Nahari murder verdict in March was the last straw .
During the trial the murderer 's family threatened the victim 's relatives .
Instead of the prescribed death sentence , the judge ordered the murderer to pay " blood money " .
The Jews felt less secure than ever : the Jewish Agency and the US government swung into action to plan the Jews ' rescue and resettlement .
Mahmud Taha , a journalist who has been following the story , is not surprised that the Jews want to go .
" There is no option for the Yemeni Jews but to migrate .
The local authorities have failed to protect them ...
The Jews are fed up and have reached an intolerable situation , " he said .
Mansour Hayel , a Muslim human rights activist and Yemeni Jewry expert , blames the government : " In Yemen there is hardly a mosque sermon that 's free of bigotry .
The government 's own political rhetoric marginalises the Jews , and civil society is too weak to protect them , " he says .
Perhaps because they understand that tolerance towards minorities is the key to strengthening Yemen civil society , Yemeni human rights activists
have been vigorously defending Jewish rights .
They want the media to start promoting democracy and tolerance ; and equal civil rights for Jews , who pay discriminatory taxes and , as dhimmis , suffer various handicaps under sharia law .
But Jews whose lives are in danger are unlikely to stick around long enough to see such reforms implemented .
The lesson one draws from the final exodus of the Jews of Yemen is that the Arab world does not even tolerate non-Zionist Jews .
There can be no future for the pitiful remnant in Arab lands if their safety cannot be guaranteed .
In Morocco , where the Jewish community is largest , Jews traditionally repaid the king 's sympathy with tremendous loyalty .
But the king of Morocco was unable or unwilling to prevent 260,000 Jews leaving in the face of rising antisemitism in the 1960s , media incitement and forced conversions .
Even benevolent rulers have been powerless to stem the rising tide of anti-Jewish hatred engulfing the Arab world .
Few Arabs are now likely to meet a Jew in their lifetime , and the gullible believe the demonisation and conspiracy theories peddled by their media .
No wonder Jews have spurned official invitations for them to return to live in their countries of birth .
Jews visit as tourists , but few see their future in these countries .
In Tunisia and Morocco al - Qaida targeted Jews in 2002 and 2003 .
In April the murder of a Jew in Casablanca sent the community into a panic .
In May , eight terrorists were arrested for planning attacks on Jewish sites .
If Morocco and Tunisia fail to keep a lid on jihadist terrorism and incitement , their last Jews , too , will soon be following the beleaguered Jews of Yemen into exile .
Lauren writes to me , lamenting her difficulties with an emergency fund :
I want to have an emergency fund , but every time I think about the amount of money I would have to save , I talk myself out of starting .
Instead , I find something else to spend the money on and then something happens and I regret not having that fund .
Over the last couple months , I ’ve bought a big pile of DVDs to cure the winter blues .
I ’ve easily dropped hundreds of dollars on them .
A few days ago , my car broke down and the bill was … hundreds of dollars .
Can you help me get started with an emergency fund ?
I feel like I ’m missing something .
At almost the same time , I spied an interesting comment over at Lifehacker :
My goal is the 8 month saving expense plan that Suzie Orman always talks about .
To have enough saved up to FULLY pay all expenses for 8 months …it ’s really difficult to do , but as long as you keep the focus on it , once it ’s accomplished , it ’ll be such a good emergency buffer .
Yes , Suze does preach about an eight month emergency fund .
It ’s a great goal , but it ’s a pretty lofty and intimidating one for many people .
It seems that , in this economy , a lot of people are thinking seriously about their emergency funds .
Frankly , I think that ’s a very good thing – emergency funds are a key part of a healthy personal finance situation .
The biggest problem , though , is that it ’s intimidating – eight months ?
That ’s a lot of savings .
Trust me , it ’s not as hard as it sounds .
Three years ago , my wife and I were nearly bankrupt .
Today , we have an emergency fund that ’s actually larger than Orman ’s recommendation – we’d be fine easily through the end of the year if things fell apart .
You can do this .
Here ’s how .
What Is An Emergency Fund ?
The first step along the way is to understand what an emergency fund actually is .
An emergency fund is cash that you ’ve saved up for the sole purpose of helping you maintain your normal life through the emergencies that life hands you .
Most of the time , you should n’t touch the emergency fund at all – it just sits there earning a bit of interest and waiting until you actually need it .
When you lose your job .
When an appliance breaks down .
When your car needs a repair .
Quite often , people who do n’t have an emergency fund see the idea of having to save up money as some form of punishment – after all , money put in a savings account and locked away is money that ca n’t be used to live , right ?
Actually , it ’s quite the opposite – having an emergency fund means that you do have room to breathe .
You do n’t have to completely panic if your car breaks down or if you lose your job or if you suddenly need to replace a hot water heater .
Instead of having to find some way to squeeze those expenses onto a credit card or beg a friend for some money to help , you can just pay the bill – no worries .
Another problem that I often hear about when it comes to emergency funds is the temptation that people have to spend the money on things that are n’t emergencies .
They see that they ’ve built up several hundred dollars in savings and they start thinking about buying a flat panel television or going on a trip – and that ’s just what they do .
If you want to have a savings account for big splurges , that ’s great – start a “ splurge fund , ” too , if it makes sense for you .
It ’s important , though , to just leave the emergency fund completely alone until you need it .
Deposit money in there and do n’t even look at the balance until an actual emergency occurs .
First Steps with Emergency Funds
Set Your Initial Target Low
So , what ’s the first step ?
Many people bite off a gigantic goal for their emergency fund right off the bat and then find that it ’s very hard to get there .
Eight months of living expenses is an enormous goal , one that will take years to reach – and along the way , you ’re bound to get disheartened .
Instead , one great way to start is to set a goal that ’s more reasonable .
Make it your initial goal to have an emergency fund of just $ 250 or $ 500 .
That ’s a goal that you can reach in just a few months ( or even less if you ’re in a good income situation ) and yet it ’s an amount that can make a huge difference when you have an emergency .
Then , break that goal down into smaller pieces .
Perhaps you can save $ 25 a week .
If that ’s the case , you can have a $ 250 emergency fund in just ten weeks , so you can set that as your overall goal .
Maybe you can put away $ 40 a week , which would bring you to the $ 500 goal in three months .
My advice is to not set your savings plan too high at first , either in terms of the amount you can save each week or the overall amount .
It should challenge you just a bit , but not be a number that ’s simply unreachable .
Find Your Breathing Room
“ That ’s great , ” you ’re thinking , “ but where am I going to come up with $ 25 a week ?
I barely make ends meet now . ”
That ’s a pretty typical sentiment from people who are just beginning to turn their financial situation around .
There are a lot of ways to come up with extra money throughout the month .
Ways to Get Your Emergency Fund Started
Request a rate reduction on your credit cards
If you ’re carrying a credit card balance , getting your interest rate reduced will directly save you money each month .
Just flip over your credit card , call the number on the back , ask to speak to a supervisor , and simply request that the rate be reduced .
Suggest that you ’re considering transferring your balance off of the card .
Speaking of which , you might consider transferring that balance to a card with no interest for transfers , which can help you pay off that debt faster .
Shop around for better auto insurance and homeowners insurance
Try Progressive , Geico , American Family , State Farm , and AIG , for starters .
Just visit their websites , get some quotes , and make a switch .
Install a programmable thermostat – and program it
Pretty simple , actually – it just takes thirty minutes or so and will cut your cooling and heating bill by 20 or 30 percent .
Set it so that the air conditioner and / or furnace do n’t run while you ’re sleeping or at work so that the energy is n’t wasted when no one is around or awake to enjoy it .
Use a list for grocery shopping
Ten minutes of planning before you go will save you at least ten minutes in the store , plus it will help you stay focused on the stuff you actually need , reducing your grocery bill because you ’re putting less unnecessary stuff in the cart .
Transform one splurge a month
Instead of going out for an expensive dinner once a month , turn that dinner into a meal prepared at home .
You ’ll save quite a bit even if you prepare something very fancy in your own kitchen .
Set up a carpool
Find someone that lives fairly close to you that works where you do and start carpooling together .
Even if you can only do it a few days a week , you ’ll still drastically cut down on your commute costs , plus it will be a lot harder to stop for those impulse splurges .
Use public transportation
Even better , get in the habit of using public transportation for your commuting needs .
Most metropolitan areas have surprisingly good public transportation options – and they ’re far cheaper ( and not all that much more time consuming ) than driving yourself .
Get on the bike
Want to start getting in better shape ?
Only live a mile or two from your work ?
That ’s a perfect situation to get a bike and start using it for the commute instead of wasting your dollars on gas and car maintenance .
Trim unnecessary monthly bills
Are you subscribing to Netflix but rarely using it ?
Cut it !
Are you paying for premium cable channels that you never watch ?
Trim them !
Snowflake
Quite often , when people come into a bit of unexpected money , they tend to spend it without thinking about it .
They decide not to stop for coffee , but then choose to spend it later on take out , for example .
Instead of spending that “ found money , ” take some or all of it and immediately put it into your emergency fund .
If you have online banking , that ’s pretty easy – just transfer it out of your checking account .
The key thing here is to actually save this savings .
Instead of just spending the money on something else , put that money away towards your emergency fund .
If you find that you ’re actually saving more than $ 50 a week with these tactics , then put more into the emergency fund or increase the amount you ’re putting into your retirement savings .
Make It Automatic
So , you ’ve trimmed $ 50 a week from your spending , but now you have this cash sitting there and it ’s tempting to spend it on something more exciting than an emergency fund .
You ’re tempted …
… but you do n’t have to be tempted .
Instead , you can set up an automatic savings plan to sweep that money straight out of your checking account and into your savings account that you ’re using for an emergency fund .
If you have n’t already , I recommend setting up an online savings account at a bank separate than the one you normally do business with for your emergency fund .
Doing this not only lets you shop around for a bank with good service and good savings account rates , but it also causes you to put the money in a place that ’s not quite so easy to access .
You ca n’t just run to the ATM or stop by the teller window and withdraw cash from it – you have to go to your computer , order a transfer , and wait for a day or two to access the cash , which is more than enough time for you to think carefully about what you ’re doing and not get sucked in by impulse .
So , sign up for an online savings account with good service and a solid interest rate ( for help , here ’s a list of the best savings accounts and best IRA accounts ) , set up an automatic plan at that bank to sweep $ 50 ( or whatever you can save ) a week into that savings account , and then forget about it .
Since you ’ve already freed up that money through tightening your belt just a bit , this should be quite easy to do .
Set Reasonable Milestones Along the Way
In a few months , you ’ll hit that first milestone – and it ’ll feel good .
That account will have enough money in it that it ’ll start earning a bit of interest on its own and you ’ll start to feel in control of the situation .
Now ’s the time to keep going .
Set another goal – an emergency fund of $ 1,000 .
Keep that automatic savings plan in place .
Once you reach that goal , aim for a single month ’s worth of living expenses .
Then two months .
Then three .
And just keep watching that emergency fund grow .
Obviously , when you do have an emergency , tap that fund .
Do n’t put your car repair bill on the credit card .
Do n’t start living on plastic while you ’re between jobs .
Instead , keep living a financially stable life thanks to your planning ahead .
You might just find that this is a lot of fun – so you might start seeking out more ways to save .
Just keep setting goals for yourself and keep pushing yourself just a little to make it there .
Before you know it , your life wo n’t be disrupted by these kinds of emergencies – and you ’ll sleep a lot better at night knowing that .
Fish !
From the Toronto Star ( h/t CharleyCarp ) :
“ After almost eight years of captivity , each step of Khelil Mamut ’s freedom is a little overwhelming .
The ocean , which he could hear only on windy days when the waves crashed beyond Guantanamo ’s razor wire rimmed fence , is now something he can wade into .
People call him by his name , not 278 , his internee serial number .
Then there was the horse he saw while walking one of the island trails on Thursday , the day he and three other Chinese citizens of the Muslim Uighur minority arrived in Bermuda .
The animal made him stop suddenly , just to stare .
“ How can I express it , ” he said yesterday , describing the new tropical home where he now lives with the three other former Guantanamo detainees .
“ It is so great , so beautiful . ”
“ This may be a small island , ” added Abdullah Abdulqadir .
“ But it has a big heart . ” ”
An Italian woman who arrived late for the Air France flight that crashed in the Atlantic has been killed in a car accident .
Johanna Ganthaler had been on holiday in Brazil with her husband and missed Air France Flight 447 after turning up late at Rio de Janeiro airport on May 31 , The Times online has reported .
All 228 people aboard lost their lives after the plane crashed into the Atlantic four hours into its flight to Paris .
Loading
The ANSA news agency reported that the couple , from Bolzano - Bozen province , had managed to pick up a flight from Rio the following day .
Ms Ganthaler died when their car veered across a road in Kufstein , Austria , and swerved into an oncoming truck .
Her husband was seriously injured , The Times reported .
** Notice * *
Shipping to USA is currently unavailable until we update our product database with PMTA submitted status .
The Pre-Market Tobacco Application ( PMTA ) — is a process in which the FDA is reviewing vaping products for legal sale to the general public .
As of the September 9 , 2020 deadline , all vendor applications must be submitted to the FDA for review — otherwise they will be forced to pull their products from the legal US market .
In an exclusive interview , PlayStation LifeStyle goes one - on - one with thatgamecompany ’s John Edwards , lead programmer for the hit titles Flower and flOw .
PSLS : The release of Flower brought a wave of fresh air into the PSN store .
It was praised by critics and fans alike ; for its simplicity and beauty .
But fans still want more , so , is there any new content being planned for Flower ?
John : Flower was designed to be a complete experience that you play through in one sitting .
Still , we ’ve gotten plenty of emails and posts on our forums from people with good ideas about how to expand it .
Right now , we have n’t made any plans either way .
PSLS : What do you think is the reason people tried and fell in love this very unique game ?
John : If Flower really clicked with anyone , maybe that ’s because it is n’t quite as unique as it might at first seem .
I think the work we do at thatgamecompany is very much a natural extensions of traditional games .
Every single member of the team was a hardcore gamer at some point in their lives , and most of us still play tons of mainstream games .
We certainly all appreciate what ’s great about Uncharted or MGS4 , but it ’s getting harder to find the time to master the complicated controls or grind through the 20 hours of gameplay , or even pull together the motivation to save yet another world that seems to have less and less to do with our own .
We ’ve grown up , but so has the entire NES generation .
So we made Flower for ourselves , and all the other people like us , who appreciate the kind of immersion and kinesthetic connection that only games can deliver , but also value intuitive controls , manageable play time , and themes that are relevant to their lives .
PSLS : While Flower may seem like a very simplistic game , I am sure the technical side of the game is very complex .
Was Flower a hard game to develop for , with all the free - moving , individual blades of grass and flower petals ?
John :
There were many aspects of the Flower development that gave us trouble , but technology was not one of them .
With our first PSN game flOw , on the other hand , technology was a complete disaster .
FlOw was the first console game any of us had worked on from start to finish , and we had absolutely no idea what we were doing .
I often wonder if Sony had realized the full depths of our incompetence whether they would have even hired us in the first place .
They did , though , and we bumbled our way through somehow .
The 90 hour weeks probably had something to do with it .
We emerged as war veterans from a fox hole , changed men , and we vowed never to do that again .
On Flower , we took a very methodical approach to both technology and production .
Inspired by a Media Molecule talk at the 2007 Game Developer ’s Conference , we dove into the scariest parts of the technology head first .
The SPUs , for instance , which had been a constant source of despair on flOw , we started using from day one on Flower .
We even developed a way to reload SPU code while the game was running , making it much faster to iterate on than code for the main processor .
The result was that for many systems , people preferred writing directly for the SPUs , since they had become the most convenient processors for which to program .
By attacking the hard problems early and planning ahead , we were able to maintain a “ zero - crunch ” production , meaning we never once had to work longer than 40 hours a week , if we did n’t want to .
In fact , the closer we got to shipping , the less extra time people put in at the office , to the point where the last 3 months were very strict 40 hour weeks , as a way of compensating for all the other pressures of shipping a game .
PSLS : Flower is a very emotional game , has some incredible music , and has a brilliant use of the SIXAXIS feature , did all of this come from the concept or did it grow while developing it ?
Did Flower stay close to the original concept ?
John :
At the very first meeting about the game our Creative Director Jenova Chen typed the word “ flower ” into Flickr , pulling up hundreds of amazing images .
There were delicate , serene closeups and visceral , majestic wide shots .
Pictures of flowers are evocative of a very specific feeling , and we decided then and there to focus on recreating that feeling with Flower .
While we established the high level target from day one , getting there was a very organic process .
At different points in its design Flower involved golfing , spell casting and collecting glowing orbs we called “ Loves . ”
The story centered around a socially inept photographer and a teenage rapper before settling into its current subdued form .
We spent almost the entire first year of development just finding that flower feeling , to the point where Sony , and most of our team for that matter , were worried that there would n’t be any time left over to make an actual game .
And , in fact , it was only about 6 months from shipping that we really had all the concepts nailed down and were able to enter full production .
Looking back , it seems strange that it took us so long , not only because Flower is such a simple game , but also because we ’d come up with about 95 % of the ideas that constitute Flower within the first three months .
The problem was never lack of ideas , but the opposite .
We always had too many , some of them good in their own right , but Flower was so much about conjuring a specific feeling clearly and intensely that we could n’t just throw any old features together , no matter how good they were individually .
All the features , from the sound , to music , to graphics , to gameplay had to harmonize .
So Flower was a combination of very firm high concept and an adventure game - like process of combining everything with everything until we found the set of features that worked together .
As the world watches the conflict in Iran unfold , many commentators have tried to make a connection between the current protests and either the coup of 1953 or the revolution of 1979 .
But what do we know of the history of that country and how well do we know its leaders ?
Some of the major political players who have dominated the trajectory of the recent history of Iran include Mohammed Mossadegh Mahmoud Ahmedinejad , and Mir-Hossein Mousavi .
All links above are to Wikipedia pages .
For more extensive articles and information , check below the fold .
In 1953 , Mohammed Mossadegh , the elected leader of Iran , was deposed in a military coup orchestrated by the United States and the UK .
This exhaustive collection of material assembled by the New York Times , entitled " The Central Intelligence Agency 's secret history of its covert operation to overthrow Iran 's government in 1953 , " offers an inside look at how the agency stumbled into success , despite a series of mishaps that derailed its original plans .
Written in 1954 by one of the coup 's chief planners , the history details how United States and British officials plotted the military coup that returned the shah of Iran to power and toppled Iran 's elected prime minister , an ardent nationalist .
Mossadegh was replaced by The Shah , who ruled until 1979 .
Here is a fascinating 5 part BBC documentary entitled " The Last Shah of Iran . "
And here is a fantastic and comprehensive 1978 New Yorker article that details the growing opposition to the Shah in Iran during the late 70s , the failures of The Shah during his quarter century reign , and the rise of Khomeini .
Excerpt : [ The economist went on to talk about the religious revival .
“ I was very active in politics during my high - school years , ” he said .
“ At that time — the early nineteen - fifties — there were only two important groups : the Communist , or Tudeh , Party , and the National Front — which included the Pan - Iranians , who wanted to take over parts of Iraq , Turkey , and Pakistan .
The young had absolutely no interest in religion .
After that , the political situation calmed down .
There was a brief revival of politics in 1961 and 1962 , when Ali Amini came to office as Prime Minister .
He started the land reform that the Shah later claimed as his own .
The Tudeh Party was dead then , but the National Front was strong .
The religious people did n’t count .
Khomeini became important only after he was driven into exile by the Shah .
The Shah ’s father , Reza Shah , had been very successful in fighting the mullahs .
He made a direct assault on the clergy — forcing women to take off veils , riding into the shrines and beating the mullahs .
He had public sympathy , because then the clergy were corrupt and wealthy .
They were hated by everybody .
Now they have lost their lands and the religious foundations .
The mullahs have been purified .
They have the power of poverty . ” ]
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei rose to the position of Supreme Leader after the death of Ayatollah Khomeini in 1989 .
Last year , the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace put together this 30 - page dossier on the elusive and powerful mullah entitled , Reading Khamenei : The World View of Iran 's Most Powerful Leader .
To access the report , click on the " Full Text " icon near the top of the page to get a complete PDF .
And in 2005 , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was elected President of Iran .
Presenting himself as humble , soft spoken , and extremely religious , he was educated as an engineer and fought in the Iran - Iraq War .
A product of the revolution of 1979 , Ahmadinejad believes in the " pure life " of Islam and rejects what he considers the corrupting influences of Western culture .
This recent New Yorker article is both a profile of Ahmadinejad and a comprehensive look at the upcoming ( now dated , obviously ) elections .
The article discusses , among others , former President Khatami and the reformist challenger to Ahmadinejad , Mir-Hossein Mousavi , who is referred to in the article as " The Persian Cincinnatus .
"
Other fantastic archived articles from the New Yorker regarding Iran : A dissident economist ’s attempts to reform the revolution .
an article about Mohammad Tabibian by Laura Secor , February 2 , 2009 Young Iranians confront the collapse of the reform movement .
by Laura Secor November 21 , 2005 - written in the aftermath of the 2005 elections , it discusses AhmadinejadWho ’s winning the fight for Iran ’s future ?
by Joe Klein February 18 , 2002
The stars in this compact galaxy appear to be about 2 billion years old or more .
The galaxy itself is seen as it was just 2.7 billion years after the big bang , suggesting it formed and matured very quickly in the early universe , perhaps by collapsing directly from a massive cloud of matter rather than by growing up gradually through mergers between smaller objects ( Image : IfA , U of Hawai / W. M. Keck Observatory )
Astronomers have found a new clutch of tiny , dense galaxies that thrived in the early universe .
But they still ca n’t explain why the compact objects are nowhere to be found today .
The ultra - dense galaxies , which were already full of old stars when the universe was less than 3 billion years old , were first reported in 2008 .
The most extreme have masses that rival the Milky Way ’s , but are just one - tenth as wide .
“ They ’re packing essentially as much mass as the normal galaxies that we see around us today in [ a volume ] about a thousand times smaller , ” says Alan Stockton of the University of Hawaii in Honolulu .
Advertisement
Using the Keck II Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii , Stockton and colleagues have found new examples of these galaxies at distances of about 11 billion light years away .
Stockton presented images of the objects on Tuesday at a meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Pasadena , California .
The galaxies are so massive and some have such fragile disc shapes that they seem to have formed directly from the collapse of massive clouds of matter instead of being built up gradually by a series of mergers of smaller objects , Stockton says .
Slow expansion ?
Galaxies of this sort are no longer around , but it ’s not clear what happened to them .
Some have suggested that the galaxies disappeared because they collided with other galaxies to snowball into the large galaxies we see today .
But there may be problems with that explanation , Stockton says .
The compact galaxies are so dense they are hard to modify by mergers with other galaxies , particluarly lightweight ones , he says .
“ The very compact galaxies here are essentially like little cannonballs , ” Stockton told reporters .
“ You can imagine merging a cannonball with , say , a pillow .
Not much is going to happen to the cannonball . ”
“ Of course , if two of these dense stellar systems do merge , the resulting remnant will have a larger effective radius than either of the merging galaxies , ” Stockton told New Scientist .
“ But it would require many such mergers to bring their sizes up to typical elliptical galaxies in the present - day universe – probably more than is realistically feasible . ”
Alternatively , the tiny galaxies might grow by slowly accumulating an envelope of diffuse gas around them through successive interactions with other galaxies , Stockton says .
Others have suggested that the galaxies might puff up on their own , as aged stars explode or slough off their outer layers , ejecting gas to the outer edges of the galaxy .
But it ’s unclear whether there is enough time for such gradual processes to work .
Last year , another team found that compact galaxies were still present when the universe was almost 5 billion years old , narrowing the amount of time that such galaxies would have to puff up to present sizes .
Posted by John , January 3rd , 2009 - under Middle class , Peasants , Socialism , Socialist democracy , Stalinism , State capitalism .
Tags : Capitalism , Castro , Class struggle , Classes , Communist Party , Cuba , Democracy
One of Marx ’s unique and profound contributions to socialism is his idea that the emancipation of the working class is the act of the working class .
This is the very reason Cuba is n’t socialist .
In 1956 Castro arrived in Cuba with 82 middle class nationalists to overthrow the US backed Batista dictatorship .
After being attacked and dispersed they re-grouped in the remote Sierra Maestra Mountains and began the long battle to kick out Batista .
At this stage Castro ’s stated aim was to implement the 1940 Constitution , which included among other things a commitment to free markets .
Batista had very little support .
By 1959 Castro ’s guerrilla army – all 800 of them – was strong enough to force the dictator to flee .
800 middle class nationalists do not a socialist revolution make .
Castro took power , but the working class as working class played no role whatsoever in the overthrow of Batista .
In fact they ignored Fidel ’s call for a general strike in 1958 .
As Marx said in the Communist Manifesto : “ The proletariat is the really revolutionary class . ”
Not guerrillas , not middle class intellectuals , not peasants .
Workers .
And the Communist Party ?
( Fidel was not a member in 1959 and did not talk in terms of communism or socialism at this stage . )
They had collaborated with Batista during his rule .
1959 in Cuba was at best a nationalist revolution from above .
One minority replaced another .
Compare this to the fleeting glimpse of workers ’ power in the Paris Commune or , for a few years , in the Russian revolution .
In Russia workers set up their own democratic organs of power – called workers ’ councils or Soviets in Russian .
These were the most democratic institutions the world has seen – direct representation from the workplace , the right of instant recall by workers of representatives who voted against their wishes , Soviet members with their pay limited to the average wage , and the workers ’ councils making decisions about what to produce to satisfy human need .
And every day the representatives would go back to the factories to debate and discuss issues with workers and receive instructions from them about forthcoming sessions and how to vote .
The war , foreign invasion , the destruction of industry , the de-classing of the working class and the failure of the revolution to spread to Germany ( although it was close run ) and thus provide material support to help re-build the Russian economy , saw the Russian revolution isolated .
The workers ’ councils , without a working class to run them , became shells , and Stalin , the gravedigger of the revolution , rose to power .
He began to establish state capitalism in Russia .
This is where the state becomes the embodiment of capital and expropriates all the surplus value its workers create .
Its historical role is to pull peasant countries up by the bootlaces to become fully fledged capitalist countries .
The first Russian five year plan in 1930 , by halving wages , driving peasants off the land and into the cities and moving to build large scale industry in competition with the West , is an indication that by then this process of building state capitalism had begun .
Fast forward to Cuba .
The United States was hostile to Castro ’s regime since he was n’t compliant , as Batista had been , to American interests .
So Castro moved closer to Russia and in 1961 declared himself a Marxist - Leninist and the revolution , retrospectively , socialist .
He adopted the Stalinist model – five year plans , repression and the establishment of a one party “ Communist ” state .
The major player in the Cuban revolution only discovered it was socialist 2 years after the event .
This is sophistry of the highest order .
How can this be the self - conscious activity of the working class if Fidel himself did not know it was a socialist revolution at the time ?
It is Stalinist state capitalism .
( It was Tony Cliff in his book , State Capitalism in Russia , who developed the theory of state capitalism , using Marx ’s thought and analysis as his benchmark and guide . )
There are no democratic organs of working class rule .
The local defence committees are agencies of the state , not workers .
This Stalinist regime imprisons dissenters , and homosexuals .
Castro locked up gays in concentration camps to supposedly stop the spread of Aids .
These are hardly the hallmarks of a democratic socialist regime .
In 1963 US imperialism began its blockade of Cuba .
This has frozen the state capitalist project .
With a lack of resources the island has been trapped in a time warp .
The US must lift its criminal blockade .
It is possible that under Obama this will happen , over time .
Such action will then expose the fault lines in Cuban state capitalism , rather than allow the Castros the usual excuse that all their problems stem from US imperialism and its blockade .
All the blockade did was drive Castro further into the arms of the Russians .
Their Stalinist structures became Cuba’s .
The edicts of Fidel became the word for workers to follow .
This top down dictatorial approach , with the great leader telling workers and peasants what is good for them and what they must do , is the antithesis of socialism .
Where are the workers ’ councils , teeming with debate and discussion , and the differing workers ’ parties fighting for working class support over issues , strategies and directions ?
As I mentioned before , the blockade provides the Cuban elite with a convenient scapegoat for the failures of state capitalism .
It unifies many Cubans behind the regime .
Having said that , it appears that large numbers of young Cubans hate the Government .
It is true Castro has improved the health and education of the Cuban people markedly .
There is nothing peculiarly socialist about that .
Most capitalist countries realise that a fit and educated workforce is essential for the effective exploitation of their workers .
Many on the Left around the world have illusions in Castro and the Stalinist regime in Cuba .
( Just as they do in Venezuela . )
This is because Stalinism all but destroyed the real Marxist tradition of socialism from below and as a consequence many leftists are unfamiliar with the essence of Marx ’s thought and the real democratic nature of socialism , for example of the Russian Revolution before Stalinism destroyed it .
They see the world through neo-Stalinist glasses .
The desire to see actually existing socialism is strong , and it provides a sense of satisfaction that somewhere “ socialism ” exists and we can aspire to that sort of society too .
None of this is revolutionary .
Stalinism is a false idol and diverts the Left from the real tasks at hand .
In Australia that includes clarifying our ideas about what socialism is and building the small revolutionary socialist groups that exist into a mass party of the working class in the long run .
The long term goal must be the working class setting up workers ’ councils and the vast majority of Australians transferring power to their own organs of state and running society themselves in the interests of satisfying human need .
That will be the future for Cuba too .
Workers and peasants will challenge the rule of the dictatorial Stalinists and set up their own democratic organs of rule .
Maybe not today , and maybe not tomorrow , but the social forces currently exist in Cuba for a real workers ’ revolution from below .
TUSCALOOSA , Ala . --
The NCAA Committee on Infractions placed the University of Alabama on 3 years ' probation today for " major violations " uncovered in the school 's 2007 textbook investigation .
UA will be forced to vacate football victories from games during the 2005 , 2006 and 2007 seasons in which one of seven " intentional wrongdoers " participated .
Selected individual records in men's and women 's track and men's tennis will also be vacated .
There were no scholarship losses for any Alabama sports program .
The NCAA said 201 UA athletes in a total of 16 sports programs -- all but rowing -- violated rules regarding the impermissible receipt of textbooks .
Only 22 athletes , however , were labeled as " intentional wrongdoers . "
Of that 22 - person total , 14 were from the track programs , seven were from football and one was from the men's tennis team , thus the vacated records in those sports .
Roughly 125 athletes were found to have " unintentionally violated " textbook rules , meaning charges totaled less than $ 100 .
Per the NCAA 's legislation , the majority of those athletes were not required to be suspended from competition .
The COI cautioned that it considered heavier penalties against Alabama , but commended the school for its handling of the case .
" Because of the institution 's status as a repeat violator , the Committee on Infractions considered both a ban on postseason competition and the enhanced penalties for repeat violators , " the NCAA report said .
" The committee decided against those penalties because the violations were spread across several sports and other penalties , such as vacation of records , were more appropriate . "
The NCAA cited " major deficiencies " in the school 's textbook distribution process and also " serious deficiencies in the maintenance of these accounts within the athletics department . "
" Had the university been carefully monitoring these numbers , " the committee said , " it seems likely this increase ( in textbook expenditures ) would have been investigated . "
An investigation that went back to fall of 2005 found that approximately $ 40,000 worth of material was obtained illegally , though $ 21,950 of that " obtained by student - athletes who were aware they were receiving impermissible benefits , " the NCAA said .
" The value of the impermissible benefit obtained by these intentional wrongdoers ranged from a low of $ 32.30 by a women 's track student - athlete to a high of $ 3,947.19 by a football student - athlete , " the NCAA 's report said .
" The committee noted that the four highest amounts ( $ 3,947.19 , $ 3,344.10 , $ 3,061.38 and $ 2,714.62 ) were obtained by football student - athletes . "
As it stands , the probationary period begins today and lasts through June 10 , 2012 .
The school will also have to pay a fine of $ 43,900 , which was value of benefits of the " intentional wrongdoers " times two .
LISTEN TO THE COMPLETE TELECONFERENCE
LOS ANGELES
“ THE Princess and the Frog ” does not open nationwide until December , but the buzz is already breathless :
For the first time in Walt Disney animation history , the fairest of them all is black .
Princess Tiana , a hand - drawn throwback to classic Disney characters like Cinderella and Snow White , has a dazzling green gown , a classy upsweep hairdo and a diamond tiara .
Like her predecessors , she is a strong - willed songbird ( courtesy of the Tony - winning actress Anika Noni Rose ) who finds her muscle - bound boyfriend against all odds .
“ Finally , here is something that all little girls , especially young black girls , can embrace , ” Cori Murray , an entertainment director at Essence magazine , recently told CNN .
To the dismay of Disney executives  along with the African - American bloggers and others who side with the company  the film is also attracting chatter of an uglier nature .
Is “ The Princess and the Frog , ” set in New Orleans in the 1920s , about to vaporize stereotypes or promote them ?
In this noisy den of brine and ice , scales and slime , fish always have been part meat , part missile .
One man points to an enormous white - bellied fish , and another man in a wet apron scoops it up from the ice , hoists it over his shoulder and sends it flying 15 feet toward the counter .
“ Hali - BUT ! Hali - BUT ! Heyyyyyy ! ” six men scream in unison .
“ Goin ’ right home !
Goin ’ right home ! ”
The counterman catches the hurtling fish neatly between the head and tail fin and slaps it onto a wrapping sheet .
The Pike Place Fish Market is the legendary home of the flying fish : Halibut as big as a wrestler ’s thigh , spiky medallions of crab , the smooth , rainbow flesh of Chinook salmon , all become rapid - fire marine rockets in the hands of Seattle ’s fishmongers -- who are as famous for the speed of their fish as for its freshness .
Advertisement
But did anyone ever think of the fish ?
Asserting that the practice of lobbing fish above the heads of patrons and tourists at the market and other venues is disrespectful to creatures that already have gone through a lot , an animal rights group is protesting plans to stage a flying - fish exhibition at an upcoming national veterinarians conference in Seattle .
Ultimately , they would like to see the practice banned at the fish market too .
They argue that tourists would not be nearly so eager to snap photos if dead kittens or gutted lambs were sailing over their heads .
“ Killing animals so you can toss their bodies around for amusement is just twisted , ” said Ashley Byrne , senior campaigner for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals in Washington , D.C .
Advertisement
“ And it particularly sends a terrible message to the public when vets call it fun to toss around the corpses of animals .
If anyone should be promoting compassion and not callousness toward animals , it should be vets . ”
The 102 - year - old Pike Place Market is perhaps Seattle ’s most important institution , a cacophony of commerce in the middle of the city that hosts 10 million visitors a year , including flocks of tourists and Seattleites in search of lunch and fresh flowers .
Stretching three levels down the hillside above Elliott Bay , the narrow , crowded rows of stalls and shops begin in the open - air bustle along Pike Street and Western Avenue , opposite the original Starbucks .
The air is fragrant with the smells of fish , hot fried mini- doughnuts , Hmong flower sellers ’ fresh blooms and sizzling gourmet sausage .
In the seemingly endless warrens of shops in the basement and nearby alleys , visitors might find anarchist treatises , herbal tinctures , vintage comic books and last Friday ’s newspaper from Sarajevo .
Advertisement
The market ’s flying fish have become such an institution of the Pacific Northwest that the fishmongers often are hired to give demonstrations at conferences , hospitals , schools and company retreats .
Jeremy Ridgway , one of the managers at the market , said that he has done fish shows for the ministry of manpower in Singapore , for schoolchildren in Oklahoma and at countless other venues .
“ People get excited about it .
They get to hold a fish ; they get to touch it .
A lot of people have never held a salmon before .
In Oklahoma , they do n’t have wild fish , unless you count catfish , ” he said .
He said fishmongers are bewildered at the notion that their toss -- which they describe as merely the quickest way of getting fish from display cases to the counter -- shows any lack of reverence for a creature that is , after all , their livelihood .
Advertisement
“ I mean , the fish are dead , ” Ridgway said .
“ The thing is , we ’re not laughing and making fun of them .
. . .
It ’s just Point A to Point B .
That ’s why we do it . ”
“ Two crabs ! ” somebody yells , and the smart ones in the crowd quickly duck .
In a letter to the veterinarian association , PETA Director Sarah King said the flying fish demonstration represents callous disregard for the suffering the creatures undergo before they come to the table .
“ There is more than enough scientific evidence to prove that fish feel pain and that they do not die well at the hands of the fishing industry , ” she said , citing numerous studies that show fish have intelligence as well as sophisticated social structures .
Advertisement
“ When the fish used in these ‘ tosses ’ are pulled up from the depths of the ocean , they undergo the excruciating pain of decompression .
The intense pressure often ruptures their swim bladders and damages other internal organs .
Then the fish slowly suffocate or are bludgeoned to death .
Others are still alive when they are cut open .
The fish toss celebrates cruelty to marine animals , ” King wrote .
W. Ron DeHaven , chief executive of the American Veterinary Medical Assn. , said that the flying fish demonstration was scheduled during the convention ’s July 11 opening session as a team - building exercise for as many as 10,000 veterinarians , receptionists and veterinary technicians .
“ We start from a fundamental standpoint as an association , where we support the use of animals for human purposes , such as food and fiber , exhibition and for use as pets and companions , and we think this is consistent with our principles , ” he said .
At the same time , he said , “ we would n’t want to do anything that would appear to be disrespectful of animals . ”
Advertisement
PETA has butted heads with the association in the past , criticizing it for not opposing the force - feeding of geese for foie gras or the tight confinement of mother pigs .
So simply switching to rubber fish for the convention demonstration -- after PETA offered to buy such substitutes -- may not be a good option either , DeHaven said .
“ The vast majority of our members would support the use of fish for this purpose , and if we are perceived as caving to political pressure from PETA , there is vulnerability for us there , and I do n’t want to ignore that , ” he said .
Ridgway said the fishmongers were willing to throw the rubber variety for the vets , but wonders what the point would be .
“ It would be like throwing basketballs , ” he said .
Advertisement
“ It ’s probably no more disrespectful than eating them , ” said Sue Carter , visiting the market one recent afternoon from Mukilteo , Wash . , smiling as her salmon sailed toward the cash register .
“ I would n’t want to see a fish gasping for air coming flying through the air .
But one that ’s already on the way to the table , why not ? ”
Sympathy was on ice .
Few were inclined to think it through , and those who did came up hungry .
“ As far as whether I ’d want to see dead cats being thrown around , well , who ’s going to throw dead cats , unless you ’re in China or something ? ” said Vancouver , Canada , resident Robin Graham .
“ A dead fish is a dead fish . ”
--
Advertisement
kim.murphy@latimes.com
Google 's Android mobile operating system could be running on 18 to 20 devices by the end of the year , according to Andy Rubin , Google 's senior director for mobile platforms .
Speaking at the Google I/O Developer Conference in San Francisco , Rubin further said that eight or nine manufacturers would be involved in the creation of the Android - equipped phones , but reports have him declining to name which ones .
Android will continue to be open source .
Manufacturers will have the option of installing Android " obligation - free " onto their devices , which means the user will have access to the OS but not Google Apps such as Gmail .
A second option for manufacturers that sign a distribution agreement with Google will allow them to pre-install Google Apps onto their devices .
The third option , called the " Google Experience , " opens up the manufacturer 's devices to Google Apps and the Android Market .
Phones that fall under the " Google Experience " will also be branded with the Google logo on the physical handset .
In April , Google rolled out the Google Android 1.5 SDK , based on the " Cupcake " branch of the Android Open Source project , and incorporating APIs for features such as home screen widgets , home screen framework , media framework and speech recognition framework .
A number of companies have announced plans to roll out Android - equipped smartphones .
HTC is currently preparing Google Android smartphones for the Chinese and Canadian markets for a June rollout .
A May 26 report published in The Wall Street Journal suggested that , in China , HTC would load Android onto a version of its Magic phone that would retail for around $ 730 .
For the Canadian market , Android will reportedly be loaded onto HTC Dream and HTC Magic smartphones , via Rogers Wireless .
Analysts have previously suggested that Android , which originally rolled out in August 2008 , will be running on about 12 percent of global smartphones by 2012 .
On top of this , Android is also being ported onto mini-notebooks , also known as " netbooks , " as an operating system .
With research firm IDC estimating that netbook shipments will grow from 11.4 million in 2008 to 22 million in 2009 , the market represents a potentially massive growth area for Android .
In an April earnings call , Google CEO Eric Schmidt suggested that he was " excited that that investment is occurring " in Android - equipped netbooks .
At Columbia Business School , all students must pledge to an honor code : “ As a lifelong member of the Columbia Business School community , I adhere to the principles of truth , integrity , and respect .
I will not lie , cheat , steal , or tolerate those who do . ”
The code has been in place for about three years and came about after discussions between students and faculty .
In the post -Enron and post - Madoff era , the issue of ethics and corporate social responsibility has taken on greater urgency among students about to graduate .
While this might easily be dismissed as a passing fancy  or simply a defensive reaction to the current business environment  business school professors say that is not the case .
Rather , they say , they are seeing a generational shift away from viewing an M.B.A. as simply an on -ramp to the road to riches .
Those graduating today , they say , are far more concerned about how corporations affect the community , the lives of its workers and the environment .
And business schools are responding with more courses , new centers specializing in business ethics and , in the case of Harvard , student - lead efforts to bring about a professional code of conduct for M.B.A. ’s , not unlike oaths that are taken by lawyers and doctors .
“ I do n’t see this as something that will fade away , ” said Diana C. Robertson , a professor of business ethics at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania .
“ It ’s coming from the students .
I do n’t know that we ’ve seen such a surge in this activism since the 1960s .
This activism is different , but , like that time , it is student - driven . ”
A decade ago , Wharton had one or two professors who taught a required ethics class .
Today there are seven teaching an array of ethics classes that Ms. Robertson said were among the most popular at the school .
Since 1997 , it has had the Zicklin Center for Business Ethics Research .
In addition , over the last five years , students have formed clubs around the issues of ethics that sponsor conferences , work on microfinance projects in Philadelphia or engage in social impact consulting .
The Huffington Post columnist ( one of the few things still excellent on that site ) commenced his critique of Scarborough by being funny and not playing into a temperament that will be discussed further down low .
Brought on to discuss his criticism of Scarborough 's " The Last Best Hope " , a guide on how Republicans can lie back into prominence in all honesty , O'Donnell is hilarious in bringing up how Scarborough used the word " crisis " back to back on page 126 in his book .
" To be fair , it 's a first edition , it happens in first editions . "
Hilarious indeed , and utterly embarrassing .
Then O'Donnell gets into his conservative smackdown ( which it was ) by mentioning how liberals how made the ultimate difference in this country :
" Liberals ended slavery , liberals got woman the right to vote , liberals created Social Security , Medicaid and a minimum wage , they wrote the Civil Rights Act , , the Voting Rights Act , the Clean Air Act , the Clean Water Act , they have done all of those things in at every moment , for every one of those things in this country , what did conservatives do , they opposed every one of those things , including your right to vote ( pointing at Mika ) . "
All Scarborough could do is look at the camera , and bring distortions of a narrative which O'Donnell thankfully corrected .
O'Donnell brings up the hypocrisy of Jim DeMint and Scarborough not calling what Bush did in 04 socialism despite jumping on the bandwagon .
Ronald Reagan , he hit hard .
Social security distortions , he hit hard .
The Republican balancing the budget myth in 95 - 97 because " they care " , he hit hard as well .
This was n't your usual screamfest when Scarborough usually gets served , because O'Donnell would n't play true to the stupid , facetious building up of him being crazy by that joke of the crew , cheerleaded by Mika of course .
In fact , they were so disappointed that O'Donnell didm't raise his voice like he does against Pat Buchanan that the unfunny clown Willie said " A little disappointing , we were expecting Spinks - Holmes . "
Too bad for them O'Donnell did n't play to their wanting narrative , brewed by Starbucks .
Too good for us though that he played to the narrative of truth .
From The Whole Delivery , Sha-la !
( And as always , thank you for the Rec. )
Updated :
Thanks to Scarce , here it is .
Updated 2 : Breaking News in regards to a shooting at the Holocaust Museum in D.C. , as three people have been shot by a man with a rifle .
Unbelievable .
The guy is anti-government , and a white supremacist .
This just gets more scarier by the minute .
The 89 year old man was anti-Semitic , and did something crazy in 1981 .
Like newspaper owners , media moguls are looking for new ways to protect their investment from the ravages of the Internet .
And , as with the newspaper industry , the answer remains elusive .
What is at stake is perhaps the last remaining pillar of the old media business that has not been severely affected by the Internet : cable television .
Aware of how print , music and broadcast television have suffered severe business erosion , the chief executives of the major media conglomerates like Time Warner , Viacom and NBC Universal have made protecting cable TV from the ravages of the Internet perhaps their top priority .
“ The majority of profits for the big entertainment companies is from cable programming , ” said Stephen B. Burke , the president of Comcast , the nation ’s largest cable company .
The major worry is that if cable networks do not protect the fees from paying subscribers , and offer most programming online at no cost  as newspapers have done  then customers may eventually cancel their cable subscriptions .
NASA , Japan Release Most Complete Topographic Map of Earth
Alan Buis 818-354-0474
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
Alan.buis@jpl.nasa.gov
Steve Cole 202-358-0918
NASA Headquarters , Washington
Stephen.e.cole@nasa.gov
PASADENA , Calif . - NASA and Japan released a new digital topographic map of Earth Monday that covers more of our planet than ever before .
The map was produced with detailed measurements from NASA 's Terra spacecraft .
The new global digital elevation model of Earth was created from nearly 1.3 million individual stereo - pair images collected by the Japanese Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer , or Aster , instrument aboard Terra .
NASA and Japan 's Ministry of Economy , Trade and Industry , known as METI , developed the data set .
It is available online to users everywhere at no cost .
" This is the most complete , consistent global digital elevation data yet made available to the world , " said Woody Turner , Aster program scientist at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
" This unique global set of data will serve users and researchers from a wide array of disciplines that need elevation and terrain information .
" According to Mike Abrams , Aster science team leader at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , the new topographic information will be of value throughout the Earth sciences and has many practical applications .
" Aster 's accurate topographic data will be used for engineering , energy exploration , conserving natural resources , environmental management , public works design , firefighting , recreation , geology and city planning , to name just a few areas , " Abrams said .
Previously , the most complete topographic set of data publicly available was from NASA 's Shuttle Radar Topography Mission .
That mission mapped 80 percent of Earth 's landmass , between 60 degrees north latitude and 57 degrees south .
The new Aster data expand coverage to 99 percent , from 83 degrees north latitude and 83 degrees south .
Each elevation measurement point in the new data is 30 meters ( 98 feet ) apart .
" The Aster data fill in many of the voids in the shuttle mission 's data , such as in very steep terrains and in some deserts , " said Michael Kobrick , Shuttle Radar Topography Mission project scientist at JPL .
" NASA is working to combine the Aster data with that of the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission and other sources to produce an even better global topographic map .
" NASA and METI are jointly contributing the Aster topographic data to the Group on Earth Observations , an international partnership headquartered at the World Meteorological Organization in Geneva , Switzerland , for use in its Global Earth Observation System of Systems .
This " system of systems " is a collaborative , international effort to share and integrate Earth observation data from many different instruments and systems to help monitor and forecast global environmental changes .
NASA , METI and the U.S. Geological Survey validated the data , with support from the U.S. National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency and other collaborators .
The data will be distributed by NASA 's Land Processes Distributed Active Archive Center at the U.S. Geological Survey 's Earth Resources Observation and Science Data Center in Sioux Falls , S.D. , and by METI 's Earth Remote Sensing Data Analysis Center in Tokyo .
Aster is one of five Earth - observing instruments launched on Terra in December 1999 .
Aster acquires images from the visible to the thermal infrared wavelength region , with spatial resolutions ranging from about 15 to 90 meters ( 50 to 300 feet ) .
A joint science team from the U.S. and Japan validates and calibrates the instrument and data products .
The U.S. science team is located at JPL .
For visualizations of the new Aster topographic data , visit : http://www.nasa.gov/topics/earth/features/20090629.html
Data users can download the Aster global digital elevation model at : https://wist.echo.nasa.gov/~wist/api/imswelcome and http://www.gdem.aster.ersdac.or.jp
For more information about NASA and agency programs , visit : http://www.nasa.gov
JPL is managed for NASA by the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama ’s health secretary on Sunday pushed for a new government - run healthcare program , an idea facing skepticism even in his own party , and a senior Senate Democrat flatly said votes are lacking in Congress for the proposal .
President Barack Obama remarks about the passing of kids tobacco legislation in the Rose Garden at the White House in Washington , June 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
In addition , Vice President Joe Biden opposed proposals being discussed by some lawmakers to tax health insurance benefits provided to people by employers as a way to pay for an overhaul of the $ 2.5 trillion U.S. healthcare industry .
Obama , aiming to get healthcare costs under control and ensure that the 46 million Americans who are uninsured can get health coverage , wants a new public program to compete with private insurers .
“ The president feels that having a ‘ public option ’ side by side -- same playing field , same rules -- will give Americans choice and will help lower costs for everybody .
And that ’s a good thing , ” Sebelius told CNN .
“ The president does not want to dismantle privately owned plans .
He does n’t want the 180 million people who have employer coverage to lose that coverage .
He wants to strengthen the marketplace , ” Sebelius added .
Healthcare costs undermine the competitiveness of U.S. companies , drive many families into bankruptcy and eat up a growing portion of state and federal spending .
Versions of healthcare legislation unveiled by senior Democrats in the House and Senate include a new government insurance program .
But Republicans are adamantly opposed to the idea , saying it could harm private insurers , and some of Obama ’s fellow Democrats are against it , too .
‘ VERY GOOD ARGUMENTS ’
Kent Conrad , chairman of the Senate Budget Committee , said there is not enough support in Congress for the “ public option ” even though proponents offer “ very good arguments ” for it .
“ You ’ve got to attract some Republicans as well as holding virtually all of the Democrats together .
And that , I do n’t believe , is possible with the pure ‘ public option . ’
I do n’t think the votes are there , ” Conrad said on CNN .
There already are large public health insurance programs like the Medicare program for those over 65 and the disabled and the Medicaid for the poor .
Obama envisions a program for those not already covered by existing public plans .
Conrad has proposed an alternative to a new public program -- a system of federally chartered insurance cooperatives that could be a nonprofit alternative to the insurance industry .
Susan Collins , one of the few moderate Senate Republicans , said on CNN this was an intriguing idea that could serve as a compromise between those for and against a new public plan .
Obama on Monday is set to address the American Medical Association , which represents the nation ’s doctors and has voiced skepticism about a broad new public plan but willingness to consider other proposals including the cooperatives .
Sebelius did not embrace the proposal but also did not dismiss it , saying , “ There is no one - size - fits - all idea . ”
Biden , on the NBC program “ Meet the Press , ” also signaled Obama ’s flexibility on the nature of a new public plan .
Most Americans with health insurance get it through an employer .
During last year ’s presidential election , Obama derided the idea of taxing employer - provided health benefits .
But some lawmakers have revived the idea as a way to paying for the healthcare overhaul .
“ We ’ve made it clear we do not think that is the way to go .
We think that is the wrong way to finance this legislation , ” Biden said .
He had been walking for days , constantly forcing himself onward toward the dim ever present light on the horizon and now as he crested the hills rise , he could finally see its source .
Far below him on the plain , a truly massive building stood .
Its grey walls stretched off into the distance , circling the central structures , and punctured with giant openings , leading into the glowing recess .
Even from this distance he could see the reverse blades at the entrance , swept inwards , with flat tops , allowing the dead to walk in , but not to walk out .
At the center of the structure stood three spires , stretching far into the sky , belching flame and thick black smoke that blanketed the land for miles around .
As he sat watching , a small group of figures stumbling into view , pursing another who ran toward one of the cavernous entrances .
With them closely behind him , he jumped over the retaining spikes , and disappeared into a small non-descript door just inside the entrance .
His pursuers tumbled over the retainer and began to mill around the entryway , some banging on the small door , until finally they disappeared into the building toward the glow .
The watcher , with tears in his eyes imagined for a moment that the smoke billowing from the stacks thickened for a moment .
Whether it was his imagination or not , he could no longer see for tears fell from his eyes as he wept for what his beloved France had become .
Now a wasteland of horror , where hordes of zombies were lured to their final demise in giant incinerators that the watcher had refused to believe existed until he saw them with his own eyes .
He wept , face pressed against the earth as flame belched from the smoke stack , as the fire consumed the bodies and souls of the dead and as a lone zombie clambered up the slope behind him .
The distant roar of flame and his sobs covered its shambling approach until it fell upon him , teeth tearing into his neck and spine .
Later the watcher twitched , shook and then sat up , thick black blood oozing from the horrific wound in the side of his neck .
His dull eyes opened and fixed on the giant building .
With a lurch he stood up and set off to investigate the distant glow .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Beef farmers can breathe easier thanks to University of Alberta researchers who have developed a formula to reduce methane gas in cattle .
By developing equations that balance starch , sugar , cellulose , ash , fat and other elements of feed , a Canada - wide team of scientists has given beef producers the tools to lessen the methane gas their cattle produce by as much as 25 per cent .
" That 's good news for the environment , " said Stephen Moore , a professor of agricultural , food and nutritional science at the University of Alberta in Canada .
" Methane is a greenhouse gas , and in Canada , cattle account for 72 per cent of the total emissions .
By identifying factors such as diet or genetics that can reduce emissions , we hope to give beef farmers a way to lessen the environmental footprint of their cattle production and methane reductions in the order of 25 per cent are certainly achievable . "
Using information from previous studies , the researchers compiled an extensive database of methane production values measured on cattle and were able to formulate equations to predict how much methane a cow would produce based on diet .
The study was jointly conducted with the universities of Guelph and Manitoba , Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada and the International Atomic Energy Agency in Austria .
It published recently in the Journal of Animal Science .
The findings build on previous work by Moore and his research team on genetically selecting cattle that inherently produce less methane .
While further studies are needed before bringing the research into general use , the work " promises significant improvements in environmental stewardship on the farm , " Moore noted .
###
The study was funded by the Canada Research Chairs program and the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council .
June 3 , 2009 — Thomas ten Cate
Because of other obligations ( mainly my Master ’s thesis ) I had a late start with this Summer of Code , but now it has really begun .
Below are the first results , but first some background information .
To make Eclipse understand your Haskell source , a lot of parsing and processing code is needed .
Fortunately , this code has already been written , in the form of the GHC compiler .
Unfortunately , this code is written in Haskell , whereas Eclipse is written in Java .
Part of the purpose of Scion is to overcome this problem .
On one side , it communicates with the GHC API ; on the other side , it communicates with whatever program is interested .
This used to mean Emacs only , but now it also includes Eclipse !
There are essentially two ways to make Scion communicate with a non-Haskell program .
One is through an intermediary C program .
Haskell can call into C using FFI , and Java can call into C using JNI , so this is technically possible .
However , it would be very painful and cumbersome .
The alternative is to communicate through some kind of intermediary format that is sent over a stream ( say , a pipe or a socket ) .
This is how Scion ’s current Emacs frontend is implemented .
When needed , Emacs launches a separate process ( scion_server ) that listens on a local TCP socket .
Emacs connects to the socket and sends a command ; the server responds in a similar , Lisp - like format .
( In fact , the returned value is sent straight into the Lisp interpreter . )
To do a similar thing with Eclipse , I could either make the server speak another language that is easily parsed from Java ( XML - RPC comes to mind ) , or make Eclipse parse the Lisp code .
To get quick results , my mentor nominolo and I chose the latter route , so I hacked together some code to parse a small number of specific responses .
The full Lisp parser will have to wait a day or two .
Add some code to start the server , connect to its socket , send and receive commands , and we ’re all set .
The screenshot below shows one of the many things that are now within reach : automatic type inference , in a tooltip , straight from Eclipse !
The current code is still full of TODO comments , lousy error handling and hard - coded configuration , but it works .
At the moment it is necessary to save the file before the type information gets updated , but I hope that it will be possible to send changes to the server incrementally .
Over the next few days , I will replace my quick hacks by something better , improve the error handling , and make the whole thing more robust .
And I should also really , really do something about the hard - coded absolute path that points to the Scion server in my home directory …
BRUSSELS -- Europe 's highest court bounced a chocolate - bunny case back to the Austrian Supreme Court with a ruling Thursday that still left open whether Chocoladefabriken Lindt & Sprüngli AG is entitled to a trademark for its foil - wrapped Easter treat .
An Austrian rival , Franz Hauswirth GmbH , had claimed the Swiss chocolate maker 's trademark on the " Gold Bunny " should be cancelled , since Lindt acted in " bad faith " when it sought the mark in 2000 .
Lindt had previously sued Hauswirth , which sells its own gold - foil - wrapped ...
UAE confirms that Sheikh Issa Bin Zayed Al Nahyon , the brother of the crowned prince , has been arrested .
By : Abu Abdullah al - NakhliHe was captured on video torturing a man from Afghanistan .
The victim was pounded with wooden sticks covered in nails .
Afterwards , as the video shows , the prince poured salt into his wounds , literally .
Human rights organizations went crazy when the video was published .
This outrage and these protests forced the authorities to take action .
It is clear that if the video was not published nothing would have happened .
This is one of the reasons why protesting is so important .
If this case continues in the judicial system and reaches a court it would be the first time that a member of the royal family in the UAE would be officially tried in a court of law .
The Human Rights Watch applauded this development but stated : “ Much more needs to be done to restore faith in the country ’s police and justice system . ”
Maggie Koerth - Baker is a guest blogger on Boing Boing .
A freelance science and health journalist , Maggie lives in Minneapolis , brain dumps on Twitter , and writes quite often for mental_floss magazine .
I may regret this .
Last night , I started playing Foldit , a free computer game that 's rapidly becoming every bit as addictive as , say , Crayon Physics Deluxe , which is , to say , dangerous .
Very , very dangerous .
On the plus side , I will at least be losing productivity for a good cause .
Released about a year ago , Foldit is a puzzle game that harnesses the power of human putzing to help scientists unravel the mysteries of protein structure .
Long chains of amino acids folded in on themselves like a biochemical game of Twister , proteins do most of the heavy lifting around your body ; moving and storing important molecules like oxygen and iron , controlling your growth , making your immune system work … they 're kind of a big deal .
Scientists know the genetic sequence of proteins , as well as many of their functions , but still do n't know a lot about how and why the amino acid chains twist and turn into their complex shapes .
That 's where Foldit comes in .
Computer programs could calculate all the possible protein shapes , but it would take far longer than the average researcher 's life span .
Instead , the University of Washington team that developed Foldit is hoping that human game - players can figure things out faster .
After playing a series of practice challenges that teach the rules–basically the laws of physics as applied to protein structure–players are then set on tasks that use their natural 3 - D problem solving skills to pin down the best structures for certain proteins .
The hitch : Game developers do n't know what the " best " answer is , so you can't get any hints .
And points are awarded not by how close you 're getting to the known solution , but by how much energy would be needed to hold a real - life protein in the shape you 've created .
The real challenge comes from competing against other players to make the highest - point - collecting version of a specific protein .
Researchers hope to use the game play to make better protein structure prediction software , based on gamers ' strategies ; to have players figure out the mysteries of proteins that do n't yet have a known structure ; and to create challenges that let players design new proteins that could fill some real - world needs — like disabling a specific virus .
All of which are fine and noble answers for you to toss out there when your boss asks what , exactly , you 're doing fiddling with a computer game on company time .
Many thanks ( I think ) to Mun -Keat Looi , the Twitter friend who turned me on to Foldit .
Momentum is building with 179 co-sponsors for Congressman Ron Paul ’s bill in the U.S. House of Representatives to audit the Federal Reserve System ( Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2009 ) not just because of the growing unrest over the Fed ’s gigantic and reckless expansion of trillions of dollars in credit during the past eight months but because of the increasing awareness that the Fed itself is unable to account for where this money has gone .
According to a report from Bloomberg News on February 9th :
The stimulus package the U.S. Congress is completing would raise the government ’s commitment to solving the financial crisis to $ 9.7 trillion , enough to pay off more than 90 percent of the nation ’s home mortgages .
The Federal Reserve , Treasury Department and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation have lent or spent almost $ 3 trillion over the past two years and pledged up to $ 5.7 trillion more .
. . .
Only the stimulus bill to be approved this week , the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program passed four months ago and $ 168 billion in tax cuts and rebates enacted in 2008 have been voted on by lawmakers .
The remaining $ 8 trillion is in lending programs and guarantees , almost all under the Fed and FDIC .
Recipients ’ names have not been disclosed .
. . .
Bloomberg requested details of Fed lending under the Freedom of Information Act and filed a federal lawsuit against the central bank Nov. 7 seeking to force disclosure of borrower banks and their collateral .
At a hearing in early May , Federal Reserve Inspector General Elizabeth Coleman was asked by Congressman Alan Grayson ( D - FL ) to account for the $ 9 trillion in off - balance sheet transactions ( $ 30,000 for each man , woman and child in the U.S. ) plus a $ 1 trillion expansion of the Fed ’s balance sheet since last September .
Her answer is that no one at the Fed knows or is keeping track of where the money has gone .
For books on the need to end the Federal Reserve ’s monopoly over money and banking in the U.S. , please see the following :
Money and the Nation State : The Financial Revolution , Government and the World Monetary System , edited by Kevin Dowd and Richard H. Timberlake , Jr .
Depression , War , and Cold War : Challenging the Myths of Conflict and Prosperity , by Robert Higgs
In the process of looking through images for an article , I came across this photograph , which I have n't posted or published before .
It 's an Australian sea lion ( Neophoca cinerea ) that I met last year .
If you 're concerned about the fish - in - distress , do n't worry ... it survived .
Here 's the story :
While we were playing together , the sea lion dashed off and zig - zagged around the seabed , occasionally " looking over its shoulder " , so to speak , indicating for me to tag along .
Actually , we had been cavorting in the shallows for the better part of an hour by that point , so the sea lion most likely knew I would do my best to keep up , but it sure seemed like he turned back to check on me a few times .
After zipping around for a bit , he slammed on the brakes , shoved his face into a pile of seaweed , executed a pinpoint 180 º turn and presented me with a fish ... taking obvious pride in his find .
I took a few photos , then indicated as best that I could that I did n't need a snack , and I was n't particularly interested in holding the fish in my mouth .
He must have understood , because he let the fish go and looked at me with a puzzled , somewhat insulted , expression , as if asking : " What is wrong with you ? " .
Meanwhile , the poor little fish tried to swim ( actually ... limp ) away , but the sea lion would have none of it .
He executed a quick flourish and re-captured it , once again presenting the despondent fish to me .
Once again , I deferred .
Once again , he questioned my sanity ... as the fish made a desperate , but hopeless , dash for freedom .
Once again , he snagged the ( now thoroughly exhausted ) fish and offered it to me .
And yes ... once again ... I indicated " No , I am absolutely not going to chew on the fish , no matter how pretty it is . " this time , doing a flourish of my own accentuated by a couple of flips in the water ... as an attempt to distract the persistent pinniped .
Fortunately for the fish , my little ruse worked .
The ever - curious sea lion spit out the ( now completely panicked , hyperventilating ) fish , and swam over to check out why I was doing flips in the water .
... then , there was a " Wait a second ... " moment ( picture light bulb over Elmer Fudd's head ) , when the sea lion looked at me , looked back at where he'd left the fish , and realised that he'd just been duped .
In far less than the blink of an eye , he was back to where his catch had been , but by then , the little fish had managed to disappear into a morass of seaweed .
The sea lion made a complete mess of the seaweed in an attempt to relocate his prey / toy , but in the end , he stopped looking and gave me the cold shoulder .. until of course , I did a few more flips in the water and he zipped right over to play again .
The point of the story ?
Somewhere out there is a fish that owes me .
Related posts :
Sea Lion Sequel
Fun with Sea Lions
Me At Work During Leap Year
Socialising with Sea Lions
Changed jobs , now at Monty Program AB
Sergey Petrunia氏はMySQLのクエリオプティマイザの開発者です。参考のためにカンファレンス資料をいくつかリンクしておきます。
MySQL Conference & Expo 2009 のセッション内容と配布資 料( PDF )
MySQL Conference & Expo 2008 のセッション内容と配布資 料( PDF )
クエリオプティマイザは現在でもかなり開発が活発なコンポーネントです。今後の動向が気になりますね。
The hostages include a man named as Jason ( left ) and IT worker Peter Moore Two bodies feared to be those of British hostages held in Iraq have been handed over , Foreign Secretary David Miliband has said .
Mr Miliband said forensic tests were being carried out on the remains to see if they were of two of the five Britons who were captured in Iraq in May 2007 .
The mother of one , who can not be named for security reasons , said she was " anxious " but " hoping for the best " .
There had been speculation earlier this year a deal to free the men was close .
' Distressing development ' IT consultant Peter Moore , from Lincoln , and four security guards were captured by armed militants at the Ministry of Finance in Baghdad in 2007 .
Their captors are a group called the Islamic Shiite Resistance in Iraq .
Security experts understood there had been positive diplomatic moves behind the scenes to free them , including the release of a prisoner whose freedom was being demanded by the hostage - takers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Miliband said : " This is a very distressing development .
" We have never speculated on the outcome of this case although we have been working intensively on it , so the overriding feeling today is one of deep sadness and fear . "
He said forensic examinations are under way to establish the identities of the bodies and how they died .
" Our immediate thoughts are clearly with the families of the five Britons taken hostage in Baghdad in May 2007 , " he said .
" As would be the case with any development of this kind , they will fear the worst for their loved ones .
" This is terrible moment of uncertainty and fear for them . "
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he was " saddened and dismayed " by the news .
The mother of one of the guards , who is from South Wales , said : " We are anxious about the situation , yes .
" We have heard nothing new from the Foreign Office , but we are hoping for the best . "
Joe Gavaghan , a spokesman for the security company GardaWorld which employed the four guards , said families were not giving up hope .
He said : " The announcement is very concerning .
We are certainly not giving up hope that Peter and our four security people are still alive . "
BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner
Almost everyone involved in trying to resolve this , Britain 's longest - running hostage crisis for a generation , is in shock .
Only a few days ago it was thought that most , if not all , of the five hostages were alive and well and would eventually be released .
In March the kidnappers had released a video of one hostage , Peter Moore , in which he appeared in good health and good spirits .
On 6 June a key Shia militant linked to the kidnappers was released by the US military .
It had been hoped this could pave the way for the Britons ' release .
Instead , the hostage - takers appear to have responded by delivering bodies .
Mr Miliband called for the immediate safe release of the remaining hostages .
He said he believed those involved in trying to gain the release of the two people whose remains had been handed over had " failed " .
" I think British people understand why no British government makes concessions in return for hostage - taking , " he added .
" Hostage - taking is never justified in any cause .
" Today 's terrible news underlines the gravity of the crimes associated with it , " Mr Miliband said .
He also praised the help the Iraqi authorities had given in attempts to free the Britons .
" I urge those working for peace and progress in Iraq to redouble their efforts to secure the release of all the hostages held there . "
Little is known about the identities of the men because of a media blackout during a large period of their captivity .
The blackout originally came came on the instruction of the hostage - takers who said they did not want publicity .
The militants have released videos of the captives , including one - broadcast on Dubai - based TV station Al - Arabiya - warning that a hostage would be killed unless British troops withdrew from Iraq .
Mr Moore had been working for American management consultancy Bearingpoint when he was kidnapped , while the other men were contractors employed to guard him .
The names of the four security guards are understood to be Jason , Alan , Jason and Alec .
Little else is known about them , other than that the guard Alan is from Dumbarton in Scotland and at least one other is from South Wales .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mr Goldrein had a bullet in his arm as he negotiated with the Germans With a bullet lodged in his arm and surrounded by dozens of German troops , there appeared no way out for Lieutenant Eric Goldrein .
But , suffering from a serious wound , he feared his days would be numbered if he fell into enemy hands .
His only way out was to conjure an audacious plot to persuade his captors to become his prisoners .
And , while the momentous events of the battle for Normandy raged around him , Lt Goldrein was to play his part - by returning to base complete with 60 prisoners of war .
Mr Goldrein , 83 , of Hale village , Merseyside , recalled the story as veterans marked the 65th anniversary of the D - Day landings .
It was mid-June in 1944 when he was told by his battery commander to go on a reconnaissance mission to find more locations to install guns .
Mr Goldrein and his driver headed out into the Normandy countryside in a Jeep - but within minutes of getting out of their vehicle they felt a storm of bullets shoot past them .
One hit the lieutenant , slicing into his right shoulder .
He said : " We were surrounded by German troops and they shouted calling us " Häftling " - prisoners .
D-DAY COMMEMORATIONS
Royal British Legion service of remembrance , Bayeux Cathedral Normandy Veterans ' Association Service of Remembrance , Bayeux Commonwealth War Graves Committee Cemetery Royal British Legion reception at Hotel Chateau de Belle Fontaine , Bayeux D - Day landings commemoration , Normandy America Cemetery , Colleville - sur - Mer
World War I veteran turns 113 " We were thrust at the German colonel and we began to speak in French , which I do speak pretty well .
" I also have a good grip in German but I did n't let on that I could speak any so I could hear what messages were being conveyed to them .
" I did n't think I could get them to surrender but they were getting told that there were a lot of casualties and new disasters kept on being described to the colonel .
" I started think about persuading them to become prisoners of war .
Flag of surrender " I had a bullet inside me and I was a bit worried about getting gangrene and dying .
There was no way we could escape not with a bullet in my arm . "
Mr Goldrein told them that their fate lay in his hands .
The Allies were winning so it would only be a matter of time before they were found and killed by British or American soldiers .
He told them that by surrendering , their lives would be saved .
" I was n't being purely altruistic I thought it might help me a bit too - I needed to get back to a doctor . "
He led the 60 soldiers , with the colonel by his side and a white flag of surrender billowing out above them .
Mr Goldrein added : " It worked , we met up with some British troops from the Worcester brigade , they were pretty shocked but it all ended fine .
" I flaked out soon after that and was taken to hospital . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Book of Mormon " . . . wherefore , as they were white and exceedingly fair and delightsome , that they might not be enticing unto my people the Lord God did cause a skin of blackness to come upon them ( 2 Nephi 5:21 ) . "
Book of Moses ( Pearl of Great Price ) " . . . there was a blackness came upon all the children of Canaan , that they were despised among all people . . . ( Moses 7:8 ) . "
" And . . . they were a mixture of all the seed of Adam save it was the seed of Cain , for the seed of Cain were black , and had not place among them ( Moses 7:22 ) . "
Book of Abraham ( Pearl of Great Price ) " . . . from Ham , sprang that race which preserved the curse in the land ( Abraham 1:24 ) . "
" Now the first government of Egypt was established by Pharaoh , the eldest son of Egyptus , the daughter of Ham , . . .
Noah , his father , who blessed him with the blessings of the earth , . . . but cursed him as pertaining to the Priesthood .
" Now , Pharaoh being of the lineage by which he could not have the right of Priesthood , . . . ( Abraham 1:26 - 27 ) . "
Twenty - six years ago , in June of 1978 , the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints announced the end of its priesthood restrictions regarding African blacks .
Since the LDS Church has a lay priesthood , the ban had kept blacks from any leadership positions .
One of the foundations of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints is the claim that priesthood is essential to act in God 's behalf .
In the LDS manual Gospel Principles we read :
We must have [ LDS ] priesthood authority to act in the name of God when performing the sacred ordinances of the gospel , such as baptism , confirmation , administration of the sacrament , and temple marriage .
If a man does not have the priesthood , even though he may be sincere , the Lord will not recognize ordinances he performs ( Gospel Principles , published by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , 1995 edition , p. 81 ) .
In addition to this , Mormonism teaches that a person must be married in the temple in order to achieve the highest level of heaven , or eternal life .
In Gospel Principles we read :
Those who inherit the highest degree of the celestial kingdom , who become gods , must also have been married for eternity in the temple ( p. 297 ) .
However , the priesthood ban on blacks meant that they could not have a temple marriage , thus keeping them from achieving the highest form of eternal life , known as exaltation or godhood .
This ban was only enforced on blacks of African ancestry .
Such groups as Maori and Fiji Islanders were allowed to hold the LDS priesthood .
While the ban has been lifted the church has yet to clarify its theological view on race or why the ban was ever instituted .
Mormonism began in upstate New York , where whites predominated and blacks were free .
Joseph Smith seems to have accepted the common view of his community that dark skinned people were inferior to whites , while rejecting slavery .
Although the LDS Church allowed people of various races to join , there was an underlying belief in the superiority of the white race .
Indians and blacks were seen as " cursed " by God with a dark skin , but given the hope that in the hereafter they could become white .
At first blacks could be baptized and ordained in the LDS Church .
But as the Mormons moved from New York to Ohio , Missouri and Illinois and finally to the Utah territory , they developed stronger negative teachings on race and restricted priesthood ordination for blacks . [ p .
6 ] Brigham Young University professor Eugene England observed :
. . .
Mormon publications equivocated and became racist when the Church came under threat of violence for being " abolitionist " in Missouri in the early 1830's .
Many Mormon converts from the South kept their slaves and indeed took them West with them ( where Utah became the only western territory that allowed slavery ) .
At least by 1852 , Blacks were specifically denied the priesthood and temple blessing .
( " Becoming a World Religion : Blacks , the Poor — All of Us , " by Eugene England , Sunstone , June 1998 , pp. 54 - 55 )
This policy did not change until 1978 when President Spencer W. Kimball announced God had revealed to him that priesthood could now be extended to all men , regardless of race .
This study outlines the development of racial teachings in the LDS Church from its founding in 1830 to the present .
Racism in the Book of Mormon
In the early 1800s many people viewed Native Americans as a remnant of the lost ten tribes of Israel .
Sociologist Armand Mauss explains :
While early Mormons differed somewhat from other Americans in their conceptions and policies toward Indians , they also shared in the general political ambivalence and selective romanticism of most other Americans .
In the early nineteenth century , as Joseph Smith was reaching maturity and starting his ministry , theories and rumors about the so - called Indians abounded , . . .
According best with the popular millenarianism of the period were those theories that defined the Indians as constituting one or more of the lost ten tribes ( All Abraham 's Children : Changing Mormon Conceptions of Race and Lineage , by Armand L. Mauss , University of Illinois Press , 2003 , p. 48 ) .
This attitude is reflected in Joseph Smith 's first literary work , the Book of Mormon .
Joseph Smith claimed that in 1827 , on a hill in upstate New York , a heavenly being delivered into his hands a long hidden record of the ancient inhabitants of the Americas .
Over the next three years Smith worked on his translation of the record , assisted by various scribes and then returned the ancient plates to the messenger ( see History of the Church , vol . 1 , by Joseph Smith , Deseret Book , 1978 , pp. 18-19 ) .
After convincing a neighbor to help finance the printing , Smith published his work in 1830 , titled the Book of Mormon .
This record tells the story of a group of Israelites who fled Jerusalem about 600 B.C. and came to America .
They soon divided into two groups , the righteous Nephites , who were " white , " and the wicked Lamanites , who were cursed with " a skin of blackness . "
Part of the rational for God making the wicked " dark " was to insure that they were less " enticing " to the righteous " white " people :
And it came to pass that I beheld , after they had dwindled in unbelief they became a dark and loathsome , and a filthy people , full of idleness and all manner of abominations ( Book of Mormon , 1 Nephi 12:23 ) .
And he had caused the cursing to come upon them , yea , even a sore cursing . . . wherefore , as they were white , and exceedingly fair and delightsome , that they might not be enticing unto my people the Lord God did cause a skin of blackness to come upon them ( Book of Mormon , 2 Nephi 5:21 ) .
Behold the Lamanites your brethren , whom ye hate because of their filthiness and the cursing which hath come upon their skins . . . ( Book of Mormon , Jacob 3:5 ) .
O my brethren , I fear that unless ye shall repent of your sins that their skins will be whiter than yours , when ye shall be brought before the throne of God ( Book of Mormon , Jacob 3:8 ) .
And the skins of the Lamanites were dark , according to the mark which was set upon their fathers , which was a curse upon them because of their transgression and their rebellion against their brethren , . . . who were just and holy men . . . and the Lord God set a mark upon them , yea , upon Laman and Lemuel , and also the sons of Ishmael , and Ishmaelitish women .
And this was done that their seed might be distinguished from the seed of their brethren , that [ p .
7 ] thereby the Lord God might preserve his people , that they might not mix and believe in incorrect traditions . . . ( Book of Mormon , Alma 3:6 ) .
Towards the end of the Book of Mormon one of the righteous leaders , Mormon , declares that in the last days the gospel will again be taken to the Lamanites
that the seed of this people may more fully believe his gospel , which shall go forth unto them from the Gentiles ; for this people shall be scattered , and shall become a dark , a filthy , and a loathsome people , beyond the description of that which ever hath been amongst us , yea , even that which hath been among the Lamanites , and this because of their unbelief and idolatry ( Book of Mormon , Mormon 5:15 ) .
The Lamanites purportedly destroyed all of the Nephites in battle approximately A.D. 400 , thus leaving only the dark skinned people in the land .
While the Book of Mormon states that God " denieth none that come unto him , black and white , bond and free " ( 2 Nephi 26:33 ) , it still embraces a racist concept that dark skin is a curse from God .
Who are the Lamanites ?
The Introduction to the current Book of Mormon maintains that the Lamanites " are the principal ancestors of the American Indians . "
Although the LDS Church uses the term " Lamanite " sparingly these days , thirty years ago any native of North and South America , Polynesia , Hawaii , or Tonga was considered a descendent of the Book of Mormon people .
In the July 1971 Ensign , the official magazine for the LDS Church , is an article by Apostle Spencer W. Kimball , who later became president of the church .
In this article titled " Of Royal Blood , " Kimball declared :
With pride I tell those who come to my office that a Lamanite is a descendant of one Lehi who left Jerusalem six hundred years before Christ . . . and landed in America .
And Lehi and his family became the ancestors of all the Indian and Mestizo tribes in North and South and Central America and in the islands of the sea , . . .
Now the Lamanites number about sixty million ; they are in all the states of America from Tierra del Fuego all the way up to Point Barrows , and they are in nearly all the islands of the sea from Hawaii south to southern New Zealand ( Ensign , July 1971 , p. 7 ) .
An early LDS magazine , the Juvenile Instructor , seemed uncertain about the natives of New Zealand being descended from the Book of Mormon people , but still considered them under a curse :
We are asked if the natives of New Zealand and of the Samoan , Society and Sandwich Islands are descendants of the Nephites or of the Lamanites .
If of the former , how can their dark color be accounted for ? . . . if they are descendants of Nephi , how came they to be dark as the Lamanites ?
It is plain from the history which the Lord has given us in the Book of Mormon that this dark skin has been brought upon them by transgression .
Whether this transgression occurred before they left this continent or afterwards , is not clear ( Juvenile Instructor , vol. 30 , 1868 , p. 129 ) .
Dark and Loathsome ?
Joseph Smith seems to have accepted the prevalent view of his day that darker skinned people were not as favored by God as white skinned people .
According to the Book of Mormon , the Lord promised that in the last days , when the Lamanites ( Native Americans ) converted to the gospel they would become a " white and delightsome " people :
And then shall they rejoice ; for they shall know that it is a blessing unto them from the hand of God ; and their scales of darkness shall begin to fall from their eyes ; and many generations shall not pass away among them , save they shall be a white and a delightsome people ( 2 Nephi 30:6 ) .
[ The word " white " was changed to " pure " in 1981 . ]
Preaching in 1854 , Brigham
Young looked forward to the day when the Lamanites would be made white :
Here are the Lamanites . . .
Their wickedness was not so great as those [ Jews ] who slew the Son of God .
Jesus revealed himself to them after he was slain , preached to them the Gospel .
But in the fourth generation the Priesthood was driven from their midst , . . .
Is their curse as great as that [ p. 8 ] of those in Palestine ?
No , it is light , in comparison .
They began to thirst for each other 's blood , and massacred each other , from generation to generation , until they sunk into wickedness , and evil principles the most degrading , and have become loathsome and vile .
Still the curse will be removed from them before it will be removed from the children of Judah ; and they will become " a white and delightsome people " ( Brigham Young , Journal of Discourses , vol. 2 , Latter -day Saints ' Book Depot , 1855 , p. 143 ) .
Five years later , at October Conference in 1859 , Brigham Young again taught that the Book of Mormon prophecy of the Lamanites becoming " white " would eventually be fulfilled :
You may inquire of the intelligent of the world whether they can tell why the aborigines of this country are dark , loathsome , ignorant , and sunken into the depths of degradation ; and they can not tell .
I can tell you in a few words :
They are the seed of Joseph , and belong to the household of God ; and he will afflict them in this world , and save every one of them hereafter , even though they previously go into hell .
When the Lord has a people , he makes covenants with them and gives unto them promises : then , if they transgress his law , change his ordinances , and break the covenants he has made with them , he will put a mark upon them , as in the case of the Lamanites and other portions of the house of Israel ; but by - and - by they will become a white and delightsome people ( Journal of Discourses , vol. 7 , p. 336 ) .
Writing in 1909 B. H. Roberts , famous LDS Church leader and author , stated that the fulfillment of the Book of Mormon prophecy that the Native Americans would become " white and delightsome " would be a witness to the world of the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon :
I may say it is the universal opinion that the native American race is doomed to extinction ; and , in fact , that it is now on the high way to that finality .
Against such general opinion , however , the Book of Mormon utters the surprising declaration not only that the American race shall not become extinct , but that fallen as its fortunes are , and degraded as it is , yet shall it become , and that before many generations pass away , " a white and delightsome people ! "
Than this declaration I can think of nothing more boldly prophetic , nor of any inspired utterance which so squarely sets itself against all that is accepted as the probabilities in the case .
But with complete confidence we await the time of the fulfillment of God 's decree ; of its signal triumph over the opinions of men ( New Witnesses for God , by B. H. Roberts , vol .
3 , Deseret News , 1909 , p. 291 ) .
Evidently many of the current LDS leaders no longer share the views of Brigham Young and B. H. Roberts and are trying to dissolve the doctrine that the Native Americans will turn white after conversion .
In 1981 a very important change was made in 2 Nephi 30:6 .
It now promises the Lamanites that they will become " a pure and delightsome people . "
This change is not the result of correcting a printing error , as the manuscript of the Book of Mormon reads " white " and the first two printed editions use " white " not " pure . "
The verse was changed to " pure " in the 1840 edition , but returned to " white " in editions after that date .
There is another passage in the Book of Mormon which demonstrates the term " white " is related to a change in skin color : " And their curse was taken from them , and their skin became white like unto the Nephites " ( 3 Nephi 2:15 ) .
Prior to 1981 LDS prophets and apostles repeatedly stated that the skin of Native Americans would one day become " white . "
Spencer W. Kimball , who became the twelfth president of the LDS Church , believed that those who converted to Mormonism were actually becoming lighter .
In the LDS General Conference , October 1960 , Kimball made these comments :
" I saw a striking contrast in the progress of the Indian people . . . they are fast becoming a white and delightsome people .
. . .
For years they have been growing delightsome , and they are now becoming white and delightsome , as they were promised . . .
The children in the home placement program in Utah are often lighter than their brothers and sisters in the hogans on the reservation .
" At one meeting a father and mother and their sixteen - year - old daughter were present , the little member girl — sixteen — sitting between the dark father and mother , and it was evident she was several shades lighter than her parents — on the same reservation , in the same hogan , subject to the same sun and wind and weather .
. .
4 . These young [ p.
9 ] members of the Church are changing to whiteness and to delightsomeness ( Improvement Era , December 1960 , pp. 922-23 ) .
Unfortunately , many Native American members were subjected to various condescending statements by well - meaning white Mormons .
For example , Eduardo Pagan wrote the following letter to the editor of Dialogue : A Journal of Mormon Thought :
Being blessed with the mark of Laman , I have wrestled firsthand with the racist assumptions of the Latter - day Saints I grew up with .
As a child I listened in sacrament meeting to fervent prayers on behalf of my people , then heard on Mondays these same members discourage their children from becoming close friends with me ( " doors may be closed to them " ) .
On the walls of my Sunday school class , I saw pictures of a white - looking Jesus holding blond children .
My seminary teachers taught that the more righteous my ancestors were , the whiter they became , and that someday I too would become " white and delightsome . "
During my teenage years girlfriends told me that their parents were strongly encouraging them to date more " acceptable " boys ( Letter to the editor , Dialogue : A Journal of Mormon Thought , vol. 23 , no .
1 , Spring 1990 , p. 6 ) .
Helen Candland Stark , in the same issue of Dialogue , commented :
After my husband retired , we moved to a small Utah town where many families were participating in the Indian Placement Program .
One of the ward " pillars " and his foster son were evening sacrament meeting participants .
It may have been for a priesthood advancement ceremony .
At any rate , the boy spoke first , adequately but quietly .
Then his foster father rose to commend him .
He concluded his remarks with these words : " If he continues to make progress , he may someday be white and delightsome . "
Did any one in the congregation flinch ?
Is " red " not beautiful ?
( Letter to the editor , Dialogue , Spring 1990 , pp. 7 - 8 ) .
Up until the time of the new edition of the Book of Mormon in 1981 , LDS teachings about the American Indian indicated a belief in a literal change in skin color in the last days .
Lamanites and DNA
The origin of Native Americans has been a matter of discussion since the days of Columbus .
Mormonism has traditionally maintained that they descended from a group of Israelites who migrated from Jerusalem to the New World at approximately 600 B.C.
While many people in Joseph Smith 's day speculated that the American Indians descended from the lost ten tribes of Israel , later scientists rejected that theory .
The traditional scientific view has been that Native Americans descended from Asiatic people who crossed the Bering Strait thousands of years ago .
Dan Egan , writing for the Salt Lake Tribune , observed :
Generations of Mormons grew up with the notion that American Indians are descended from a lost tribe from the House of Israel , offspring of a Book of Mormon figure named Lehi , who left Jerusalem and sailed to the Americas around 600 B.C .
For faithful members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , Lehi 's story is neither fable nor parable .
It is truth .
Historical fact .
. . .
The problem is mainstream science has failed to back that story .
Instead , archaeologists , linguists and genetic experts outside Mormon culture say all the evidence points to Asia as the place from which American Indians originated .
. . .
( " BYU Gene Data May Shed Light on Origin of Book of Mormon 's Lamanites , " by Dan Egan , Salt Lake Tribune , November 30 , 2000 , p. B1 )
Over the last twenty years there has been great interest in DNA research , and especially in Mitochondrial DNA .
Nancy Shute , writing for U.S. News & World Report , commented :
Mitochondrial DNA has proved a marvelous tool for tracing human history .
Mothers pass it down to offspring almost intact — unlike nuclear DNA , the genetic material commonly used in criminal investigations .
( " Have n't Got a Clue ? Maybe DNA Will Do , " U.S. News & World Report , July 24 , 2000 )
The problem for Mormonism is that Mitochondrial DNA supports the view that the principal ancestors of Native Americans were Asiatic people .
Mormon defenders have maintained that only a small percent of American Indians would be [ p. 10 ] descendants of the Lamanites , which would explain why they do n't show up in the DNA samples that have been taken .
However , the Introduction to their own Book of Mormon claims that " the Lamanites . . . are the principal ancestors of the American Indians , " not an insignificant group .
Even President of the LDS Church , Gordon B. Hinckley , endorsed the claim that the American Indians are mainly descended from the Lamanites .
Dan Egan reported :
. . .
Mormons believe American Indians have a special place in their church .
It is a constant theme for their missionary efforts in South American and the Pacific Islands , and Mormon President Gordon B. Hinckley even uses the story of Lehi to inspire converts at temple dedications abroad .
" It has been a very interesting thing to see the descendants of Father Lehi in the congregations that have gathered in the temple , " Hinckley said at an August 1999 temple dedication in Ecuador .
" So very many of these people have the blood of Lehi in their veins , and it is just an intriguing thing to see their tremendous response and their tremendous interest . "
But most scientists outside LDS culture argue that if a band of Israelites did come to America 2,600 years ago , they left neither a linguistic nor an archaeological trace .
" I do n't think there is one iota of evidence that suggests a lost tribe from Israel made it all the way to the New World .
It is a great story , slain by ugly fact , " says Michael Crawford , a University of Kansas professor of biological anthropology and author of Origins of Native Americans , published by Cambridge University Press .
. . .
Author Crawford said all the evidence gathered so far so powerfully demonstrates the Asian - American Indian connection that it is as close to a " truth " as science can get ( Salt Lake Tribune , Nov. 30 , 2000 , p. B1 ) .
LDS scientist Thomas W. Murphy , chair of the Department of Anthropology at Edmonds Community College in Washington , wrote :
Now that quantitative scientific methods can indeed test for an Israelite genetic presence in ancient America , we learn instead that virtually all Native Americans can trace their lineages to the Asian migrations between 7,000 and 50,000 years ago .
While molecular anthropologists have the technological capability to identify descendants of ancient Hebrews , no traces of such DNA markers have appeared in Central America or elsewhere among Native Americans .
. . .
From a scientific perspective , the Book of Mormon 's origin is best situated in early nineteenth - century America , . . .
The Book of Mormon emerged from an antebellum perspective , out of a frontier American people 's struggle with their god , and not from an authentic American Indian perspective .
As Mormons , we have a moral and ethical obligation to discontinue this view of Native American origins and publicly disavow the offensive teaching that a dark skin is a physical trait of God 's malediction ( " Lamanite Genesis , Genealogy , and Genetics , " by Thomas W. Murphy , in American Apocrypha : Essays on the Book of Mormon , Signature Books , 2002 , p. 68 ) .
Writing in Anthropology News , Thomas Murphy and Simon Southerton , another LDS scientist who became disillusioned after studying DNA , observed :
Genetic research into Native American and Polynesian origins is sending shock waves through Mormon communities around the world .
The Book of Mormon , claimed as scripture by 11 million members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS ) , purports to tell of three migrations from the ancient middle East to the Americas .
The title page claims that the descendants of the migrants from Jerusalem " are the principal ancestors of the American Indians . "
Mormon folklore , likewise , postulates a Middle Eastern heritage for Polynesians .
Southerton has completed a book - length manuscript on the subject .
[ Losing a Lost Tribe : Native Americans , DNA , and the Mormon Church , by Simon Southerton , Signature Books , 2004 . ]
Simon Southerton , a plant geneticist , . . . resigned his position as bishop and withdrew his church membership .
In Mar 2000 , he published the story of his disillusionment on the Internet .
[ http://www.exmormon.org/whylft125.htm]
He " failed to find anything that supported migration of Jewish people before Columbus " and found " no reliable scientific evidence supporting migrations from the Middle East to the New World . "
[ p. 11 ] . . .
Investigation of mitochondrial DNA of more than 5,500 living Native Americans reveals that 99.4 % can be traced back to Asia primarily via maternal lineages known as A , B , C , D and X. Only 0.6 % came from Africa or Europe , most likely after 1492 .
Lineages
A through D are only found in Asia .
While the X lineage also is found in Europe and the Middle East , Asian and American lineages have distinctive markers that indicate an ancient separation long before the events described in the Book of Mormon .
Similar results from nearly 1,000 paternal lineages substantiate a Northeast Asian origin of American Indians .
Likewise , approximately 99 % of the Polynesians surveyed to date can trace their maternal lineages back to Southeast Asia .
The other 1 % almost certainly came from Europe in the recent past .
. . .
Folk biological claims of an Israelite ancestry , a curse with a dark skin , and a whitening of dark - skinned Native American and Polynesian Mormons fail to stand up to scrutiny among scientifically literate Latter - day Saints ( " Genetic Research a ' Galileo Event ' for Mormons , " by Thomas W. Murphy and Simon Southerton , Anthropology News , February 2003 , p. 20 ) .
The lack of DNA evidence that Israelites came to America and grew to a major population prior to the arrival of the Europeans certainly raises serious questions about the historicity of the Book of Mormon .
Israelites and Gentiles
The first page of the Book of Mormon explains that it is a record of God 's dealings with the " remnant of the house of Israel " in America and that the record was preserved to " come forth in due time by way of the Gentile " ( non-Israelites ) .
Armand Mauss observed :
Here Gentiles apparently included the white LDS custodians of the Book of Mormon . . .
Later in the nineteenth century , such passages were reinterpreted to mean that white Mormons , though part of a Gentile nation , were actually Ephraimites .
As indicated in [ 2 Nephi 3:6- 13 ] . . . the Book of Mormon contained a passage seeming to identify its translator , the prophet Joseph Smith , as a descendant of the biblical patriarch Joseph , but an awareness that Mormons more generally could be literal Israelites seems to have developed only gradually .
The original understanding seems to have been that all whites or Euroamericans were Gentiles , but those who joined the LDS Church were repentant Gentiles who could then be " grafted " into the house of Israel and become fully " Abraham 's seed " . . .
Later on , Latter - day Saints came to understand themselves as literal remnants of Israel ( especially of Ephraim ) . . . ( All Abraham 's Children , p. 50 ) .
Further discussion of the Mormon concept of being literal descendants of Israel can be found in the section on Patriarchal Blessings .
Book of Moses
Soon after publishing the Book of Mormon in 1830 , Joseph Smith began working on a revision of the Bible .
The Book of Moses ( printed in the Pearl of Great Price ) was part of this revision and reflected the community concept that blacks descended from Cain :
. . .
Behold the people of Canaan , which are numerous . . . shall divide themselves in the land , and the land shall be barren and unfruitful , and none other people shall dwell there but the people of Canaan ; For behold , the Lord shall curse the land with much heat , and the barrenness thereof shall go forth forever ; and there was a blackness came upon all the children of Canaan , that they were despised among all people . . .
And it came to pass that Enoch continued to call upon all the people , save it were the people of Canaan , to repent ; . . .
And Enoch also beheld the residue of the people which were the sons of Adam ; and they were a mixture of all the seed of Adam save it was the seed of Cain , for the seed of Cain were black , and had not place among them ( Pearl of Great Price , Moses 7:8 , 22 ) .
Even though the Mormons at that time accepted the common idea that blacks were from the cursed lineage of Cain , they did not view this as restricting their church participation .
A small number of blacks were baptized and at least two were ordained to the priesthood .
Trouble in Missouri
When Mormons started settling in Missouri in the early 1830s their open attitude toward Native Americans and blacks became a concern of their neighbors .
[ p. 12 ]
The Mormons felt called to evangelize the American Indians , believing them to be descendents of the Book of Mormon people .
As part of the restoring of Israel in the last days , Joseph Smith sent a few Mormons on a mission " into the wilderness among the Lamanites " in October of 1830 ( see Doctrine and Covenants 32:2 ) .
However , their efforts were viewed with suspicion by their Missouri neighbors .
Armand Mauss commented :
In assessing the significance of Mormon relationships with the Indians during the lifetime of Joseph Smith , one must concede the part that these relationships played in inciting the hostility of other Americans against the Mormons , especially in Missouri . . . .
Prophecies in the unique Mormon scriptures , as well as some Mormon commentary on those prophecies , seemed to justify such suspicions .
When the Book of Mormon has Christ promising that the " remnant of Jacob " ( i.e. , Indians ) shall go among the unrepentant Gentiles " as a young lion among the flocks of sheep " ( 3 Nephi 21:12‑13 ) , it would make the Gentiles wonder .
Nor would they likely be reassured by public proclamations warning the unrepentant Gentiles that God is about to sweep them off the land because of the " cries of the red men , whom ye and your fathers have dispossessed and driven from their lands " . . .
As part of an emerging separate ethnic identity , the Mormons began to define their destined homeland as extending from Wisconsin down to Texas and from Missouri across to the Rockies and even beyond , with the Indians as partners in building Zion throughout that entire region ( All Abraham 's Children , p. 55 ) .
LDS Historian David Whittaker observed :
The first Mormon preaching among native Americans occurred when Joseph Smith sent several missionaries to the western border of Missouri in the winter of 1830 - 31 . . .
In a revelation given in Missouri on 17 July 1831 Joseph Smith told these first missionaries to the Indians : " For it is my will that in time , ye should take unto you wives of the Lamanites and Nephites that their posterity may become white , delightsome and just , for even now their females are more virtuous than the gentiles . "
William W. Phelps included the " substance " ( two pages ) of the revelation in a 12 August 1861 letter to Brigham Young , now in the Church Historical Department .
Several things are apparent : ( 1 ) While the Book of Mormon strongly teaches that God removes the curse of the dark skin , this document implies that intermarriage can ; ( 2 ) Some scholars think that this revelation was the initial impetus for plural marriage , as some of the missionaries had wives in Ohio ; and ( 3 ) This document seems to have begun the Mormon practice of marrying native Americans .
. . .
This first Indian mission ended in failure , produced the first non-Mormon charges that Mormons and Indians were in league to destroy other whites on the frontier , and sparked Protestant missionary efforts to prevent Mormon proselyting . . . .
In spite of their denials , Mormons were being charged as late as 1838 with converting Indians in Missouri to use them against the local whites ( " Mormons and Native Americans : A Historical and Bibliographical Introduction , " by David J. Whittaker , Dialogue , vol. 18 , no. 4 , pp. 35 -36 ) .
[ The complete text of the 1831 revelation can be read in H. Michael Marquardt 's book , The Joseph Smith Revelations Text and Commentary , pp. 374-376 .
The revelation is also posted on our web site : Indian Polygamy Revelation . ]
LDS conversions among the North American Indians has been minimal , thus causing some to question the Book of Mormon promise that the Indians would be converted in the last days .
However , many LDS have shifted their hope to Latin America .
Speaking at the October 1921 LDS Conference , Andrew Jenson asserted :
The remnants of the house of Israel , now known as the North American Indians , have so far disappointed us to a certain extent .
We have had missionaries among the Indians since the beginning of 1831 , and some of the very best and most faithful elders in the Church have devoted the principal part of their lives endeavoring to learn the various languages or dialects spoken by the several tribes of Indians in the United States .
But after all their efforts in that regard they have only been able to reach a few people , and their labors have resulted in bringing a still smaller number of Lamanites to a knowledge of the truth , and [ p. 13 ] of those who have been baptized quite a few have not been faithful to their covenants , but have returned to their old habits and uncivilized ways and thus rendered the Church very little assistance .
On this account we have been inclined to attach but very little importance to our Indian missions , or even to the mission established many years ago in our sister republic on the south , the Mexican mission .
For compared with some of the missions among white people in our own country , and in foreign lands , the fruits or results have not been satisfactory .
In view of these facts , some of us have been led to query : How shall the predictions of the Book of Mormon regarding the Lamanites be fulfilled ?
And will they ever become a white and delightsome people and assist the so - called Gentiles ( who shall be converted , to build up Zion and establish truth and righteousness upon the earth ?
Those of us , however , who have accepted the Book of Mormon as an inspired record will not concede for a moment that the words of the Lord will fail ; hence , we naturally extend our vision and researches to other tribes of Indians , besides these once powerful tribes within the boundaries of the United States .
We , therefore cast a glance southward into old Mexico and through the great countries beyond — down through Central America and South America , where there are millions and millions of Lamanites , direct descendants of Father Lehi ( LDS Conference Report , October 1921 , p. 120 ) .
Today , the main effort of the LDS Church to reach Native Americans is in Mexico and South America .
There are currently almost as many Mormons in Mexico , Central and South America , and the Pacific Islands as there are in the United States .
Below are the LDS membership numbers as of December 31 , 2003 from the official LDS website , www.lds.org.
Membership Distribution ( 31 December 2003 )
United States - 5,503,192
Mexico - 980,053
Caribbean - 133,969
South America - 2,818,103
Central America - 513,067
South Pacific - 389,073
Other membership areas are given as :
Canada - 166,442
Europe - 433,667
Asia - 844,091
Africa - 203,597
Besides the anxiety regarding the Mormon efforts to evangelize the Native Americans , the Missourians were concerned about the Mormons ' attitude towards blacks .
Many worried that Smith 's church , founded in New York , was anti-slavery .
Researcher Lester E. Bush Jr. observed :
At this time the Mormons were mostly emigrants from northern and eastern states , and were not slaveholders .
In less than a year a rumor was afoot that they were " tampering " with the slaves ( " Mormonism 's Negro Doctrine : An Historical Overview , " Dialogue , vol. 8 , no .
1 , Spring , 1973 , p. 12 ) .
In July of 1833 , the Mormons published an article in the Evening and Morning Star entitled " Free People of Color . "
It stated :
To prevent any misunderstanding . . . regarding
Free people of color , who may think of coming to the western boundaries of Missouri , as members of the church , we quote the following clauses from the Laws of Missouri .
The article then quoted two sections from the law which outlined that a " free negro or mulatto " must have a " certificate of citizenship , " and anyone aiding such persons to migrate to Missouri were obligated to ensure the blacks had proper identification and papers .
The Mormon article continued :
Slaves are real estate in this and other states , and wisdom would dictate great care among the branches of the church of Christ , on this subject .
So long as we have no special rule in the church , as to people of color , let prudence guide ; and while they , as well as we , are in the hands of a merciful God , we say :
Shun every appearance of evil ( Evening and Morning Star , Independence , Missouri , July 1833 , p. 109 ) .
On page 111 of the same issue it stated :
Our brethren will find an extract of the law of this state , relative to free people of color , on another [ p. 14 ] page of this paper .
Great care should be taken on this point .
The saints must shun every appearance of evil .
As to slaves we have nothing to say .
In connection with the wonderful events of this age , much is doing towards abolishing slavery , and colonizing the blacks , in Africa ( Evening and Morning Star , July 1833 , p. 111 ) .
These statements upset their slave - holding neighbors , as some people felt the Mormons were encouraging free blacks to move to the area .
In an effort to calm the fears of the Missourians , the Mormons put out a special one page extra of their newspaper dealing with blacks :
Having learned with regret , that an article entitled FREE PEOPLE OF COLOR , in the last number of the Star , has been misunderstood , we feel in duty bound to state , in this Extra , that our intention was not only to stop free people of color from emigrating to this state , but to prevent them from being admitted as members of the Church .
. . .
To be short , we are opposed to have free people of color admitted into the state ; and we say , that none will be admitted into the church , for we are determined to obey the laws and constitutions of our country , . . . ( Evening and Morning Star , Extra , July 16 , 1833 ; see photo below ) .
Abolitionists
In April 1836 , Joseph Smith wrote an article for the church 's publication , Messenger and Advocate , which was later reprinted in the History of the Church .
In this article he made it clear that he favored the practice of slavery and was very opposed to abolitionists .
The Mormon prophet stated :
Dear Sir : — This place [ Kirtland ] having recently been visited by a gentleman who advocated the principles or doctrines of those who are called Abolitionists , and his presence having created an interest in that subject , if you deem the following reflections of any service , or think they will have a tendency to correct the opinions of the Southern public , relative to the views and sentiments I entertain , as an individual , and which I am able to say from personal knowledge are the sentiments of others , you are at liberty to give them publicity in the columns of the Advocate . . .
I fear that the sound might go out that " an Abolitionist " had held forth several times to this community . . .
I am happy to say that no violence , or breach of the public peace , was attempted ; so far from this , all except a very few , attended to their own vocations , and left the gentleman to hold forth his own arguments to nearly naked walls .
I am aware that many , who profess to preach the Gospel , complain against their brethren of the same faith , who reside in the South , and are ready to withdraw the hand of fellowship , because they will not renounce the principle of slavery , and raise their voice against every thing of the kind .
This must be a tender point , and one which should call forth the candid reflections of all men , and more especially before they advance in an opposition calculated to lay waste the fair states of the South , and let loose upon the world a community of people , who might , peradventure , overrun our country , and violate the most sacred principles of human society , chastity and virtue .
No one will pretend to say that the people of the free states are as capable of knowing the evils of slavery , as those who hold slaves . . .
And besides , are not those who hold slaves , persons of ability , discernment and candor ? . . .
I do not believe that the people of the North have any more right to say that the South shall not hold slaves , than the South to say the North shall . . .
How any community can ever be excited with the chatter of such persons , boys and others , who are too indolent to obtain their living by honest industry , and are incapable of pursuing any occupation of a professional nature , is unaccountable to me ; when I see persons in the free states , signing documents against slavery , it is no less , in my mind , than an army of influence , and a declaration of hostilities , against the people of the South .
What course could sooner divide our union ?
After having expressed myself so freely upon the subject , I do not doubt , but those who have been forward in raising their voices against the South will cry out against me as being uncharitable , unfeeling , unkind , and wholly unacquainted with the Gospel of Christ .
. . . the first mention we have of slavery is found in the Holy Bible , pronounced by a man who was perfect in his generation , and walked with God .
And so far from that prediction being averse to the mind of God , it remains as a lasting monument of the decree of Jehovah , to the shame and confusion of all who have cried out against the South in consequence of their holding the sons of Ham in servitude . . .
I can say , the curse is not yet
[ p. 15 ]
( click to enlarge )
[ p. 16 ] taken off from the sons of Canaan , neither will be until it is affected by as great a power as caused it to come ; and the people who interfere the least with the purposes of God in this matter , will come under the least condemnation before Him ; and those who are determined to pursue a course , which shows an opposition , and a feverish restlessness against the decrees of the Lord , will learn , when perhaps it is too late for their own good , that God can do His own work , without the aid of those who are not dictated by His counsel ( History of the Church , by Joseph Smith , vol. 2 , pp. 436-438 ) .
In 1838 , Joseph Smith answered some questions that were frequently asked regarding the church .
Question number thirteen was concerning slavery :
Thirteenth — " Are the Mormons abolitionists ? "
No , unless delivering the people from priestcraft , and the priests from the power of Satan , should be considered abolition .
But we do not believe in setting the negroes free ( History of the Church , vol. 3 , p. 29 ) .
Toward the end of his life Joseph Smith seemed to change his mind somewhat concerning slavery .
Under the date of January 2 , 1843 , Joseph Smith wrote :
" Had I anything to do with the negro , I would confine them by strict law to their own species , and put them on a national equalization " ( History of the Church , vol. 6 , pp. 217-218 ) .
Book of Abraham
In 1835 Joseph Smith purchased a collection of mummies and papyri from Michael Chandler , who was traveling through Ohio .
He started working on a translation of one of the rolls of Egyptian papyri but did not publish his manuscript until 1842 .
This work was titled The Book of Abraham , now part of the Pearl of Great Price , and was published in the church - owned Times and Seasons .
This new work , canonized in 1880 , reflected Smith 's growing racist attitude towards blacks and priesthood :
Now this king of Egypt was a descendant from the loins of Ham , and was a partaker of the blood of the Canaanites by birth .
From this descent sprang all the Egyptians , and thus the blood of the Canaanites was preserved in the land .
The land of Egypt being first discovered by a woman , who was the daughter of Ham , and the daughter of Egyptus , which in the Chaldean signifies Egypt , which signifies that which is forbidden ;
When this woman discovered the land it was under water , who afterward settled her sons in it ; and thus , from Ham , sprang that race which preserved the curse in the land .
Now the first government of Egypt was established by Pharaoh , the eldest son of Egyptus , the daughter of Ham , and it was after the manner of the government of Ham , which was patriarchal .
Pharaoh , being a righteous man , established his kingdom and judged his people wisely and justly all his days , seeking earnestly to imitate that order established by the fathers in the first generations , in the days of the first patriarchal reign , even in the reign of Adam , and also of Noah , his father , who blessed him with the blessings of the earth , and with the blessings of wisdom , but cursed him as pertaining to the Priesthood .
Now , Pharaoh being of that lineage by which he could not have the right of Priesthood , notwithstanding the Pharaohs would fain claim it from Noah , through Ham , therefore my father was led away by their idolatry ( Pearl of Great Price , Book of Abraham , 1:21 - 27 ) .
When a reporter asked LDS President David O. McKay in 1961 about the basis for the policy of restricting blacks from priesthood , " he replied that it rested solely on the Book of Abraham .
' That is the only reason , ' he said .
' It is founded on that . ' " ( " David O. McKay and Blacks , " by Gregory A. Prince , Dialogue , Spring 2002 , p. 146 ) .
LDS author Stephen Taggart observed :
With the publication of The Book of Abraham all of the elements for the Church 's policy of denying the priesthood to Negroes were present .
The curse of Canaan motif borrowed from Southern fundamentalism was being supported with the Church by a foundation of proslavery statements and attitudes which had emerged during the years of crisis in Missouri . . . . ( Mormonism 's Negro Policy : Social and Historical Origins , by Stephen G. Taggart , University of Utah Press , 1970 , pp. 62‑63 ) .[ p. 17 ]
Book of Abraham from Papyrus ?
The heading on the Book of Abraham states that it is " translated from the papyrus , by Joseph Smith . "
He specifically claimed that the Book of Abraham is " A translation of some ancient Records , that have fallen into our hands from the catacombs of Egypt " ( see the introduction to the Book of Abraham ) .
When the Mormons moved west this collection stayed behind with Joseph 's widow , Emma , and were thought to have been destroyed in the Great Chicago fire in 1871 .
Interestingly , in 1967 the original papyrus from which Joseph Smith claimed to " translate " the Book of Abraham was rediscovered in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York .
These artifacts were presented to the LDS Church .
Photos of the eleven papyrus fragments , including the original of Facsimile No. 1 , were printed in the February 1968 issue of the Improvement Era , an official LDS magazine .
The papyri are also mentioned in the LDS publication , The Pearl of Great Price : Student Manual , Religion 327 , pp. 28 - 29 .
Below is a photo of part of the Egyptian papyri owned by Joseph Smith .
Egyptologists found that the papyrus was in reality a copy of the Egyptian Book of Breathings , a pagan text that had absolutely nothing to do with Abraham or his religion .
Robert K. Ritner , Associate Professor of Egyptology at the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago , commented :
In 1967 , the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York made a gift to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints of eleven papyrus fragments once owned by Joseph Smith and employed as the basis for " The Book of Abraham . " . . .
Egyptologists John A. Wilson and Richard A. Parker identified fragments within this collection as sections of a late mortuary text known as a " Book of Breathings , " copied for a Theban priest named Hor. . . .
Like the " Book of the Dead , " the sole purpose of the later texts is to ensure the blessed afterlife of the deceased individual , . . .
The text is a formal document or " permit " created by Isis [ an Egyptian deity ] and copied by Thoth [ another Egyptian deity ] to assure that the deified Hor regains the ability to breathe and function after death , with full mobility , access to offerings and all other privileges of the immortal gods .
The implications , basic symbolism and intent of the text are certain ( " The ' Breathing Permit of Hor ' Thirty - four Years Later , " Dialogue , vol. 33 , no .
4 , Winter 2000 , pp. 97‑99 , 115 ) .
Since the Book of Abraham is obviously not a translation of the papyrus , why does the LDS Church keep it and its racist teachings as part of their canon of scripture ?
( For a larger treatment of the Book of Abraham problems see our book , Mormonism — Shadow or Realty ?
pages 249-369 ; and By His Own Hand Upon Papyrus , by Charles Larson . )
Doctrine of Pre-Existence
To better understand the Mormon attitude concerning blacks , a person must first be aware of the doctrine of pre-existence or pre-mortal life .
Joseph Smith taught that man is the same species as God and his direct offspring , born as a spirit child in an earlier existence , then raised to maturity prior to being sent to earth as an infant .
Preaching at the funeral of an early Mormon , Joseph Smith stated :
First ,
God himself , who sits enthroned in yonder heavens , is a man like unto one of yourselves , that is the great secret . . .
I am going to tell you how God came to be God .
We have imagined that God was God from all eternity . . .
God himself ; the Father of us all dwelt on an earth the same as Jesus Christ himself did . . .
I have another subject to dwell upon . . . the soul , the mind of man , the immortal spirit .
All men say God created it in the beginning .
The very idea lessens man in my estimation ; I do not believe the doctrine . . .
The mind of man is as immortal as God himself .
I know that my testimony is true , hence when I talk to these mourners ; what have they lost , they are only separated from their bodies for a short season ; their spirits existed co-equal with God . . .
God never did have power to create the spirit of man at all ( Times and Seasons , vol .
5 , pp. 613-615 ; also in History of the Church , vol. 6 , pp. 302-312 ) .
The LDS Church teaches that God was once a mortal on some other world .
He and his wife were faithful on that earth , died , were resurrected and eventually advanced to godhood .
Their spirit children , who were literally born to them in that state , were later sent to an earth to obtain a mortal body and possibly advance as their heavenly parents did before them .
[ p. 18 ]
( click to enlarge )
[ p. 19 ]
In a 1925 LDS First Presidency statement we read :
The doctrine of pre-existence pours wonderful flood of light upon the otherwise mysterious problem of man 's origin .
It shows that man , as a spirit , was begotten and born of heavenly parents [ God and His Wife ] , and reared to maturity in the eternal mansions of the Father , prior to coming upon the earth in a temporal body to undergo an experience in mortality .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , basing its belief on divine revelation , ancient and modern , proclaims man to be the direct and lineal offspring of Deity .
By his Almighty power God organized the earth , and all that it contains , from spirit and element , which exist co-eternally with himself .
Man is the child of God , formed in the divine image and endowed with divine attributes , and even as the infant son of an earthly father and mother is capable in due time of becoming a man , so that undeveloped offspring of celestial parentage is capable , by experience through ages and aeons , of evolving into a God ( " The Origin of Man , " LDS First Presidency , Encyclopedia of Mormonism , vol .
4 , edited by Daniel H. Ludlow , Macmillan Publishing Co. , 1992 , Appendix 4 )
Joseph Smith 's doctrine of man 's pre-mortal existence brought about the idea that some of God 's children were more noble than others in that prior life and thus earned the right to be born on earth into a Mormon family .
Preaching in the Salt Lake Tabernacle in 1852 , Apostle Orson Pratt stated :
I have already told you that the spirits of men and women , all had a previous existence , thousands of years ago , in the heavens , in the presence of God ; and I have already told you that among them are many spirits that are more noble , more intelligent than others , that were called the great and mighty ones , reserved until the dispensation of the fulness of times , to come forth upon the face of the earth , through a noble parentage . . .
Do you believe , says one , that they are reserved until the last dispensation , for such a noble purpose ?
Yes ; and among the Saints is the most likely place for these spirits to take their tabernacles , through a just and righteous parentage .
. . .
This is the reason why the Lord is sending them here , brethren and sisters ; they are appointed to come and take their bodies here , . . .
The Lord has not kept them in store for five or six thousand years past , and kept them waiting for their bodies all this time to send them among the Hottentots , the African negroes , the idolatrous Hindoos , or any other of the fallen nations that dwell upon the face of this earth .
They are not kept in reserve in order to come forth to receive such a degraded parentage upon the earth ; . . . ( Journal of Discourses , vol. 1 , pp. 62‑63 ) .
The Book of Abraham explains that those who were " noble " in the pre-existence ( man 's first estate ) were to be the " rulers " on earth ( man 's second estate ) .
( Pearl of Great Price , Book of Abraham 3:22 - 23 ) .
This led to an interpretation that each person 's birth on earth is a direct result of his / her worthiness in a prior life in heaven .
Thus those less valiant were born black , and sent through the lineage of Cain , while the righteous were born white .
And those most worthy were born into Mormon families .
Heber C. Kimball , a member of the First Presidency of the LDS Church under Brigham Young , preached :
I tell you there is not a purer set of women on God 's earth than there is here ; and they shall live and bear the souls of men , and bear tabernacles for those righteous spirits that are kept back for the last time , for the winding up scenery ( Journal of Discourses , vol. 5 , p. 133 ) .
The second Article of Faith of the LDS Church reads as follows : " We believe that men will be punished for their own sins , and not for Adam 's transgression " ( Pearl of Great Price ) .
To avoid the idea that Cain 's descendants were punished for his transgression , the Mormon leaders have taught that those born black were " indifferent in their support of the righteous cause " in the pre-existence .
In 1845 LDS Apostle Orson Hyde explained that those spirits who were unworthy were sent through the cursed lineage :
At the time the devil was cast out of heaven , there were some spirits that did not know who had authority , whether God or the devil .
They consequently did not take a very active part on either side , but rather thought the devil had been [ p. 20 ] abused , . . .
These spirits were not considered bad enough to be cast down to hell , and never have bodies ; neither were they considered worthy of an honourable body on this earth : . . .
But those spirits in heaven that rather lent an influence to the devil , thinking he had a little the best right to govern , but did not take a very active part any way were required to come into the world and take bodies in the accursed lineage of Canaan ; and hence the Negro or African race ( " Speech of Elder Orson Hyde , delivered before the High Priests ' Quorum , in Nauvoo , " April 27 , 1845 , printed by John Taylor , p. 30 ) .
In 1885 B. H. Roberts , famous LDS author and member of the Council of Seventy , explained the Mormon doctrine of the war in heaven between God 's spirit children :
The contest was a severe one , and during its progress all degrees of integrity were manifest .
Those who stood with Christ and the plan
He favored for the salvation of man , formed one extreme , while those who stood with Lucifer and for the plan of salvation devised by him , which was destructive of man 's agency , formed the other extreme ; between these two extremes every shade of faith , fulness and indifference was exhibited .
Only those , however , who wickedly rebelled against God were adjudged to deserve banishment from heaven , and become the devil and his angels .
Others there were , who may not have rebelled against God , and yet were so indifferent in their support of the righteous cause of our Redeemer , that they forfeited certain privileges and powers granted to those who were more valiant for God and correct principles .
We have , I think , a demonstration of this in the seed of Ham . . . .
I believe that race is the one through which it is ordained those spirits that were not valiant in the great rebellion in heaven should come ; who through their indifference or lack of integrity to righteousness , rendered themselves unworthy of the Priesthood and its powers , and hence it is withheld from them to this day ( The Contributor , vol. 6 , pp. 296-297 ) .
Gaylon L. Caldwell , LDS researcher and author , made the following observation :
This doctrine is not without logical difficulties , however .
Considering the Latter - day Saint dictum that " man is punished for his own sins " the curse on Cain is understandable and consistent with Mormon philosophy , since the Mormon scripture insists that he sinned knowingly and willfully .
But how is one to account for the penalty on all his alleged descendants ?
An arbitrary God who would permit millions of people to be deprived of the priesthood , and hence its concomitant blessings , by accident of birth simply does not fit into the Mormon theology .
As would be expected , this problem has led to the formulation of several theses .
One of the most popular was framed by B. H. Roberts from a suggestion by Orson Hyde , early Apostle .
Roberts suggested that since all spirits before living in the flesh had an opportunity to prove their fidelity to God and His laws during the " war in heaven " some of them might have been neutral , or proved less valiant than others , and thus lost the right of priesthood during their earthly sojourn ( " Moral and Religious Aspects of the Negro in Utah , " by Gaylon L. Caldwell , Western Humanities Review , Winter 1959 , p. 105 ) .
Joseph Fielding Smith , who became the tenth president of the LDS Church , explained the church 's position on race :
There is a reason why one man is born black and with other disadvantages , while another is born white with great advantages .
The reason is that we once had an estate before we came here , and were obedient , more or less , to the laws that were given us there ( Doctrines of Salvation : Sermons and Writings of Joseph Fielding Smith , compiled by Bruce R. McConkie , vol .
1 , Bookcraft , 1954 , p. 61 ) .
This teaching was clearly stated in a letter written by the LDS First Presidency on July 17 , 1947 :
Your position seems to lose sight of the revelations of the Lord touching the pre-existence of our spirits , the rebellion in heaven , and the doctrine that our birth into this life and the advantages under which we may be born , have a relationship in the life heretofore .
From the days of the Prophet Joseph even until now , it has been the doctrine of the Church , never questioned by any of the Church leaders , that the Negroes are not entitled to the full blessings of the Gospel ( as quoted in Mormonism and the Negro , by John J. Stewart and William E. Berrett , Horizon Publishers , 1978 , p. 47 ) .
[ p. 21 ] Apostle Mark E. Petersen , speaking at the Convention of Teachers of Religion at Brigham Young University in 1954 , declared :
We cannot escape the conclusion that because of performance in our pre-existence some of us are born as Chinese , some as Japanese , some as Indians , some as Negroes , some Americans , some as Latter - day Saints .
These are rewards and punishments . . .
Is it not reasonable to believe that less worthy spirits would come through less favored lineage ? . . .
Let us consider the great mercy of God for a moment .
The Chinese , born in China with a dark skin , and with all the handicaps of that race seems to have little opportunity .
But think of the mercy of God to Chinese people who are willing to accept the gospel .
In spite of whatever they might have done in the pre-existence to justify being born over there as Chinamen , if they now , in this life , accept the gospel and live it the rest of their lives they can have the Priesthood , go to the temple and receive endowments and sealings , and that means they can have exaltation .
. . .
Think of the Negro , cursed as to the Priesthood .
. . .
This negro , who , in the pre-existence lived the type of life which justified the Lord in sending him to the earth in the lineage of Cain with a black skin .
. . .
In spite of all he did in the pre-existent life , the Lord is willing , if the Negro accepts the gospel . . . he can and will enter the celestial kingdom .
He will go there as a servant , but he will get celestial glory ( " Race Problems — As they Affect the Church , " address by Apostle Mark E. Petersen at the Convention of Teachers of Religion on the College Level , Brigham Young University , Provo , Utah , August 27 , 1954 ; see Appendix B for entire speech ) .
LDS Apostle Bruce R. McConkie discussed the curse on Cain :
Though he was a rebel and an associate of Lucifer in pre-existence , and though he was a liar from the beginning whose name was Perdition , Cain managed to attain the privilege of mortal birth .
Under Adam 's tutelage , he began in this life to serve God. . . .
Then he came out in open rebellion , fought God , worshiped Lucifer , and slew Abel. . . .
As a result of his rebellion , Cain was cursed with a dark skin ; he became the father of the Negroes , and those spirits who are not worthy to receive the priesthood are born through his lineage .
He became the first mortal to be cursed as a son of perdition .
As a result of his mortal birth he is assured of a tangible body of flesh and bones in eternity , a fact which will enable him to rule over Satan ( Mormon Doctrine , by Bruce R. McConkie , Bookcraft , 1958 edition , p. 102 ; in the 1966 and 1979 editions , p. 109 ) .
Alvin R. Dyer , assistant to the twelve apostles and later ordained an apostle , spoke on racial issues to the Norwegian Mission gathering in Oslo , Norway , on March 18 , 1961 .
In this talk he said :
We have talked a lot about missionary work and heard the testimonies of those who have spoken .
I want to talk to you a little bit now about something that is not missionary work , and what I say is not to be given to your investigators by any matter of means .
. . .
Why is it that you are white and not colored :
Have you ever asked yourself that question ?
Who had anything to do with your being born into the Church and not born a Chinese or a Hindu , or a Negro ?
Is God such an unjust person that He would make you white and free and make a Negro cursed under the cursing of Cain that he could not hold the Priesthood of God ? . . .
Those who have been cursed in the pre-existence were born through this lineage of Ham . . . . Why is a Negro a Negro ? . . .
The reason that spirits are born into Negro bodies is because those spirits rejected the Priesthood of God in the pre-existence .
This is the reason why you have Negroes upon the earth .
You will observe that when Cain was influenced by the power of Lucifer to follow him and to fall down and worship him in the beginning , it was then that . . .
Cain rejected the counsel of God .
He rejected again the Priesthood as his forebearers had done in the pre-existence .
Therefore , the curse of the pre-existence was made institute through the loins of Cain .
Consequently , you have the beginning of the race of men and women into which would be born those in the pre-existence who had rejected the Priesthood of God. . . .
Ham reinstated the curse of the pre-existence when he rejected the Priesthood of [ p.
22 ] Noah , and in consequence of that he preserved the curse on the earth .
Therefore , the Negroes to be born thereafter , or those who were to become Negroes , were to be born through the loins of Ham .
All of this is according to a well worked - out plan , that these millions and billions of spirits awaiting birth in the pre-existence would be born through a channel or race of people .
Consequently , the cursed were to be born through Ham ( " For What Purpose , " talk by Alvin R. Dyer , Oslo , Norway , March 18 , 1961 , typed copy in our files .
Part of this talk is quoted in The Church and the Negro , by John L. Lund , 1967 , p. 97 ) .
In a letter dated April 10 , 1963 , Apostle Joseph Fielding Smith wrote :
According to the doctrine of the church , the Negro , because of some condition of unfaithfulness in the spirit - or pre-existence , was not valiant and hence was not denied the mortal probation , but was denied the blessings of the priesthood ( Letter to Joseph H. Henderson ; see Appendix C ) .
Patriarchal Blessings
The LDS concept of race is also present in their Patriarchal Blessings , usually given to members during their teen years .
The Patriarch , a man specially appointed to this office , lays his hands on the person 's head and says a special prayer , stating from which line of the twelve tribes of Israel the person descends , as well as giving certain guidelines for life .
The person is often promised a full life , happy marriage with children and numerous " callings " ( church appointed service ) , all blessings predicated on faithfulness to the LDS Church .
The lineage for a white member is usually identified as the line of " Ephraim . "
American Indians are usually identified as from " Manasseh . "
Those born in the favored line of Ephraim are considered to have earned this right in their prior existence in heaven .
An example of this type of teaching is found in one of the author 's ( Sandra's ) Patriarchal Blessing , given February 10 , 1955 .
It states :
You have royal blood in your veins for you are a descendant of Father Abraham .
You come from the house of Joseph the favorite son of Jacob who was sold into Egypt and from the loins of Ephraim .
. . .
You were valiant in your first estate [ pre- mortal life ] and the Lord has rewarded you for it .
You struggled valiantly that we might have our free agency and the Lord held you in reserve to come forth at this late time to the home of goodly parents .
. .
Photos of Sandra 's Patriarchal Blessing
( click on each image to enlarge )
The Encyclopedia of Mormonism , under EPHRAIM , states :
For Latter - day Saints , identification of a person 's lineage in latter - day Covenant Israel is made under the hands of inspired Patriarchs through patriarchal blessings that declare lineage .
Elder John A. Widtsoe , an Apostle , declared , " In giving a blessing the patriarch may declare our lineage — that is , that we are of Israel , therefore of the family of Abraham , and of a specific tribe of Jacob .
In the great majority of cases , Latter - day Saints are of the tribe of Ephraim , the tribe to which has been committed the leadership of the Latter - day work .
Whether this lineage is of blood or adoption it does not matter . . .
The patriarchal blessings of most Latter - day Saints indicate that they are literal , blood descendants of Abraham and of Israel .
Those who are not literal descendants are adopted into the family of Abraham when they receive baptism and confirmation ( see Law of Adoption ) .
They are then entitled to all the rights and privileges of heirs ( TPJS [ Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith ] , pp. 149-50 ) .
This doctrine of adoption was understood by ancient prophets and apostles . . . ( Encyclopedia of Mormonism , vol. 2 , p. 461 ) .
One of the curious aspects of these blessings is that some people in the same family have been declared to be from different blood lines .
Writing in 1960 , Joseph Fielding Smith , tenth president of the LDS Church , explained how this could happen :
Question : " I wish to receive an answer to the following question :
Is it possible for all the members of a family , including father and mother , to be of the tribe of Ephraim and one son in that family to be of the tribe of Manasseh ? "
Answer :
It is very possible that a patriarch in giving blessings to a family may declare that one or more may be of a different lineage from the [ p. 23 ] others through the inspiration which he receives .
We have in our archives , blessings showing this difference to exist in families .
Without giving this question careful thought one might conclude that the patriarch had spoken without inspiration , but such would be an incorrect conclusion .
The fact is that we , each and all , have descended through a mixed lineage .
. . .
Therefore , through the scattering of Israel among the nations , the blood of Israel was mixed with the Gentile nations , fulfilling the promise made to Abraham .
Most of the members of the Church , although they are designated as descendants of Abraham , through Israel , also have in their veins Gentile blood .
This is to say , no one is a direct descendant through Ephraim through each generation , or through Manasseh or any other one of the sons of Jacob , without having acquired the blood of some other tribe in Israel in that descent .
. . .
The Book of Mormon states that Joseph Smith the Prophet was a descendant of Joseph , son of Jacob .
By revelation we learn also that he is of the tribe of Ephraim , but it is evident that he also had some Gentile blood in him , for it is written in the Book of Mormon , that it came forth , " by way of the Gentile , " and it came by Joseph Smith .
It is reasonable , therefore , to understand that we one and all have come through a mixed relationship , and that the blood of Ephraim and also of Manasseh could be in the veins of many of us , likewise the blood of others of the twelve tribes of Israel , and that none of us had come through the ages with clear exclusive descent from father to son through any one of the tribes ( Answers to Gospel Questions , by Joseph Fielding Smith , vol .
3 , Deseret Book , 1960 , pp. 61 - 64 )
LDS author Irene Bates discussed the issues of race , linage and patriarchal blessings in an article for Dialogue :
Following the death of Joseph Smith the policy of the church was to exclude blacks from ordination to the priesthood and from Latter - day Saint temples .
Although some black members of the church were given patriarchal blessings , declarations of lineage were omitted as a matter of policy .
But guidelines were not consistent , and the question remained the subject of debate .
In a 24 September 1972 interview , President Harold B. Lee said " skin color is not what keeps the Negro from the priesthood .
It [ is ] strictly a matter of lineage and involves only African Negroes .
In comparison , he noted , dark or black islanders , such as Fijians , Tongans , Samoans , or Maoris , are all permitted full rights to the priesthood . "
That color did have a negative connotation , however , can be seen in several early blessings referring to native Americans .
The Saints were told they should preach the gospel to the Lamanites ( Mormon terminology for American Indians ) to enable them to " become a white and delightsome people . " . . .
The expression " white and delightsome " is included in all but the latest , 1981 , edition of the Book of Mormon , where the phrase now reads , " a pure and delightsome people " ( 2 Ne. 30:6 ) .
On 8 June 1978 , however , priesthood and temple blessings were extended to " every worthy man in the Church . . . without regard for race or color " ( D&C OD 2 ) . . . .
It would be interesting to survey patriarchal blessings given to black members of the church both before and after the 1978 declaration .
Although declaration of lineage is still one of the salient features of all patriarchal blessings , more sophisticated knowledge may demand some adjustment of the earlier claims of pure blood relationship ( " Patriarchal Blessings and the Routinization of Charisma , " by Irene M. Bates , Dialogue , vol. 26 , no .
3 , Fall 1993 , pp. 7 -8 ) .
As recently as 1998 Apostle Richard Scott taught that one 's race is based on past performance .
Speaking at the LDS Conference he said :
Your Heavenly Father assigned you to be born into a specific lineage from which you received your inheritance of race , culture , and traditions .
That lineage can provide a rich heritage and great reasons to rejoice ( " Removing Barriers to Happiness , " Ensign , published by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , May , 1998 , p. 86 ) .
Changing the Blood
One of the more bizarre doctrines that Joseph Smith taught was that a Gentile must literally have his blood changed so that he is actually of the seed of Abraham :
. . . as the Holy Ghost falls upon one of the literal seed of Abraham , it is calm and serene ; . . . [ p. 24 ] while the effect of the Holy Ghost upon a Gentile , is to purge out the old blood , and make him actually of the seed of Abraham ( History of the Church , vol. 3 , p. 380 ) .
Brigham Young , the second President of the LDS Church , approved of Smith 's teaching :
Again , if a pure Gentile firmly believes the Gospel of Jesus Christ , and yields obedience to it , in such a case I will give you the words of the Prophet Joseph — " When the Lord pours out the Holy Ghost upon that individual he will have spasms , and you would think that he was going into fits . "
Joseph said that the Gentile blood was actually cleansed out of their veins , and the blood of Jacob made to circulate in them ; and the revolution and change in the system were so great that it caused the beholder to think they were going into fits ( Journal of Discourses , vol. 2 , p. 269 ) .
According to this doctrine we would expect that a Jew would have the proper blood , but Brigham Young taught that even a Jew must have his blood changed :
If a Jew comes into this Church , and honestly professes to be a Saint , a follower of Christ , and if the blood of Judah is in his veins , he will apostatize .
He may have been born and bred a Jew , . . . and have openly professed to be a Jew all his days ; but I will tell you a secret — there is not a particle of the blood of Judaism in him , if he has become a true Christian , a Saint of God ; for if there is , he will most assuredly leave the Church of Christ , or that blood will be purged out of his veins .
We have men among us who were Jews , . . . here is brother Neibaur ; do I believe there is one particle of the blood of Judah in his veins ?
No , not so much as could be seen on the point of the finest cambric needle , through a microscope with a magnifying power of two millions ( Journal of Discourses , vol. 2 , p. 142 ) .
Armand Mauss observed :
With the passage of time , especially in recent decades , authoritative Mormon discourse has placed less emphasis on the salience of literal lineage and more emphasis on the potentially universal inclusiveness of God 's ancient covenant with Abraham .
As this change of emphasis continues , the logical paradox is on the way to resolution .
After all , if embracing the gospel of Christ is all that really matters for full participation in the Abrahamic covenant , why should one 's genetic lineage be given any salience whatsoever ?
Yet the earlier focus on the importance of literal Israelite has remained influential in the thinking of many Mormons , even into the twenty - first century , seemingly as a residue of the racialist interpretations of history once so common in America as well as in Europe ( All Abraham 's Children , p. 3 ) .
Mauss further commented :
During the life and ministry of Joseph Smith , Mormonism shared several millennial expectations with its Protestant American environment .
These included the gathering of both the Jews and the " lost tribes " of Israel , with a special vanguard role for the tribe of Ephraim in that gathering .
. . .
Like many other Americans , they also identified the American Indians as descendants of the lost tribes .
With the exodus to Utah in the middle of the nineteenth century , Mormon conceptions about lineage evolved into a fuller racialist explanation of history generally and of the Saints ' own destiny in particular .
This racialist framework synthesized three elements : ( 1 ) an emerging and expanded understanding about premortal life ; ( 2 ) British Israelism ; and ( 3 ) Anglo - Saxon triumphalism .
Anglo - Saxon triumphalism and , to a lesser extent , British Israelism had gained widespread popularity among intellectual elites in America , as well as in parts of Europe .
By the early decades of the twentieth century , a racialist historical narrative had developed in which some lineages were favored over others by deity or destiny or both .
The Mormon version of this narrative provided a rank - ordering of lineages that maintained the preeminent position of Mormons as mainly Anglo - Saxon descendants of Ephraim , charged with the responsibility of building and ruling the eventual kingdom of God on earth ( All Abraham 's Children , pp. 35 - 36 ) .
Is the National Organization for Marriage backing away from Miss California Carrie Prejean ?
It ’d be an easy assumption to make , given this statement : “ A number of media sources have described Carrie Prejean as a spokesperson for the National Organization for Marriage .
As we made clear at our press conference yesterday : Carrie appeared with NOM as a private citizen ; she does not work for the National Organization for Marriage .
She is a spokesperson for her own views , as anyone watching her can tell .
We are grateful to Carrie Prejean for her willingness to stand up for marriage .
We would love to work with Carrie in the future if she chooses , and we wish her well in all her future endeavors whatever she chooses .
We ’re proud of her .
Americans are proud of her .
She is a remarkable young woman .
Thank you , Carrie . ”
WATCH : NOM ’s ad starring Prejean
MUSIC NEWS - MILEY CYRUS has announced her autumn tour ; her first without her Disney alter ego Hannah Montana .
The big tour will visit 43 cities accross the USA and will kick off September 14 in Portland , OR , and continue thru early December .
Full itinerary is below .
Family will accompany Cyrus on the tour , as her older brother Trace Cyrus and his band , Metro Station will open all shows .
No word on whether dad will perform !
" Breakout , " Miley Cyrus ' most recent release and her first without the co-billing of Hannah Montana , was released last summer .
For 2009 , the tween superstar hit the big screen in " Hannah Montana : The Movie , " adapted from the Disney teen sitcom of the same name .
And it was announced this week that Disney channel has ordered a fourth season of the TV show , which also stars Cyrus ' real - life father , country singer Billy Ray Cyrus and Mitchel Musso who has released his news record .
Taste of Pyongyang in Phnom Penh
( Photographs by The Tokyo Reporter , July 27 , 2007 )
CAMBODIA ( TR ) –
As far as restaurant themes go , conventional marketing might find Marxism to be an odd genre given the success of such standards as rock n’ roll or 1950s doo - wop .
But make no mistake : Reservations are absolutely necessary at Restaurant Pyongyang in Phnom Penh .
Inside this 25 - table eatery of hermit kingdom blandness , slim and fair - skinned North Korean waitresses sing , dance in teams , and play violin in between serving a mix of Asian fare to customers who are afforded a zoo - like peek inside the illicit dining room of Dear Leader , Kim Jong-il .
“ I enjoy this job so much , ” said one of the attendants , who like her comrades speaks a bit of English and Chinese , about working in Cambodia ’s capital .
The establishment , which opened in 2003 , boasts a primary clientele base composed of Chinese , Koreans ( from both sides of the DMZ ) , and Japanese .
( On a recent Friday night , one gray - bearded customer arrived in an olive - green hat and uniform combo that only was lacking a cigar for taking top prize in any Fidel Castro costume contest . )
As cigarette smoke fills the air above each table , Korean firewater like the grain alcohol Jinro soju and draft Tiger beer are standards for washing down such menu items as beef rib soup ( $ 10 ) , roasted pork ribs ( $ 9 ) , and roasted eel ( $ 15 ) — selections that do not match the mushrooms and grasses of foreign - correspondent lore , and considering a typical monthly wage for a government worker in Phnom Penh might only be $ 50 a month , such prices are quite high .
The stage show , which is the main attraction , starts at 8 p.m .
One waitress , who like her sisters has been trained at an arts college in North Korea , will run through a karaoke number into the reverb - challenged sound system mounted on a small platform pushed into a corner .
A duet , perhaps a slightly hip - shaking version of “ Let it Be , ” might follow .
Customers are then encouraged to take their best shot at any of the thousands of English titles or Communist classics in the library .
Finishing the set is a rather rousing violin and synthesizer piece .
Their uniforms attract many camera lenses .
In Russian red , nurse pink , or powder blue , the one - piece outfits can resemble suits , feature wide collars , or contain flower patterns ( as in the traditional Korean hanbok ) .
One waitress , with her Kim Jong - il button over her left bosom , said , “ We rotate everyday . ”
The dance numbers get the most applause from the customers , who will pack each table on Friday and Saturday nights .
With a backdrop of gold drapes adorned in tassels , the gals line up , spin and flail their arms in near perfect military - like unison to synthesizer accompaniment over a brown tiled floor .
Such uniformity seems to be stressed : shoe heels have been trimmed , giving the appearance of identical height ; narrow mirrors are mounted intermittently between the windows to ensure that hair bows can be slightly adjusted while out on the floor ; and housing on the property of the restaurant ensure that the girls room together .
But lighter moments are possible , such as before the shop ’s 11 a.m. opening , when the ladies can be seen happily folding moist towels and exercising their vocal chords .
By hosting an embassy in Phnom Penh , Cambodia is one of the few countries in the world that diplomatically recognizes North Korea .
The relationship dates back to the first meeting between Kim Jong - il ’s father Kim Il - sung ( Great Leader ) and Cambodia ’s then king , Norodom Sihanouk , in Belgrade in 1961 .
Since then North Korea has supported Sihanouk in times good and bad – from the Cambodian coup in 1970 right on through Sihanouk ’s reinstatement in 1993 – with Sihanouk maintaining a villa inside North Korea .
Along a back wall of the restaurant , photos of the former king , his wife , and the current king , Norodom Sihamoni , are mounted above a rock - walled fountain of orange fish .
Kneeling below the royal court in one shot is the staff of waitresses .
In the northern Cambodian city of Siem Reap , where the majestic temples of the Angkor Wat complex are found , a sister restaurant operates under the same business model .
And like the Phnom Penh outlet , which is slightly smaller and a year older , profits are funneled back to North Korea ’s coffers .
Similar properties have sprouted across Asia , including in China and Thailand .
A fast - food variation exists in Vietnam .
On their way out the door , guests are invited to purchase boxed ginseng tea or dried bear bile , which is said to improve eyesight and enhance the immune system .
Dear Leader must be thinking : Communism has never been so profitable — and palatable .
Note : Restaurant Pyongyang is located at No. 400 Monivong Blvd .
Tel : 012-277-452 .
Advertisements
On the Neal Boortz Show today , host Neal Boortz claimed that anyone who did n’t get their TVs converted to digital , they should n’t be allowed to vote .
He also said that people still living in Katrina trailers should not be allowed to vote .
He also claimed that anyone in Section 8 housing or on welfare should not be allowed to vote .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Boortz , “ Nobody has griped yet about my idea that everybody that did n’t get their TVs converted to digital should have their voter registration cards seized …
Everybody still living in a hotel or trailer after Hurricane Katrina , no votes , ca n’t vote again , ever , ever .
Everybody living in Section 8 housing , should not , nobody living in Section 8 housing should be allowed to vote , and do n’t give me this elderly , if you ’re elderly and living in Section 8 housing , you ’ve done a piss poor job of planning your life , no vote for you . ”
He continued his rant later , “ We have to do something to get the fools and the ignoramuses out of the voting booth in this country .
It is beyond absurd that there are laws that require a local jurisdiction to register somebody to vote when they apply for welfare .
That is so self destructive .
It ought to be the exact opposite way , when you apply for welfare you should give up your voter registration card , not fill out a form . ”
Boortz also claimed that there is no constitutional right to vote in a federal election , so he proposed that the nation create a common sense approach to keep people away from the voting booth on Election Day .
Boortz believes the Fifteen Amendment does not apply , but Section 1 of the Fifteenth Amendment states that , “ The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race , color , or previous condition of servitude . ”
More importantly , the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , and its legislative follow - ups ban the exact type of discrimination that Boortz is talking about .
The reason why Boortz wants ban the poor from voting is because the majority are Democrats .
When he refers to getting the fools out of the voting booth , he really means getting Democrats out of the voting booth .
The fact that he is so willing to throw out the Democratic process puts him in the same league as the regime in Iran .
Women also vote heavily for Democrats .
Does this mean that they too should lose the vote ?
Boortz wants to limit the vote to white male property owners .
He is an extremist , but this is the type of thinking that is being shared on right wing talk radio .
He is saying , damn the Constitution , Republicans want to win , even if we have to take away the right to vote to do so .
On Friday morning , while scouting possible locations for a bike path , London ’s mayor , Boris Johnson , narrowly avoided being killed when a passing truck crashed into a parked car and knocked it across the road he was cycling on , missing him by only a few feet .
As a report in The Wharf , a newspaper that covers the London neighborhood of Canary Wharf where Mr. Johnson and his small pack of cyclists were riding at the time of the accident , noted : “ The entire incident was captured on a private security camera monitoring the Dunbar Wharf development on Narrow Street . ”
Here is the security camera footage , which shows the accident , and Mr. Johnson emerging from behind the truck about 30 seconds later , holding his helmet in one hand as he inspects the damage :
At the time of the accident , Mr. Johnson was riding with a group of cyclists that included his director of transport , Kulveer Ranger , and Britain ’s transport minister , Lord Adonis .
The Guardian ’s Toby Helm reports that they were looking at “ potential sites for new cycle ‘ super highways . ' ”
A cyclist who had tagged along with the group posted photos of the aftermath of the accident on Flickr , where he goes by the name Beatnic , along with this explanation :
It was very odd .
The mayor and an entourage – about 10 cyclists or so – were looking at options for a new cycle route – as a curious fellow cyclist I tagged along as I was on my way in to work in Canary Wharf following the same route .
The back doors of the lorry flew open as it overtook us and the bolt on the right - hand door picked up a parked car through its front windscreen and swung it round at head - height , brushing past a few of the cyclists and then landing it back on all four wheels a little further down the road .
It was very noisy and yes , it did all seem to happen in slow motion .
It ’s a miracle no - one was seriously injured .
In an interview with the Web site BikeRader.com in January , Mr. Johnson explained that London was “ in the process of identifying routes for 12 cycle super highways , which will span across London and greatly increase the infrastructure for cyclists . ”
The House of Commons has been called " the best club in London " , but only by people who are n't members of any others .
For it lacks the key ingredient that makes up a really good club : the blackball .
Absolutely anybody can become a Member of Parliament who has the qualifications of a thrusting temperament , opinionated nature , desire to boss us about , need to show off and , very often , a gnawing inferiority complex and mother fixation .
Who would want to belong to a club full of people like that ?
And that was before we discovered they also had their fingers in the till .
In a special offer , Mitsu New Zealand announced that it will offer a free goat with every Mitsubishi Triton sold before August .
The company says this initiative aims to support the local productivity .
Peter Wilkins , MMNZ general manager , says Mitsubishi Triton cars are like goats ... " hardy , versatile units " ...
Regarding the current flu global problem , Mr. Wilkins assures us there is no such thing as Goat Flu .
We do n't know if Mitsubishi's offer is meant to be funny or not , but the official press release ( available after the jump ) is simply hilarious .
Here 's an idea : they could have named it the Mitsubishi Triton Goat Edition .
Mitsubishi Press Release :
In a drive to help the rural community stave off the recession , Mitsubishi Motors is supporting primary productivity by offering a free goat with every new Triton sold before August .
“ We firmly believe that New Zealand ’s recovery is in the hands of the rural sector and they ’re the people who are buying our utes , ” said MMNZ general manager of sales and marketing
Peter Wilkins .
“ Goats , like our Tritons , are hardy , versatile units , which will integrate directly into existing farm operations ” .
“ Goats improve farm productivity by providing an environmentally friendly defence against noxious weeds and they ’re a lot cheaper than toxic sprays ” .
“ Goats also provide export commodities that can help improve our balance of payments .
They grow a fine micron fleece , much like the renowned Merino , which can be used to produce high - quality garments .
Goat ’s milk provides a nutritious
alternative for the growing number of lactose intolerant people and while goat meat is seldom featured in Western restaurants , developing countries consume vast quantities , ” said Mr Wilkins .
“ And , most importantly , there is no such thing as Goat Flu – so no threat to tourism .
It ’s hard to see a downside , ” he added .
“ At MMNZ , we are aware that three years of drought has severely depleted sheep and beef
populations , so what better time to ‘ float the goat ’ ? ” said Mr Wilkins .
“ We ’ll supply a free goat with every Triton sold before August and do our bit to loosen the grip of the recession ” .
“ On the off chance that the purchaser already has enough goats or feels that goat herding is better left to those in drier climes , we ’ll supply a ‘ no goat package ’ consisting of a five - year / 100,000 km extended warranty , five free WOF inspections , 5,000 km road user charges , five years of roadside assistance and $ 500 of genuine or approved Triton accessories , ” Mr Wilkins said .
At issue is the commentary with which he opens his show , " The One Thing . "
In yesterday 's installment he overtly made the case to his viewers that they should stop paying their taxes .
He prefaced his remarks by referencing his guest from the day before .
Craig T. Nelson ( of Coach fame ) confided to Beck that he is considering not paying his taxes anymore .
Despite the fact that Nelson is just the sort of wealthy Hollywood elitist that Beck loves to dismiss as traitors , Beck was inspired by Nelson 's prospective felonious selfishness and believes that it touched a nerve with his audience .
So Beck commences to reveal his scheme that he says is just " for argument 's sake . "
" I want to be clear on one thing , I am not advocating that people should not pay their income tax .
This is a spooky , spooky area . [...]
But what , if for argument 's sake , a million Americans intentionally did not pay their taxes ? "
Fox News lawyers were probably responsible for the disclaimer with which Beck began this rant .
As you 'll see , the remainder leaves little doubt as to where Beck 's intentions really lie .
Regular viewers already know that he despises the denizens of Washington , whom he regards as irresponsible and corrupt ( at least since the Republicans were voted out ) .
His disciples are keenly aware of his position on deficits and bailouts ( except for those implemented prior to Obama 's election ) .
With that in mind , he starts to lay the groundwork for a criminal conspiracy that he hopes will take the nation by storm .
And first on the agenda is a courageous stand against the Internal Revenue Service :
" Right now the IRS is already able to go through over 150 million tax returns and punish those ( believe you me ) harshly , who fail to pay , you know , their income tax .
They fine them between 20 - 25 percent .
They 'll collect about $ 30 billion in back taxes .
And going forward , the Obama administration is preparing .
They are devoting an additional $ 400 million of your money to get more money from you .
[ Note Beck 's spelling in graphic ] "
Here we see Beck griping that the IRS is engaged in collecting tax revenue from people who failed to pay their taxes .
Presumably he thinks that the IRS should just let them be .
If they do n't want to pay their taxes , so what ?
Leave them alone .
Unless , of course , you are Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , or anyone associated with President Obama .
In which case you 're a sleazeball and the IRS should throw the book at you .
As for Beck 's complaint that the current administration is budgeting $ 400 million to recover $ 30 billion in unpaid tax revenue , I 'm not sure what his problem is with that .
Is he dissatisfied with a 7,500 percent return on investment ?
Not exactly .
The truth is , he is setting up the argument that deliberately withholding tax payment would not present any risk because the government could n't prosecute or punish the offenders if there were enough of them .
Beck literally advises his audience not to worry about the consequences :
" Still , most tax evaders do n't end up in jail . [...]
Let 's just say a million people do n't pay - not because they 're cheap - but because they believe the principles that we were founded on have been violated .
And they think this is wrong and they try to do something that they think is the only thing they can . "
Then Beck tells them to ...
" Put aside the fact America 's federal , state , and local prisons are already overcrowded .
They are packed 36 % beyond their rated capacity .
Overcrowded to the maximum . [...]
All in all , it 's probably not worth the government 's time to toss you in jail . "
There you have it .
Feel free to cease all payments to the government .
Nothing 's going to happen to you if you do it .
Well , at least you wo n't go to jail .
Beck does n't address whether or not you would have to go through the inconvenience of an audit .
He does n't raise the possibility of your home , or other assets , being seized .
It must not have occurred to him that your wages might be garnished .
Even a conviction with a fine and probation , with no jail time , would still leave you with a criminal record .
But never mind any of that .
Beck says that this sort of tax evasion would make you like Gandhi .
Beck even quotes the famous spiritual and political leader who was fighting to secure India 's freedom from the English imperialists .
Gandhi said : " Withholding payment of taxes is one of the quickest methods of overthrowing a government . "
Of course , in our case we are not struggling against a foreign tyrant who is imposing their will on us .
In fact , for better or worse , we voted for the people who drafted our tax laws .
Beck 's battle is more like that of the Fox News Tea Partiers than Gandhi's Swaraj .
But that does n't stop Beck from overtly advocating mass criminality .
Referring to Gandhi's fight for independence , Beck says ...
" And it makes common sense .
Starving them out of trillions of your hard - earned dollars would literally put them out of business .
But do Americans want to do that ?
Do Americans who want to do that have the guts to follow Gandhi 's example , in order to save children , our grandchildren , our great , great , great , great , great - grandchildren from all of this insane debt ? "
It seems that after a challenge like that , Beck 's earlier disclaimer is irrelevant .
He is virtually daring you to walk up the steps of the IRS and announce your defiance of their authority .
Do you have the guts to do it ?
Do you love your great - grandchildren ?
Here 's " The One Thing " ( if I may borrow that from Beck ) : I do n't see Beck doing any of that .
I do n't see him withholding his taxes , or even threatening to do so .
I do n't see him making any sort of sacrifice on behalf of his great - grandchildren .
Gandhi suffered every bit as much as the people he aspired to lead .
The only thing I see Beck doing is giving dangerous advice that will bring great distress to anyone stupid enough to take it ( and we are talking about Glenn Beck viewers here , so ... ) .
Glenn Beck is proving himself to be a supreme coward and a hypocrite .
He wo n't for a minute consider assuming the hardships that he so cavalierly counsels for others .
This is a man who begins every show with the exhortation of a cult leader to " Come on , follow me . "
But he is leading from the rear where it 's safer .
He is happy to let his devotees be slaughtered while he takes the limo back to his security - gated estate .
Then he 'll go on TV the following day and weep for their loss .
He will make martyrs of his legion of tax resisters and profit from their pain .
If you believe this country is great , but people like Beck make a mockery of leadership and integrity , come on , follow me .
