Repeated use of the drug popularly known as " ecstasy " significantly raises the risk of developing sleep apnea in otherwise healthy young adults with no other known risk factors for the sleep disturbance , a new study by Johns Hopkins scientists suggests .
The finding is the latest highlighting the potential dangers of the amphetamine - style chemical , currently used illegally by millions of people in the United States .
The Johns Hopkins scientists note that sleep apnea itself can lead to an assortment of health problems , including a decline in cognitive function , an increased risk of diabetes , and an increased risk of death from heart disease .
" We know that abusing drugs can have numerous harmful effects .
Our findings show yet another reason not to use ecstasy , " according to lead researcher Una D. McCann , M.D .
Users claim the drug enhances intimacy , diminishes anxiety , and facilitates some forms of psychotherapy .
The team led by McCann , professor in the Department of Psychiatry at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine , previously linked ecstasy , or methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA ) , to a variety of neurological problems , including subtle cognitive deficits , impulsive behavior , and altered brain wave patterns during sleep .
These problems are thought to arise from the drug 's targeted toxic effects on neurons that produce the hormone serotonin .
Studies in animals and people have shown that MDMA use shortens the filament - like ends of these nerve cells , preventing them from making normal connections with other neurons .
Because these cells regulate multiple aspects of sleep , McCann 's team recruited 71 sleep study volunteers , all MDMA users , by advertising for " club drug users " in newspapers and fliers .
All had typically used other recreational drugs as well .
They also recruited 62 participants who had similar patterns of illegal drug use but had never taken MDMA .
The MDMA users had taken the drug at least 25 times in the past , a number previously shown to have lasting effects on serotonin neurons .
All of the volunteers were otherwise physically and mentally healthy and had abstained from drug use for at least two weeks prior to the study .
To evaluate the participants ' breathing patterns during sleep , each volunteer spent a few nights at a sleep research center .
From " lights out " at 11:00 p.m. to " lights on " at 7:00 a.m. , study volunteers slept while hooked up to a variety of devices to measure breathing , including airflow monitors at their noses and mouths and bands around their chests and abdomens to measure expansion .
The researchers diagnosed sleep apnea by counting the rate of incidences of shallow or suppressed breathing , with mild apnea requiring five to 14 of these incidences , moderate apnea requiring 15 to 29 , and severe apnea requiring 30 or more .
Results published in the Dec. 2 , 2009 , issue of Neurology , the medical journal of the American Academy of Neurology , showed that rates of mild apnea were similar between the two groups , with 15 MDMA users and 13 other volunteers affected .
However , while 8 MDMA users had the moderate form of apnea and 1 had the severe form , none of the other volunteers had either of these more serious forms .
Results showed that the more participants had used MDMA in the past , the more severe their apnea was likely to be .
Known risk factors for sleep apnea include older age , obesity , and other medical conditions .
However , McCann says , of the 24 ecstasy users who had sleep apnea , 22 were age 31 or younger , and none had any known serious medical problems .
" Our subjects were otherwise healthy young adults , so this is a very surprising finding , " she says .
Though the researchers suspect that the cause for the MDMA users ' sleep apnea centers on affected serotonin neurons , the exact mechanism remains a mystery .
McCann explains that these neurons appear to help sense blood oxygen levels , control airway opening and generate breathing rhythms .
Any of these pathways could be separately influenced by ecstasy use , she says .
The researchers are currently working to tease apart which pathway is at play in MDMA users .
A stripped - down climate deal is likely to bring about dangerous global warming
Update at 10.30 am , 19 December : After a night of wrangling and behind - the - scenes arguments , the United Nations conference agreed to “ take note ” of the Copenhagen accord ( see “ 5.30 am , 19 December ” , below ) , but countries were not forced to endorse it .
With a number of Latin American nations and Sudan hostile to it , the meeting agreed that countries choosing to endorse the US - brokered deal would be listed in the text .
UN sources told New Scientist that this would entitle listed countries to receive funds to cope with the impacts of climate change and reduce their carbon emissions – to the tune of $ 30 billion over the next three years .
By 2020 , rich nations have promised the fund will contain $ 100 billion a year .
5.30 am , 19 December
Western leaders began to leave Copenhagen in the early hours of Saturday morning , claiming to have secured a global agreement to keep global warming below two degrees Celsius .
But the deal provoked immediate anger for failing to include concrete measures to reach that target , and scientists at the talks said it would set the world on a path to 3.5 ºC of warming by 2100 .
Advertisement
The Western leaders responded to the accusations that the text was stripped of any concrete measures by blaming China and other developing nations for the failure of the Copenhagen conference to achieve more .
Separate , US - led talks
The deal came in the form of a brief statement , named the Copenhagen accord , agreed by about 25 heads of state who had been meeting most of the day separately from the main conference .
At 5.30 am local time , amid procedural chaos , the main meeting of the 193 nations attending the summit had yet to decide what to do with the accord .
Meanwhile , a team of climate scientists who have been calculating how the pledges to cut emissions translate into temperature rises over the coming century , and were waiting for the final text to update their models , were left baffled .
The accord fails to commit any countries to new emissions cuts .
An annexe simply lists existing commitments as “ information ” .
“ We have nothing to calculate , ” said Michiel Schaeffer of Climate Analytics .
“ It ’s as though the last two years have not happened . ”
Wide - open loopholes
The accord also fails to offer ways of closing loopholes in existing emissions controls under the Kyoto protocol .
For instance , it does not address rising emissions from aircraft and shipping , which are not covered by the protocol .
Nor does it limit future sales of spare emissions permits held by many eastern European nations – so - called “ hot air ” .
Expectation had been high that both loopholes would be closed by agreements in Copenhagen .
Schaeffer and his colleague Niklas Hoehne of the climate consultancy ECOFYS told New Scientist that the loopholes could allow developed nations to carry on increasing their emissions until 2020 .
The finding is in line with those of a similar study given to New Scientist by WWF earlier this week .
With no new commitments on the table , and loopholes still wide open , Schaeffer and colleagues find that the world is on track to warm by 3.5 ºC by 2100 , and concentrations of carbon dioxide are set to rise to around 700 parts per million – far above the 450 ppm scientists say constitute the limit for keeping global warming below 2 ºC .
‘ Should have done better ’
The text is a significant setback from where talks stood on Friday .
Earlier drafts of the text , circulated during Friday , had stipulated that countries should ensure a 50 per cent cut in global greenhouse gas emissions , with 80 per cent cuts by developed nations .
Scientists have warned cuts on this scale are necessary to meet the aim of curtailing warming below two degrees .
Both targets disappeared in the final version .
Also missing was a promise to review the need for a tougher 1.5 ºC target by 2016 .
Many small island states and African nations that are particularly vulnerable to the effects of climate change such as sea level rise have demanded this target .
“ We should have done better , ” UN climate chief Yvo de Boer told journalists before hurrying away .
A senior European environmentalist , John Lanchbery of Birdlife International , called the accord “ a carefully managed collapse ” .
Two steps backwards
Western leaders suggested the talks had failed to live up to expectations largely because China had refused US demands to include its national emissions targets in the international text .
UK prime minister Gordon Brown said : “ I hope China will come to support a treaty .
They do not support it at the moment . ”
Obama defended his stand against China .
He said that if commitments from developing countries were not legally binding there could be no sanctions for failure .
Without such policing the US has said it will not contribute to the proposed $ 100 billion a year fund to help developing countries cope with climate change .
Before returning to the US , Obama admitted that “ instead of taking one step forward , we may have taken two steps back ” .
But he promised to resume work “ to build trust ” so that countries would in future accept legally binding commitments .
Developing nations that had not taken part in the US - led talks responded to the text with fury , saying 25 - nation accord was an affront to the consensus principle that governs these UN talks .
The head of the Sudanese delegation , Lumumba Di-Aping , said : “ Gross violations have been committed against participation on equal footing and against common sense .
Industrialised nations have decided that damage to developing countries is acceptable . ”
Read more : New Scientist ‘s full coverage of the latest Copenhagen and climate change news
The Thing About Belts
They do n't taste as good as they sound .
Alt - Text : The Thing About Belts
Calgary Herald reporter Michelle Lang , 34 , was killed by an improvised explosive device in Afghanistan Dec. 30 , 2009 , while covering the war for the Canwest News Service .
Four Canadian soldiers also died in the blast .
Photograph by : Chris Bolin , Canwest News Service
KANDAHAR AIRFIELD , Afghanistan — A Canadian journalist and four Canadian soldiers died in Afghanistan on Wednesday in the blast of an improvised explosive device that injured five others .
Canwest News Service reporter Michelle Lang , 34 , was travelling with a provincial reconstruction team four kilometres south of Kandahar City when the attack on their armoured vehicle occurred .
A reporter for the Calgary Herald , she was just two weeks into her first stint in Afghanistan and was the first Canadian journalist to die there since the Canadian military mission began in 2002 .
Lang was an experienced reporter and talented writer who had received a National Newspaper Award last May for her coverage of health care and medicine .
Wednesday was the third worst day for Canadian casualties in Afghanistan , surpassed only by two days in 2007 when six Canadian soldiers died in separate IED attacks .
A Canadian civilian worker was injured in the attack as were four other soldiers .
All of the injured were evacuated to the Role 3 Multi-National Medical Facility at Kandahar Airfield .
They are undergoing medical examination and treatment , said a statement from the Department of National Defence .
Gov. Gen. Michaelle Jean reacted with sadness to the deaths and injuries .
" This new tragedy , like all those before it , is shocking , " she said in a statement early Thursday morning .
" It reminds us of the underhanded , blind , daily violence facing our Canadian soldiers , journalists and humanitarian workers in Afghanistan , who are working alongside the local population already hard hit by decades of terror .
" Our thoughts are with the families , the loved ones and the colleagues of the deceased .
We also wish the injured a prompt recovery . "
The Department of National Defence said late Wednesday the names of the four soldiers killed are being withheld pending notification of next of kin .
Their deaths bring the toll of Canadian soldiers to 138 since the mission there began in 2002 .
" On behalf of all the soldiers , airmen , sailors and special operators of Joint Task Force Afghanistan , I offer our sincere condolences to the families and friends of our fallen , " said Brigadier - General Daniel Menard , Commander of Task Force Kandahar .
Lang arrived in the country on Dec. 11 and was due to return to Calgary on Jan. 22 .
Friends and co-workers say she was itching to get outside Kandahar and report on the war .
" I 'm travelling to the provincial reconstruction team for about one week , " Lang wrote in an e-mail this week to an editor .
" Hopefully this will produce some interesting stories on the civilian / reconstruction side , as well as some military ones . "
News of her death left a pall of shock and grief over the Herald newsroom .
" Michelle was an incredible person , and outstanding journalist , " said Lorne Motley , Herald editor in chief .
" She was kind - hearted , warm and always willing to give her all .
" When it came to journalism , Michelle was at the top of her craft . . .
Her loss leaves a great hole in our family of journalists , whether they work at the Herald , Canwest or elsewhere .
" This is a devastating day , and our thoughts are with her family , her fiance and friends .
We all knew , and loved , her . "
Lang was recently engaged to Calgarian Michael Louie and was to be wed this summer .
Friend and Herald colleague Gwendolyn Richards said work was important to Lang , but nothing meant more to her than family and friends .
" I am sure you could count on two hands the number of times she left work on time , " said Richards , noting the long hours Lang poured into her work .
" But I would argue that she approached everything with the same fervour . "
Richards recalled how , in the days before leaving for Afghanistan and busy planning for the trip , Lang threw together an impromptu birthday dinner for Richards to mark the day .
" She was very sweet and thoughtful , " she said .
" She made sloppy joes . . . and she felt bad that they were n't better .
She wanted it to be a great birthday . "
On Wednesday , former chief of defence staff Gen. Rick Hillier hailed Lang 's bravery as " golden and rare " for the ultimate sacrifice to tell the story of Canada 's deadliest conflict in more than 40 years .
" The sometimes ' normal mistrust ' between soldiers and reporters was usually quickly overcome when soldiers saw that accompanying reporters were taking the same risks as themselves to do their job , " Hillier said .
" Those who reported on war and did it from the frontlines , without which they could not get the story right , deserve a special place in our history . "
" I 've seen a lot of reporters come here who seem like action junkies or kind of ' Hey , look at me , I 'm in Afghanistan ' , " James Murray , a CBC reporter who has been here on assignment in Afghanistan for the past six months , told the Canadian Press .
" She was the kind of journalist you would want to have here .
She was kind and decent , and curious . "
Only a handful of Canadian journalists cover the Canadian military mission in Afghanistan at any one time .
As embedded journalists they live , eat and work on the base with soldiers of many nations , and are compelled to follow military rules on what can and can't be reported .
They have the option of staying on base or travelling out on patrol with Canadian troops — an assignment which offers reporters their only real glimpse of how ordinary Afghan civilians cope with war .
It 's also risky .
Taliban tactics rely heavily on bombs buried on roads and travelling can be the most dangerous thing you can do in Afghanistan .
Last week , Lang travelled with Chief of Defence Staff Gen .
Walter Natynczyk when he visited some of the Canadian bases outside the airfield ; Wednesday was the first time she had joined soldiers on a regular patrol .
She showed little anxiety as she ate lunch before boarding a chopper that would connect her with her patrol , Colin Perkel reported for the Canadian Press .
Hours later , she was riding in the back of an armoured military vehicle in Kandahar City as it struck an IED , killing her and four soldiers .
Reporters who travel outside the wire frequently find themselves earning the respect of their military protectors .
A major speaking recently about the Canadian mission in Afghanistan spoke of his admiration for the journalists willing to take the risk to inform a war - weary public of their work .
" We soldiers are the most important , " Maj. Andrew Vivian told the Canadian Press .
" You , the media , are the second most important .
Because , without you , no one would know what we 're doing . "
Between assignments , Lang would wander the base , talking to soldiers and civilians and drinking in the intense atmosphere of a combat facility at work .
In the evenings she 'd sometimes call her parents or her boyfriend back home .
To the journalists she met in Kandahar , she expressed her pride in her work .
Real reporting , she would say , is what she wanted to do .
She died doing it , Perkel reported .
Friends recall she felt there were important stories to be told in Afghanistan .
" She always felt that it was really important for journalists to tell this story .
It was something she wanted to do , " said friend Colette Derworiz , a reporter at the Herald .
" She just did n't want to sit in the base either .
She wanted to go out and tell the real stories on what was going on in Afghanistan . "
Lang worried about the dangers of the assignment before she left , Derworiz recalled , but did n't want those concerns to impede her from doing her job .
Originally from Vancouver , Lang had worked at the Herald since 2002 , following previous reporting jobs in Regina , Moose Jaw and Prince George .
Lang was recently engaged and had planned to marry this summer .
Provincial reconstruction teams — or PRTs — are groups of civilians , government specialists and others who venture into the countryside with military escorts as they attempt to rebuild roads , dams , schools , hospitals and other elements of Afghanistan 's battered physical , social , medical and political infrastructure .
" We are all devastated by the loss of Michelle and our thoughts right now are with her family and her fiance , " said Scott Anderson , editor - in - chief of Canwest News Service .
" Journalists need to — and do — put themselves at risk every day to report first - hand on important stories like Afghanistan .
But that does n't make this any easier . "
Wednesday was an especially bloody day in Afghanistan .
In addition to the attack on the Canadians , eight American civilian workers died in a suicide bomb attack on a U.S. military base close to the border with Pakistan , officials said .
Pentagon spokeswoman Lt.- Col .
Almarah Belk said Wednesday that the eight Americans died Wednesday when an attacker detonated a vest packed with explosives on Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost province — a key Taliban stronghold .
Suicide attacks are a hallmark of the Taliban , who are waging a major insurgency to topple the government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai and regain control of the central Asian state .
" Four brave soldiers paid the ultimate price while courageously serving their country in Kandahar .
They perished seeking to help the Afghans build a better future for themselves while working tirelessly to advance Canadian values .
Their sacrifice will not be forgotten , " said a statement Wednesday night from Dimitri Soudas , a spokesman for Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
" Also fallen is a brave reporter , Michelle Lang , who lost her life reporting on the invaluable work being done by Canadian soldiers , aid workers and diplomats in Afghanistan .
Her unforeseen and tragic death will be felt in Calgary and in communities across Canada .
" While not regularly the subject of news , those journalists who risk their lives reporting alongside the men and women of the Canadian Forces in one of the most dangerous regions in the world should not be forgotten . "
Canwest columnist Don Martin , who has also reported from Afghanistan , said news of her death hit hard .
" Because I knew Michelle reasonably well , there 's obviously the reaction as a journalist , but also as a friend — it 's like you get that sucker punch to your gut , " he said .
" When you get on the plane to get over there on the plane , you go , uh - oh , what am I going into . . .
You always say to reporters 'be safe and keep your head up , because you are heading into a war zone . '
" I thought we were kind of past that because so many journalists have gone through the embed program already .
We 've had some close calls , but you almost do n't expect anyone to pay that ultimate price anymore .
" You never thought this day would come . "
Shortly before Christmas , Lang blogged about the atmosphere at the base .
" I am currently at Kandahar Airfield , the sprawling military base near Kandahar City perhaps best known for its dusty conditions and a very busy Tim Hortons .
At the moment , Afghanistan 's winter rains have turned that famous dust into a giant mud pit , " she wrote .
" Life here , though , has been made considerably brighter by Christmas decorations .
Many soldiers have decorated their sleep tents with Christmas lights .
One bike near the media work tent has a wreath attached to its handlebars . "
At least 17 journalists from around the world have been killed in Afghanistan since the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , according to statistics maintained by the Committee to Protect Journalists , an independent , non-profit organization .
Canadian journalists have had close calls in Afghanistan , but until Wednesday none had died .
In August 2007 , Radio Canada reporters Patrice Roy and Charles Dubois were injured when the LAV III armoured vehicle they were in hit an IED during an operation against insurgents west of Kandahar City .
Two soldiers and an interpreter were killed .
Dubois lost one leg below the knee .
On March 4 , 2002 , Toronto Star journalist Kathleen Kenna was in rural Afghanistan with her husband , Hadi Dadashian , and photographer Bernard Weil , when someone threw a hand grenade into their vehicle .
Kenna was badly injured but survived .
In 2001 , Montreal Gazette reporter Levon Sevunts was inside an armoured vehicle that came under attack by insurgents armed with rocket - propelled grenades and machine - guns .
Three European journalists riding on top of the vehicle were killed .
In August 2008 , National Post reporter Scott Deveau , who was covering the Afghanistan mission for Canwest News Service , was sitting in the back of an armoured vehicle with a Canadian Press reporter and a group of soldiers when their vehicle struck an IED .
One of the two soldiers in the front of the armoured personnel vehicle , usually used to transport troops , was seriously injured during the blast .
Deveau had trained for the Afghanistan reporting stint with Lang .
" She was fantastic , she was a great girl .
I did my training with her for Afghanistan , right .
She was in that group .
She was just a great girl , full of life , vibrant , energetic , enthusiastic .
Everything .
It 's just . . . devastating .
" I was supposed to go at Christmas time and I switched myself because I did n't want to do it at Christmas and she took it , " he added .
" It 's a tough detail .
There are people who are going to sit on the base the whole time that they are there and there 's going to be people who go out and do things .
Michelle was obviously going to do things because she 's a good reporter , and unfortunately this happened . "
Other correspondents with Canwest or its predecessor , Southam News , have died on overseas assignment .
On April 14 , 1987 , Christoph Halens was found dead outside a hotel in Tripoli , Libya .
Author Warren Kinsella , who probed the death in his book Unholy Alliances , believes Halens was pushed from the roof because he was getting too close to a story the Libyans did n't want written .
Halens was in North Africa to cover a Libya - funded peace conference which was attended by about 100 Canadians .
The Libyans have long insisted Halens ' death was suicide .
The number of foreign civilians under government contracts in Afghanistan is increasing , with the strategy to defeat the Taliban placing more emphasis on development and aid .
The U.S. said last month it had doubled the number of civilian experts working in Afghanistan and was " on track " to meet its goal of nearly 1,000 by the new year .
Many are to work in provincial military bases alongside military reconstruction teams .
On Monday , a repatriation ceremony was held in CFB Trenton for the body of Lieutenant Andrew R. Nuttall of 1st Battalion , Princess Patricia 's Canadian Light Infantry , based in Edmonton .
He was on foot patrol and was killed by an IED near the village of Nakhonay in Panjwaii District , about 25 kilometres southwest of Kandahar City .
The blast also killed a member of the Afghan National Army and injured an Afghan interpreter .
Other Canadians who have been killed in Afghanistan include government diplomat Glyn Berry and aide workers Jacqueline Kirk and Shirley Case , who were in Afghanistan with the International Rescue Committee .
Berry was killed in a suicide attack as he and a group of soldiers drove in Kandahar .
Kirk , 40 , was a dual British - Canadian citizen from Outremont , Que. Case , 30 , was from Williams Lake , B.C.
They were in a car in Logar province when it was ambushed by small - arms fire .
© Copyright ( c ) Postmedia Network Inc .
Hear me out here and tell me whether this is true because I find this statement outrageously unbelievable .
My mom made me chicken taquitos to take to work and I could n't eat them the most Mexican way possible , with lettuce , sour cream , cheese , and salsa .
Well , I packed all the lettuce my mom had , which was a lot and she said " Do n't take too much because lettuce makes you sleepy "
I find this , hard to believe but she said that in her hometown they use lettuce baths to put babies to sleep .
To me , this sounds crazy .
I mean , I understand that our ancestors had some pretty good ideas of the usage of herbs and plants for medicinal and well - being purposes , I myself believe in some outrageous ones but lettuce baths and iceberg lettuce making you sleepy .
Can someone tell me if this is at least PLAUSIBLE ?
With the Chinese announcing a projected 10 - fold increase in their country ’s uranium demand by 2030 , some observers are worrying that we face a uranium supply crisis .
In the short term , there may indeed be bottlenecks , if mining expansion fails to keep pace with escalating demand .
( Frankly , I find this unlikely — price will dictate resource investment decisions over this 20 year time frame . )
But what about the broader , long - term question that arises from this supply problem ?
How much uranium is out there , and accessible , and if the world was run entirely on IFRs ( or thorium - based LFTRs ) , how long would we be able to do this before the ‘ energy metal ’ fuel supply ran out ?
This is an interesting and important issue , but it ’s also a little complex .
So I ’m going to need to devote a couple of posts to answer it properly .
( Keeping in mind that I want each IFR FaD post to be concise and have a single main message ) .
In this post , I consider how much fuel an IFR would use .
Coal , natural gas and oil , which are the feedstock used to run fossil - fuel - powered thermal generators , embody a convenient and concentrated store of ancient sunlight .
But as was discovered in the 1940s , we can also unleash the vast energy contained within the atom .
Indeed , splitting ( ‘ fissioning ’ ) the nucleus of a heavy atom like uranium , releases over a million times more energy than chemically adding oxygen atoms to carbon ( which is what combustion really does ) .
So , compared to fossil fuels , all forms of nuclear power are incredibly efficient in terms of power density .
It takes 160 — 220 tonnes of natural uranium to fuel a modern 1 gigawatt ( GW ) nuclear power plant for an entire year ( the total energy produced is called a gigawatt year , or GWyr ) .
One GWe of power ( recall that the ‘ e ’ stands for electrical power rather than ‘ t ’ for thermal power , or heat ) is a huge amount .
It ’s enough to run 65 million desk lamps ( assuming they used 15 W compact fluorescent globes ) , or more practically , to satisfy today ’s electricity demand of a typical Australian or US city of about half a million people .
For comparison , to deliver a GWyr of energy using a coal - fired power station , about 3 — 7 million tonnes of coal must be burned ( the amount can vary depending on the grade of coal ) .
Most of the nuclear power stations in use today are called ‘ thermal reactors ’ , or ‘ light water reactors ’ ( LWR ) .
They use ordinary ( ‘ light ’ ) water as a coolant , which takes heat away from the reactor core .
The water also acts as a ‘ moderator ’ , slowing down subatomic particles , called neutrons , which shoot out of the atom ’s nucleus when a chain reaction is underway .
These neutrons are responsible for causing unstable , heavy atomic nuclei to split apart and release energy .
Other reactor designs use heavy water ( enriched in ‘ heavy hydrogen ’ : deuterium ) or graphite ( a form of carbon found in pencils ) to moderate the neutrons , but the effect is similar .
These nuclear power plants need , as fuel , a form ( isotope ) of uranium that has 143 neutrons in its nucleus , called 235 - U ( or ‘ uranium 235 ’ ) .
This is also called ‘ fissile ’ uranium because it will readily split apart ( or ‘ fission ’ — the term was borrowed from cellular mitosis ) when it absorbs a neutron .
Yet natural uranium contains only ~ 0.7 % 235 - U ; almost all of the other > 99 % is composed of an isotope that has 3 additional neutrons , called 238 - U ( or ‘ uranium 238 ’ ) .
This much more abundant isotope is called ‘ fertile ’ uranium .
As a result , today ’s LWRs are able to extract less than 1 % of the atomic energy content of uranium .
The rest is discarded , either as used fuel ( ‘ nuclear waste ’ ) or as ‘ depleted uranium ’ .
The latter , composed mostly of 238 - U , is the tails left over after the fuel has been ‘ enriched ’ to raise the concentration of 235 - U to 3 – 5 % .
The end product of enrichment is ~ 27 tonnes of uranium which is suitable to be fabricated into fuel rods , and 130 — 200 tonnes of depleted uranium , which is not currently used in the nuclear fuel cycle .
Compare this to the IFR — a ‘ fast spectrum reactor ’ .
These reactors are able to not only fission 235 - U like LWRs , but also readily ‘ breed ’ other fissionable isotopes ( like 239 - Pu , an isotope of plutonium ) from fertile 238 - U ( or 232 - Th for LFTRs ) .
This is due to their fast neutrons and greater neutron production at high energies ( more on this in later IFR FaD posts ) .
With repeated recycling ( more on this later , too ) , this allows them to unlock virtually all of the energy in nuclear fuel .
The amazing upshot is that instead of using ~ 180 tonnes of natural uranium to produce a GWyr of electricity , IFRs ( and LFTRs ) require only 1 tonne* of fertile energy metals .
( Hang on , if it ’s so much more efficient , why are n’t we doing this right now ?
Long question , answer will come , you guessed it , in future IFR FaD posts ) .
Okay , so this is a nice , simple ‘ rule of thumb ’ to remember .
A 1 GWe ( 1000 megawatt ) IFR must be supplied with ~ 1 tonne of natural or depleted uranium per year ( it does n’t matter which ) .
It is roughly 150 to 200 times more efficient with its fuel use than current thermal reactors .
For perspective , to supply all of Australia ’s current baseload electricity demand ( ~30 GWe ) with IFRs , we would need to supply them with 30 tonnes of uranium a year ( 1 tonne of uranium would fit in about two milk crates ) .
In 2008 , our mines produced 8,430 tonnes .
If we instead used lignite coal ( which we mostly do ) , we ’d need to mine ~ 150 million tonnes of coal .
This would fit into about 5,000 huge coal container ships .
Spot the difference in energy density ?
The above fuel figures apply to IFRs that are up and running .
But what do you need to get them started ?
The short answer is ‘ lots of fissile material ’ ( uranium 235 , plutonium , or other transuranics ) — which is a limitation .
The long answer will be given in a future IFR FaD post — after I ’ve taken a couple more posts to properly deal with the long - term uranium supply question with IFRs .
* see first comment , below
LAHORE : Holding former President General Pervez Musharraf responsible for former prime minister Benazir Bhutto's assassination , Pakistan 's high commissioner to Britain Wajid Shamsul Hassan has said that Tehreek - e - Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) chief Baitullah Mehsud could not have proceeded with his plans of assassinating Bhutto without Musharraf 's nod .
A private television channel reported Hassan , as saying that if Benazir would have been alive , trouble for Musharraf would have doubled .
" Had Benazir been alive , Musharraf would have been facing legal action for murdering former Balochistan governor Nawab Akbar Bugti , and removing the chief justice of Pakistan , " The Daily Times quoted Hassan , as saying .
Hassan said Musharraf had offered a much ' bigger ' amnesty under the National Reconciliation Ordinance to the Pakistan Muslim League - Nawaz ( PML - N ) chief Nawaz Sharif , which allowed him to leave the country easily following the military coup in 1998 .
People across Pakistan paid tributes to slain former premier Benazir Bhutto and offered special prayers on the second anniversary of her assassination even as her close aides called on the government to identify and bring her killers to justice .
The Pakistan People 's Party organised special meetings and prayers in cities and towns all over the country , including Bhutto 's ancestral town of Naudero in Sindh province , to commemorate her death anniversary .
Bhutto's widower President Asif Ali Zardari travelled to Naudero to participate in meetings there .
Federer ( left ) , Djokovic and Nadal ( right ) put their rivalry aside to help Haiti
Roger Federer was delighted after a series of exhibition games ahead of the Australian Open raised funds for the victims of the Haiti earthquake .
The world number one was joined by Rafael Nadal and Serena Williams on Sunday at a packed Rod Laver Arena .
" I was following it on TV and saw the devastation and I thought we should do something , " the Swiss star said .
" It was a lot of fun .
It 's a great thing and I 'm happy the players were also in such good spirits . "
Haiti was devastated by Tuesday 's earthquake , measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale , and the Red Cross has estimated the death toll at between 45,000 and 50,000 , with millions more injured , orphaned or made homeless .
National Football League , Major League Baseball and the National Basketball Association in the United States also pledged sums of money .
Greg McLaughlin , president of the Tiger Woods Foundation , said the foundation staff were evaluating " the most appropriate role " to help the Haitian people .
606 : DEBATE
It 's good to see players in our sport reacting in such a laudable way
duggietoo Just 24 hours before the start of the first major tournament of the season , many of the world 's top tennis players sacrificed last - minute training to help provide some funds for the victims of the tragedy .
Spectators were charged A$ 10 ( £ 5.60 ) to see a number of doubles matches , which also included Belgium 's US Open champion Kim Clijsters , Australian Lleyton Hewitt , American Andy Roddick and world number three Novak Djokovic .
More than A$ 200,000 ( £ 114,000 ) was raised in the event called ' Hit for Haiti ' .
With players wearing microphones , Federer , who lost to Spain 's world number two Nadal in last year 's Australian Open final , teamed up with reigning Australian Open champion Serena Williams , along with Hewitt and Samantha Stosur .
" It was a fun afternoon for all of us .
But most important is that we can help Haiti , " Federer told the showpiece centre court crowd .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Moonen 124 Northlander has been described as : “ The best of its size ” .
Originally , this luxury yacht was intended to be a one hundred and twenty foot water vessel .
The design company working on the yacht was the Moonen and Rene Van Der Velden Yacht Design company .
The client that was having the yacht designed managed to lead the hull from an already amazing 120 feet to an absolutely amazing 124 feet .
As a result , many alterations were made to the vessel to turn it into what it is today .
There are many different water vessels contained within the series known as the “ Moonen Displacement ” .
The 72 foot “ Lady Jalinka ” , as well as the vessels that are 84 feet , 96 feet , and 97 feet in length .
In a recent press release , the Moonen 124 has been identified as the “ Queen of the Fleet ” .
This amazing motor yacht is considered to be the largest water craft constructed by Moonen .
It does not matter whether the yacht will be used as a private cruising yacht or as a commercial charter , it is appropriate for either or even both !
One of the most distinctive features of the Moonen 124 Northlander are the beautifully designed decks – four in all !
The decks are constructed in such a way that an exquisitely designed spiral staircase will lead guests from one level to another .
On the main deck , you will find a master suite towards the front of the boat .
On the deck just below where this is located , you will discover two cabins with double beds and two staterooms with twin beds .
There are also quarters for the crew that operates and maintains the luxury yacht while it is traveling .
On the sun deck area of the Moonen 124 Northlander , you will discover an extremely large Jacuzzi as well as a fully loaded wet bar that provides plenty of storage space for a wide assortment of beverages and spirits .
In case of emergencies that may occur on the yacht , there is a built in boat that is in place for the purpose and intent of rescue .
There is also a specially designed room that allows the engineer onboard to control the functionality of the luxury yacht while it is in operation .
The luxury yacht has a top speed of right at 14.5 knots .
There are two engines on the yacht that run from as low as 1430 to as much as 1845 when it comes to RPMs .
You will discover in the bridge area that there are a number of clearly visible , technologically advanced screens that display a wide array of information to the navigator of the vessel .
The internal design of the yacht is brightly colored and displays wooden decks and large windows that assist in delivering ample lighting to the interior area of the magnificent yacht .
Many distinct features in design and equipment make the Moonen 124 Northlander one of the most popular yachts to set sail in the yachting industry today .
Back that with technological innovation and you have a wonderful mega yacht that is designed for class , quality , and functionality .
* * *
Related links :
Moonen Shipyards
Foto : moonen.com
Over a month ago I updated one of my posts from 2008 on price bubbles .
It 's been so popular , that a further revision seems warranted ... so here they are .
While the US housing and gold bubbles have gotten the bulk of media attention , here are over 100 asset and debt bubbles from the Decade of Speculation or today 's Bubble Economy .
It challenges the long held assumption by mainstream economists that you can't have a back to back financial calamity .
A financial crisis has to be punctuated by growth and recovery .
Maybe not this time .
Walter Derzko
ISBN13 : 978-0-470-73761-3
ISBN10 : 0-470-73761-1
Can you think of any other asset or debt bubbles that I 've missed ?
email me & I 'll add them to the list
Walter Derzko
ISBN13 : 978-0-470-73761-3
ISBN10 : 0-470-73761-1
hey i use to watch youranimations back in 2004 - 2008 maybe , decided to come and relook at all your old and new work .
I like how this story is true and comes from close to your heart , i think its incredibly cool how we all get to share a memory of a real human being who lived like us .
not everyone gets a chance to be immortalized on newgrounds .
I am not sure how the community works these days , but i see you as one of the greatest animators on newgrounds .
by Helen Leggatt
When Pingdom broke down the data to find the gender split between social networking and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook , Reddit and Digg , they found that the vast majority of sites ( 16 out of 19 ) had more female users than male .
Similar conclusions have been reached in the past by RapLeaf ( '08 ) and FutureWorks ' Brian Solis ( '09 ) .
The most female - dominated site was found to be Bebo ( 66 % ) but Classmates , MySpace , Xanga and Ning were all composed of over 60 % female users .
Men dominated social news sites such as Slashdot ( 82 % male ) , Reddit and Digg .
Interestingly , many commenters on Pingdom 's blog entry regarding this study queried whether scammers and spambots were responsible for elevating the number of females on some social sites .
Fake female personas are often used by fraudsters as they have a greater chance of being friended .
At the end of the day , whether women or men are more dominant on this site or that , the key players are the influencers .
These are the people that marketers need to identify , and they come in all shapes , sizes and genders .
Tags : demographic , female , gender , male , social marketing , social media
Chances are you 've never heard of Infinitec , a small startup looking to make big waves out of Dubai , but multimedia junkies will probably want to keep a close eye on 'em for the next little while .
The outfit dropped by today at CES to give us a sneak peek at its forthcoming Infinite USB memory device ( IUM ) .
In short , this device contains a small computer and 802.11n
WiFi module within , and it's designed to create point - to - point contact between networked media ( or a networked PC with media onboard ) and pretty much anything else .
You insert the device into a host PC , pair it up once and create a maximum size ( 1GB for cheap - o players that can't support larger flash drives , 1TB + for sharing your entire NAS -- for instance ) , and then connect it to whatever you wish in order to give said device access to those files that you just selected .
Basically , it tricks the recipient into thinking a flash drive has been inserted , when in reality it 's just giving that device wireless access to media stored elsewhere .
The device serves a few purposes : you can use it to give all sorts of files to other machines in your home , or you could plug it into your HDTV or Blu-ray deck in order to stream PC - bound content right to your den .
The goal here was to make other devices assume that this was just one giant flash drive , with gigabytes upon gigabytes of media right on the drive .
So far as the receiving PC or set - top box knows , the IUM is just a stock flash drive with a capacity of your choosing .
Just drop files over like you would from a standard USB key , and it shoots across the network to its final destination .
Currently , it 's not suggested that you use this to send files over the internet -- the lag in tunneling just makes for a poor user experience .
The demo we witnessed ( watching a Simpsons episode that was hosted on a nearby netbook ) was remarkably smooth , with the user being able to skip ahead by minutes at a time with no visible lag .
There 's even the hope that the internals could one day be integrated into laptops in order to remove the need for an external dongle , but for now , you can expect a summertime release in the US and a sub -$ 150 price tag .
So , you fixing to get your stream on , or what ?
Previous attempts to get leaders to do a TV debate have failed The UK looks set to have its first ever televised prime ministerial debates after a deal was struck between the big three parties and broadcasters .
Labour 's Gordon Brown , Conservative leader David Cameron and Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg have agreed to go head - to - head in a series of three debates .
The first will be on ITV , the second on Sky and the third on the BBC .
There will also be separate debates involving the main parties in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland .
Earlier the SNP and Plaid Cymru said they should be allowed to take part in the main debates .
Live presidential debates in the US and other countries have provided many of the key moments of election campaigns and are seen as having raised voters ' interest .
Themed
But in the UK , despite many calls for such debates to be held , there has never been agreement reached between leaders and with broadcasters .
These debates will be an opportunity to start re-engaging people with politics
Nick Clegg
Nick Robinson : Political X Factor
Will you watch leaders ' debate ?
The programmes will be broadcast in peak time during the General Election campaign and will be between 85 and 90 minutes long in front of a selected audience .
ITV's Alastair Stewart will host the first , Sky's Adam Boulton the second and the BBC's David Dimbleby will host the third debate .
The format will be the same for each , although about half of each debate will be themed .
There will be separate debates held in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland among all the main parties , which will be broadcast on BBC Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland and across the UK on the BBC News Channel .
And following the prime ministerial debates , all political parties which have significant levels of support at a national level will be offered opportunities across BBC output to respond to the issues raised in the debate .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown told the Daily Mirror : " I relish the opportunity provided by these debates to discuss the big choices the country faces .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Choices like whether we lock in the recovery or whether we choke it off ; whether we protect the NHS , schools and police or whether we put them at risk to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy few . "
Speaking at a public meeting , Conservative leader David Cameron said : " I have always believed in live television debates .
" I think they can help enliven our democracy , I think they will help answer people 's questions , I think they will crystallise the debate about the change this country needs . "
' Vigorous debate ' Liberal Democrat leader Mr Clegg said he was " delighted " .
" After a terrible year for politicians because of the expenses scandals , these debates will be an opportunity to start re-engaging people with politics ...
I hope an open , honest and vigorous debate will encourage more people to have their say at the ballot box . "
The election is widely expected to be held on Thursday 6 May although there has been speculation that it could be called for 25 March instead .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Ric Bailey , the BBC 's chief adviser on politics , said a lot of work had been done to get agreement and there was still some way to go on the detail .
He added : " I think it is quite significant in the sense that it 's never happened before and all three of the biggest parties in the UK have agreed to do it . "
Discussions will resume in the new year to finalise detailed arrangements for the debates .
Opposition leaders regularly call for TV debates in the run-up to general elections but while they are commonplace in the US , they have not been held in Britain .
Tony Blair refused to take part in one when he was prime minister and Mr Brown has previously argued that the situation is different in the US , where presidents are directly elected .
' Completely undemocratic '
British prime ministers have argued that they are questioned regularly , at prime minister 's questions and in statements to the Commons .
Critics also say such debates overly personalise a UK election campaign , where people vote for a local MP rather than directly for a leader .
There have also been questions about whether the debates should be a head - to - head between the leaders of the two largest parties or whether the Lib Dem leader should also be included .
Earlier , before the announcement was made that debates would be made available to other parties , the SNP and Plaid Cymru said they should be allowed to take part in the main debates .
Scottish National Party leader Alex Salmond said he would be seeking " guarantees of inclusion from the broadcasters , given their inescapable duty to ensure fairness and impartiality in election - related coverage in Scotland .
" It is entirely unacceptable to Scotland as well as to the SNP for the broadcasters to exclude the party that forms the government of Scotland - and indeed is now leading in Westminster election polls , " he said .
And Plaid Cymru's Westminster leader Elfyn Llwyd said it was " completely undemocratic " as it would give the main parties an unfair advantage .
He said he would complain to the Electoral Commission .
" Both Plaid Cymru and the SNP are in government in the respective devolved administrations and it is an insult that such important political voices are to be left out of such a historic event , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Until the mid-1990s , the term " nanotechnology " referred to the goal of creating vast arrays of nanoscale assemblers to fabricate useful human - scale products from scratch in an entirely automated process and with atomic precision .
Since then , the word has come to mean anything from stain - resistant pants to branches of conventional chemistry — generally anything involving nanoscale objects .
But the dream of a new Industrial Revolution based on nanoscale manufacturing has not died , as demonstrated most vividly by the work of NYU professor of chemistry Dr. Nadrian Seeman .
In a 2009 article in Nature Nanotechnology , Dr. Seeman shared the results of experiments performed by his lab , along with collaborators at Nanjing University in China , in which scientists built a two - armed nanorobotic device with the ability to place specific atoms and molecules where scientists want them .
The device was approximately 150 x 50 x 8 nanometers in size — over a million could fit in a single red blood cell .
Using robust error - correction mechanisms , the device can place DNA molecules with 100 % accuracy .
Earlier trials had yielded only 60 - 80 % accuracy .
The nanorobotic arm is built out of DNA origami : large strands of DNA gently encouraged to fold in precise ways by interaction with a few hundred short DNA strands .
The products , around 100 nanometers in diameter , are eight times larger and three times more complex than what could be built with a simple crystalline DNA array , vastly expanding the space of possible structures .
Other nanoscale structures or machines built by Dr. Seeman and his collaborators including a nanoscale walking biped , truncated DNA octahedrons , and sequence - dependent molecular switch arrays .
Dr. Seeman has exploited structural features of DNA thought to be used in genetic recombination to operate his nanoscale devices , tapping into the very processes underlying all life .
The advances in DNA nanotechnology keep coming , and many observers are wondering if this will be the path that leads us to the next Industrial Revolution .
Only time — and many more experiments — will tell .
After the CIA - led fiasco at the Bay of Pigs in April 1961 , President John Kennedy was quoted as saying he wanted to " splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter it into the winds . "
I can understand his anger , but a thousand is probably too many .
Better is a Solomon solution ; divide the CIA in two .
That way we can throw out the bath water and keep the baby .
Covert action and analysis do not belong together in the same agency – never have , never will .
That these two very different tasks were thrown together is an accident of history , one that it is high time to acknowledge and fix .
The effects of this structural fault became clear to President Harry Truman as he watched the agency at work in its first decade and a half .
He was aghast .
Like oil on water , covert action fouls the wellspring of objective analysis – the main task for which Truman and the Congress established the CIA in 1947 .
The operational tail started wagging the substantive tail almost right away .
It has done so ever since – with very unfortunate consequences .
An accident of history ?
How so ?
Covert action practitioners , many of whom showed great courage and imagination in the European and Far Eastern theaters of World War II , arrived home wondering whether there was still a call for their expertise .
With the Soviet Union taking over large chunks of Europe and the KGB plying its covert-action wares worldwide , the question answered itself ; a counter capability was needed .
The big mistake was shoehorning it into an agency being created to fulfill an entirely different mission .
As former CIA senior analyst Mel Goodman points out in his most recent book , Failure of Intelligence , there was uncertainty and confusion over where to place responsibility for this capability .
The term " covert action " is a euphemism covering the broad genus of dirty tricks , from overthrowing governments ( we now blithely call that particular species " regime change " ) to open but nonattributable broadcasting into denied areas .
Secretary of Defense James Forrestal did n’t want the Pentagon to be responsible for covert action in peacetime .
And , to their credit , neither did senior leaders of the fledgling CIA .
They were no neophytes , and they could see that covert operations might easily end up tainting the intelligence product if one director were responsible for the two incompatible activities .
The experience of the past 62 years has shown , time and time again , that their concern was well founded , as the covert action side has not only polluted substantive analysis but also expanded into high - tech warfare .
Predators
Trying to overthrow governments via covert action is one thing .
Flying Predator drones with Hellfire missiles is quite another .
There would be real hellfire on that from Harry Truman , were he still with us .
Even former CIA director George Tenet of flexible conscience had second thoughts about the CIA assuming responsibility for flying the Predator and firing Hellfires .
In his memoir , At the Center of the Storm , he writes that there was a " legitimate question about whether aircraft firing missiles … should be the function of the military or CIA . "
Resorting to the all - purpose catchall ( and excuse - all ) , Tenet adds , " But that was before 9/11 . "
Of equal importance is the kind of question to which Tenet normally paid little heed ; namely , what would flying Predators do to CIA credibility ?
Think about it for a minute .
You are ordered and given funding to conduct Predator attacks on " suspected al - Qaeda bases " in Pakistan .
( Our armed forces can not do it since the Pentagon is not supposed to be striking countries with whom we are not at war . )
You salute , find some contractors to help , and conduct those attacks .
The president then asks his CIA morning briefer about the effectiveness of the drone attacks , including the longer - term political as well as military effects .
When the briefer checks with the substantive analysts watching Pakistan , he learns that the attacks are very effective – indeed , the very best recruitment tool Osama bin Laden and the Taliban could imagine .
Jihadists are flocking to Pakistan and Afghanistan like moths to a light bulb .
Problem .
Do you think mealy - mouthed CIA Director Leon Panetta will have the courage to whisper that unwelcome finding to the president ?
Suppose Gen. David Petraeus or Gen. Stanley McChrystal found out .
No NIE on Af - Pak
The proof is in the pudding .
Were not Panetta a self - described " creature of the Congress " ( be wise , compromise ) , he would have long since ordered up a National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) on prospects for Afghanistan AND – far more important – Pakistan .
Would you believe that at this stage there is still no such NIE ?
And the reason Panetta and his managers are keeping their heads way down is the same reason former CIA director George Tenet for years shied away from doing an NIE on whether Iraq had weapons of mass destruction .
The findings would smell like skunks at a picnic .
It was only after Sen. Bob Graham , then - chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee , told the White House in September 2002 , " No National Intelligence Estimate , no congressional vote on war with Iraq , " that Tenet was ordered by the White House to commission an NIE with preordained conclusions .
That NIE was to be completed in record time ( less than three weeks ) in order to emerge several weeks before the mid-term elections and it was to reflect the alarmist views expressed by Vice President Dick Cheney in a major speech on August 26 , 2002 .
In Tenet ’s memoir , he admits that Cheney " went well beyond what our analysis could support . "
But never mind ; Tenet and his lieutenants had become quite accomplished in cooking intelligence to order .
And so they did .
Like Cheney ’s speech , the Estimate was wrong on every major count – deliberately so .
At the conclusion of an exhaustive investigation by the Senate Intelligence Committee , Sen. Jay Rockefeller , Chair from 2007 to 2009 , bemoaned the fact that the Bush / Cheney administration " presented intelligence as fact when in reality it was unsubstantiated , contradicted , or even nonexistent . "
Nonexistent ?
You mean fabricated or forged ?
With the advent of the George W. Bush administration we had learned about " faith - based intelligence , " but the mind boggles at the use of " nonexistent " intelligence .
What Harry Would Did Say
For those of you who may have forgotten , Dec. 22 was the 46th anniversary of the most important op - ed of all the 381,659 written about the CIA since its founding .
Do not feel bad if you missed it ; the op - ed garnered little attention – either at the time or subsequently .
The draft came from Independence , Mo. , and was published in the Washington Post early edition on Dec. 22 , 1963 .
The first and the last two sentences of Harry Truman ’s unusual contribution bear repeating :
" I think it has become necessary to take another look at the purpose and operations of our Central Intelligence Agency . …
" We have grown up as a nation , respected for our free institutions and for our ability to maintain a free and open society .
There is something about the way the CIA has been functioning that is casting a shadow over our historic position , and I feel that we need to correct it . "
Truman began by describing what he saw as CIA ’s raison d’être , emphasizing that a president needs " the most accurate and up - to - the - minute information on what is going on everywhere in the world , and particularly of the trends and developments in all the danger spots . "
He stressed that he wanted to create a " special kind of an intelligence facility " charged with the collection of " all intelligence reports from every available source , and to have these reports reach me as president without ‘ treatment ’ or interpretations " by departments that have their own agendas .
A Warning
The " most important thing , " he said , " was to guard against the chance of intelligence being used to influence or to lead the president into unwise decisions . "
It is a safe bet that Truman had uppermost in mind how senior CIA officials tried to mousetrap President John Kennedy into committing U.S. armed forces to attack Cuba , rather than to sit by and let Fidel Castro ’s troops kill or capture the ragtag band of CIA - trained invaders at the Bay of Pigs in April 1961 .
The operation was a disaster , pure and simple .
Truman was no doubt aware of how Kennedy initially gave the go - ahead to a CIA plan that had been approved by President Dwight Eisenhower ; how the new president belatedly saw the trap ; and how he had the courage to face down the tricksters and then take responsibility for the consequences that came of having trusted them .
Still , Kennedy did not feel he could follow his instinct to " splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter it into the winds . "
Instead , he fired CIA director Allen Dulles , a quintessential establishment figure – something one does at one ’s peril .
Allen Dulles later played a key role in selecting those who were allowed to testify before the Warren Commission on the JFK assassination , and in shaping its highly questionable findings .
In JFK and the Unspeakable , author James Douglass adduces persuasive evidence that some of Dulles ’ old buddies were involved in the murder of President Kennedy .
It may be just coincidence that President Truman chose to publish his CIA op - ed exactly one month after Kennedy was killed , but it seems equally possible that he deliberately chose that first monthiversary .
" Disturbed " at CIA Operational Role
In his Dec. 22 , 1963 , op - ed , Truman addresses the structural fault alluded to above :
" For some time I have been disturbed by the way CIA has been diverted from its original assignment [ collection , analysis , and reporting ] .
It has become an operational and at times a policy - making arm of the government .
This has led to trouble and may have compounded our difficulties in several explosive areas . …
" Some of the complications and embarrassment I think we have experienced are in part attributable to the fact that this quiet intelligence arm of the president has been so removed from its intended role that it is being interpreted as a symbol of sinister and mysterious foreign intrigue . …
" The last thing we needed was for the CIA to be seized upon as something akin to a subverting influence in the affairs of other people . "
Think Iran .
In early 1963 when I began work at the CIA it had been almost a decade since the overthrow of the first democratically elected prime minister of Iran , Mohammed Mossadegh , in August 1953 .
The joint CIA and British intelligence " Operation Ajax " was cited proudly as a singularly successful covert action operation .
Just before electing Mossadegh in 1951 , the Iranian parliament had nationalized Iran ’s oil industry , which until then had been controlled exclusively by the British government - controlled Anglo - Iranian Oil Company – Britain ’s largest overseas investment at the time .
Unfortunately for Britain , there were upstarts in Iran ( " militants , " in today ’s parlance ) who made bold to think that Iranians should be able to profit from the vast oil reserves in Iran .
Winston Churchill asked Truman to order the fledgling CIA to join the British service , MI - 6 , in arranging a coup .
Truman said no .
( I can imagine him saying " Hell , no ! " )
Truman ’s successor , Dwight Eisenhower , however , said yes .
And the coup that Eisenhower approved goes a long way toward explaining why the Iranians do n’t much like us .
After we threw out Mossadegh and brought in the shah , the Iranian people suffered untold horrors at the hands of SAVAK , the shah ’s notorious secret police .
Every Iranian knew / knows that the CIA and MI - 6 did what the British would call a " brilliant " job training SAVAK .
Many students of Iran believe that it was SAVAK ’s widespread and widely known torture , as much as Ayatollah Khomeini ’s charisma , that brought revolution and dumped the shah in 1979 .
And the Oil ?
And who got control of the oil ?
That seems always to be the question , does n’t it ?
The shah let the U.S. and UK split 80 percent of control , with the rest going to French and Dutch interests .
The shah got 50 percent of the revenues .
When the shah and SAVAK became history , the new Iranian government took control of the oil .
Today , there is scant applause among thinking people for the " singularly successful " U.S. - UK - sponsored coup in Iran .
The same goes for the CIA - run coup in Guatemala the following year .
American media initially sold both operations as victories over leftist - leaning governments vulnerable to Communist blandishments .
It was about oil in Iran , as it was about land claimed by the United Fruit Company in Guatemala .
But the kind of suffering in store for the people of both countries was the same .
Having learned from the British how this kind of thing is done , CIA operatives were ready to try out their newly acquired skills and succeeded in overthrowing the government or Jacobo Arbenz Guzman , who had been elected president in 1950 with 65 percent of the vote .
His offense was giving land to the peasants – unfarmed land that private corporations earlier had set aside for themselves .
The United Fruit Company was allergic to real land reform in Guatemala and lobbied hard for Washington to remove Arbenz .
The Dulles brothers , Allen and John Foster , who happened to be shareholders of the United Fruit Company , took the line that Arbenz ’s actions smacked of " Communism . "
Then - CIA director Allen Dulles stoked fears by describing Guatemala as a " Soviet beachhead in the Western hemisphere . "
The overthrow of Arbenz in 1954 made Guatemala safe for United Fruit , but not for democracy .
The coup ended a hopeful decade - long experiment with representative democracy known as the " Ten Years of Spring . "
The outcome ’s implications for democracy in Central American were immense .
Other examples could be adduced , but let us stop here with the two with which Harry Truman would have been most familiar – from a statecraft point of view .
( I doubt that he held stock in either Big Oil or United Fruit . )
At the end of his op - ed , Truman puts his conclusion right out there with characteristic straightforwardness :
" I , therefore , would like to see the CIA be restored to its original assignment as the intelligence arm of the president … and that its operational duties be terminated or properly used elsewhere . "
Media Un-Reaction
A blockbuster op - ed , no ?
Well , no .
Investigator Raymond Marcus is among those struck by the curious lack of response – one might say embargo – regarding Truman ’s Washington Post article .
Marcus has written :
" According to my information , it was not carried in later editions that day , nor commented on editorially , nor picked up by any other major newspaper , or mentioned in any national radio or TV broadcast . "
What are we to make of this ?
Was / is it the case , as former CIA director William Colby is quoted as saying in a different connection , that the CIA " owns everyone of any significance in the major media " ?
Or at least that it did in the Sixties ?
How much truth lies beneath Colby ’s hyperbole ?
Did the CIA and its White House patrons put out the word to squelch a former president ’s op - ed already published in an early edition of the Post ?
Or is there a simpler explanation .
Do any of you readers perhaps know ?
The tradecraft term of art for a " cooperating " journalist , businessperson , or academic is " agent of influence . "
Some housebroken journalists have previously worked for the CIA .
Some take such scrupulous notes that they end up sounding dangerously close to their confidential government sources .
Think back , for example , to those vengeful days in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 and the macho approach being modeled by President Bush and aped down the line by CIA operatives and their " agents of influence . "
CIA operative Gary Schroen told National Public Radio that , just days after 9/11 , counterterrorism chief Cofer Black sent him to Afghanistan with orders to " Capture bin Laden , kill him , and bring his head back in a box on dry ice . "
As for other al - Qaeda leaders , Black reportedly said , " I want their heads up on pikes . "
This quaint tone – and language – reverberated among Bush - friendly pundits .
One consummate insider , Washington Post veteran Jim Hoagland , went a bit overboard in publishing a letter to President Bush on Oct. 31 , 2001 .
It was no Halloween prank .
Rather , Hoagland strongly endorsed what he termed the " wish " for " Osama bin Laden ’s head on a pike , " which he claimed was the objective of Bush ’s " generals and diplomats . "
At the same time , there are dangers in sharing too much information with pet insider / outsiders .
In his open letter to Bush , Hoagland lifted the curtain on the actual neoconservative game plan by giving Bush the following ordering of priorities .
" The need to deal with Iraq ’s continuing accumulation of biological and chemical weapons and the technology to build a nuclear bomb can in no way be lessened by the demands of the Afghan campaign .
You must conduct that campaign so that you can pivot quickly from it to end the threat Saddam Hussein ’s regime poses . "
Thus , Hoagland surfaced the " pivot " plan three weeks before Donald Rumsfeld called Gen.
Tommy Franks to tell him the president wanted him to shift focus to Iraq .
Franks and his senior aides had been working on plans for attacks on Tora Bora where bin Laden was believed to be hiding , but attention , planning , and resources were abruptly diverted toward Iraq .
And Osama bin Laden walked out of Tora Bora through the mountain passes to Pakistan , according to a recent Senate Foreign Relations Committee report .
The point here is that some media favorites are extremely well briefed partly because they are careful not bite the hands that feed them by criticizing the CIA .
Still less are they inclined to point out basic structural faults – not to mention the crimes of recent years .
So it is up to those of us who know something about intelligence and how structural faults , above - the - law mentality , and flexible consciences can spell disaster .
Split Up the Agency
Here ’s what should be done .
Expunge the one sentence in the National Security Act of 1947 that gives a president wide latitude to direct the CIA to perform " other such functions and duties related to intelligence . "
Make it crystal clear that the sense conveyed by that sentence , whether the sentence itself stays in or is deleted , cannot authorize activities that violate international or U.S. criminal law – crimes like kidnapping and torture .
" Other such functions and duties ? "
What was meant by this wording were activities additional to what President Truman describes in his op - ed as the " original assignment " of the CIA – a central place with access to all collection that enables analysts to advise the president with candor , without department " treatment " or interpretations , and not sparing him " unpleasant facts " so as not to " upset " him .
As Truman himself suggests , terminate " other such functions and duties " or put those operations elsewhere .
And imagine into existence different , effective ways to exercise oversight , not totally dependent on the highly politicized " overlook " committees of the Congress .
That done , there will still be a baby NOT to be thrown out with the bath water .
The good news is that there remains a core of analysts willing and able to seek truth and speak truth to power .
This was shown in 2007 , when Tom Fingar , a senior analyst with integrity and courage , led to conclusion a National Intelligence Estimate that helped prevent the attack that Dick Cheney , the neoconservatives , and Israel were planning on Iran .
That NIE assessed with high confidence that Iran had ceased working on the warhead - related part of its nuclear program in the fall of 2003 – a judgment that holds to this day , however unpopular and unwelcome it may be among those who would have the president give Israel carte blanche to strike Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
That is the capability Truman wanted – the baby that must be rescued and reared .
But the baby is still in danger .
With Tom Fingar now retired , the absence of an NIE on Afghanistan / Pakistan speaks volumes about the timidity that persists within the hierarchy of the CIA and the intelligence community .
It boggles the mind that , amid all the assessment and reassessment prior to the president ’s decision to escalate by sending 30,000 more troops , no policy - maker or congressional leader wanted to know what the 16 agencies of the intelligence community were thinking .
Or did the White House make it clear to those interested that it would be better not to ask ?
Gloom Avoidance
Gen. Petraeus and Gen. McChrystal are not interested in CIA analysis , just CIA drones ( the aircraft ) .
Sources inside the intelligence community tell us that they assess the prospects for success of the generals ’ approach as very low , but that this word does not seem to be getting to the president .
It is not entirely clear whether it is a case of Panetta being reluctant to relay to Obama the kind of " unpleasant facts " or " bad news " that Truman wanted the CIA to give him in a straightforward way , or that Obama himself has discouraged such truth - seeking / telling lest the abysmal prognosis of the analysts leak and complicate his Faustian bargain with the top brass – and cause even more political damage in his dissatisfied Democratic " base . "
As things get still worse in " Af - Pak " – and they will – it will be important for Obama to have a group of analysts able to give him an objective read on the quagmire into which his benighted policies have led , and how he might attempt to pull himself and U.S. troops out .
Perhaps then he will ask .
So save that baby .
Throw out the other one with the bathwater .
This article first appeared on ConsortiumNews.com .
A big thanks to Nicolas Pouillard , who co-authored data - object ( as well as some of the underlying libraries like attempt ) for coming up with many of the great ideas here .
Introduction
Before you get worried , this has nothing to do with object - oriented .
The term “ object ” here refers to a JSON object , which basically means a data type which can represent three things :
Scalars
Sequences ( or lists )
Mappings ( or dictionaries )
This format happens to be an incredibly useful things , and the goal of data - object is to provide the Object data type in one place where other libraries can use it , and thus easily exchange data with other libraries .
So far , this library has been used for :
data - object - json : a wrapper around json-b for JSON parsing / emitting
data - object - yaml : a binding to the libyaml C library .
( Note : the C source code is included in the package , so you do n’t need to have it installed separately on your system . )
json2yaml : a simple utility program for converting JSON to YAML files ( I was shocked that I could n’t find something like this elsewhere ) .
It is also playing a prominent role in the Yesod web framework to provide such features as automatic string escaping , JSON output and interfacing with HStringTemplate
Hopefully that gives you an idea that this library is useful .
Before rolling your own data type to do basically the same thing , please consider using this library instead .
Overview of design choices
The datatype itself is incredibly simple ; the important points are what go along with it .
The Object datatype is polymorphic in both the key and value .
You can make String -> String objects , Int -> String , or anything else you like .
This library depends on convertible - text , which provides generic conversion type classes .
There is a template haskell function included to automatically generate a number of instances .
There are three specific aliases provided for Object in their own modules : TextObject , StringObject and ScalarObject .
What , no code samples ?
Sorry , not this time .
If you want to see example code that uses the data - object library , I recommend data - object - json and json2 yaml ( data - object - yaml has a lot of C library cruft ) .
Also , this library is still young , so I ’m very much open to suggestions .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Taking a step that has tempted and terrified much of the newspaper industry , The New York Times announced on Wednesday that it would charge some frequent readers for access to its
Web site  news that drew ample reaction from media analysts and consumers , ranging from enthusiastic to withering .
Starting in January 2011 , a visitor to NYTimes.com will be allowed to view a certain number of articles free each month ; to read more , the reader must pay a flat fee for unlimited access .
Subscribers to the print newspaper , even those who subscribe only to the Sunday paper , will receive full access to the site without any additional charge .
Executives of The New York Times Company said they wanted to create a system that would have little effect on the millions of occasional visitors to the site , while trying to cash in on the loyalty of more devoted readers .
But fundamental features of the plan have not yet been decided , including how much the paper will charge for online subscriptions or how many articles a reader will be allowed to see without paying .
“ This announcement allows us to begin the thought process that ’s going to answer so many of the questions that we all care about , ” Arthur Sulzberger Jr. , the Times Company chairman and publisher of the newspaper , said in an interview .
“ We ca n’t get this halfway right or three - quarters of the way right .
We have to get this really , really right . ”
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Ever wondered why our country ’s laws so often favor the rich over middle and working - class people ?
Consider this :
Last week , the Center for Responsive Politics released its latest survey of congressional financial disclosure forms .
Of the 535 voting members of Congress , over 44 percent of — 237 to be exact — are millionaires .
Fifty members have net worths of at least $ 10 million , and seven are worth more than $ 100 million .
( I profiled Rep. Darrell Issa , a California Republican who is now the richest member of Congress , in the September / October issue of Mother Jones . )
By comparison , around one percent of Americans are millionaires .
There is no other minority group that is as overrepresented in Congress as millionaires are .
For black people to be similarly overrepresented compared to their percentage of the population , the entire Congress would have to be black .
( Actually , even that would n’t be enough . )
If Mormons were similarly overrepresented , there would be 75 of them in Congress ( there are 16 right now ) .
So next time that the Congress does something that seems outrageously biased in favor of rich people — say , slashing top income tax rates or spending $ 440 billion over 10 years to cut estate taxes on one quarter of one percent of Americans — remember who members of Congress are really helping : themselves .
Anything that looks like a miniature , happy Chewbacca just has to be awesome — and sloths do not disappoint .
From tooth to poo pellet , the creatures of Order Pilosa , Suborder Folivora are as strange and fascinating as they are adorable .
1 . They do n't actually sleep all that much
It is true that sloths are very still for most of the day .
But that 's more about self - defense than laziness .
The sloth mission statement can be summed up as , essentially , " Avoid being eaten by eagles . "
Seriously , it 's a problem .
" There 's no real defense against something that 's willing to dive bomb a tree , flip upside down and grab you off a vine , " said Donald E. Moore , Ph.D. , associate director of animal care at Smithsonian 's National Zoo in Washington , D.C. " You 're really better off if they just do n't see you . "
To that end , sloths have picked up a couple of useful adaptations .
First , they 're covered in a unique sort of fur that 's an ideal breeding ground for algae .
Second , they 're able to spend most daylight hours immobile and , when they do move , it 's usually very , very slowly .
The result :
From the air , sloths look more like green vegetation than tasty , meaty eagle snack .
So how do we know they are n't sleeping that whole time ?
Research .
In fact , brown - throated three - toed sloths were the first animal species to have its sleeping habits studied in the wild , said Bryson Voirin , a doctoral student with the Max Planck Institute .
In 2008 , Voirin was part of a team that found some wild sloths only sleep a little more than nine hours a day .
To do the study , the researchers had to catch sloths , then implant electrodes just below the skin of the animals ' scalps .
A tiny hard drive — epoxied to each sloth 's head like a hat — recorded brainwaves associated with sleep and wake cycles .
The animals were also outfitted with standard radio collars .
For two weeks , the sloths lived as naturally as one can with a hard drive glued to one 's head .
Then , the researchers picked the sloths back up , took out the electrodes and detached the electronics .
The recorded brainwave data offered the sort of insight on when subjects were sleeping and when they were awake that Santa Claus only wishes he could access .
2 . They 're smart–and fast
Just because sloths usually move slowly , does n't mean they 're physically limited to a snail 's pace .
Donald Moore has first - hand experience with just how fast these creatures can go , when they really want .
"
One female took a dislike to me .
I 'm one of the only sloth biologists who 's been bitten , " he said .
" They can use their big claws and slash out .
But what she did was run at me , upside down along a vine , as fast as a cat would run along the floor .
She grabbed me and pulled my hand to her mouth and then bit .
It all happened very quickly . "
Luckily for Moore , most of the sloths he 's worked with have liked him .
Some even took to grooming him .
His experiences demonstrate how sloths really can tell individual humans apart from one another , and have individual personalities themselves .
Social interaction is n't the only way sloths show their intelligence .
" There was a researcher in the 1930s and ' 40s who did vine - and rope - based maze testing with sloths and showed that they have the same level of cognitive function as a cat in a maze on the ground , " Moore said .
3 . Most of them can't survive in zoos
There are six species of sloths — four species of three - toed sloths and two of the two - toed variety .
Of those , only the two - toed species are frequently found in zoos .
It comes down to an issue of movement and diet .
In the wild , two - toed sloths move more than 40 meters a day through the treetops , said Moore .
Three - toed sloths move much less .
The result : Two - toers have a more varied diet — enjoying everything from lettuce , to boiled yams , to grapes .
( They really , really love grapes . )
Meanwhile , other sloths eat almost nothing but parts of the Cecropia tree .
Such picky eaters are n't easy animals for zoos to take care of , but it has been done .
The Dallas World Aquarium , for instance , has the only three - toed sloth on display in the United States .
They make it work , Moore said , because that particular three - toed sloth is very comfortable with humans — and because there are Cecropia trees in the parking lot .
" The keepers were able to take them out once a day , before the zoo opened , and let them eat from the trees in planters , " he said .
4 . They 're in a league of their their own
Sloths evolved in South America and , for most of their existence , that continent was n't connected to any others .
They 're very old — their family tree , which also includes anteaters and armadillos , diverged from the rest of the mammals some 75 - 80 million years ago , when South America was still joined to Africa .
They 're also pretty strange .
" Even the animals they 're most closely related to , anteaters and armadillos , are as different from sloths as whales are from bats , " Moore said .
Among the many sloth oddities is a very slow metabolism .
They have the lowest body temperature of any mammal , Moore said , and they only use the bathroom once a week .
That last bit has the added benefit of protecting them from predators , because their regular bathroom break is the only time sloths leave the trees .
Even weirder , their digestive system is similar to a cow's , with a specialized , multi-chambered stomach that allows them to fully process leaves .
" When dogs eat leaves , they come out relatively whole .
When sloths eat leaves , they come out as little pellets at the end of the week , " Moore said .
Their teeth are also on the funky side .
Sloths have no incisors , and no canines .
Instead , they have what are called caniniform molars — conical teeth that look like triangles in cross section .
From his personal experience , Moore can vouch for the fact that every side of that triangle is razor sharp .
Even the way sloths store fat is unique .
Most mammals have fat deposits tucked around their bodies .
Sloths , however , do n't seem to , according to Moore .
He 's never seen an obese sloth and , in autopsies , the only place he 's ever found any sign of a fat deposit is on the pads of their feet .
Image courtesy Flickr user flickrfavorites , via CC < / p >
As Google Inc. launches its Nexus
One phone , one call that the company has n't made is to the family members of science - fiction author Philip K. Dick , who complain the device 's name infringes on one of Mr. Dick 's most famous novels .
" We feel this is a clear infringement of our intellectual - property rights , " said Isa Dick Hackett , a daughter of Mr. Dick and the chief executive of Electric Shepherd Productions , an arm of the Dick estate devoted to adapting the late author 's works .
" Our legal team is dealing head - on with this , " she said Tuesday .
An attorney for the estate declined to elaborate on what legal steps it has taken .
Philip K. Dick 's novel , ' Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? , ' was the basis for the 1982 film ' Blade Runner . '
Warner Brothers / Everett Collection
Mr. Dick 's 1968 novel , " Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? , " which served as the basis for the 1982 cult film " Blade Runner , " follows a bounty hunter chasing androids known as Nexus - 6 models .
Ms. Hackett believes
Google referenced that work in coming up with the name for its new phone , but the company never called her family or attorneys for permission to license the name .
A Google spokesman declined to comment .
Ms. Hackett argues the association between the phone and the book are cemented by the fact that the Nexus One runs Google 's Android operating system .
Google has its " Android system , and now they are naming a phone ' Nexus One , ' " she said .
" It 's not lost on the people who are somewhat familiar with this novel . "
Attorneys who specialize in trademark disputes do n't see a clear - cut case .
One key issue is whether consumers are likely to be confused and think Mr. Dick 's estate was associated with Google 's phone .
" Will people buying the Google phone hear the Nexus One name and think that is just like in ' Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? ' " asked Marc Reiner , a partner at Dorsey & Whitney LLP , who is n't involved in the matter .
Characters like Mickey Mouse and Indiana Jones that have served as bases for products are much more likely to be able to gain trademark protection .
" A character in a book does not automatically get trademark protection , " Mr. Reiner said .
It also may be more difficult to win a trademark case in regards to a word like nexus , which is used in other contexts apart from the characters in Mr. Dick 's novel , said Beth Goldman , a partner at Orrick , Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP , who is n't involved in the Google matter .
" Some words are never used for anything except in connection with a particular trademark , like Hershey's , " Ms. Goldman said .
That may explain why Verizon Wireless licensed the ' Droid ' name from " Star Wars " creator and director George Lucas when it recently launched a Motorola Inc. smart phone with that name .
" We were honored that Verizon chose to name their newest technological venture the DROID smart phone , and we were happy to grant them a license to use the mark , " said a spokeswoman for Mr. Lucas 's company , Lucasfilm Ltd .
Write to Nathan Koppel at nathan.koppel@wsj.com
Floods and mudslides in Brazil have killed at least 76 people , including dozens buried when a hillside collapsed on a luxury beach resort .
Emergency crews today used heavy equipment , shovels and bare hands to recover bodies from devastated parts of Rio de Janeiro state and two neighbouring states following days of torrential rain .
Amid warnings of more heavy rain authorities advised tourists to leave Ilha Grande , a resort island , and Angra dos Reis , a mainland port city .
President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva interrupted his vacation for an emergency meeting with civil defence officials .
Rio de Janeiro 's vice governor , Luiz Fernando Pezao , told Globo TV the death toll could rise .
" People had never seen so much rain in this region .
We 'll have to wait for the rescue efforts , but we 'll likely encounter a very sad outcome . "
Nearly 80 mudslides have been reported throughout south - east Brazil in the past week .
Among the worst hit was Ilha Grande , a former pirates ' lair and leper colony which is now an upscale retreat boasting pristine rainforest and tropical beaches .
At least 26 people died in the early hours of new year 's day when a wall of mud and rock swept Pousada Sankay , a guesthouse , and three neighbouring houses into the Atlantic .
Guests had just retired to their rooms following end of year celebrations when a reported 1000 ft wide cascade hit .
The 18 - year - old daughter of the couple who built the waterfront lodge at the foot of a cliff was among the victims .
Her parents survived .
Authorities said no foreigners were known to have died .
" We came to celebrate the new year and then all this sadness happened , " Fernanda de Oliveira , a witness , told the O Globo newspaper .
" We could n't see what was happening .
It was raining hard and the water was leaking into our house .
Suddenly , we saw people in the sea and we went down to rescue them .
They were people staying in the pousada . "
Wooden debris from the lodge floated near the shore .
The hotel , which advertises nightly rates of about $ 200 and can accommodate 50 guests , was reportedly full .
Television pictures showed about a 120 - strong emergency team scouring through mud and toppled trees for survivors and corpses .
Police helicopters and navy vessels helped in the search .
Around the same time a separate mudslide hit the Carioca slum in Angra dos Reis , killing at least 13 people and splintering wooden shacks .
The bodies were laid out in coffins in a school gymnasium .
Firefighters in Minas Gerais state said three elderly people died when a mudslide hit their home , the state - run Agencia Estado reported .
Six people from the same family were missing after a mudslide hit their house in the town of Cunha in Sao Paulo state , authorities said .
Morgue authorities in Rio de Janeiro said all identified victims were Brazilian .
They warned the death toll might double because many people remain missing .
I ’ve been wanting to do more work in the hotel marketing arena so I thought I ’d stir up some link building ideas you can use that I ’ve found useful in the past .
If you ’d like to explore these ideas further then consider working with us to expand your hotel ’s business both locally and beyond .
There are a lot of ways you can build links in this industry and I wanted to show you a few that you may have overlooked .
Marketing a hotel can be a daunting task because no matter where you are , you have active competition that ’s always trying to out do you .
If you ’re a hotel in a small area ranking well can be absolutely crucial to your survival in a local area .
I ’ve worked with a few hotels before and the one thing I have come to realize is that you need a good mix of link building and social media marketing .
There are a lot of things you can use I ’ve already blogged about , or other link building posts that can apply to your hotel ’s marketing strategy .
While you can use a press release service to get some news out just like everyone else , you can also make use of hotel industry specific news sources .
These are links privy to the hotel industry so you know you ’re getting targeted links from great news sources .
Hotel PR Services :
These hotel specific PR services are a great way to reach the who’s who in your industry while picking up some links along the way .
I ’d try and put away the budget to do a press release every time your hotel hosts an event or conference .
While some of these wire services may not snag you a link in the release , you may get a link from a site reporting on it .
You never know until you try !
http://www.hotelresource.com/Info-net_add_content.html
http://www.hotelnewsresource.com
http://www.hsyndicate.org/news.html
http://www.hotelsmag.com
http://www.hotelmarketing.com/index.php/content/submit-news
Backlink Analysis :
Mulling over backlink data is only fun for those who enjoy perving on websites link portfolios …
I still recommend thoroughly going over everyone in the top 20 for your target keywords .
Then once you ’ve gone over and obtained any goodies from that , do the same for another 20 hotels in another city / country / place .
This may yield you some link opportunities that you can use for yourself .
If it brings you nothing then blame it all on me and curse the day you ran across this post .
Get Links From Partners :
Almost every business is able to leverage some links from partners it may not even realize it has .
Hotels are able to do a lot of things to build links steadily over time .
Sometimes these opportunities come along for a certain event so try and keep your mind on the target .
You really want to be on the lookout for these link opportunities because these are quality links your competitors most likely cannot copy .
Some ways to explore partners for links are ;
– get links from conferences or conventions you`re hosting which can lead to bloggers linking to you in most cases
– use weddings as an opportunity to get links from wedding sites , tweets and other social media means
– somehow try and get a celebrity endorsement
– invite local bloggers to come stay and write about their experience at your hotel
– make videos and get links from social video sites
– offer discounts to students and try and get .edu links
– partner with local restaurants for promotions and for links
– partner with real estate agents in your area .
They sometimes have out of town clients coming in to see property and they could be recommending your hotel with a link from their site .
– do you outsource your cleaning services and does that company have a website
Hotel Business Directories :
There are a bounty of hotel directories out there with most being not the highest quality , there still is a decent amount of links to be had .
So not only are there hotel specific directories , you can cross over and get listed in some of the most authoritative travel directories .
http://www.hotelresource.com/
http://ehotelier.com/directory/addlink.php
http://www.websitesofhotels.com
http://www.hotelandtraveldirectory.com
What type of hotel / motel / B&B / boutique are you ?
Take that into consideration as well because there are a few great luxury hotel sites out there you can get into .
http://www.directoryofhotels.com
http://www.mrandmrssmith.com
http://www.drakeandcavendish.com/suggest-hotel.php
If you ’re a Bed & Breakfast then you also have an angle to work here with tons of niche specific directories such as ;
http://www.bedandbreakfastdirectory.org
http://www.globalbedandbreakfastlinks.com
You ’ll be able to sniff directories like these for cabin rentals , vacation homes , resorts and the list goes on .
Keep in mind a lot of directories you ’ll come across will cost some money or require a link back , so do n’t expect a whole lot of magic to happen .
Hotel Social Media :
I could write so much on this topic so I ’ll try and keep it short , simple and to the point .
There are now hundreds of social media / network sites for travel so you are going to be busy for the next year straight .
Some of these sites will allow links so keep your eyes peeled .
Mainly you ’ll want to be active on these sites to reap the rewards of becoming a trusted voice in the online travel community .
Most of these sites are review sites that are backed by your affiliates so you ’re mostly only going to be able to interact with customers .
If you ’re skeptical about devoting someone to social media for your hotel give it a try for 2 - 3 months and see what kind of results come out of it .
It takes a little while to get the ball rolling but once it does you can start to streamline certain aspects of it .
http://www.igougo.com
http://www.likeme.net
http://www.geckogo.com
http://www.oyster.com
Hotel Coupons :
If you have an online booking engine of sorts or feel like running a coupon the good ole fashioned way then you have plenty of link building options .
Coupons can be a big hit if you ’re on some of the bigger sites , so getting a link is just a bonus really .
There are dozens of coupon sites and forums and you can find lists already made by other people through Google Blog Search .
Be sure to get on these though ;
http://www.retailmenot.com
http://www.savings.com
http://www.couponchief.com
http://www.couponshare.com
Widgets & Apps :
If you have a programming budget that ’s big enough to tackle an iPhone / Blackberry / Android / Wordpress / Facebook app then I say go for it .
If you can get something cool and unique done you ’ll be able to grab links from all sorts of places .
App review sites are a good place to start and you could also drum up some business via the mobile web .
I ’ve seen a few hotel booking widgets that would just list the lowest price or best deal with no ties to an affiliate program .
The boutique hotel was n’t big enough to have its own affiliate program so they were just straight up marketing with a widget on local blogs .
The links they gained from it did all the good little things they ’re supposed to , rank you higher .
Hotel Link Building Resources :
– Link Building Case Study for Luxury Hotels
– 5 Link Building Strategies For Hoteliers
– Link Marketing For Travel & Tourism Businesses
– Travel SEO Internet Marketing Guide
– Hotelcast 2.0 Show For Hoteliers
– Hotel SEO
PREVIOUS POST
We All Had Our Dreams
After Attack on Danish Cartoonist The West Is Choked by Fear
The attack on illustrator Kurt Westergaard was n't the first attempt to carry out a deadly fatwa .
When Muslims tried to murder Salman Rushdie 20 years ago , the protests among intellectuals were loud .
Today , though , Western writers and thinkers would rather take cover than defend basic rights .
Von Henryk M. Broder
If you want to see how small our elected officials can be , send them to a meeting with " the boss " – no , not the president .
Send them on a CODEL ( congressional delegation ) to meet with the commanding general in the middle of a war zone .
Back in the day in Iraq , that would have been Gen. David Petraeus , or Gen. Raymond Odierno , though most of time the two were double - teaming it .
Today in Afghanistan , the boss is Gen. Stanley McChrystal .
Sure , the lawmaker may fly into Bagram air field with a head full of steam against sending 30,000 more troops , or at least a healthy skepticism toward escalating of a war in which every additional day , month , and year of the occupation seems to breathe new life into the forces against us .
But like Joanna Eberhart ’s fateful discovery at the Stepford Men ’s Association , nearly every member of Congress who travels overseas these days to meet the boss returns mouthing the same rhetoric , like a plastic simulacrum of the man or woman their constituents elected .
“ What I saw here is almost totally positive , ” gushed Sen. Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , after a hand - holding walk through a forward operating base in Afghanistan .
“ We went to places away from Kabul today .
We saw real partnering with Afghans … it ’s reassuring to see that happening . ”
Levin traveled to the region earlier this month with Sen. Al Franken ( D - Minn. ) , spending one day in Pakistan and two whole days in Afghanistan .
“ Our counterinsurgency strategy may be taking hold … we are offering [ the Afghans ] terms of security better than the false security offered by the Taliban , " he told reporters .
" I came back more optimistic about where we are , " Franken shared with Minnesota Public Radio upon his return .
" Gen. McChrystal did say momentum and perception are so important in Afghanistan .
I believe we are seeing a change in that , " Franken said .
" We need to clear , hold , and build , we need to secure these areas … we ’re using classic counterinsurgency tactics and I feel much better . "
As I wrote about in The American Conservative magazine last month , this all part of the Pentagon ’s massive strategic communications ( stratcomm ) matrix .
One may think that stratcomm – which includes everything from Army public affairs to battlefield information operations ( IO ) and psychological operations ( PSYOPS ) – is all about shaping perception and influencing " hearts and minds " overseas , but a critical part is keeping elected officials ( i.e. , the keepers of the coin ) on board with the mission .
As such , Gen. McChrystal has learned from the master , Gen . Petraeus , how to gently subjugate members of Congress , tailoring and massaging the desired take - home message for each delegation , ensuring not only that individual members " get it , " but that they invoke the correct narrative , tone , and language with their colleagues on Capitol Hill , the media , and with their people back home .
In some cases , for example , he makes insiders of key senators , like John McCain , Lindsey Graham , and Joe Lieberman , who fan out smugly like McChrystal ’s national surrogates after each CODEL , mouthing all the prescribed verbiage on television , at town hall meetings , and in exchanges with the White House .
Levin and Franken began as skeptics of President Obama ’s escalation plan ( and they still are , to a point , or so they suggest post - CODEL ) .
Nonetheless , Levin has always insisted that the key to leaving Afghanistan is getting the Afghan security forces trained well enough to defend the government against the Taliban and insidious al - Qaeda elements .
McChrystal has seized upon this , no doubt , leaving the senators with the impression today that not only is substantially building the police and national army ( the latest goal is from 191,000 to 305,000 ) by the end of next year doable , but that recruits are now swarming in at a record pace .
U.S. and NATO forces just need the additional trainers to keep up with the momentum .
Steve Clemons , always willing to give the Democrats the benefit of the doubt , nevertheless seemed fairly stunned at Levin ’s apparent lack of circumspection after his brief " confidence tour " with McChrystal :
" According to Levin , the only shortfall in the area of partnering is not the lack of American combat troops to partner with Afghans in the field , but rather the number of trainers .
He said that there are ‘ more than enough troops to handle the true shoulder to shoulder partnering . ’
He continued , ‘ What we learned , to our dismay , is that in the early training , during the first eight weeks , in the preliminary kind of skills given to recruits – there is a significant shortfall in personnel to train . ’ "
Franken ’s take was , not surprisingly , identical .
" They got so many recruits they had to cut them off at a certain point because they do n’t have enough trainers , " Franken told reporters .
He was treated to the same " partnering " exhibition as Levin .
" The Afghan national army is the most respected institution in the country , " he told his public radio host .
Considering that a wide swath of the Pashtun people , who make up an estimated 40 to 45 percent of the population , despise the military because they see it as a Tajik appendage of the corrupt Karzai regime , this does n’t say much for the rest of Afghanistan ’s institutions .
But someone in uniform must have told Franken that , so it has to be true .
Franken and Levin were n’t the only CODEL in town .
A few more had already passed through a week before – and all working off the same page , it seems , with small variations depending on party affiliation and ideological bent .
" The early phases of the counterinsurgency plan – headed by Generals Stanley McChrystal and David Petraeus – have resulted in important local security gains , " declared Sen.
Roger Wicker ( R - Miss . ) , who was part of a team of GOP gumshoes who made a weekend pilgrimage to Afghanistan and Pakistan mid-month .
" This is the same type of ‘ clear , hold , and build ’ strategy that was successful in turning around our effort in Iraq . "
For Rep. Cliff Stearns ( R - Fla . ) , who traveled with a bipartisan delegation the last week of December , McChrystal ’s personal assurances were a ratification .
" I ’m more optimistic [ after the trip ] that what we ’re doing is making a difference with the surge , which I support , ” Stearns said upon returning .
Notice how he ’s not afraid to call it " a surge . "
Another weekend warrior , Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R - Alaska ) , " walked through a bazaar " in " unstable Helmand province " and found it " remarkable " that she felt so safe ( she walked through with U.S. Marines , her local paper reported , but really , she insisted , the Afghans were securing the place ) .
“ Just two months before , you were not able to walk freely through the streets , ” Murkowski said .
“ So the combination of the American , the NATO forces , in conjunction with a growing Afghan army presence , is truly making a difference – slowly , but it ’s making a difference . ”
Not to be outdone , Rep. Steve Israel ( D - N.Y. ) shows us the pure effectiveness of a perfectly calibrated dog and pony show .
" I came here with a healthy skepticism about sending more troops to Afghanistan , " said Israel .
" But after two days here , my comfort level with General McChrystal ’s plan has increased immeasurably . "
Indeed , there are always a few skeptical liberals on these CODELs , like Sen. Amy Klobuchar ( D - Minn. ) , who seemed , more than any of the others , resistant to McChrystal ’s hypno - jive on her recent trip .
She gave him high marks for trying , though .
“ I was impressed by General McChrystal ’s command of and confidence in his mission of counterinsurgency and counterterrorism , ” she told a reporter who rang her in India .
( Like the others , she had been in Afghanistan less than 48 hours .
Maybe , unlike the others , she figured that was n’t long enough to hold forth about it in a planned teleconference with the media . )
Rep. Jerry McNerney ( D - Calif . ) still harbors uneasiness about the troop hike and says it ’s too early to sense if things " are turning around yet , " but he clearly came away from his mid-month CODEL undecided about if and when the U.S. should withdraw .
" I do n’t want to second - guess the president ’s plan , ” he told reporters .
“ If we show … Afghan citizens , that we want to stabilize conditions , not militarize , they ’ll come around . "
As for the top general , McNerney " said McChrystal has a good working knowledge of history , America ’s role in the region , and how best to protect Afghan civilians from attacks by the ousted Taliban regime , " the Oakland Tribune reported upon the California congressman ’s return .
For others more predisposed to Surge II , McChrystal ’s immediate stratcomm mission appears twofold : first plant the idea that things are already turning a corner , then give the members enough rhetorical ammunition to return to the States with renewed opposition to the president ’s " soft timeline " for troop withdrawal , which has been set for July 2011 .
McChrystal & Co. clearly do not approve of the deadline and are working ( however subtly ) to make it a public relations nightmare for the White House – mostly by using their helpers in Congress .
While McCain began the drumbeat early ( right after the president ’s West Point speech ) , McChrystal ’s challenge now is to ensure , through the Republican CODELs particularly , that the right message , when repeated often enough , prevails .
" It became clear during our trip that the July 2011 withdrawal date announced by President Obama is a major impediment to progress , " wrote Sen .
Wicker after his trip .
" Unfortunately , the Taliban is using the president ’s artificial deadline as a propaganda tool .
They are spreading the message that the U.S. cannot be depended upon in the long - term , which increases the anxiety many Afghan citizens have about turning against the Taliban . "
Sen . Mike Crapo ( R - Idaho ) , who traveled with Wicker and Murkowski on a GOP CODEL , told reporters " there does seem to be a bit of a deficit of trust … both in terms of Pakistani officials as well as Afghanistan officials , they have a concern about whether the United States is going to finish the job , and this is creating concern in both Pakistan and in Afghanistan . "
Murkowski also talked about the " trust deficit " with the Afghan people .
" As the Afghan national army and the Afghan national police are trying to build their ranks , if you are a father who wants to encourage a son to go off and be part of a police force , but if you ’re not sure this police force is going to continue or have that backing , you might think , ‘ we want to go with the side that ’s going to win . ’
“ If the mindset of the people of Afghanistan is ‘ we do n’t know how long the coalition forces are going to stick it out here , they may be cutting and running .
Maybe our best bet is to stay with the Taliban , stay with the bad guys . ' ”
Quite conversely , Levin and Franken got the impression that Obama ’s announcement of the 18 - month deadline in early December spurred the current upswing in Afghan police and army recruitment , and that maybe the intensified pressure to perform on a timeline is a good thing .
But it does n’t matter if the D - CODELs do n’t quite see eye - to - eye with the R - CODELs .
While it may seem like McChrystal has them talking at cross-purposes , it all essentially plays out in the military ’s favor , because these members are returning with the same idea : that more boots on the ground are required and that for the foreseeable future , the U.S. needs to be " clearing , holding , and building " in Afghanistan .
Rep. Walter Jones ( R - N.C. ) , who has joined a small number of Democrats in vocally opposing the war in Afghanistan , said the conga line of bedazzled members coming off the CODELs ultimately hurts efforts to force a debate on the war in the House .
Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) plans to introduce a Privileged Resolution to End War in Afghanistan , for which there were 12 bipartisan co-sponsors as of mid-December , including Jones .
" I remember members on CODELs in 2003 and 2004 saying things are getting better ….
I remember generals telling them in 2003 and 2004 that training the Afghan security forces was going well , " Jones tells Antiwar.com .
" A good salesman can sell you anything – that ’s why I think we need a debate . "
For his part , Jones – a North Carolina conservative who believes Congress has fallen down on the job – wants a clean break from Stepford and a return to thinking and acting for themselves .
" I think the Congress far too often has not met its constitutional responsibility .
That ’s why I ’m working with Dennis Kucinich and others and to say to [ House Speaker ] Mrs. Pelosi that we need to debate the policy .
Just do n’t bring it up in the supplemental [ funding bill ] .
That would be shirking our duty . "
Perhaps if there were such a debate , our members of Congress would n’t seem so darn small .
Microsoft says it is cutting off gamers who have modified their Xbox 360 consoles by adding extra chips or hard drives from its Xbox Live online services .
The company says that " a small percentage " are affected – possibly as many as 600,000 of the 20 million Xbox Live players , but perhaps up to 1 million around the world .
The banning is part of a sweep that Microsoft carries out each November to remove modified Xboxes from its online gaming service .
" Modding " or " chipping " is popular among people who want to play pirated games , but also games bought in other regions , or their own homemade ones which build on the original .
It usually requires physically soldering new components into the device .
In some cases , modding allows players to cheat within online games - as happened with Microsoft 's hugely popular Halo 2 , where modded consoles had a better chance of winning .
Beginning in 2002 , Microsoft released an online update to its service to remove anyone with a modded Xbox console .
Since then there seems to have been an annual check of machines to see whether they have been modded .
Any machine that has been detected as being modded is added to a list , and cannot rejoin the network in the future .
However , being banned does not stop the console itself from working ; it only stops the player using the Xbox Live online services .
There are scores of websites devoted to modding games consoles .
In some cases the modifications allow players to create new " maps " for existing games or to install larger hard drives , for saving games , rather than buying them from Microsoft .
Microsoft has not said how it identifies modded machines .
Some gamers claim to be able to " turn off " their modchips and evade detection – although having a non -Xbox hard drive is apparently detected and leads to a ban .
Microsoft said in a statement : " All consumers should know that piracy is illegal and that modifying their Xbox 360 console to play pirated discs violates the Xbox Live terms of use , will void their warranty and result in a ban from Xbox Live . "
Almost all forms of modding of consoles are illegal in the US and Europe – although that has not prevented them becoming big business , with online companies promising " simple " and " solderless " installations .
Earlier this week the Court of Appeal dismissed an appeal against the conviction of Christopher Gilham , who had been convicted in September 2008 of selling " modchips " – used to modify consoles .
The court found that playing a counterfeit game on a modded console infringes the rights associated with the game .
The Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers ' Association , ELSPA , which represents the video games industry , says that criminal games copying and other illegal activities cost the industry more than £ 750 m annually .
Canada has been awarded a Fossil of the Day “ award ” on the first day of the UN Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen , Denmark .
“ Canada garnered today ’s award for its unwavering commitment to stand firm in its inaction throughout these negotiations , ” a media release states .
The summit , COP15 for short , opened today ( December 7 ) and is scheduled to run through to December 18 .
For the duration of the conference , the Fossil of the Day will be presented to whichever country has done the most to delay and otherwise disrupt negotiations for an agreement on a global reduction in carbon emissions .
The recipient is determined by a vote conducted by a network of over 400 international and non-governmental organizations .
That coalition ’s media release goes on to state : “ Since announcing its emissions target in 2007 of reducing GHG emissions by 20 % below the 2006 emission level ( equivalent to 3 % below the 1990 level ) , the Harper government has consistently refused to adopt any regulatory framework to start reducing emissions , namely form the rapidly growing sector of tar sands . ”
In bestowing the recognition on Canada , the group noted that in a December 4 speech in Montreal , Minister of the Environment Jim Prentice announced that the Conservative government “ wo n't be swayed by the Copenhagen hype ” .
Canada is represented at COP15 by Prentice and Prime Minister Stephen Harper , who only agreed to travel to Copenhagen after U.S. President Barack Obama and Hu Jintao , the president of China , announced that they would attend .
Canada ’s receiving of the first Fossil of the Day was not unexpected .
The country was the Fossil of the Year in both 2007 and 2008 .
And in the weeks preceding COP15 , the European press speculated that Canada will do everything it can to sabotage the talks .
This story has been updated to reflect revised information provided by the Climate Action Network .
You can follow Travis Lupick on Twitter at twitter.com / tlupick .
Bay Area homeowners have n't had much to cheer about in the past few years amid the nationwide housing - market meltdown .
Now there 's a glimmer of good news :
The local housing market last year began showing signs of a tentative , albeit uneven , recovery .
Cities closer to the coast such as Palo Alto , Belvedere and Tiburon saw a return to year - over - year price gains of previously sold homes in 2009 , according to MDA DataQuick , a data provider in La Jolla , Calif .
But other towns in harder - hit inland areas like Vacaville and Vallejo ...
Are you left wing or right wing ?
What wing are you on ?
Are you a Democrat or Republican ?
A Liberal or a Conservative ?
Here ’s a wild concept .
You are neither !
Imagine that .
There ’s more to you than two narrowly defined ideologies .
You are not an independent either .
You ’re just a person .
Same as me , same as everyone else .
And even if you are one of those people who rigidly defines yourself by being left or right .
Even if you do envelope yourself with strictly right or left wing blogs , news sources , punditry , philosophy and perspective .
Even if you are completely incapable of believing anything or saying anything you have n’t been told to by your respective left or right wing sources .
Even if you have absolutely no ability to form your own opinions , ideals and morality …
Here ’s something to consider :
It does n’t matter if you ’re left or right wing when the plane is on fire and spiraling uncontrollably into an active volcano .
And make no mistake people of earth .
The plane !
The plane !
The plane is on fire !
To this , most people and ‘ leaders ’ on earth reply : “ We do n’t need no water , let the mother fucker burn ! ”
But no , I ’m afraid we really do need water , and unfortunately it appears as if the only way we ’ll get it is if the plane veers right of the volcano and crashes into the ocean .
Then we can swim around for a bit , squabble over the chunks of floating wreckage and wait for the sharks , starvation and thirst to take us down .
Maybe we can throw in some cannibalism too , just for good measure !
Please make no mistake , this is not something I am trying to prevent , or hope to curb with this blog …
I ’m an observationalist ( I do n’t care if that ’s not a real word , it should be . )
I try to observe the world objectively and in this case I am making a prediction , if anything .
Honestly , if you are looking for comprehensive answers and solutions to the problems of mankind in a single blog entry from a 24 year old , then you are many times more hopeless than even my most misanthropic view of human beings .
Which I will discuss in much more detail in upcoming posts .
So if you ’re here to scream and shout in the comments “ Well what the fuck is your solution then asshole ? ”
Please , by all means , go away and never return .
Back to point .
What is supposed to be a system of governance is now a game .
Those that are supposed to be acting as representatives of our beliefs , our needs and our desires , are now telling us what we believe , need and desire .
Or , more accurately , convincing us through massive amounts of advertising , blatantly puppeteered punditry and media .
Driving the wedge further between us , painting the canvass with only black and white … draining the color from our lives and our self .
There is no longer what we say , there is only what we ’re told .
Just to be clear , I ’m with George Carlin on many things , but this especially … let ’s not pretend that the answer lies in the past .
That there was some mystical time years , decades , generations ago when things were so much better that we need to get back to .
There was no such time .
In many respects , they sucked even more .
The past and the present are important , but they far too often overshadow what should be tantamount : setting achievable and rational objectives , and taking concrete progressive steps towards them .
How many of these big problems that persist day in and day out , that we are all aware of , that get debated year in and year out , that are in every newspaper , on every newscast , on every panel and every platform … could so easily and swiftly be dealt with , by just stripping away the nonsense .
By a frank discussion of what is actually going on .
By a severe and brutal assessment of the facts , the problems and the required steps towards solutions .
Your vote does n’t count .
Because you have no say in what you are voting for .
You are told that you believe one thing , or you believe the opposite .
You take one side , or you take the other .
If you do n’t , you are dismissed and marginalized with terminology like :
fringe , independent , third party , unpopular opinion , conspiracy , wacko , loser , deadbeat , non-contributor
“ If you do n’t vote then you have no right to complain ” is a mindless cliche I hear thrown around all the time .
This handy bit of regurgitated nonsense is usually first heard from the lips of parents or other authority figures and embedded in a young , impressionable human brain .
It is not a useful or intelligent thought .
It is , like all cliches , a nugget that people spit out in conversations because they know others will inevitably nod in agreement as if something has been said .
“ Yep , aint that the truth . ”
No .
It ’s not even close to the truth .
It ’s an empty slogan .
It ’s a new age ad campaign .
Words with no meaning .
It ’s a way to feel like you belong .
There is nothing more powerful in the human species than the need to feel accepted .
The need to belong to a group .
This is exactly how and why we can be played so easily against ourselves , dividing ourselves into these two camps .
There is no ‘ they ’ consciously and intentionally doing this .
That kind of thinking helps no one , addresses nothing and solves nothing .
People give far too much credit to ‘ them ’ .
They do n’t exist .
You do .
I do .
They do n’t .
They do n’t need to , because we do this to ourselves .
We allow ourselves to buy into this left / right nonsense .
The product is bullshit , and we ’re the consumers .
And no , the answer is n’t a third or fourth or fifth hastily thrown together wave of new parties either .
It ’s not to weld on five or six more clumsy wing designs onto the same plane .
The plane is crashing .
That is happening .
This mechanism is obsolete .
Time to go back to the design room .
Time to build a new kind of plane .
Or maybe a new mode of transportation altogether … a new destination and a new route .
DriveThruRPG's Customers Donate $ 178,900.00 to Doctors Without Borders for Haiti Relief Friday , February 5 , 2010 ( Atlanta , GA ) - DriveThruRPG , an online marketplace for traditional dice - and - paper roleplaying games , recently conducted a fund - raising program in the wake of the devastating earthquake that affected Haiti .
The effort resulted in an amount of $ 178,900.00 being wired to the international relief organization , Doctors Without Borders .
" Nothing like this has ever happened in our community , " said Sean Patrick Fannon , Marketing Manager for DriveThruRPG .
" The response of the publishers and the gaming community has been nothing short of miraculous .
I am extremely proud of what we 've all done here .
It ca n't take away the misery and tragedy faced by the people of Haiti , but we are hopeful that our efforts can bring some relief and recovery to them .
DriveThruRPG chose Doctors Without Borders because of their flawless reputation for bringing medical and humanitarian aid to those in need without any partisan or philosophical agenda attached .
Already on the ground when the earthquake struck , Doctors Without Borders is perfectly positioned to make immediate and efficient use of the funds collected .
" We are extremely grateful to DriveThruRPG and the roleplaying game community for choosing to contribute to Doctors Without Borders .
Their generosity will help provide lifesaving and urgently needed humanitarian assistance to the victims of the recent earthquake in Haiti , " said Jennifer Tierney , Director of Development for Doctors Without Borders - USA .
" As Doctors Without Borders provides surgery for victims of the earthquake , as well as post - operative care , mental health support , and other medical care , this contribution will make a real difference in Haiti . "
Reports from Doctors Without Borders indicate that over 11,000 have been treated by them , with over 1,300 surgeries performed ( most of them major ) .
The money donated by DriveThruRPG will go directly to helping rebuild their supplies and expanding their operations during the recovery of the Haitian nation .
" This is just the beginning , " said Steve Wieck , CEO of DriveThruRPG .
" We 've tapped into a real power for positive social change and charitable good here , and we 're looking ahead to future opportunities to use our technology to help game publishers and game fans network to provide assistance to those in need . "
DriveThruRPG.com is the world 's largest source of roleplaying game products available for download .
It is an industry leader in modern business and technology developments for the tabletop gaming fan .
For more information , contact Matt M. McElroy ( matt@onebookshelf.com ) .
Doctors Without Borders / Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF ) is an international medical humanitarian organization working in nearly 70 countries to assist people whose survival is threatened by violence , neglect , or catastrophe .
For more information , contact Emily Linendoll , Press Officer ( emily.linendoll@newyork.msf.org , 212-763-5764 ) .
A Université de Montréal researcher , funded by the Interdisciplinary Research Center on Family Violence and Violence Against Women , has launched a new study to examine the effects of pornography on men .
" We started our research seeking men in their twenties who had never consumed pornography .
We could n't find any , " says Simon Louis Lajeunesse , a postdoctoral student and professor at the School of Social Work .
" The objective of my work is to observe the impact of pornography on the sexuality of men , and how it shapes their perception of men and women , " says Lajeunesse .
To do so , he has so far recruited and interviewed 20 heterosexual male university students who consume pornography .
" They shared their sexual history starting with their first contact with pornography , which was in early adolescence .
Not one subject had a pathological sexuality .
In fact , all of their sexual practices were quite conventional , " says Lajeunesse .
The research concluded that 90 percent of pornography is consumed on the Internet , while 10 percent comes from video stores .
On average , single men watch pornography three times a week for 40 minutes .
Those who are in committed relationships watch it on average 1.7 times a week for 20 minutes .
Lajeunesse found most boys seek out pornographic material by the age of 10 , when they are most sexually curious .
However , they quickly discard what they do n't like and find offensive .
As adults , they will continue to look for content in tune with their image of sexuality .
They also rarely consume pornography as a couple and always choose what they watch .
All test subjects said they supported gender equality and felt victimized by rhetoric demonizing pornography .
" Pornography has n't changed their perception of women or their relationship which they all want as harmonious and fulfilling as possible .
Those who could not live out their fantasy in real life with their partner simply set aside the fantasy .
The fantasy is broken in the real world and men do n't want their partner to look like a porn star , " says Lajeunesse .
Lajeunesse refutes the perverse effect often attributed to pornography .
" Aggressors do n't need pornography to be violent and addicts can be addicted to drugs , alcohol , gaming and asocial cases are pathological .
If pornography had the impact that many claim it has , you would just have to show heterosexual films to a homosexual to change his sexual orientation . "
As rumored , Steve Jobs announced today at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference that the Macintosh will make a transition to Intel processors .
Jobs reviewed the two previous major transitions , from Motorola 680x0 processors to the PowerPC in 1994 thru 1996 ( before Steve Jobs was back at the helm ) , and from Mac OS 9 to Mac OS X in 2001 through 2003 .
Saying " It 's time for a third transition , " he explained that the need for the change was more than just the inability to deliver a 3.0 GHz Power Mac , as he promised 2 years ago , but that Intel offers increased performance AND reduced power consumption ( " Intel chips runs cooler " ) , a critical factor for PowerBooks , and an exceptional " roadmap " into 2006 and beyond .
He said that Mac OS X has been living a secret double life for the past five years ( see Marklar rumor ) and gave a demonstration .
The design for Mac OS X has always been processor independent and cross - platform capable by design .
The technology to let existing PowerPC applications run on Intel is named Rosetta and performs dynamic translation transparent to users ( see QuickTransit from Transitive ) .
Mac OS on Intel is to be given to developers ( ADC " Select " and " Premier " members ) now and to customers " this time next year . "
The transition will be completed in less than 2 years , by the end of 2007 .
Dashboard widgets , scripts , and Java programs do not need porting .
With Xcode 2.1 ( out today and distributed at the Keynote ) , developers can make a " tweak " and recompile for Cocoa applications , and port Carbon applications in a matter of weeks .
Mathematica was ported in 2 hours , although the porting team had direct support from Apple .
A universal version of MS Office is coming .
Photoshop and its plug -ins run with typical performance but take longer to load .
All demonstrations during the Keynote were performed on a 3.6GHz Pentium 4 , to the surprise of many in the audience .
Article Link : Macintosh Moving to Intel Processors [ Updated ]
As we learn more about yesterday 's 7.0 earthquake in Haiti , relief efforts are under way to help those left devastated by this tragedy .
Epi-Log has come up with a list of organizations where you can make donations : United Nations ' World Food Programme , Red Cross , Oxfam America , and Action Against Hunger .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
The author is a Reuters Breakingviews columnist .
The opinions expressed are his own .
Israel Should be Tried for War Crimes
Jan. 15 2010 ( AP ) .
Israelis who authorized the use of white phosphorous in densely populated Gaza should be tried for war crimes , a British Labour Party legislator said Friday , after entering the Hamas - ruled territory with 60 European parliamentarians .
The lawmakers are visiting Gaza to draw attention to the territory ’s “ evil blockade ” by Israel and Egypt , said the Labour legislator , Gerald Kaufman .
The closure was first imposed in 2006 , after Hamas - allied militants captured an Israeli soldier .
Kaufman also spoke in support of attempts by pro-Palestinian groups in Britain to get Israeli politicians and army officers arrested once they step on British soil .
Britain has a “ universal jurisdiction ” law that allows prosecution of alleged war criminals whose crimes have no direct connection with Britain .
“ We have had a fuss in our country about the inability of certain Israeli politicians to visit Britain for fear of being arrested , ” said Kaufman , frequently an outspoken critic of Israeli policies .
“ Anybody who uses white phosphorus should be arrested and should be tried for war crimes . ”
“ But when we read of an Israeli politician being afraid of being arrested in Britain , we remember that 1.5 million people in Gaza are under arrest every day of their lives by the Israelis , suffering depravation , hunger , lack of satisfactory medical treatment , lack of screws to put school desks together so your children can learn , ” Kaufman added .
In Beirut , meanwhile , the top leader of Hamas , Khaled Mashaal , urged Egypt to stop its construction of an underground steel wall along its border with Gaza .
Walls are built “ between enemies , not brothers , ” Mashaal said in a rare criticism of Egypt .
Egypt ’s underground anti-tunnel barrier of steel beams , now under construction , could eventually seal Gaza ’s southern border , block hundreds of smuggling tunnels and deprive Gaza ’s Hamas rulers of their only lifeline .
Speaking at a conference in Beirut , the Damascus , Syria - based Mashaal urged Egypt to take “ its rightful , leading role ” in the Arab and Muslim world and force Israel to lift its siege on Gaza .
Turns out 1939 was the watershed year of the last century after all .
So many things that are still relevant today started out then — television sets were first displayed at the New York World ’s Fair , and they still have n’t been turned off ; Gone With the Wind and The Wizard of Oz were brand - new movies , and we have never stopped watching them ; and Lily Tomlin was born , and she endures as a beloved comedy icon .
Yes , Tomlin is 70 .
If you first encountered her 40 years ago , in 1969 , when she marched her parade of characters down Main Street as a regular on Rowan & Martin ’s Laugh - In , you probably remember how hip she was .
If you first encountered her last season as a self - styled private detective and con artist on Desperate Housewives , you probably remember how hip she is .
She ’s never gone out of style , but that may be because she has , in her own words , never been mainstream .
Tomlin has always known where the edge is and has straddled it brilliantly .
Because of this , her sexuality always hovered just under America ’s gaydar .
Never cast as the romantic leading lady , she never stirred prurient interest , on - screen or off .
Nevertheless , as the feminist movement took hold and the AIDS epidemic solidified the gay political base , out lesbians began making noise that Tomlin , whose multi-decade relationship with the writer - director Jane Wagner was an open secret , should declare herself in the fashion of celebrities years younger .
She did n’t , choosing instead to make casual references to her time - honored romance as if it was the most normal thing in the world , which , in fact , it is .
She and Wagner share one of the longest - running professional and personal partnerships in show business — even Metro , Goldwyn , and Mayer stopped speaking after a few years .
These women ’s highly civil union survived the stunning success of The Search for Signs of Intelligent Life in the Universe , which had two critically acclaimed runs on Broadway 14 years apart , and the numbing failure of Moment by Moment , a soapy drama in which Tomlin lapsed into early cougardom , chasing John Travolta down the beach at Malibu .
Both were written and directed by Wagner .
At the time of this interview , they are plotting to conquer Las Vegas ( her show Not Playing With a Full Deck has a limited engagement in mid November ) , which , for edge - straddlers like these two , may be the final frontier .
I did n’t notice fireworks on your 70th birthday .
It rained .
It happened very quietly .
I ’ve been celebrating with naps .
There ’s been a lot of travel lately .
I ’ve been back and forth to New York shooting the new season of Damages .
I have been mad for that show since it went on .
Is your character good or bad ?
That ’s what I love about the show .
Who can tell ?
I mean , the entire show is a gray area .
Everybody is capable of everything .
So age is n’t something you dwell on ?
It ’s something my trainer dwells on .
I try to keep myself in shape and I schedule these hours , but I can get through about half an hour now , and then I throw my arms up , which is not part of the training .
And the trainer , well , you know how they are .
They shame you .
And you keep working .
Interesting things keep coming along .
And I have this storehouse of characters I can always bring out .
Every day now is a negotiation with Jane to get her to write me another Broadway show .
Once you ’ve done one of those things it ’s difficult to do a play where you ’re just one character .
And I love getting up onstage .
Your partnership with Jane is so well established , yet you ’ve never come out in the grand sense .
There never seemed to be a need .
I mean , people were n’t clamoring to know .
At the beginning it was something that no one did .
Of course , being a woman , it was a little different .
In 1973 , I was on The Tonight Show and Johnny Carson said , “ You ’re very attractive , yet you ’ve never married . ”
And I said , “ Well , you ’ve done it a few times — how is it working out ? ” and he ran with that , you know , because it was a funny thing about him .
He may have asked you that because of the incident on The Dick Cavett Show , where you walked off when Chad Everett referred to his wife as his property .
Carson was very smart , you know .
He may have been trying to provoke you .
Oh , I had n’t thought about that .
You may be right .
But , you know , it was the sort of question everyone asked a woman in those days .
Those days — they still do !
The last time I was on The View , Barbara said to me , “ Now , Lily , we ’ve known each other a long time , and you ’ve never married .
Is that because you just have n’t found the right man ? ”
And I just looked at her and I said , “ Oh , Barbara , we have known each other a long time , and we all know that ’s not the reason . ”
And she changed the subject .
Maybe it slipped her mind that she was in the presence of a card - carrying lesbian , and she went to the default question .
Ha !
Listen , I just think nobody was ever really interested in my sex life .
I may weep .
They generally are n’t interested in people who do n’t play the romantic parts .
Nobody ever asks me if Drew Carey is gay .
Is he ?
Congratulations , you ’re the first .
No , but he ’s a great guy anyway .
You know , I said nobody was interested , but that ’s not true .
There were some fans who really wanted me to come out .
And some media .
Time magazine offered me the cover if I would come out .
That was in 1975 .
I do n’t think anybody was coming out yet then , and I frankly was not interested in being typed as the gay celebrity .
I think what Ellen did was incredibly brave , and she paid a price for it — and she did it about 20 years after I got that offer .
And you got the cover of Time anyway .
Well , yes , but that ’s not the point .
[ Laughs ]
I got it later , when I was a bit more mainstream .
Although I never was what you would call mainstream .
I was doing a live album and I put a joke on it where I was being interviewed and the interviewer said , “ We understand you ’re going to play a heterosexual in your next film , ” and I said something like , “ Yes , I think they ’re terribly misunderstood .
They ’re just like the rest of us , really .
But it will take a great deal of study . ”
Something like that .
It was my way of dealing with it .
At that time .
But you never really , formally , stereophonically came out .
I want to make sure I did n’t miss it .
No .
We never hid anything and we never denied anything , but we never said anything specific .
I referred to Jane a million times as my partner , and people interpreted that as they would .
And after a while …
I guess I was out .
There may have been a story in Us Weekly the first time I specifically mentioned Jane in a more defined way , but that ’s about it .
And did things change as a result ?
By that time , no .
The times had changed .
And I had been around for all of them !
[ Laughs ]
It ’s very strange when people ask questions about what it was like back then , because what they do n’t get is that , as a society , gay people were n’t out .
There was no need unless you were an activist , I mean professionally .
There were people who did n’t fake anything privately , you know , like a double life or anything , but your sexuality was not a part of your public profile .
And it is all so different from today .
Did you feel pressure as the times changed ?
I just assumed everybody knew and it would look a little foolish to make a big deal about it .
I mean , how embarrassing , to make a big announcement and have people look at you with that expression that says , “ Oh , the poor thing thinks we never knew . ” [ Laughs ]
You ’re iconic and never realized it .
I am ?
Ha !
I mean , yes , I am .
[ Laughs ]
You ’re iconic !
No , really , some of my characters are iconic .
But me ?
Edith Ann and Ernestine , there are actually dolls .
Now , that ’s iconic .
Neither of them ever came out .
I never chose to explore that side of them .
[ Laughs ]
That could be Ernestine ’s big revival .
Has she gone away ?
Never too far .
But , you know , the phone company went away and so did much of her power .
But she still shows up to comment .
You know , she was nominated for an Emmy some years ago .
Did she win ?
No , I believe Pavarotti beat her .
It was for performing a number from Flashdance on a TV special .
I remember your fairy princess outfit at the Oscars .
Please !
It was the Queen of England at a state dinner !
Tiara , gloves , a muff .
I did that ’ cause I went with the Altman crowd [ Tomlin was nominated for her first screen appearance , in Robert Altman ’s Nashville ] .
We were having a lot of fun .
I did n’t think I would win .
Lee Grant won .
Had I won , I do n’t know what I would have done .
I suppose I had a speech .
Who knows if I would have been able to do it ?
This may be why you ’ve never been considered mainstream .
I suppose .
Most comic personalities are n’t terribly mainstream , which may be another reason people are n’t all that interested in their private lives .
They just want to laugh .
They do n’t want to fantasize .
Is n’t it enough just to laugh ?
I mean , if the laugh is truthful , it will lead to something else
Ever wanted to have a robot to do your research for you ?
If you are a scientist , you have almost certainly had this dream .
Now it 's a real option : Eureqa , a program that distills scientific laws from raw data , is freely available to researchers .
The program was unveiled in April , when it used readouts of a double - pendulum to infer Newton 's second law of motion and the law of conservation of momentum .
It could be an invaluable tool for revealing other , more complicated laws that have eluded humans .
And scientists have been clamoring to get their hands on it .
" We tend to think of science as finding equations , like E=MC2 , that are simple and elegant .
But maybe some theories are complicated , and we can only find the simple ones , " said Hod Lipson of Cornell University 's Computational Synthesis Lab .
" Those are unreachable right now .
But the algorithms we 've developed could let us reach them . "
Eureqa is descended from Lipson 's work on self - contemplating robots that figure out how to repair themselves .
The same algorithms that guide the robots ' solution - finding computations have been customized for analyzing any type of data .
The program starts by searching within a dataset for numbers that seem connected to each other , then proposing a series of simple equations to describe the links .
Those initial equations invariably fail , but some are slightly less wrong than others .
The best are selected , tweaked , and again tested against the data .
Eureqa repeats the cycle over and over , until it finds equations that work .
What took Newton years to calculate , Eureqa returned in a few hours on a decent desktop computer .
Lipson and other researchers hope Eureqa can perform the same wizardry with data that now defies scientists , especially those working at the frontiers of biology , where genomes , proteins and cell signals have proven fantastically difficult to analyze .
Their interactions appear to follow rules that traditional analytical methods can't easily reveal .
" There 's a famous quote by Emerson Pugh : ' If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it , we would be so simple that we could n't . '
I think that applies to all of biology , " said John Wikswo , a Vanderbilt University biophysicist who 's using the Eureqa engine in his own lab .
" Biology is complicated beyond belief , too complicated for people to comprehend the solutions to its complexity .
And the solution to this problem is the Eureqa project . "
Lipson made Eureqa available for download early in November , after being overwhelmed by requests from scientists who wanted him to analyze their data .
In the meantime , he and Michael Schmidt , a Cornell University computational biologist responsible for much of Eureqa 's programming , continue to develop it .
An ongoing challenge is the tendency of Eureqa to return equations that fit data , but refer to variables that are not yet understood .
Lipson likened this to what would happen if time - traveling scientists presented the laws of energy conservation to medieval mathematicians .
" Algebra was known .
You could plug in the variable , and it would work .
But the concept of energy was n't there .
They did n't have the vocabulary to understand it , " he said .
" We 've seen this in the lab .
Eureqa finds a new relationship .
It 's predictive , it 's elegant , it has to be true .
But we have no idea what it means . "
Lipson and Schmidt are now devising " algorithms to explain what our algorithm is finding , " perhaps by relating unknown concepts to simpler , more familiar terms .
" How do you explain something complicated to a child ?
That 's what it involves , " said Lipson .
" It 's machine teaching , rather than machine learning . "
One set of incomprehensibly meaningful discoveries comes from Eureqa 's analysis of cellular readouts gathered by Gurol Suel , a University of Texas Southwestern molecular microbiologist who studies how cells divide and grow .
But even if Eureqa can't yet explain what it found , it 's still useful , said Suel .
" You can use this as a starting point for further investigations .
It lets you think about new ideas of what 's going on in the cell , and generate new hypotheses about the properties of biological systems , " said Suel .
Sometimes Eureqa will require more data than it 's given before finding answers .
In those cases , the program may be able to identify information gaps , and recommend experiments to fill them .
That functionality is included in the latest build of the program , and is being taken even further in a new Lipson - Wikswo project .
They 're hooking a version of Eureqa directly to Wikswo's experimental gadgetry .
" The program is going to adjust the valves , feeding different nutrients and toxins to the cells , " and it does this faster than any researcher , said Wikswo .
" It comes up with the equations , plus the experiments needed to come up with the equations .
It 's Eureqa on steroids . "
According to Wikswo , who studies the effects of cocaine on white blood cells , Eureqa can propose experiments that researchers would have difficulty imagining .
" In most of science , you try to keep everything constant except for one variable .
You turn one knob at a time , and see how the system responds .
That 's wonderful for linear systems , " he said .
" But most biology is complex and non-linear .
Emergent behaviors are very hard to understand unless you turn many knobs at a time , and we can't figure out which knobs to turn .
So we 're going to let Eureqa pick them . "
The Cornell team has n't counted downloads of their program , but it 's likely being used by researchers outside biology .
As long as data fits on a spreadsheet , Eureqa can analyze it .
" In the past year , people have contacted us with some wild application ideas , " said Schmidt .
" Everything from predicting the stock market to modeling the herding of cows . "
Images : 1 ) Hod Lipson running Eureqa in his office .
2 ) Diagrams of information flow through one of Lipson 's self - repairing robots ( left ) and Eureqa ( right ) .
Eureqa downloads and tutorials .
See Also :
* Brandon Keim 's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points . *
Democrats retreated Tuesday from a quick push to pass President Barack Obama ’s health care overhaul , lacking a workable strategy to salvage the sweeping legislation that has consumed Congress for more than a year .
“ There is no rush , ” Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , said after a meeting of Senate Democrats .
His comments came as two centrists said they would oppose the plan Democratic leaders were considering to reconcile differences between the House and Senate bills and put comprehensive legislation on Obama ’s desk .
ADVERTISEMENT
A week after the loss of a Massachusetts Senate seat — their 60th vote — cost Democrats undisputed control of the congressional agenda , leaders are still casting about for a way forward .
Given the congressional schedule , it could be weeks — late February at the earliest — before they act .
“ There are no easy choices , ” acknowledged House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D - Md , insisting that the goal remains the same : to pass far - reaching legislation that would expand coverage , reduce costs and improve quality .
“ I think right now it ’s a time - out and the leadership is re-evaluating , ” said Sen.
Dianne Feinstein , D - Calif .
“ They ’ve asked us to keep our powder dry . ”
“ I think effectively we ’re going to set health care reform aside , ” said independent Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut .
“ I do n’t think they ’re ready to move now because there ’s no clear path forward . ”
Reid said he ’ll keep talking with House Democrats and White House officials , noting that the Senate - passed bill is good for the year .
ADVERTISEMENT
Two centrist senators threw up a new roadblock .
Sens. Evan Bayh , D - Ind. , and Blanche Lincoln , D - Ark. — both face re-election this year in Republican - leaning states — said they would oppose using a special budget - related procedure to go around Republican opponents in the Senate , a calculated risk sure to inflame critics on the political right .
Even as Bayh and Lincoln made their concerns known , House Democratic leaders were trying to get their rank and file to accept a modified version of the Senate bill .
Rep. Jim Clyburn of South Carolina , the No. 3 Democrat , told reporters he believes the House could pass the Senate bill if lawmakers get rid of special Medicaid deals for Louisiana and Nebraska and dial back a tax on high - cost insurance plans opposed by labor unions .
ADVERTISEMENT
But House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , said it “ depends what the fixes are . ”
Lawmakers hope Obama will help them find their way when the president delivers his State of the Union address Wednesday .
Obama is unlikely to delve into the strategy for passing a health care bill , Hoyer said , but he is expected to stress the importance of getting comprehensive legislation along the lines of what the House and Senate already passed .
ADVERTISEMENT
Democrats now have four options , Hoyer said :
No bill , a scaled - back measure designed to attract some Republican support , the House passing the Senate bill , or the House passing the Senate bill with both chambers making changes to bridge their differences .
Opposition to the health care remake in Washington helped spark the Massachusetts revolt , Democrats acknowledge .
Obama called the monthslong debate on Capitol Hill “ an ugly process . ”
“ It looks like there are a bunch of back - room deals , ” the president said in an interview with ABC News .
ADVERTISEMENT
Of the four options that Hoyer outlined , only one has been ruled out .
Pelosi said last week she does not have the votes to pass the Senate bill without any changes .
Democratic leaders are coalescing around the idea of the House passing the Senate bill , with both chambers agreeing to follow - up legislation that would settle major differences .
The strategy calls for the Senate to use a budget - related procedure — reconciliation_ that requires only 51 votes to advance .
Even so , leaders may not be able to round up the votes .
“ My concern is that if reconciliation is used , that will really destroy any prospects for bipartisan cooperation on anything else for the remainder of this year , ” Bayh said .
“ That would be a regrettable state of affairs , something I think the American public would not react well to . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I will not accept any last - minute efforts to force changes to health insurance reform through budget reconciliation , ” Lincoln said in a statement .
Britain 's military chiefs were suddenly included in top secret US planning for an invasion of Iraq in the months following a private meeting between Tony Blair and President Bush , the Iraq inquiry heard yesterday .
Major - General David Wilson , then Britain 's military adviser at US Central Command in Tampa , Florida , said he was given absolutely no access to war planning on Iraq when he arrived at the facility prior to the leaders ' meeting in April 2002 , saying he " would have been shot " had he attempted to muscle in on the talks .
However , US co-operation changed abruptly two months later .
He said the access was a " defining moment " in the lead - up to war as he was " made privy to planning that had gone on to that point by the US " .
It was at the meeting at the President 's ranch in Crawford , Texas , that George Bush revealed to Mr Blair that military options on an Iraq campaign had already been drawn up .
Earlier Sir Christopher Meyer , Britain 's ambassador to the US at the time , also said that the leaders may have firmed up an agreement on military action during the encounter .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
General Wilson said he believed an order had been made by Donald Rumsfeld , then the US Defence Secretary , to " draw back the curtain " and give Britain access to the planning process on Iraq .
Military chiefs were told of a five - pronged plan drawn up by General Franks , head of US Central Command .
General Wilson said " secure wires ran hot " between London and Tampa as planners within the MoD learned of the strategy .
He then gave a speech to a secret military meeting in the US in August 2002 laying out possible British involvement in a military campaign .
However , he said no decision had been made on committing British troops to any future operation .
He added that he was " never put on the spot " by US military planners about Britain 's willingness to participate in the invasion .
The inquiry was told by another senior military figure that he set up a small " scoping " group within the MoD to look at possible military options for Iraq upon Mr Blair 's return from Crawford .
" My job was to bring options , " said Sir Anthony Pigott , the former Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff .
" There was no talk about plans at that stage . "
General Wilson also attacked US planning for the reconstruction of Iraq , adding that he had warned repeatedly that not enough was being done in preparation for the war 's aftermath .
He said that the Office for Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance , set up to oversee the reconstruction effort , had been unfunded and understaffed .
Meanwhile , Britain 's former ambassador in Baghdad left Gordon Brown with questions to answer after saying that Mr Brown , then the Chancellor , refused to provide extra funds needed in 2006 to restore normality to the city of Basra .
Dominic Asquith said that the Treasury refused requests for an extra £ 13 m to help reconstruction efforts .
Political tensions were so great in the years following the invasion that Iraqi politicians told him that only the heavy presence of international troops stopped the newly formed government in Baghdad from being toppled .
Iraq inquiry :
What we have learnt
* Monday : Nine months before the invasion , Tony Blair asked military chiefs to draw up war plans for Iraq .
Sir David Manning , Mr Blair 's foreign policy adviser , revealed that President Bush and Mr Blair discussed Saddam Hussein and Iraq just three days after the 9/11 terror attacks .
* Tuesday : British reconstruction efforts in Iraq after the 2003 invasion were hampered by funding and staff shortages , senior Foreign Office officials said .
The inquiry heard that the demands of the task outstripped the money provided by the Government .
* Thursday : Admiral Lord Boyce , then the Chief of the Defence Staff , said that Geoff Hoon , then Defence Secretary , blocked him from ordering equipment and mobilising troops for several months because ministers did not want the secret plans to become public .
Data mining is introduced through Rattle in the new book , Data Mining with Rattle and R : The Art of Excavating Data for Knowledge Discovery ( Use R ) , published 2011 by Springer - Verlag ( DOI : 10.1007/978-1-4419-9890-3 ) .
An extended in - progress version of the book ( consisting of early drafts for the chapters published as above ) is freely available as an open source book , The Data Mining Desktop Survival Guide ( ISBN 0-9757109-2-3 )
The books simply explain the otherwise complex algorithms and concepts of data mining , with examples to illustrate each algorithm using the statistical language R.
The book is being written by Dr Graham Williams , based on his 20 years research and consulting experience in machine learning and data mining .
Books on my Bookshelf Include :
A literate , agile , approach to data mining projects means the data miner 's toolbox will include R and LaTeX ( for using Sweave ) .
Other Resources
Using R for Data Mining
The open source statistical programming language R ( based on S ) is in daily use in academia and in business and government .
We use R for data mining within the Australian Taxation Office .
Rattle is used by those wishing to interact with R through a GUI .
R is memory based so that on 32 bit CPUs you are limited to smaller datasets ( perhaps 50,000 up to 100,000 , depending on what you are doing ) .
Deploying R on 64 bit multiple CPU ( AMD64 ) servers running GNU / Linux with 32 GB of main memory provides a powerful platform for data mining .
R is open source , thus providing assurance that there will always be the opportunity to fix and tune things that suit our specific needs , rather than rely on having to convince a vendor to fix or tune their product to suit our needs .
Also , by being open source , we can be sure that the code will always be available , unlike some of the data mining products that have disappearded ( e.g. , IBM 's Intelligent Miner ) .
Open standards are important for users , but vendors resist them for obvious reasons , and would prefer to lock you in to their products .
A number of commercial tools claim support of , for example , the open standard PMML for interoperability ( sharing models between applications ) .
But the support is patchy and not worth the effort .
We have started a PMML effort in R to attempt to address the desire for interoperability .
Specific commercial statistical products are excellent in handling very large datasets .
But they are limited in the analytic algorithms they provide .
Commercial vendors , naturally , need to be convinced of the usefulness of implementing new algorithms .
On the other hand , a vast selection has been available for deployment in R for a long time .
Copyright © 2006 - 2014 Togaware Pty Ltd
This site is hosted in the cloud by Web Faction .
Last Modified 2014-04-09 06:11:23 gjw
( Note :
In some instances the displayed scores are equal for beers of different places .
This is not an error .
Our calculations simply render much greater detail than we can display . )
( The total number of brewers in our contest is over 8700 .
The 100 listed represent the top 1.1 % of all brewers -- the creme de la creme of world brewing ; a greater percentage of the population qualifies as genius for comparison . )
( Santa Rosa , CA ) Nearly 2 and a half million times , RateBeer.com beer reviewers worldwide have raised a glass to review a new beer .
The RateBeer administrators have tallied the scores and presented them in the their annual RateBeer Best competition results .
RateBeer Best was again the largest beer competition in the world -- over 2.47 million reviews of 110,000 beers from over 9680 brewers worldwide were tallied .
A particular emphasis was placed on tastings from the last year 's performance .
Additionally , brewpubs , bottle shops , restaurants and bars around the world were awarded prizes .
Cheers to all the winners and to everyone who keeps the world of craft beer growing as a friendly community devoted to excellence .
RateBeer is now home to the most experienced beer critics in the world with five master beer tasters having over 12,000 documented beer ratings .
That 's a phenomenal feat thought to be impossible even just a few years ago .
Another 3100 RateBeer members have over 100 ratings each .
Despite the majority of reviewers and beers being American , the community is enriched by 90 % of RateBeer 's top 10 raters being from outside the United States .
The depth and breadth of RateBeer 's beer database is unsurpassed .
RateBeer
Best is a beer competition unique in its independence -- the site survives most entirely without support by any brewer or distributor .
Unlike other beer contests , the emphasis was largely placed on tasting commercial samples -- not special batches prepared for festivals .
Additionally , most beers were not tasted in large flights , allowing a more reliable and accurate account of the beer .
Press contact : Joe Tucker , President , RateBeer , LLC .
+1 ( 302 ) 476-2337 .
The best 100 beers in the world as rated by tens of thousands of our worldwide tasters .
All beers listed are gold medal winners
All beers listed are gold medal winners .
All brewers listed are gold medal winners .
All beers listed ; gold , silver and bronze medal winners .
Ratings are by RateBeer representatives living in each country tasting the beers available there .
Only countries with adequate representation are listed below .
California was once the world ’s leading economy .
People came here even during the depression and in the recession after World War II .
In bad times , California ’s economy provided a safe haven , hope , more opportunity than anywhere else .
In good times , California was spectacular .
Its economy was vibrant and growing .
Opportunity was abundant .
Housing was affordable .
The state ’s schools , K through Ph.D. , were the envy of the world .
A family could thrive for generations .
Californians did big things back then .
The Golden State built the world ’s most productive agricultural sector .
It built unprecedented highway systems .
It built universities that nurtured technologies that have changed the way people interact and created entire new industries .
It built a water system on a scale never before attempted .
It built magnificent cities .
California had the audacity to build a subway under San Francisco Bay , one of the world ’s most active earthquake zones .
The Golden State was a fount of opportunities .
Things are different today .
Today , California ’s economy is not vibrant and growing .
Housing is not affordable .
There is little opportunity .
Inequality is increasing .
The state ’s schools , including the once - mighty University of California , are declining .
The agricultural sector is threatened by water shortages and regulation .
Its aging , cracking , highways are unable to handle today ’s demands .
California ’s power system is archaic and expensive .
The entire state infrastructure is out of date , in decline , and unable to meet the demands of a 21st century economy .
Indications of California ’s decline are everywhere .
California ’s share of United States jobs peaked at 11.4 percent in 1990 .
Today , it is down to 10.9 percent .
In this recession , California has been losing jobs at a faster pace than most of the United States .
Domestic migration has been negative in 10 of the past 15 years .
People are leaving California for places like Texas , places with opportunity and affordable family housing .
California ’s economy is declining .
Those of us who live here can all see it .
Yet , Californians do n’t have the will to make the necessary changes .
Like a punch - drunk fighter , sitting helpless in the corner , California is unable to answer the bell for a new round .
Pat Brown ’s California – between 1958 and 1966 – crafted the Master Plan for Higher Education , guaranteeing every Californian the right to a college education , a plan that has served the state very well .
That system is threatened by today ’s budget crisis and may be on the verge of a long - term secular decline .
California was a state where people said yes , a state where businesses could be created , grow , and prosper .
Some of these businesses were run by Democrats , others Republicans but all celebrated a culture of growth and achievement .
Today ’s California is a state where building a home requires charrettes with the neighbors , years in the planning department , architects , engineers , and environmental impact studies – we built the transcontinental railroad in three years , faster than a builder can get a building permit in many California communities .
People here dream of a green future but plan and build nothing .
There ’s big talk about the future , but California now turns more and more of our children away from college , and too many of our least advantaged children do n’t even make it through high school .
Once , California was a political model of enlightened government .
Now it ’s a chaotic place where everyone has a veto on everything ; a state where people say no ; a state where business is wrapped up in bureaucracy and red tape ; a state our children leave , searching for opportunity ; a state with more of a past than a future .
Some things have not changed .
California ’s physical endowment is still wonderful .
The state is blessed with broad oak - studded valleys , incredible deserts , magnificent mountains , hundreds of miles of seashore , and an optimal climate .
California ’s location on the Pacific Rim situates the state to profit from growing international trade with the dynamic Asian economies .
California did n’t change , Californians changed .
Californians have forgotten basics that Pat Brown knew instinctively .
How did California get to this point ?
How did it move from Pat Brown ’s aspirational California to today ’s sad - sack version ?
What did Pat Brown know in 1960 that Californians now forget ?
First thing :
Pat Brown knew that quality of life begins with a job , opportunity , and an affordable home .
Other Californians in Pat Brown ’s time knew that too .
His achievements were n’t his alone .
They were California ’s achievements .
It seems that California has forgotten the fundamentals of quality of life .
Instead , the state has embraced a cynical philosophy of consumption and denial .
The state ’s affluent citizens celebrate their enjoyment of California ’s pleasures while denying access to those less fortunate , denying not only the ticket , but the opportunity to earn the ticket .
At best California offers elaborate social services in place of opportunity .
Today , too many Californians do n’t rely on the local economy for their income .
For them , quality of life has nothing to do with jobs , opportunity , or affordable homes .
Many see the creation of new jobs as bad , something to be avoided .
They see no virtue in opportunity .
They have theirs , after all .
It is their attitude that if someone else needs a job , let them go to Texas ; if people are leaving California , so much the better .
They see someone else ’s opportunity as a threat to them .
Perhaps the upstarts will want a house , which might obstruct their view .
They see economic growth as a zero sum game .
Someone wins .
Someone loses .
This type of thinking is unsustainable .
Opportunity is not a zero sum game .
It may be a cliché , but it is true , that if something is not growing it is dying .
Many of the things that make California the place it is are not part of our natural endowment .
The Yosemite Valley is part of the state ’s natural endowment , but the Ahwahnee Hotel is not .
Monterey , Santa Barbara , San Francisco , the wine countries , and California ’s many other destinations were made possible and built because of economic growth .
Will California add to this impressive list in the 21st century ?
Not likely .
Today , we are not even maintaining our infrastructure .
Infrastructure investment ’s share of California ’s budget has declined for decades .
In Pat Brown ’s day California often spent over 20 percent of its budget on capital items .
Today , that number is less than seven percent .
It shows .
Pat Brown also knew that with California ’s natural endowment , all he had to do was build the public infrastructure and welcome business , business will come .
Too many today act as if they believe that business will come , even without the infrastructure or a welcoming business climate .
Indeed , many Californians – particularly in the leadership in Sacramento – seem to think that business will come no matter how difficult or expensive the state makes doing business in California .
This is just not true .
California needs to embrace opportunity and economic growth .
It is necessary if California is to achieve its potential .
It is necessary if California is to avoid a stagnant future characterized by a bi-modal population of consuming haves and an underclass with little hope or opportunity and few choices , except to leave .
Bill Watkins is a professor at California Lutheran University and runs the Center for Economic Research and Forecasting , which can be found at clucerf.org .
Insurance works if
You have a sufficiently large population of people at risk of some loss .
Otherwise , the insurance company can’t get started , since it ca n’t earn enough in fees to pay off the loss when it happens .
The loss is large enough that most people are unable or unwilling to take a chance on having it happen to them .
Otherwise , most people simply self - insure .
E.g. , most people do not buy insurance for their bikes , because they can afford to buy a new bike if necessary .
The loss occurs unpredictably .
Otherwise , the only people who buy insurance will be those who are likely to suffer the loss , and so the insurance company is forced to charge fees commensurate with the loss , violating clause 2 .
The loss occurs to a sufficiently small percentage of the population .
Otherwise , the insurance company again must charge fees commensurate with the loss .
Health care meets conditions 1 and 2 , but fails to meet conditions 3 and 4 .
As people get old , they predictably require health care .
As people get old , they all require health care .
Therefore , health case is not amenable to an insurance solution .
There is an aspect of health care which is amenable to health insurance : young and healthy people are unlikely to require much health care , but they are vulnerable to catastrophic events ( in the U.S. , typically a car crash or similar major accident ) .
Therefore , there is a valid insurance market in providing catastrophic health coverage for the young and healthy .
This would cover all health care charges after some large deductible .
However , using “ health insurance ” to cover routine care , and using it to provide coverage for people who are old and / or sick , simply is n’t insurance .
What we call health insurance is in effect a tax on the young and healthy to provide health care to the old and sick .
However , it is a very inefficient tax because it is collected by private for - profit companies which have a strong incentive to increase premiums and reduce payouts , and which in turn requires regulation which is paid for directly by taxes .
And , of course , it leads to massive social inequity in that sensible preventative health care — i.e. , routine doctor and dentist visits — is simply not available for poor people .
There is a role for private enterprise in health care , of course .
There is nothing wrong with having private doctors and private hospitals .
But private “ health insurance ” companies really makes no sense .
As an aside , pregnancy raises another set of predictable costs not amenable to an insurance solution .
This argument seems perfectly straightforward to me .
The U.S. only uses private health insurance due to a historical accident : wage freezes in World War II led employers to pay for health care as a benefit to attract workers .
Why are so many in the U.S. fixated on continuing a scheme which almost by definition can not work ?
The bill which recently passed in the house addresses clause 3 above by simply requiring everybody to purchase health insurance .
But it does not address clause 4 .
Since nearly everybody eventually requires substantial amounts of health care , health insurance premiums must be high , or people must find some other way to pay for their health care .
That “ other way ” winds up being Medicare , which is funded by taxes .
So how does health insurance help ?
And then there is Medicaid .
As long as we are not willing to let people simply die in the streets , poor people without health insurance will get their health care from emergency rooms , where it is vastly more expensive .
We all pay for that through our taxes .
Getting rid of the tax imposed by private health insurance companies , and paying directly for routine medical care for the poor , will actually reduce our overall tax burden .
If we could strike the word “ insurance ” from all discussion of health care in the U.S. , I think our long - term health care needs would be much better met .
Unfortunately , the health insurance lobby is large and powerful .
Object 3D reconstruction with texture mapping
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Constructing virtual 3D models usually requires heavy and expensive equipment , or takes lengthy amounts of time .
A group of researchers at the University of Cambridge , Qi Pan , Dr Gerhard Reitmayr and Dr Tom Drummond have created a program able to build 3D models of textured objects in real - time , using only a standard computer and webcam .
This allows 3D modeling to become accessible to everybody .
Qi , Gerhard and Tom presented the system at the 20th British Machine Vision Conference ( BMVC'09 ) , in London .
During the last few years , many methods have been developed to build a realistic 3D model of a real object .
Various equipment has been used : 2D /3D laser , ( in visible spectrum or other wave lengths ) , scanner , projector , camera , etc .
These pieces of equipment are usually expensive , complicated to use or inconvenient and the model is not built in real - time .
The data ( for example laser information or photos ) must first be acquired , before going through the lengthy reconstruction process to form the model .
If the 3D reconstruction is unsatisfactory , then the data must be acquired again .
The method proposed by Qi and his colleagues needs only a simple webcam .
The object is moved about in front of the webcam and the software can reconstruct the object " on-line " while collecting live video .
The system uses points detected on the object to estimate object structure from the motion of the camera or the object , and then computes the Delaunay tetrahedralisation of the points ( the extension of the 2D Delaunay triangulation to 3D ) .
The points are recorded in a mesh of tetrahedra , within which is embedded the surface mesh of the object .
Left to right ( a ) Object rotated by hand in front of camera .
( b) Point cloud obtained from on - line structure from motion estimation followed by bundle adjustment .
( c ) Delaunay Tetrahedralisation of point cloud , partitioning the convex hull into tetrahedra .
( d) Carved mesh obtained from recursive probabilisitic tetrahedron carving .
( e ) Texture - mapped surface mesh .
The software can then tidy up the final reconstruction by taking out the invalid tetrahedra to obtain the surface mesh based on a probabilistic carving algorithm , and the object texture is applied to the 3D mesh in order to obtain a realistic model .
Thanks to this simple and cheap system , 3D reconstruction can become accessible to everybody .
The project won " Best Demo Prize " at a conference called ISMAR 2009 ( International Symposium of Mixed and Augmented Reality ) .
Provided by University of Cambridge ( news : web )
The Russian Ministry of Finance has invited roughly 20 investment banks to make pitches for the " golden " mandate to lead the country 's first international bond sale in more than a decade .
The request for proposals was sent out last month by the Ministry of Finance .
A decision on which banks will pilot the issue is expected as early as this month , according to senior debt bankers .
Russia's ...
Network 's ' investigative correspondent ' used ' electronic means ' to connect with terrorists ...
Brad Friedman Byon
11/11/2009 , 11:04 am PT
How many times does he have to get these stories wrong before ABC News cans their hapless and constantly wrong " investigative correspondent " Brian Ross ?
We suspect he 'll be allowed to keep screwing up , again and again and again , so long as his screw - ups result in lots of media attention .
Little wonder
Ross is one of the only broadcast network news stooges invited on Bill O'Reilly 's show , again and again and again .
Gawker 's John Cook takes apart Ross ' big " scoop " yesterday , which swept both the wingnut and non-wingnut media alike --- cooking up the alleged Fort Hood shooter Army Major Nidal Malik " Hasan 's Contacts with al Qaeda " .
Those " contacts with al Qaeda " ?
Um , not so much , as Cook details .
Turns out that Hasan 's " attempt to reach out to al Qaeda " were , in actuality , three emails sent to the imam of the mosque that Hasan attended in Virginia in 2001 , back when two of the 9/11 hijackers , reportedly , also attended the same mosque .
The cleric , Anwar al - Awlaki , has since moved to Yemen where he has reportedly spoken out in favor of al - Qaeda .
The emails sent to him by Hasan ?
Whatever they were about , Ross does n't know , and the FBI , who reportedly did know , apparently did n't find they warranted any action be taken .
Oh , and the " people " connected to al - Qaeda who Hasan allegedly " attempt[ed ] to reach out to " ?
Ross now admits there was just one --- singular , not plural --- and it was al - Awlaki .
Here 's our favorite passage from Cook 's excellent evisceration of Ross ' yet - again irresponsible coverage , proving ( by ABC News ' own standards ) that Ross himself may well be an al - Qaeda terrorist !...
But without knowing what the e-mails are about , can it really be known that Hasan 's communications were " attempts to reach out " ?
The FBI did n't consider them as such .
Ross did n't know the contents of the e-mails when he described them that way , but felt perfectly justified in doing so based solely on the knowledge that Hasan had sent the e-mails .
We asked Ross if he had tried to contact Al - Awlaki in reporting the story : " Yes . "
So you reached out to al Qaeda , then ?
" To al Qaeda ?
No. I reached out to him .
Oh.
I see what you 're saying . "
The sub - header to Ross ' story , by the way --- which the sub - header to this article is meant to mirror --- is " Army Major in Fort Hood Massacre Used ' Electronic Means ' to Connect with Terrorists " .
Ross , it must be noted , is also the one who similarly stirred up the wingnuts and non-wingnuts alike with his completely incorrect report that the 2001 anthrax attacks --- terrorist attacks on American soil , after 9/11 , which killed four people , despite widespread , deluded , misinformed wingnut amnesia --- were tied to Iraq .
Ross reported at the time , during the build - up to a war in Iraq based wholly on similar lies , that the strain of anthrax used in those attacks , according to " four well - placed and separate sources , " contained a " potent additive ... known to have been used by only one country in producing biochemical weapons - Iraq . "
He was wrong .
His unnamed sources for that report , likely the same unnamed sources he used for his cooked up " Hasan 's Contacts with al Qaeda " report , were wrong then and he 's never either bothered to retract the story , or named the " unnamed sources " who misled him , to our knowledge .
Glen Greenwald appropriately took both Ross and ABC News apart last year for that incredibly irresponsible and inaccurate report , as the media , in the summer of 2008 , was similarly misreporting the facts behind the suicide of the FBI 's dubiously alleged anthrax killer , U.S. scientist Bruce E. Ivins .
As Cook notes , in describing a litany of stories which Ross has also gotten wrong :
His problem , as we 've said before , is that he has shitty sources .
And he just repeats what they tell him .
Which is how you get from " Hasan sent e-mails to his former imam , who now preaches in support of Al Qaeda .
We do n't know what the e-mails were about , but they did n't raise alarms at the FBI " to " Hasan tried to make contact with people associated with al Qaeda " to the headline 's blunt , and thoroughly unsupported , reference to " Hasan 's Contacts with al Qaeda . "
Please go read John Cook 's full report and help spread the word about it before conventional wisdom fully sets in , despite the fact that it likely already has , thanks once again to ABC News and their atrocious , continuing --- though profitable --- embarrassment , Brian Ross .
I ’m generally not a fan of wildly speculating about products that do n’t officially exist .
So for the most part , I ’ve tried to refrain from pontificating about Apple ’s rumored tablet computer .
But now that Apple ’s officially announced ... an announcement , and it appears all but certain that some sort of tablet - like device will be revealed at that event , it 's time to get my keyboard warmed up .
Where to start ?
I ’ve heard and read scores of predictions about this new device ’s hardware specs , which OS and apps it will run , and what type of touchscreen interface it will use , but the most interesting conjecture , to me , has been about the product ’s name .
( I 'm apparently not alone ; at least one online bookie has opened lines on various names . )
Perhaps it ’s because Apple ’s product names are such a part of our technological culture : Mac , iMac , iPod , iPhone , and MacBook have all become everyday words ; the same ca n’t be said about the names of products from many other companies .
Or maybe it ’s because few companies generate fierce debate simply by the choice of a product name — remember when “ MacBook ” replaced “ PowerBook ” ?
Whatever the reason , I ’ve found myself more curious about what Apple ’s going to call this rumored new product than about the size of its screen .
In that spirit , here ’s a quick look at what I think are the most - likely names for Apple ’s new tablet - like computing device — assuming it exists , of course — along with the pros and cons for each .
I also threw in the biggest speculation - inducing tidbit for each .
Tablet
“ Apple Tablet ” is the way most of the media have referred to Apple ’s rumored device .
But will it stick as an actual product name ?
Pros :
It ’s simple , descriptive , memorable , and apt .
: It ’s simple , descriptive , memorable , and apt .
Cons : Microsoft introduced the term Tablet PC nearly 10 years ago .
Tablets have n't done well ( to put it kindly ) in the computing market , so Apple will probably steer clear of the word .
: Microsoft introduced the term Tablet PC nearly 10 years ago .
Tablets have n't done well ( to put it kindly ) in the computing market , so Apple will probably steer clear of the word .
Biggest speculation - inducing tidbit : Thousands of tech sites for months using “ tablet ” as the generic way to say “ We do n’t know what it is or what it ’s called . ”
iSlate
My gut tells me there ’s no way this one will fly , despite it being the most common alternative to “ Tablet ” I ’ve seen .
i Pad
I like the similarity to iPod , but something about this name makes me cringe a little .
Pros :
It ’s a simple , tablet - inspired play on the known - everywhere - in - the - world iPod name .
“ Pad ” would be a good brand for a tablet - style device that lets you record and explore your creative ideas .
: It ’s a simple , tablet - inspired play on the known - everywhere - in - the - world iPod name .
“ Pad ” would be a good brand for a tablet - style device that lets you record and explore your creative ideas .
Cons :
It ’s close enough to “ iPod ” that it might cause confusion .
MadTV already parodied the name as a feminine - hygiene product .
To some people , anything with “ pad ” in the name sounds like a game device .
: It ’s close enough to “ iPod ” that it might cause confusion .
MadTV already parodied the name as a feminine - hygiene product .
To some people , anything with “ pad ” in the name sounds like a game device .
Biggest speculation - inducing tidbit : Apple has been trying to wrest the iPad trademark from Fujitsu and has allegedly filed trademark applications in other countries under various company names .
Canvas
This late entry has been building steam around the Web .
( Well , as much steam as can be generated by speculation among people like me who have nothing to do with a yet - to - be - announced product . )
Pros :
Invokes images of a large surface for creative endeavors and expression .
: Invokes images of a large surface for creative endeavors and expression .
Cons : Canvas ( the material ) is so not high - tech .
Connotations might be too artsy .
: Canvas ( the material ) is so not high - tech .
Connotations might be too artsy .
Biggest speculation - inducing tidbit : Gruber likes it ?
Also , Apple ’s event invitation was essentially a canvas .
Palette
I have n’t seen many mentions of this name around the Web , but it ’s similar to Canvas and has some apt associations .
Pros : Like Canvas , it has creative connotations , but with a tech twist : it ’s also the name for a small window containing essential tools and information — appropriate if Apple ’s new device is designed to complement a traditional computer , rather than replace it .
: Like Canvas , it has creative connotations , but with a tech twist : it ’s also the name for a small window containing essential tools and information — appropriate if Apple ’s new device is designed to complement a traditional computer , rather than replace it .
Cons : “ Palette ” feels a bit too inconsequential — in both art and computing , it ’s more of an accessory to something else than a meaningful thing on its own .
: “ Palette ” feels a bit too inconsequential — in both art and computing , it ’s more of an accessory to something else than a meaningful thing on its own .
Biggest speculation - inducing tidbit :
The aforementioned event invitation also looks a bit like a palette .
i Pod [ something ]
Jason Snell mentioned this one last week , and it ’s certainly a path Apple could take considering that some think the device will in many ways be a sort of super - sized iPod touch .
Pros :
The “ iPod [ model ] ” series of names is one of the most recognizable and popular brands in the world .
Combining iPod with one of the names above — for example , iPod tablet or iPod canvas — would n’t be a horrible way to go .
: The “ iPod [ model ] ” series of names is one of the most recognizable and popular brands in the world .
Combining iPod with one of the names above — for example , iPod tablet or iPod canvas — would n’t be a horrible way to go .
Cons :
The iPod touch notwithstanding , many people associate “ iPod ” with media playback rather than more - flexible computing devices .
Would make the device just another member of the iPod product line , instead of creating a new and unique line .
The iPod line has been around for nearly a decade ; I ’m guessing Apple sees this new device as part of the future of computing .
: The iPod touch notwithstanding , many people associate “ iPod ” with media playback rather than more - flexible computing devices .
Would make the device just another member of the iPod product line , instead of creating a new and unique line .
The iPod line has been around for nearly a decade ; I ’m guessing Apple sees this new device as part of the future of computing .
Biggest speculation - inducing tidbit :
The fact that the iPod touch is officially an iPod , despite running iPhone OS and being more of handheld computer than a media player .
iBook
This is the dark horse , but one I mused about some time ago when some were claiming Apple would use “ MacBook ” as the device ’s name ; Jason Snell likes it , too .
Pros :
It ’s a great name that combines e-reading with the multimedia and communication focus of Apple ’s “ i ” devices .
It ’s well - known , but it ’s been dormant long enough that it 's feasible Apple could pull it out of retirement .
: It ’s a great name that combines e-reading with the multimedia and communication focus of Apple ’s “ i ” devices .
It ’s well - known , but it ’s been dormant long enough that it 's feasible Apple could pull it out of retirement .
Cons :
It used to be Apple ’s name for a traditional laptop .
It might focus attention on the device ’s ebook - reading features at the expense of its other capabilities .
Ads for “ Apple iBook , like new ! ” would cause mass confusion and frustration on ebay and Craigslist .
: It used to be Apple ’s name for a traditional laptop .
It might focus attention on the device ’s ebook - reading features at the expense of its other capabilities .
Ads for “ Apple iBook , like new ! ” would cause mass confusion and frustration on ebay and Craigslist .
Biggest speculation - inducing tidbit :
The most economical choice , as Apple already has the trademark and lots of old posters , T - shirts , and ad copy that could be recycled .
Got your own favorite name ?
Tell us about it , and why you like it , in the comments .
And while small farmers like Mr. de Souza are pinning their hopes on the law , many larger - scale land holders say they have sacrificed too much blood and sweat for bureaucrats in Brasília , the capital , to force new rules upon them .
“ Everything we have today was built from our own desire to work , ” said Jorgiano Alves de Oliveira , 68 , who raises cattle and grows cocoa on about 600 acres .
The problem began with the military dictatorship in the 1960s and 1970s , which invited settlers to occupy the Amazon but required them to clear forests to gain access to land and credit .
Image Raimundo Teixeira de Souza held the residents ’ card of his stepson who was killed , probably in a land dispute .
Credit ... André Vieira for The New York Times
Growing criticism of Brazil ’s Amazon policies pushed the civilian government of the 1980s to develop laws that , on paper at least , were among the world ’s most protective of forests .
But with scant presence of authorities to enforce them , the laws did little to stop the widespread grabbing of land .
“ This chaos of legal insecurity was the most important basis for the perverse incentives in the Amazon to pillage rather than to preserve or to develop , and constant incitement to violence , ” said Roberto Mangabeira Unger , the former minister for strategic affairs who helped develop the new land law .
Under the law , which applies to more than 150 million acres , the government will award plots up to 250 acres free to settlers .
Bigger plots will be sold at varying prices , with or without public auctions , depending on their size .
Those larger than about 6,000 acres cannot be sold without an explicit act of Congress .
So far , settlers have registered about 4 percent of the land singled out under the law , according to government officials .
Microsoft is using a widely publicized flaw in Internet Explorer as a way to push users to upgrade both their browsers and operating systems .
On its Security Research & Defense blog , Microsoft explains that while IE7 and IE8 on Windows Vista and Windows 7 both include the flawed code that was exploited in the recent Chinese attacks on Google , the publicly published exploit code only works against IE6 on Windows 2000 and Windows XP .
So the company is urging users to think about upgrading their version of IE , or even their OS ( which also results in a newer version of IE ) .
" As you can see , the client configuration currently at risk is Windows XP running IE6 , " the blog post reads .
" We recommend users of IE6 on Windows XP upgrade to a new version of Internet Explorer and / or enable DEP .
Users of other platforms are at reduced risk .
We also recommend users of Windows XP upgrade to newer versions of Windows . "
Microsoft 's relationship with IE6 and XP is complicated .
On the one hand , the company refuses to drop support for IE6 and wo n't force users to upgrade away from it , and it still makes sure to offer businesses add - ons like Windows XP Mode as well as MED -V .
On the other hand , the software giant runs mini campaigns and pushes for users to upgrade away from the ancient applications , usually citing security .
Still , this is the first time we 've seen Microsoft actually recommend users upgrade because of a specific flaw , and not just away from IE6 but away from Windows XP completely .
Microsoft does n't say that newer versions of Internet Explorer and later Windows releases are invulnerable to the flaw , but it does explain that they have " reduced risk to the exploit " due to platform mitigations such as IE Protected Mode and Data Execution Prevention .
The company first explained these mitigations last week when it admitted that its own investigations into the highly organized hacking attack in late December had concluded that a Remote Code Execution vulnerability in IE was used by the perpetrators .
That vulnerability is triggered by an attacker using JavaScript to copy , release , and then later reference a specific Document Object Model element ; attack code may be executed if it is successfully placed in a random location of freed memory .
Microsoft has yet to issue a patch .
I always thought Riker was into hot chicks , apparently I was wrong .
It ’s also possible that the ladies on the Enterprise simply weren ’tÂ trampy enough for him .
Weekend Links :
5 Ways To Avoid Sexual Boredom – Ask Men
Hooters Girls Invade Aspen , fap – COED Magazine
30 “ do not want ” pics – Knuckles United
Coco on the beach video – Drunken Stepfather
The 2010 Star Wars Edition Adidas Shoes – Fork Party
I found my dream job !
– Tasty Booze
Bonus Vid : Riker spits more game than Fisher Price and Milton Bradley combined .
Source YTMND & CreepyGIF
Tribune Company , which declared bankruptcy in December 2008 , just got official permission to shell out $ 45 million in bonuses .
A Delaware judge approved the bonuses for 720 of the company 's top managers and executives who work for their daily newspapers including the Los Angeles Times , Chicago Tribune , The Baltimore Sun .
The Washington - Baltimore Newspaper Guild and the U.S. bankruptcy trustee objected to the payouts , Editor & Publisher reports .
Tribune planned on giving out three separate bonus last year , in hopes of retaining a knowledgeable and experienced management team while the industry struggled .
It worked , until it came time for the company to pay up .
The Washington - Baltimore Newspaper Guild , the U.S. trustee , two Baltimore - based Teamsters locals , and the Newspaper Guild of New York challenged the validity of the checks .
" There has never been an MIP like this one : an unprecedented payout of millions of dollars to a smaller number of executives in a year in which employee salaries were frozen to ' share the sacrifice ' and there was an historic low in operating cash flow , " the union wrote in a letter .
But Delaware bankruptcy judge Kevin Carey ruled that the bonuses are warranted .
" Here , the evidence demonstrates that the debtor was performing well relative to its competitors ...
I conclude that the relief requested is justified by the facts and circumstances of the case . "
But there might be a catch for the Tribune :
Editor &Publisher : Tribune 's plan to pay out as much as $ 45.6 million in bonuses would drain more than 10 % of operating cash flow to reward top managers for a year in which cash flow fell to historic lows , attorneys for the Washington - Baltimore Newspaper Guild said in court documents filed a day before the hearing .
Read more :
Bankruptcy Judge Set To Give Tribune Co. Executives $ 45 Million in Bonuses
First , watch the below video .
Note Senator Bunning 's agreement with Zero Hedge on who the proposed head of the Fed should be ( i.e. , John Taylor ) .
But that 's irrelevant .
What is - at 5:40 Bunning says that " Geithner will be fired by the President for his inability to handle his job as Secretary of the Treasury . "
True .
What is even more relevant , and hints at a potential smoking gun , begins at 8:00 " [ Bernanke 's ] staff did not agree with him [ on bailing out AIG ] ... I am talking about an email that he sent his staff , after his staff recommended that the Federal Reserve not touch AIG , just like Lehman Brothers . "
Ok fine , so Bernanke steamrolled opposition : that 's nothing new - whoever thought the Fed is any more democratic than the country it is supposed to serve , surely is naive .
Here is HuffPo's Ryan Grim on the matter :
A Republican senator said Tuesday that documents showing Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernake covered up the fact that his staff recommended he not bailout AIG are being kept from the public .
And a House Republican charged that a whistleblower had alerted Congress to specific documents provide " troubling details " of Bernanke 's role in the AIG bailout .
Sen. Jim Bunning ( R - Ky. ) , a Bernanke critic , said on CNBC that he has seen documents showing that Bernanke overruled such a recommendation .
If that 's the case , it raises questions about whether bailing out AIG was actually necessary , and what Bernanke 's motives were .
And as we type , Harry Reid has noted that he wants to get a reconfirmation vote on Bernanke on Thursday - presumably before all the rot that will soon be uncovered about yet another Bernanke fiasco is made public .
Hopefully the man who owns roughly $ 3 million in commercial real estate and is thus a direct beneficiary of a Bernanke reconfirmation , has done his math on senatorial support .
A key question however is : should n't the debt ceiling issue be resolved first - after all the fact that our national debt " ceiling " is nothing but a joke these days , is a direct consequence of Fed policies to pile bail out upon bail out .
It also leaves the question open of what additional information has to still be presented .
Back to HuffPo :
Senators will be voting on Bernanke 's confirmation for a second term in the coming days .
But only senators on the Banking Committee have had access to documents that illuminate just what decisions he made and how he made them .
And that access only came after Bunning publicly complained that Dodd and Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) were the only members of the committee could see them .
Darrell Issa identifies the specific documents that need to be disclosed ( see below ) and has requested from Edolphus Towns that these be made public , as the " Board 's staff did not return calls " in an attempt to procure these documents directly .
The take home message : the Fed has finally produced a whistleblower .
Could this be the catalytic event that brings the house of cards down .
One only wonders at this point how deep the rabbit hole runs : if one declassified document confirms that recent testimonies by various bankers and Head of Treasury Departments may have bordered on perjury , one can only imagine the impact of not only the 250,000 pages of AIG docs already in Commission possession are released for crowdsourced analysis , but also what would happen if there is finally disclosure around the second bailout of AIG in February of 2009 , which as we have repeatedly noted , was an even closer call for AIG bankruptcy than before .
Oddly , with Goldman having no more risk exposure to AIG whatsoever then , courtesy of ML III , the insurer was still not allowed to fail .
The question remains - why ?
( CNN ) -- Human remains found buried under recently added concrete at a home in Plant City , Florida , are likely those of missing lottery millionaire Abraham Shakespeare , police said Thursday .
Deputies made the discovery after a tip came in , suggesting investigators would find a body near a home in Plant City , according to CNN affiliate WFTV .
Hillsborough County Sheriff David
Gee said the body was slowly being uncovered .
They are awaiting positive identification .
However , Gee said their investigation and information specifically led them to the area after they began to believe he might be dead because of " sinister means and motives . "
" Our indications were it would be there , " Gee said during a news conference Thursday night .
Police on Wednesday had scanned the newly finished concrete slabs near the home on Wednesday and removed it .
On Thursday , Gee said they discovered the remains buried five feet below the surface , and it appeared the remains had been there for awhile .
Shakespeare , a 43 - year - old truck driver , won a $ 31 million Florida lottery prize in 2006 .
A year later , he won a court challenge from a fellow trucker who accused Shakespeare of snatching the winning ticket out of his wallet while the two were delivering meat to Miami restaurants .
Shakespeare 's family reported him missing on November 9 , telling the Polk County sheriff 's office they had n't seen him since April .
Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said when their investigation began , they had hoped to find Shakespeare alive " and he truly had just wanted to hide from those who were asking him for money . "
" As our investigation continued , the information we developed led us to believe he may very well have ended up with an untimely death , " Judd said .
Both Judd and Gee said they would not comment on whether anything else was found inside the manmade grave , or whether a previous person of interest was connected to the area .
The home , according to WFTV , belongs to the boyfriend of a person of interest in the disappearance of Shakespeare .
While they await identification of the remains , police said they would begin to shift their focus to a murder investigation .
" It 's painfully obvious he did n't get there by himself , " Judd said .
Gee said police from Polk and Hillsborough counties were already working with prosecutors on the case and hope to bring to justice the person responsible for what they believe is clearly cold - blooded murder .
" Somebody put that body in that hole , " Gee said .
" This is n't by any means just where we find someone on the side of the road .
Somebody has obviously put him there . "
The French website Nowhereelse.fr has obtained what it suggests may be a video of the long - rumored Apple tablet :
Interestingly , the video shows the tablet - which is about the same size as countless rumors have suggested - being used not for reading a fancy sports mag or playing flicks , but instead shopping for furniture and kitchen cabinets .
Also of amusement - and possibly a bit of French whimsy - is an item on the desk behind the alleged tablet demo : a sheet of paper with images of Apple 's ill - fated Newton MessagePad ( model uncertain ) and eMate 300 .
Très amusant !
Since our French is worse than rusty , we turned to the ever - amusing Google translator for help , which converted the conclusion of the site 's Gallic musings to " this video is a beautiful but pure assembly or an authentic first glimpse of the famous tablet , I WANT THE SHELF ! "
Do n't we all , mon ami , do n't we all . ®
William Wayne Justice , a federal district judge who ruled on ground - breaking class - action suits that compelled Texas to integrate schools , reform prisons , educate illegal immigrants and revamp many other policies , died Tuesday in Austin .
He was 89 .
Luz Probus , his judicial assistant , confirmed the death .
Judge Justice had presided over cases in Austin until shortly before his death , having taken senior status there in 1998 .
Judge Justice was a small - town lawyer active in Democratic Party politics when President Lyndon B. Johnson appointed him to the federal bench of the Eastern District of Texas in 1968 .
Sitting in Tyler , Tex. , he came to be called the most powerful man in Texas by those who agreed with his largely liberal decisions and the most hated by those who differed .
In a 1998 column in The Fort Worth Star - Telegram , Molly Ivins made what she called the “ painfully obvious point ” that Judge Justice had lived up to his name , saying he “ brought the United States Constitution to Texas . ”
Two off - duty Los Angeles Police Department officers were arrested for allegedly attacking and pistol - whipping a man in Whittier on Tuesday night .
In a separate incident , an off - duty Los Angeles County sheriff ’s deputy got into a fight in Highland Park and suffered wounds , while her foe was shot by a relative of the deputy , authorities said .
LAPD Officer Brandon Valdez , 29 , and LAPD Officer Patrick Fitzgerald , 38 , were arrested Tuesday night by Whittier police on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon after the victim was hospitalized with head trauma .
The elite LAPD Metro Division officers , who have been with the department since 2002 , were immediately placed on administrative leave .
“ The victim suffered serious injuries to his head as a result of assault , ” Whittier Officer Mike Dekowski said .
The 31 - year - old man was treated at a hospital and released .
Advertisement
Reached by phone , Valdez , who along with Fitzgerald was released on $ 30,000 bail , declined to comment .
The incident began when Valdez got into an argument with his girlfriend about 8 p.m. Tuesday outside a Panera Bread restaurant in the 15600 block of Whittwood Lane , according to Dekowski .
Witnesses told police that the officer took issue with a bystander who was watching the altercation while talking on his cellphone , and struck the bystander in the face .
A fight ensued , during which Valdez “ pulled out a handgun and began hitting the victim in the head , ” police said .
The 31 - year - old victim was able to break free , but both off - duty officers chased him and tackled him , and continued to attack , police said .
The victim escaped by running into a nearby store just as Whittier police took the LAPD officers into custody .
Authorities believe the LAPD officers may have been drinking before the incident .
Advertisement
Valdez was featured prominently in a November 2007
Times front page story on the work of gang beat officers in South Los Angeles .
Valdez displayed a mild manner and polite personality , even as he stopped and quizzed gang members .
Valdez also saw combat in Iraq in 2004 as a Marine reservist in Ramadi .
He returned to the U.S. after being wounded by a roadside bomb .
In the second off - duty incident , which occurred about 1:20 a.m. Wednesday at Figueroa Street and Avenue 60 , an unidentified female sheriff ’s deputy and another woman began fighting outside a cocktail bar .
The 29 - year - old deputy was cut with a sharp object , while her 25 - year - old opponent was shot with a handgun .
A relative of the deputy , Taylor Olivarez , 20 , was booked on charges of attempted murder , police said .
A handgun belonging to the deputy was recovered at the scene .
Advertisement
richard.winton@latimes.com
hector.becerra@latimes.com
If the Hanger Tea were to be submitted as an entry to tea - packaging - awards ( if such a thing existed ) , I say it would win hands down !
I ca n’t think of a better or more obvious way to pack teabags than this hanger & T - shirt design .
It ’s a funny take on how the simple motion of hanging a used teabag on the rim of your cup , be done .
Color - coded for different varieties , the hangers are rather cute and so are the tea-shirts !
Designer : Soon Mo Kang
Pin Share Flip WhatsApp Pocket 27.5K Shares
One of the most interesting aspects of “ Avatar , ’’ both as movie and phenomenon , is that you do n’t really get it until you go .
To appreciate what James Cameron hath wrought , you have to step into the movie ’s lush 3 - D world the way black - and - white Dorothy opened the door to a Technicolor Oz .
The movie brings us one step closer to what has long been the holy grail of our pop culture industrial complex : Fully immersive mass - appeal dreamworlds .
So what happens to reality when the fantasy outpaces it ?
You remember reality , do n’t you ?
The place we live when we do n’t have our heads stuck in a TV screen or a cellphone or a Wii or an iTouch or a computer screen or any of the hundreds of digital interfaces we encounter every day ?
This is not an idle question .
The week after “ Avatar ’ ’ opened , I received an e-mail from a reader who was thunderstruck by the film .
His reaction is probably shared by many :
I am a 20 - year - old male , who lives a normal life in this normal world .
But after seeing so many movies that have awed me , this one just has done something I ca n’t explain .
The non-realistic nature of it makes me want to live it , to actually go to the wonderful place that I have seen in the film .
To take my normal , unsatisfying life and transform it into that of which cannot be .
It burns so much that once I returned home from the theater it brought tears to my eyes . . .
Hopefully one day we will have technology to go into such a world of beauty and amazement .
This letter both moves and frightens me .
What I hear between its lines is that we ’ve become so adept at building fantasy worlds that waking life has become a burden - a gray limbo to which we resentfully return , sharing it as we do with ugly headlines , unpleasant bosses , and all those other people who , sadly , are n’t us .
Why bother returning at all , when the entertainment omniverse is at our fingertips 24/7 ?
Why jack out when the movies will be offering total immersion playing to all of us individually , when 3 - D will be arriving on the family TV within a few years ?
Now that screens are everywhere - on phones , in restaurants , in cabs , in public bathrooms - we do n’t have to think about realities beyond our control .
We do n’t have to think at all .
When my e-mail correspondent speaks of coming “ technological worlds of beauty and amazement ’’
I find myself picturing the Matrix and the atrophied human jellybags of “ WALL-E .
For some reason , I ’m reminded of the anecdote about Sir Alec Guinness in the years following “ Star Wars , ’’ when he encountered a young boy who claimed to have seen the movie dozens of times and worshiped at the very feet of Obi-Wan Kenobi .
Sir Alec leaned down to the boy and said , “ You must promise me one thing . ’’
“ Yes ?
Yes ? ’’
“ Promise me you will never , ever watch that movie again . ’’
Tears , recriminations , curses from the kid ’s mother .
Guinness was right , though .
Our entertainment wonderworlds are a diversion for some , a hugely profitable industry for others , and for many an addictive replacement for actually living one ’s life .
What ’s depressing is how masturbatory and lonely so many of these experiences are , playing for our sole amazement while keeping other humans at bay .
( And , no , online gaming does n’t count ; it just re-factors other humans as a wild - card element of the fantasy . )
The movies , of course , are still a place for mass voyeurism , where a group response is part of the thrill .
We get to hold hands in the dark , whisper to each other , compare notes afterward .
That communality is fading fast , though .
If the 3 - D glasses partially cut you off from the person with whom you came to “ Avatar , ’’ imagine what the holo - helmets will do in 15 years .
I realize these are hypocritical words coming from a man who watches movies for a living and who at this moment is ignoring the perfectly lovely snowfall outside his window and his wife in the next room to stare at a computer screen .
But the words of my correspondent gall and sorrow me : “ To take my normal , unsatisfying life and transform it into that of which can not be . ’’
Oh dear .
Who said our lives had to be normal or unsatisfying , or that one had to mean the other ?
Why not transform it into something that satisfies you , not the bottom line of an entertainment corporation ?
We get , what , 70 to 80 years on this planet at best ?
Why waste it on another man ’s pixels ?
Why not take off the glasses and have a look around ?
It ’s real 3 - D out there and it ’s amazing .
Ty Burr can be reached at tburr@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Rachel Maddow wins my semi-famous " Do n't Sugarcoat It " award for her talented muckraking in this segment .
It 's becoming abundantly clear to everyone in the left - wing activist community that without loophole - free campaign finance reform we are unlikely to change anything in Washington lobby / legislator love - fest .
With an assist from blogger David Sirota , Maddow exposes the business lobby that would attempt to hide their desire to continue to import products made from child , slave , and prison labor .
Given the American public 's unending appetite for cheap plastic junk , it 's easy to see why those profiting from that hunger would want their gravy train to continue .
Sadly , Maddow must remind us , all of us , that , um , slavery is wrong , even when it occurs across the oceans .
Transcript from here .
... as Republicans and conservative Democrats in Congress start lining up with corporate America and against new regulations now , consider the alliance that they are making .
Populist columnist David Sirota today made this catch from the business newsletter “ Inside U.S. Trade . ”
This is a D.C. - based publication on trade issues .
It ‘s especially for people in international business .
What else are business groups worried about and lobbying against other than the new Wall Street regulations ?
I would n‘t believe this if I had not seen it for myself .
But check this out , quote , “ Business groups are worried by the potential effects of provisions banning the import of all goods made with convict labor , forced labor or forced or indentured child labor that were included in a recent customs bill .
American business groups are concerned , upset . ” “ Worried ” was the actual phrase , worried about laws against using slaves and child labor .
Quote , “ Business sources say the bill could cause DHS to more actively seek out imported products made with child labor , forced labor or convict labor . ”
Oh , no .
How will the corporations save themselves from that onerous rule that you can‘t use slaves and prisoners and children to make your products if you want to sell that product in the United States ?
Darn that liberal red tape .
Quote , “ Sources conceded that this was a sensitive issue because industry groups do not want to be seen as opposing strict measures guarding against human rights abuses .
However , one source did expect a push from lobbyists closer to the finance committee mark - up of the bill . ”
Wow .
I ‘m guessing that business interests are OK with something like this being discussed in a subscriber - only industry newsletter publication like “ Inside U.S. Trade . ”
I ‘m guessing they might not want to let it become widely known that they are lobbying to stop rules against slavery .
But actually , you never know .
The Heritage Foundation is a conservative think - tank that is very high profile in Washington and that maintains all sorts of Web sites and educational public venues to promote their ideas .
And on the Heritage Foundation ‘s “ Overcriminalized ” blog , the Heritage Foundation , too , singles out the Child Labor Safety Act , which levies fines and jail time for companies using child labor as an example of what they call “ trivial conduct that is now often punished as a crime . ”
I mean honestly , “ Kids these days .
In my day , you would be delighted to be chained to the loom for a few pennies a day . ”
For the record , the Heritage Foundation also singles out Neil Abercrombie ‘s bill against war profiteering as another example of making something trivial into a criminal matter .
Business interests and their think - tank friends on the right have every right to lobby on anything they want to .
Think that Wall Street , despite almost destroying the whole economy of the United States should be left to its own devices again ?
Go ahead , make your case .
I would love to hear it .
You think that child labor and slave labor and forced convict labor are cheap and therefore cool with you ?
Go ahead , make your case .
I would love to hear it .
But unless you ‘re going to make your case for things like that in total secrecy , know that the case against you is there to be made , too and that that will apply to any member of Congress who sides with you as well , you child labor - endorsing , pro-slavery freaks .
London , England ( CNN ) -- Former British prime minister Tony Blair on Friday rejected claims that he had struck a secret deal with U.S. President George W. Bush in 2002 pledging British backing for the invasion of Iraq .
Testifying in front of the inquiry into the UK's participation in the U.S. - led war against Saddam Hussein 's regime in 2003 , Blair said he had stated publicly that Iraq needed to be confronted over its ambitions to develop weapons of mass destruction .
But Blair had told Bush that he would be " with him " when the pair met at the U.S. president 's Texas ranch in April 2002 , he said .
" What I was saying -- I was not saying this privately incidentally , I was saying it in public -- was ' We are going to be with you in confronting and dealing with this threat , ' Blair told the inquiry , headed by former civil servant John Chilcot .
" The one thing I was not doing was dissembling in that position .
The position was not a covert position , it was an open position . "
Blair said that plans for how Iraq should be governed after the invasion had failed to foresee the destabilizing roles played by Iran and al Qaeda , nor problems with Iraq 's civil service .
On the matter of the legal basis for the invasion , Blair said U.N. resolution 1441 authorized military action in Iraq without a further resolution -- but admitted " there was always a case either way " and said a second resolution would have been " preferable politically . "
" But in the end , we got to the point in the middle of March where frankly we had to decide , " Blair said .
" We were going either to back away or we were going to go forward and I decided , for the reasons that I 've given , that we should go forward . "
Several hundred anti-war protesters gathered outside the Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre , opposite the Houses of Parliament in central London , to mark Blair 's appearance at the inquiry , chanting " Blair lied , thousands died ! " and " Tony Blair !
War criminal ! "
Mock pallbearers wearing Blair masks carried a black coffin .
Some in the crowd wore " Jail Tony " T - shirts and toted signs saying " Stop the War , " " Troops out of Afghanistan . " and " Bliar , " a deliberate misspelling of his name .
Left - wing lawmaker George Galloway said that Blair 's actions in Iraq were " more terrible than the crimes of Macbeth " and called on the former prime minister to " commit hari - kiri in front of the world " on the steps of the conference center .
Protesters call for Blair to face war crimes charges
Relatives of the 179 British troops killed in Iraq were among those admitted to the public gallery .
Blair said he believed " beyond doubt " his controversial pre-war claim that Iraq was capable of launching chemical and biological weapons within 45 minutes and said concern over Iraq 's ambitions to develop weapons of mass destruction had been the main factor behind Britain 's decision to back the war .
But he admitted Washington and London had different views , with the U.S. favoring regime change to overthrow Saddam Hussein as the main justification for war .
The 45 - minute claim was made in Blair 's preface to an intelligence document that came out in September 2002 and detailed the threat posed by Iraq .
The document , Blair said , was " clear " in backing up the claim he made in the preface .
" If you go back to that time , if you read the executive summary and the information that follows , I can't see how you can come to a different conclusion , " Blair said of evidence for the 45 - minute claim .
British media quickly highlighted the claim and it filled the headlines of British newspapers the next day .
But no significant caches of chemical or biological weapons have been found in Iraq since the invasion .
The former prime minister denied he had inserted the 45 - minute claim to make the intelligence document seem more important .
Blair said he not only believed the claim was true , but he also worried about the possibility that it was n't true -- and he had to act on that concern .
" Supposing we put it the other way around and it was correct , and I was n't going to act on it .
That was the thing that was worrying me , " Blair said .
" Your worry is not simply , ' Is the intelligence correct so that I can act ? ' " he added .
" Your worry is also if it is correct , what am I going to do about it ? "
Earlier , Blair told the inquiry he had been " determined " to stand " shoulder to shoulder " with the U.S. despite their differing opinions over the reasons why war was necessary .
" The Americans , in a sense , were saying , ' We 're for regime change ' cause we do n't trust he 's ever going to give up his WMD ambitions , ' " Blair said .
" We were saying , ' We have to deal with his WMD ambitions .
If that means regime change , so be it . ' "
Blair said that the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the U.S. had changed attitudes in both London and Washington towards how Saddam Hussein 's regime should be handled .
" Up to September 11 we thought he was a risk , but we thought it was worth trying to contain it , " Blair testified .
" The crucial thing after 9/11 is that the calculus of risk changed ...
After September 11 , if you were a regime engaged in WMD ( weapons of mass destruction ) , you had to stop . "
Blair told the inquiry that he had considered the 9/11 attacks to be an attack on the UK as well as the U.S .
" I said I would stand shoulder to shoulder with them .
We did that in Afghanistan , and I was determined to do that again " in Iraq , Blair said .
In an interview aired last month on the BBC , Blair sparked controversy by indicating he would have gone to war even if Saddam had been found to have no WMD , or weapons of mass destruction .
Blair said Friday that Iraqi citizens were " actually upbeat about the future " and said a " majority think security and services are getting better . "
" It 's too early to say right now whether the democracy will take root and function effectively , " but there were " hopeful signs , " he said .
The Torches Come Out in Iceland Protests break out in Iceland over bank bailouts
$ 5b almost seems like an insignificant amount these days .
But to a tiny country like Iceland , it 's a ton — 13,000 euros per capita , to be exact .
Icelandic lawmakers have proposed the public cough up $ 5 b to pay back England and Holland , to make up for the failed bank IceSave .
English and Dutch depositors lost money when the banks failed , and their respective governments compensated those individuals .
Iceland originally agreed to pay those governments back , but the public is strongly opposed to the bailout .
Why should the country as a whole pay for the recklessness of a few ( you could say this is a recurring theme worldwide ) ?
Due to extreme backlash , the President of Iceland has so far refused to sign the bailout bill into law .
The U.K and Netherlands are n't happy , but the already hurting Icelandic public are breathing a sigh of relief .
The pictures below are from one of the protests that lead the President to veto the bill .
Remember all that talk about torches and pitchforks ?
Well , Iceland went ahead and broke out the torches ( ok - they 're flares , technically ) :
More on the political situation from Spiegel.de :
On Tuesday , however , President Grimsson announced he had refused to sign a law to enable the repayment .
It has cast his country into what seems to be a full - blown constitutional crisis , since both the nation 's parliament and the rest of its government had already approved the repayment plan .
Under Icelandic law , the president is required to sign all legislation approved by parliament .
Refusals to do so are extremely rare .
President Grimsson , who is now serving a fourth term in the office he has held since 1996 , last did so in 2004 when he refused to approve a new media law .
In the last few days , the president had said he needed more time to come to a final decision on the repayment bill , which had passed through parliament last Wednesday with a slim 33 - 30 majority .
The government had reached a deal with Britain and the Netherlands in June to repay the lost savings , but it required parliamentary approval .
On Dec. 31 , 52,000 Icelanders presented him with a petition protesting the law .
By Tuesday afternoon , that number had grown to 62,282 , representing close to a quarter of the island nation 's entire population .
Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir , who threatened to step down if parliament did not approve the repayment bill , has been left with two options .
She can either withdraw the bill or call for a public referendum on the matter .
~~ad_0 ~~
Kristian at Apatheism had an idea I think is great :
I made a new year ’s resolution to read at least one book , from cover to cover , that goes fundamentally against everything I believe in .
For me that would be a book from a religious perspective to life , universe and everything , or a conservative , right wing viewpoint …
It ’s good advice .
As he writes , this is n’t about shifting to the other side .
It ’s about getting an idea of what “ the other side ” believes and better understanding their position .
At the very least , it gives you a firmer ground on which to rebut their points .
So let ’s toss a few questions out :
What would you suggest he read ?
What was the last book you read about a subject that made you uncomfortable ?
Or by an author you normally despise / disagree with ?
What happened as a result ?
…
Christian Jason Boyett was also a fan of the idea .
Kristian makes a very good point : it is beneficial for a person to read outside his or her belief system .
Do it with a good attitude and an open mind .
It might challenge what you believe .
It might even hurt a little .
But the resistance will actually make you stronger .
He has suggestions of books / authors for various kinds of people ( atheists , liberals , Calvinists , Southern Baptists , etc ) .
…
I ’ve read books that made me uncomfortable but rarely do I read something that I know will piss me off .
It ’s good advice , though .
I think my favorite in that category was Mind Siege : The Battle for the Truth by Tim LaHaye and David Noebel .
If you have a minute , “ Look Inside ” the book ( on Amazon ) and search for the words “ It ’s not my fault , I tell you . ”
Then , read the next few pages .
It ’s about the fictional narrator and his son , who attends Margaret Sanger High School .
( Funniest .
Book .
Ever . )
BioWare Social Network has Closed
Dragon Age : Origins game patches are no longer hosted on the BioWare Social Network .
You will be redirected to the new location momentarily .
You will be redirected in 30 seconds to %s .
having a such a painful time with this .
it was all compiled and fine - but missing a couple of textures .... added them .... pc crashed and blue screened for 60 mins , till a safe mode start up etc ... Now Hammer has corrupted and I have to redownload - which i am doing because somewhere along the way , the back up of the fully cubemapped hdr map got lostI could scream really .
Seriously frustrating few days .
Really need more mappers round these parts to shout for help after long days !
Dont get me wrong - i enjoy the mapping , but i'm seriously not into this 1 to 2 day fucking around sorting the compile out - i'm too much of a noob jelly head for it tbhedit : the redownload failed to fixTell you what , it 's really frustrating when you 've put so many hours in , not to be able to be already testing this ' community ' map , prior to it passing it 's sellby date on 26th Dec - especially as i'm going away soonkinda feeling like i've wasted my time .
I have a confession to make .
In my 26 years , I have never watched a Super Bowl .
Heck , I 've never even sat through an entire football game .
So my position as an authority on appropriate food for the upcoming sports event of the year is pretty shaky .
Nevertheless , having spent an informative and kind - of - icky half hour googling " cheese dip recipe , " I think I can suggest a better alternative to this tired , processed party staple .
Before we start , go ahead and throw away the Velveeta .
What came to my mind upon thinking " cheese dip " is an old classic of British cuisine : Welsh rarebit .
Rarebit is essentially a regional variation of fondue , made with ale and a roux to keep it from becoming stringy , and mustard and Worcestershire sauce to give it that je ne sais quoi .
The name , a corruption of " rabbit , " probably originates from an anti-Welsh slur or joke : Rabbit was poor man 's meat in Britain , and the Welsh could n't afford even rabbit .
These days , it 's British comfort food at its best — simple , easy - to - make , and immensely satisfying on an almost primordial level .
The following recipe is adapted from one of my favorite British cookbooks , The River Cottage Year , by Hugh Fearnley - Whittingstall , and can serve as a master recipe for any rarebit variations you 'd like to try ( its Britishness also accounts for the metric measurements , which are by weight , rather than volume , as is customary for American recipes ) .
After the recipe , I 'll talk a bit about possible variations and considerations .
Boats to rescue the " Oasis of the Seas " to even 370 people so far the largest capacity of " savior . "
The ship has a total of 18 such boats , which are 6 times higher than the average bus .
Oasis of the Seas is 4 times larger than Titanic .
On this ship is the largest waterway in the world theater .
940 million cost of building the ship .
To travel by boat you choose this room :
1.Ordinary room - 1.299 $
2.View of the Ocean - 1.549 $
3.Room with balcony - 1.699 $
4.Apartment - 4.829 $
On board there are swimming pools , greenhouse , children 's playground , opera , spa and fitness center , skating rink , beach , casino , mini golf , surf simulator , the promenade , the main restaurant , swimming pool for water sports
The Titanic , Queen Elizabeth 2 or Grand Princess were all very impressive boats , but when it comes to size , the Oasis of the Seas is in a league of its own .
Featuring a length of 1,184 ' and a weight of 225.282 tons , the Oasis of the Seas is the world ’s largest passenger vessel .
It ’s able to accommodate 6,300 passengers and 2,000 crew members on 16 decks .
The floating giant was commissioned by Royal Caribbean International in 2006 and was finalized on October 29 , 2009 , in a Finnish shipyard .
Lost type TV Show Where to watch Close Streaming Options
There ’s nothing ABC needs to do to get me more excited for Lost ‘s final season , but , well , here they are doing it with a new promo .
It might be the only time I ’d argue that a TV ad ’s hyperbole does n’t go far enough : “ The Television Event of the Year ” ?
The way I ’m feeling right now , I ’m inclined to go with decade , or even century .
( I know I ’d be wrong , and that lots of other things qualify , so do n’t start arguing that with me here ; I ’m just quantifying my level of excitement . )
However you say it , I do think Lost has raised its own bar to an unprecedented level , such that the final season — and the finale in particular — could make or break its legacy like no other show ’s has .
Now , this particular promo is n’t as artsy - cool as many others that have been popping up from across the globe , thanks to the no-spoiler - footage policy Lost has so far maintained .
But , lo and behold , there is one frame of new footage here !
In case you missed it , the new scrap of film here is a gun-toting Claire around the 15 - second mark .
In further proof that Lost possesses mystical powers that turn me into the kind of uber - fangirl I normally am not , I spent quite a bit of time trying to pause the video on the words that flash right around 15 to 16 seconds in , which , to save you the trouble , say : “ Everything changes ” and “ Plant a good seed and you will joyfully gather fruit . ”
I ca n’t hold a candle to Doc Jensen in the hard - core analysis department , so I wo n’t try .
But that stuff plus the bit at the beginning where old scenes run backwards ( the plane puts itself back together , the fuselage un- explodes ) leads me to think that the castaways ’ finale gambit to reset the “ future ” works — i.e. , Juliet sets off the bomb and Flight 815 does n’t crash .
Or at least the passengers ’ paths are altered significantly .
But what do you think , PopWatchers ?
Theories ?
Thoughts ?
Other freeze - frames ?
Ideas for what we can do to alter the time - space continuum to make it Feb. 2 already ?
( And Lost fans might also want to check out this recreation of the crash in real - time . )
Nonetheless , in what is perhaps the ultimate testimony to his new skills as a PR man , he still insists he enjoyed himself thoroughly .
And his demanding taskmasters at Tourism Queensland are also pleased , so much so that they have offered him a new 18 month , six - figure contract to promote their state worldwide .
In his spare time - if he gets any - he will also start on a book about his experiences over the last six months .
Whether it will prove a best - selling beachside read is another matter .
PAN , November 5 , 2009
Zainullah Stanikzai & Hashmi
LASHKARGAH : Artillery and mortar shelling by the NATO - led international troops killed nine civilians in southern Afghanistan , locals said .
However , Afghan and NATO officials claimed only militants were killed in the mortar shelling on the outskirts of Lashkargah , capital of the southern Helmand province , on Wednesday evening .
People , who brought bodies of their slain relatives to Lashkargah , said the dead included three children and six men .
They died as a mortar shell landed in the fields covered with maize crop , said the locals .
Haji Shah Muhammad , a tribal elder from Babaji area on the outskirts of the provincial capital , told Pajhwok Afghan News the victims were busy collecting the harvest .
" I lost four members of my family .
They included my three sons and a son - in - law working in the fields " said another elder Syed Gul .
The foreigners were intentionally targeting civilians , said Nisar Ahmad , a third resident of the area .
Nisar said Taliban were patrolling on motorbikes in the area in broad daylight but the foreign troops did not take any action against them .
Relatives of the victims also staged a protest demonstration against the foreign troops .
They chanted slogans against the NATO troops and demanded their withdrawal from the country .
They also asked for probe into the civilian casualties .
Press office of the NATO - led ISAF in Lashkargah confirmed the attack , but said only militants , planting bombs to target the local and Afghan troops , were killed .
Officials at the press office rejected locals ' claim regarding civilian casualties .
At the same time , they said investigations would be conducted into the incident .
Daud Ahmadi , spokesman for the provincial governor , also said only militants were killed in the overnight attack .
The civilian casualties in Helmand reported just a day after the killing of five British soldiers by an Afghan policeman in the province .
The policeman managed to flee the scene .
In the eastern Nuristan province , three minor girls and two boys died in blast caused by an unexploded mortar shell .
Provincial Governor Jamaluddin Badar said the explosion took place in Bargimatal district .
He said two more boys suffered injuries .
They were rushed to hospital where their condition is stated to be stable .
In families where mental illness hits early , the entire household feels the impact .
" We 're not having any more soup !
Eat it or do n't have any ! " says mother Deb Stanas as her daughter screams .
" Listen , Olivia , " Deb pleads , " either take what you have or do n't have any . "
A spoon clangs on floor .
Deb tells Olivia to pick it up .
Olivia screams , " No ! " Apparently this is a relatively calm afternoon at the Stanas household in southern New Hampshire .
Eight - year - old Olivia is bounding between the kitchen , where she 's demanding a snack from her mother , and the living room , where her two sisters are doing homework and playing computer games .
Two years ago , Olivia was diagnosed with bipolar disorder , an illness characterized by debilitating highs and lows , and outbursts of violence .
Suddenly , Olivia accuses her 11 - year - old sister Audrey of taking her toy , and her mother tells Audrey to go to her room .
Audrey asks , " Do you know what a baby she 's being ?
She slapped Rose a minute ago .
She slapped me a minute ago . "
Deb replies , " You know better than to do that , " as Olivia continues screaming .
" Olivia sets the tone in the house , " says Deb .
" When she 's having a bad day , we 're all having a bad day .
It 's next to impossible not to feed off that irritability , that anxiety , that anger . "
Deb says it 's been torture for Audrey .
On this afternoon , Audrey has just gotten off the school bus .
She makes herself Ramen noodles and relishes having her mother all to herself .
It 's a half - hour before Olivia gets home .
As Audrey eats , she recalls the time Olivia 's outburst sent her to the emergency room .
" She started calling me a name , " says Audrey , " and next thing I know , she says , ' I 'm going to throw this book at you , ' and I turned around and it hit my face .
And it was bleeding .
And I remember screaming down the hall and watching the blood drip down my face .
I do n't believe she ever got grounded for that . "
Related American RadioWorks reports :
A Mind of Their Own - Most children can be volatile at some point in their development , with no particular cause for worry .
But at what point do irritability , mood swings , and tantrums constitute a mental illness ?
Up to half a million children are believed to have bipolar illness .
This is the story of three of those children , their families , and the professionals who work with them .
Trauma and the Brain - Terrifying events like the terrorist attacks of 9/11 trigger strong biological and psychological reactions .
Most people can recover over time , but researchers are trying to understand why some never do .
Jailing the Mentally Ill -
Why are so many mentally ill Americans behind bars ?
Deb Stanas is well aware of the resentment Audrey feels - that her childhood is , in many ways , at the mercy of Olivia 's volatility .
For a short time , they took Audrey to a counselor , but it did n't seem to help .
" She was so angry , " says Deb .
" She was threatening suicide .
' I 'm going to run away .
I hate this family .
I can't live here . '
And to be quite honest , what she went through , I can't blame her .
She really got abused by this child , and I could n't separate them .
I felt so helpless .
I could n't protect her . "
Deb says she does try to keep Audrey safe from Olivia .
She puts them on opposite ends of the house .
But as soon as she turns her back , Olivia runs to find her sister .
Deb installed a lock on the door , but Olivia found the key .
" They should have her locked in the laundry room again , " says Audrey .
" That worked . "
Her mother is actually relieved that Audrey can be so blunt , like a typical child , because she worries Audrey 's growing up too fast .
That 's why she and her husband try to give Audrey days when she 's the center of attention .
At a cheerleading tournament , Audrey and a friend were selected to sing the national anthem .
The whole family watched , even Olivia , in the packed auditorium .
Deb worries that special occasions like this are not enough to insulate Audrey from the stress of their household .
And to hear Audrey tell it , that 's a valid fear , " When Olivia is being a jerk and doing weird things , " says Audrey , " I 'll be downstairs asking for a question on my homework , and they 'll say , ' Audrey , go away now , '
And wo n't give me anything until they 're done with her , which takes until , like , midnight to calm her down . "
And Deb knows this is n't healthy for Audrey .
" It would be so intense with Olivia , by the time I finally got her to bed , " says Deb , " Audrey would say , ' Please mommy , just come with me , lay down with me , ' and by then , my whole body was just - I can't have anyone touch me .
I just need to be quiet without anyone .
And so there were days I 'd say , ' I ca n't Audrey .
I can't even go in there .
I just need to go in my own bed and be alone . '
And it breaks my heart that I even said that to her because she deserves so much more . "
Psychologists like Diane Marsh of the University of Pittsburgh say the Stanas family is not unusual .
" As hard as parents may try , and they do , to meet the needs of their well siblings , " says Marsh , " time and energy are simply finite .
And so siblings often feel like the forgotten family members .
Everyone else 's problems are more important than theirs . "
Marsh conducted one of the first studies of well siblings of the mentally ill and wrote about it in her book , Troubled Journey .
Her co-author , Rex Dickens , himself the brother of three mentally - ill siblings , says that over time , sisters and brothers of the mentally ill become frozen souls .
" You sort of shut down , emotionally , in part of your life , " says Dickens , " and that carries over to other areas .
You can't trust , you can't feel , you can't talk .
There 's a core that gets frozen in time , maybe to be dealt with later , but it never does get dealt with . "
Marsh and Dickens found that well siblings have higher rates of depression than the general public .
" When you have to grow up early , when you pick a fruit that 's ... too green , it does n't have a chance to mature and ripen , " says Dickens .
" They get kind of stopped in their development . "
Other siblings worry they might " catch " what their brother or sister has .
Clea Simon is a Boston journalist who wrote the memoir , Madhouse : Growing up the Shadow of Mentally Ill Siblings .
Both of her older siblings were struck with schizophrenia when she was only 6 .
" When you see your brother or sister grow up and change from your brother and sister to something scary and weird and alien , " says Simon , " you just think that 's what happens .
You think that when you hit 16 , you 're allowed to date , and drive , and then you 're hospitalized . "
Simon often witnessed , or became the target of , her siblings ' violent outbursts , which is why she , and many other well siblings , believe they may now suffer from post - traumatic stress disorder - a collection of debilitating symptoms from flashbacks to nightmares .
And while all families are different , most siblings seem to be affected at least by survivor 's guilt
Why was my sister or brother afflicted ?
Why not me ?
" And as they mature and they go on to careers and relationships and families , " says Marsh , " over and over again we heard that it is with a sense of loss for their sibling who may not be able to move on . "
As siblings age , there are practical concerns beyond the existential ones .
In one clinical survey , 94 percent of well siblings reported a pervasive worry that they will have to care for a mentally ill brother or sister when their parents no longer can .
And that worry is not an idle one .
Pamela Spiro Wagner and Carolyn Spiro are twin sisters - identical twins , they believe - relaxing in Pam 's high - rise apartment near Hartford , Connecticut .
At 52 , both are blond and petite , with long , narrow faces .
But one of them looks more weathered , less groomed .
You might still not know who 's diagnosed with schizophrenia , until Pam starts to talk about her breakfast conversation .
" The cup , the tea cup was saying to me , " recalls Pam , " ' There 's a chip in me and it really hurts when you drink out of that side . ' "
Carolyn asks , " Did it ever occur to you that maybe the tea had an opinion too ? "
" Well , it might have , " says Pam .
When Pam and Carolyn were children , they both seemed fine .
Like many twins , they were best friends and bitter rivals .
But no one in the family , not their other two siblings nor their parents , noticed when Pam first began to hear voices .
It was November 22 , 1963 .
While sitting in a grade - school classroom , while everyone else was riveted by the news of John F. Kennedy 's assassination , Pam says she began to hear murmuring in her head .
" At first , " says Pam , " they were n't saying anything .
Then they were just saying my name and they were mangling it .
' Pam , Spam , Piro , Spiro , Piro . '
And then they started saying , ' Kill , kill you , kill him , will you , kill you . '
The message was a realization that I had killed Kennedy . "
Pam told no one of the menacing voices filling her head .
But well siblings are often the first ones to notice that something is going wrong , and Carolyn is no exception .
" She was going to school with greasy hair , greasy face , and looking disheveled and embarrassing me , " says Carolyn .
They both went to Brown University , where Carolyn thrived .
Carolyn did n't know it , but Pam was falling deeper into paranoia and hallucinations .
" I would just say things like , ' I feel numb , I feel like moon rock ' " says Pam .
" But what I would n't say is that there were also voices saying , ' You 'll feel better if you burn yourself . ' "
And then Pam tried to kill herself with an overdose of sleeping pills .
She left college and moved back home .
Carolyn finished at Brown and went to medical school .
Looking back , she sees she made choices very much connected to Pam 's fate .
She became a psychiatrist , and she married young , something she now thinks was her way of proving she was normal .
During these years Pam had lucid stretches where she honed her writing skills and won awards for poetry .
But the voices always came back , and Carolyn got frequent calls from emergency rooms where Pam ended up .
" At that point , " says Carolyn , " I was at my wit 's end because she was becoming desperately suicidal , they were treating her like she had a terminal illness .
' You know , you might want to consider saying goodbye . ' "
Pam did survive , and recently she found a medication that has kept the voices at bay .
Pam and Carolyn have now told their story in a new memoir called Divided Minds : Twin Sisters and their Journey through Schizophrenia .
They went on a book tour , trading off reading passages at colleges and book stores .
The book was n't easy to pull off as Pam was hospitalized several times during the writing process .
Even during the tour , Pam 's paranoia is never entirely gone .
She 's still worried about something she calls the " hazmat man . "
That 's a figure Pam sees when she looks at the hazardous materials symbol on her plastic medical baggies .
Carolyn tries to empathize .
" I think I see what you 're talking about , the eyebrows , " says Carolyn .
" No , " Pam replies , " the head is up here .
The arms are over here . "
Does Pam see the hazmat man as threatening ?
" It 's not threatening now , " says Pam , " because I know where the real hazmat man is .
He 's locked up in an Altoid box , double duct taped . "
This is where Carolyn's face goes from bemused , to exasperated .
" You do n't really believe that , do you ? " asks Pam .
" I mean , I have the box and it 's still taped up . "
" Keep it taped , " Pam instructs .
" I do ! " says Carolyn , " but you do n't really believe this , do you ?
I mean , in all honesty ? "
Pam says , " Just keep it taped up . "
" There are times when it feels like a lot , " says Carolyn later .
" When I am getting behind in my own bills , when she 's getting sick , when she 's deciding on her own not to take medication , which she 's not doing at the moment , then I feel it .
Then it 's an imposition .
Then I hate it , Yeah , you 've got the freedom to not take medication because you 're independent .
You get to do what you want when you want to do it and the hell with whatever I want .
And guess whose freedom you get to take away ?
Mine . "
And yet , Carolyn says she can't imagine a world without the twin sister she loves , a sister who 's sensitive and smart , but who clearly drew the short straw .
" I 'm so lucky , " Carolyn says as she cries .
" When I said earlier , that I do n't deserve anything , all I meant was none of us deserve anything really .
We just get it , by grace of whatever .
We just get it .
I guess I think I could just as well be the one who got schizophrenia . "
And she could have .
Schizophrenia does have a genetic component .
If one identical twin has the disease , the other has about a 50 percent chance of getting it , even if they 've been raised separately .
The rate is closer to 60 percent for bipolar disorder .
But environment is also likely to be a factor .
Schizophrenia might be triggered by something as simple as a virus in people predisposed to the disease .
Regardless of the causes , one in a hundred people suffers from schizophrenia , which means that several times that number of siblings suffer along with them .
To say those are the " well " ones , is , of course , a matter of semantics , because when a family copes with mental illness , no one gets out unscathed .
Credits :
Producer : Karen Brown
Editor : Mary Beth Kirchner
National Public Radio Editor : Marc Rosenbaum
Web producer : Ochen Kaylan
Editorial Consultation : John Dankosky Major funding for American RadioWorks comes from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting .
Additional funding for A Burden to be Well is provided by The Carter Center Mental Health Program .
Watch : Sienna Miller 's Heart - Wrenching Documentary On Congo Women
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
Earlier this Spring , Sienna Miller traveled to the Democratic Republic of the Congo to document the lives of women living in a treacherous conflict .
“ I broke down twice on this trip , ” she wrote in a blog entry for TakePart.com .
The first time after being in the displacement camp outside Goma , seeing the woman with the colostomy bag .
I had to step into an empty tent and sob .
I had consciously planned on keeping it together , but the visual and the look in her eyes broke me .
After that , some form of defense mechanism kicks in .
Of course you feel enormous empathy but there is no room for personal emotion in these places . ”
Her short documentary , titled 8 minutes , is named after the horror that a woman is raped in the Congo every 8 minutes .
Have a look below — and to find out how you can help , click here .
Seattle
SALAAMA , a Somali roadhouse near the airport here , serves chicken suqaar , a dish of griddled halal chicken , onions and peppers , popular with cab drivers .
Interlopers to this clubhouse restaurant order the dish the way the menu advertises it  as chicken teriyaki .
At 5 Seasons Grill , a Vietnamese restaurant north of the city , a banner promises “ The Best Teriyaki in Town . ”
That would be Item 38 , com bo nuong , beef short ribs , marinated with lemon grass and other nontraditional teriyaki ingredients .
“ This is just like teriyaki , ” said Cat Vo , an owner .
“ Only it ’s much better . ”
In Seattle , teriyaki is omnipresent , the closest this city comes to a Chicago dog .
At Safeco Field , home of the Seattle Mariners , fans eat chicken teriyaki .
Specialty food retailers stock teriyaki sauces , including a triple garlic take from Tom Douglas , perhaps Seattle ’s most well - known chef .
Lots of folks visit this post : Consider visiting my series on the Ramayana !
The Mahabharata Series ( cont . )
The Text
Listen– I was born full - grown from the dew of my mother ’s body .
We were alone , and Devi told me , “ Guard the door .
Let no one enter , because I ’m going to take a bath . ”
Then Shiva , whom I had never seen , came home .
I would not let him into his own house .
“ Who are you to stop me ? ” he raged .
And I told him , “ No beggars here , so go away ! ” “ I may be half naked , ” he answered , “ but all the world is mine , though I care not for it . ”
“ Then go drag about your world , but not Parvati ’s mountain home !
I am Shiva ’s son , and guard this door for her with my life ! ”
“ Well , ” he said , “ you are a great liar .
Do you think I do n’t know my own sons ? ” “ Foolishness ! ” I said .
“ I was only born today , but I know a rag picker when I see one .
Now get on your way . ”
He fixed his eyes on me and very calmly asked , “ Will you let me in ? ” “ Ask no more ! ” I said .
“ Then I shall not , ” he replied , and with a sharp glance he cut off my head and threw it far away , beyond the Himalayas .
Devi ran out , crying , “ You ’ll never amount to anything !
You ’ve killed our son ! ”
She bent over my body and wept .
“ What good are you for a husband ?
You wander away and leave me home to do all the work .
Because you wander around dreaming all the time , we have to live in poverty with hardly enough to eat . ”
The Lord of All the Worlds pacified her ; looking around , the first head he saw happened to be an elephant ’s , and he set it on my shoulders and restored me to life .
“ Paravati was happy again , and that is how I first met my father , ” said Ganesha , “ long long ago . ”
“ Alright , ” said Vyasa , “ now I will begin . ”
And he began to tell his story to Ganesha , who wrote it on leaves .
William Buck ’s “ Mahabharata “ , pgs 4 - 5
Explanations and notes follow .
Introduction
The Mahabharata is told by Vyasa – one of the immortal saints of Hinduism .
He choose Ganesh , the elephant - headed boy god , as his scribe ( see Hindu Gods ) .
This is the story tells how Ganesh got his elephant head .
Phrases Explained & Explored
1 ) “ the dew of my mother ’s body “
In some versions , Paravati forms Ganesh from her sandalwood soap and others from the dirt from her body .
Either way , it was a virgin birth .
Now , biologically , we know virgin births do happen – “ parthenogenesis ” .
But in mythologies they are simply a vehicle to yell “ special ! ” to the audience .
The human mind works similar around the world .
Ganesh ( born from his mother ’s slimy sweat )
( born from his mother ’s slimy sweat ) Buddha ( born from his mother ’s arm pit )
( born from his mother ’s arm pit ) Kabir ( born from his mother ’s palm ) ( see my post on Kabir )
( born from his mother ’s palm ) ( see my post on Kabir ) Perseus ( Danae impregnated during the shower of gold by Zeus )
( Danae impregnated during the shower of gold by Zeus ) Krishna ( born of a virgin )
( born of a virgin ) Roman Emperor Augustus ( mother impregnated by Apollo )
Taking a bit of a tangent , in the Mahabharata , there are even miracles where a woman , even after the carnal act , still have their virginity preserved .
Draupadi , for example , marries the five Pandavas ( heros later in the story ) spent a nuptial night with each of the five brothers in turn and yet she was a virgin for each one of them .
Here an intact hymen is what is alluded to .
In villages in the past , to prove the virginity of a new wife , the blood stained sheets from a broken hymen are hung out after the wedding night .
The red streak down a woman ’s parted hair ( Sindoor ) is a symbol of marriage .
I remember hearing that this implies the bleeding upon losing virginity .
But all I could find on Wiki was that this is a sign of the Goddess or perhaps that since she now belongs to a man , blood will be shed if she is harmed .
Returning to our story , remember , using dirt to make living creatures is not an ungodly activity :
then the Lord God formed man from the dust of the ground , of dust from the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life ; and the man became a living being .
- Gen 2:7 ( NRSV )
Apparently even the word “ Adam ” is related to the Hebrew word for ground : אדםה ( adamah ) –> אדם ( adam )
2 ) “ Devi “
“ Devi ” means “ Goddess ” in Sanskrit .
Ganesh is referring to his mother , Paravati .
Paravati is the wife of Shiva , one of the three main Hindu gods .
She is the most beautiful women in the world and because her husband ( Shiva ) was always meditating , far away in the Himalayas , she had many men coming to visit her .
So she created Ganesh to guard her privacy .
The female aspect of the Divine is drastically important in Hinduism .
This desire to preserve the female aspect of Divinity can be seen in Christian cults of Mary .
Important here is the idea of a “ god ” in Hinduism as opposed to “ God ” in monotheistic religions .
What can not be ignored , or flattened out , is that just as in the Hebrew culture , the notion of the Divine changed over time .
3 ) “ No beggars here , so go away ! ”
—— “ I may be half naked ”
Shiva was an ascetic — he cared not for his appearance and thus had matted hair and often appeared to wear rags .
Moral :
Do not let appearances deceive .
4 ) “ with a sharp glance he cut off my head ”
Shiva ’s third eye , when opened fully , would destroy the world .
In this story , it only twitches and cuts off Ganesh ’s head .
God ’s use fire throughout all mythologies .
Morals of this Myth
To teach the steadfast power of dedication to duty
The awe - inspiring power of a mother ’s love for her child
The gentle power of compassion which holds the world together
Hindus look at their myths much like others .
They can find great morals in spite of the negative elements in the story ( murder , pride … ) .
They value their old literature .
I am curious how those who wrote them thought about them .
Here is a site that gave the morals above .
Comparative Religion Summary
Classical female attributes ( compassion , love ) are often captured in a religion by women playing roles as divine or heavenly roles .
( Paravati and Mary )
Myths may have complex unsavory elements yet believers see what they desire to value and let the myth speak for itself .
Thus even the nonbeliever would benefit from expanding their hermeneutics ( method of understanding text ) .
Virginity or Miracle births are used to shout “ Special ” in all faiths
More Reading
I found this excellent site for much more reading on Ganesh .
Here are various versions of Ganesh ’s birth .
Here are some pics :
_______
Source :
1 ) Buck , William .
1993 . Mahabharata .
Meridian Books .
2 ) Mazumdar , Subash .
1997 . Mahabharata is Believable by Subash Mazumdar .
Rutlege Books , Inc .
One reason that Iceland scored so well , beyond its energy policies , may be its economic tailspin , one of Western Europe ’s worst , which began with a banking crisis in 2008 , Mr. Esty said .
Another crucial caveat is that the researchers rely heavily on data that the countries themselves report to international groups like the United Nations and the World Bank .
The researchers said that countries like Cuba , in ninth place , are thought to score artificially high because the data is either collected poorly or massaged to signal progress .
The lack of reliable environmental data is a major challenge , the researchers said .
“ There are so many countries that are not collecting even minimal data sets , ” said Christine Kim , a researcher at Yale who is program manager of the project .
“ The state of the data has n’t gotten much better in the last 10 years .
We have better data on baseball than we do on climate change . ”
Developing a system to quantify and track environmental performance would be essential to the success of any global climate treaty requiring industrialized countries to cut their emissions and emerging economies to reduce their emissions growth .
Negotiators from around the globe failed to produce a binding agreement in Copenhagen last month , but plan to meet again in Mexico City in late November .
Discord over how to measure , report and verify climate data was one factor that stymied progress in Copenhagen .
The Chinese , for example , use their own scales to measure factors like air pollution , and it is hard to translate their readings into accepted Western scientific scales .
Because a country ’s final ranking is based on so many environmental factors , the devil is often in the details .
Extenuating circumstances may distort the data .
Countries like Slovakia , Serbia and Montenegro performed well in part because severe economic slumps in these places shut down polluting factories , Mr. Esty said .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Treasury will not recover any portion of the $ 3.7 billion still outstanding in loans it made to automaker Chrysler under the Troubled Asset Relief Program , according to the terms of a plan filed with bankruptcy court on Tuesday .
The U.S. government has filed proofs of claim for unpaid principal , interest , fees and expenses , but “ will receive no recovery on account of such claim , ” according to court documents filed on behalf of Old Carco LLC , the units of Chrysler that remain under bankruptcy protection while they are liquidated .
The proposal was laid out in a disclosure statement filed with the New York bankruptcy court in Manhattan .
A disclosure statement is a comprehensive document sent to creditors before they vote on a plan of reorganization .
The Old Carco plan also proposed repaying Class 1 priority claims in full .
The case is In re Old Carco LLC , US Bankruptcy Court , Southern District of New York , No. 09-50002 .
REYKJAVIK , Iceland , Jan. 4 ( UPI ) --
More than 56,000 voters in Iceland have signed a petition asking the government not to pay back foreign depositors who lost money when Icelandic banks failed .
The EUobserver reported Monday that the idea of paying back $ 5.5 billion to British and Dutch depositors had little public support given the sum -- $ 17,273 per person -- and the perception that bankers , not the man on the street , had caused the banking crisis .
Advertisement
On an island of 320,000 residents , those signing the petition represented almost a quarter of the country 's voters , the EUobserver said .
Icelandic banks collapsed in October 2008 in the midst of a global financial crisis that brought down some of the world 's largest banks .
Last week , members of Iceland 's parliament approved a law to have the money returned to foreign depositors , but President Olafur Ragnar Grimsson has refused to sign the bill into law .
Magnus Arni Skulason , who helped organize the petition drive , said interest payments on the banks ' debt " is like running the National Health Service of Iceland for six months . "
BEIJING  China ’s government censors have taken fresh aim at the Internet , rolling out new measures that limit its citizens ’ ability to set up personal Web sites and to view hundreds of Web sites offering films , video games and other forms of entertainment .
The authorities say the stricter controls are intended to protect children from pornography ; to limit the piracy of films , music , and television shows ; and to make it hard to perpetuate Internet scams .
But the measures also appear devised to enhance the government ’s already strict control of any political opposition .
In various pronouncements , top propaganda and security officials have stressed anew the need to police the Internet on ideological and security grounds .
The “ Internet has become an important avenue through which anti-China forces infiltrate , sabotage and magnify their capabilities for destruction , ” wrote the public security minister , Meng Jianzhu , in the Dec. 1 issue of Qiushi , a magazine published by the Communist Party ’s Central Committee .
Lord Goldsmith , the government 's attorney general at the time of the Iraq war , has told the Chilcot inquiry that he believed in 2002 there was no imminent threat from Saddam Hussein 's regime that would have justified the use of force against him .
While he told the inquiry this morning that he believed a second UN resolution would have been " safer " to justify military action , he admitted he eventually concluded that a further reinforcement to the earlier resolution 1441 was not necessary .
Goldsmith has told the inquiry he changed his mind " for good reasons " but has not spelled them out , nor yet been asked by the inquiry what they were .
The change appears to have happened in late February 2003 , just before the war , when he told the prime minister 's advisers that there was " a reasonable case " that a second UN resolution was not needed .
This was sufficient to constitute a " green light , " he said .
His previous advice had been preliminary .
The former attorney general spoke of the government as his " client " .
He said the prime minister had told him at a meeting shortly before the war : " ' I do understand that your advice is your advice . '
He accepted it was for me to reach a judgment and he had to accept that . "
Goldsmith told the inquiry that he subsequently learned , over lunch with the French ambassador to London , that the French government did not believe it was necessary either .
In the run-up to the war , the French president , Jacques Chirac , had made clear that France would not support a new resolution .
Goldsmith has also told the inquiry that in his judgment regime change was not a legitimate basis for the invasion .
He told the inquiry he had not attended cabinet meetings or cabinet committees discussing the possibility of war during 2002 and that he gleaned information about possible allied military plans from the press .
He said " it would have been better " if he had attended cabinet ; his judgement would have been important once the government 's course of action had been agreed .
Goldsmith said : " My judgment was that there was not an imminence of threat that would justify us resorting to the use of force . "
He said that he did not think his advice was welcome to the prime minister .
Smiling , he told the inquiry : " I do n't know , you 'd have to ask Mr Blair that . "
The former prime minister is to appear before the inquiry on Friday .
He told the inquiry that he had told the then defence secretary , Geoff Hoon , that he was wrong to say that there was a clear basis for military action .
Goldsmith told the inquiry that the three justifications for the use of force against Iraq would have been self - defence , to avert a humanitarian catastrophe or authorisation by the UN .
He said he did not agree with the US policy of pre-emption .
" The self - defence argument did not apply .
There was no immediate threat , " he said .
Goldsmith added that he was frustrated by the government 's decision not to declassify some documents – a frustration clearly shared by Sir John Chilcot , chairman of the inquiry .
The former attorney general told the panel : " What I was anxious to do was to reach correct legal advice .
I also had some concerns about public statements being made about what our position would be . "
Arturo Beltran Leyva was killed in a flat south of Mexico City
Six Mexican forensics experts have been suspended for allegedly altering the crime scene after the killing of top drugs cartel boss Arturo Beltran Leyva .
The cartel chief 's half naked , bullet - ridden body was photographed with bloodstained banknotes laid across it .
He was killed earlier this month after a lengthy gun battle between cartel members and security forces .
The suspended workers have claimed that an unnamed federal official ordered them to alter the scene .
The Mexican Interior Department has denied that any federal official was involved .
Those suspended include a criminal expert , a photographer , and a doctor , officials said .
Investigators are trying to establish whether they placed the money and other objects on the drug cartel leader 's corpse , the Efe news agency reported .
ARTURO BELTRAN LEYVA
One of Mexico 's most - wanted drug traffickers Had $ 2.3 m bounty on his head One of five brothers
Profile : Beltran Leyva cartel Q&A : Mexico drug violence
They face disciplinary action for failing to respect the proper procedures for the removal of a corpse .
Arturo Beltran Leyva led one of Mexico 's most powerful and violent drugs gangs .
He is one of five brothers who split from the Sinaloa cartel and aligned themselves with Los Zetas , a group of former soldiers hired by the Gulf Cartel as hit men .
The split is believed to have fuelled much of the bloodshed across Mexico , where more than 14,000 people have died in drugs - related violence since 2006 .
He was killed after troops raided his flat south of Mexico City on 16 December .
Shortly afterwards , gunmen targeted the family of a marine who died in the raid , killing four of them in an apparent reprisal .
A stunning ring around the moon , also known as a lunar halo , was spotted again last night .
Just to recap , this happens when “ light is refracted ( or bent ) by ice crystals , making a 22 degree halo . ”
Video after the break .
A halo around the moon forms in the same way a halo around the sun forms .
Weather folklores say that a halo around the sun or moon means bad weather is on the way .
Enlarge By Stan Godlewski for USA TODAY
Time to pack up ( again ) : Conan O'Brien , seen here during last year 's move from New York to Los Angeles , has struck an exit deal with NBC worth nearly $ 45 million .
He 'll receive around $ 33 M with the remainder going to staff severance .
JANUARY TV CALENDAR JANUARY TV CALENDAR WHAT'S ON TV TONIGHT ?
WHAT'S ON TV TONIGHT ?
Tonight Show .
But even before Tonight 's chair on March 1 , the courtship ritual has begun for O'Brien 's next gig .
Conan O'Brien departs NBC tonight after a 17 - year career and a mere seven months in his dream job , hosting its .
But even before Jay Leno reclaims 's chair on March 1 , the courtship ritual has begun for O'Brien 's next gig .
Under terms of a settlement reached early Thursday , NBC will pay the host $ 33 million — the balance of his three - year contract .
An additional $ 12 million goes to laid - off producers and staff .
( Conan 's Tonight Show will be in reruns until the Olympics . )
Until Sept. 1 , he can't work elsewhere ; for a shorter period of time , he can't disparage NBC , appear on other talk shows or do interviews .
His signature comedy bits will die with his career at NBC , which owns them .
On Thursday 's show , O'Brien joked that among the terms of his exit , " I am prohibited from coming within 500 yards of 11:30 " and he must " watch at least one NBC show every weeknight in order to double ratings . "
O'Brien 's representatives say they 've already heard from several networks expressing interest in him .
Fox is most interested in a nightly talk show , though it must first arm - twist stations to give up their profitable late - night reruns .
" He actually has a TV tonality more appropriate for Fox than he did for NBC , " says John Rash of ad firm Campbell Mithun .
NBC Universal TV chief Jeff Gaspin says Leno's prime - time failure , and losses at the suddenly lower - rated Tonight Show estimated at $ 20 million , left the network unable to wait for O'Brien 's audience to grow .
" We thought it was possible he 'd understand the difficult situation we were in " by agreeing to move his show a half - hour later , to 12:05 ET / PT , Gaspin says .
But O'Brien refused , expressing " enormous personal disappointment " and vowing he would n't " participate in what I honestly believe is ( Tonight 's ) destruction . "
That triggered 10 days of legal wrangling , scathing jokes and sharply higher ratings for Tonight .
Supportive rivals David Letterman and Jimmy Kimmel traded barbs with Leno , whom Gaspin gave a semi-ringing endorsement .
" We hope and expect he will be part of Tonight as long as he wants to be ( and ) as long as it's working for us , " he says .
" People form habits , and we shook things up .
But over time , Jay will be the late - night leader again . "
He also expects improvement at 10 with shows that replace Leno March 1 , and put on ice any new low - cost ploys .
" We now have the ability to start rebuilding NBC in a more traditional way , " he says .
" At a later date , after we have more strength , we can try new models again . "
Google Officially Launches Phone Nexus One
Web search giant Google officially announced its own smartphone , the Nexus One on Tuesday ending months of speculations .
Nexus
One was designed by HTC and boasts of having the latest Android mobile operating system – the Android 2.1 .
Also announced is the Google Phone Marketplace .
Google was not satisfied with just becoming an operating systems and software developers , it also wants to become a retailer of its own products .
The site currently sells only one product obviously and that is Nexus One .
The price is $ 529 .
The phone can also be bought for $ 179 in a two - year contract with T - Mobile .
The specifications almost match the speculations that were written about it before .
The list is as follows :
The Clojure debug - repl - Dec 7 , 2009
Intro
Every time I stick a println into some Clojure code to debug it , I think to myself , " This is Lisp !
I should be able to insert a repl here ! "
The problem is of course that Clojure 's eval function does n't know about the surrounding lexical scope .
So I started asking myself , what is the simplest change I could make to Clojure to support an eval that understands that scope ?
Then I tried to implement it .
Basically , here 's what I came up with .
1. Modify the Clojure compiler so that when a flag is turned on , it stores references to the lexical scope in a dynamic var .
Thus , each time the compiler creates a new lexical scope , it also emits the byte code to push a hash - map with the details onto the var .
When that scope ends , the byte code for popping the hash - map off the var is emitted .
2 . Then in Clojure proper , add a special version of eval that uses that var .
It wraps the form being eval 'ed in a " let " that emulates the original lexical scope , something like this :
` ( eval ( let [ ~@ ( make - let - bindings ( : lexical - frames ( var - get ( resolve context ) ) ) ) ] ~ form ) )
With those two pieces , it 's straight - forward creating a " debug - repl " that understands the surrounding lexical scope .
Use
The interface is pretty simple :
" ( use ' clojure.debug ) " loads it , and " ( debug - repl ) " invokes it .
You 'll need to turn on lexical frame capture by surrounding your code with " with - lexical - frame " .
You can also use the convenience macros , " defn - debug " , " defmacro- debug " , and " deftest - debug " to wrap the corresponding def form in " with - lexical - frame " .
That 's about it .
When you enter the debug - repl , the regular repl prompt will be replaced with
dr =>
Some examples will make it clearer :
user= > ( use ' clojure.debug ) user= > ( with - lexical - frames ( let [ c 1 d 2 ] ( defn a [ b c ] ( debug - repl ) d ) ) ) #'user / a user= > ( a 22 ( java.io .
File . " / " ) ) dr => b 22 dr => c #< File /> dr => d 2 dr => (* b d ) 44 dr => ( seq ( .listFiles c ) ) ( #< File / lost + found > #< File / var > #< File / media > #< File /etc > #< File / cdrom > ... dr => 2 user= >
You can also use the " get- context " macro to save the context to a global var and debug it separately after running the code that created it :
user= > ( use ' clojure.debug ) user= > ( with - lexical - frames ( let [ c 1 d 2 ] ( defn a [ b c ] ( get- context saved - context ) d ) ) ) #'user / a user= > ( a 22 ( java.io .
File . " / " ) ) 2 user= > ( debug - repl saved - context ) dr => b 22 dr => c #< File /> dr => d 2 dr => nil user= >
For a more interesting example , try adding the debug - repl to the contrib repl-utils " member - details " function , ( which is used by the " show " function ) like so :
diff -- git a/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils.clj
b/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils.clj index 2864179..fc64e04 100644 --- a/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils.clj
+++ b/src/clojure/contrib/repl_utils.clj @@ - 41,3 +41,4 @@ -( defn - member - details [ m ] +( use ' clojure.debug ) +( defn - debug member - details [ m ] ( let [ static ?
( Modifier / isStatic ( .getModifiers m ) ) @@ - 53,2 +54,3 @@ ( str ( .getSimpleName ( .getType m ) ) ) ) ) ) ] + ( debug - repl ) ( assoc ( bean m )
Then explore it by invoking show like this :
user= > ( use ' clojure.debug ) user= > ( ns clojure.contrib.repl-utils ) clojure.contrib.repl-utils= > ( use ' clojure.contrib.repl-utils ) clojure.contrib.repl-utils= > ( show Object ) dr => ctor ? false dr => m #< Method public final native void java.lang.Object.wait( long ) throws java.lang.InterruptedException > dr => ( bean m ) {:genericReturnType void , :declaringClass java.lang .Object , :typeParameters ... dr => [ ( not static ? ) method ?
( sortable text ) ] [ true true " wait : void ( long ) 0000 " ] dr => ( assoc ( bean m ) : sort-val [ ( not static ? ) method ?
( sortable text ) ] : text text : member m ) {: sort-val [ true true " wait : void ( long ) 0000 " ] , :genericReturnType void , : text ... dr =>
Getting / Building the debug - repl source
The source is in the debug - repl branch of my Clojure fork on github .
Get it like so :
git clone git://github.com/GeorgeJahad/clojure.git cd clojure git checkout -- track - b debug - repl origin / debug - repl ant
Limitations
Does n't work with Slime repl yet
The debug - repl does n't currently integrate properly with the slime - repl , ( I think because of how Slime manages IO redirection , ) so you 'll have to invoke it from a regular repl .
This is high on my list of things to fix .
Hope to have a solution soon .
Let frames are n't generated till the end of the binding vector
As a simplication , I chose for now not to post the lexical frame for a let binding until after the entire binding is complete .
This means putting a debug - repl somewhere within a let binding vector is no different from putting it immediately before the start of that let binding .
I want to fix this fairly soon .
Transients
I have n't made any attempt to handle as they are changed .
Letfn bindings are n't yet stored .
Just have n't gotten around to it yet , ( since I do n't use letfn ) .
Comments / Suggestions
Send any comments / suggestions to George Jahad at " george - clojure at blackbirdsystems.net " or to the main clojure mailing list :
http://groups.google.com/group/clojure
( NaturalNews ) recently unveiled a story about industry lobbyists and the power they have over the United States Congress .
Examination of a series of statements made by 42 Congressmen revealed that Twenty - two Republicans and 20 Democrats were found to have included some or all of Genentech 's pro-biotechnology rhetoric during various speeches .
Hearers began to notice identical , word - for - word statements being made by various Congressmen , all of which was traced back to Washington lobbyists hired by Genentech .
It was discovered that , one for Republicans and one for Democrats .
The company approached Congress and urged them to make supporting statements about biotechnology for inclusion into the Congressional Record .
All statements were designed in support of the health care reform bill and its provisions for bolstering the biotechnology industry .
Representative Bill Pascrell Jr. , a Democrat from New Jersey caught reciting lobbyist verbage , denied that he knew from where his statements originated .
Claiming ignorance , he purports that the information was provided to him by his staff and that he was unaware of its source .
Other Congressmen cited for using lobbyist propaganda include Reps. Robert A. Brady ( D - PA ) , Phil Hare ( D - IL ) , Blaine Luetkemeyer ( R- MO ) , Joe Wilson ( R- SC ) , Donald M. Payne ( D - NJ ) , and Yvette D. Clarke ( D - NY ) . found that Genentech has an extensive history of lobbying efforts that include preparing pre-written talking points specifically for Congress to include in the Congressional Record .
Uncovered emails revealed that Genentech desired to aggressively appeal to Congress to include as many of its statements as possible in the Congressional Record .
Company employees have even hosted fundraisers for many of the lawmakers they petitioned , a blatant conflict of interest .
A lobbyist closely associated with Genentech described the ghostwriting practice as " business as usual " , stating that it happens all the time in the industry .
Stating that there was nothing " nefarious " about the practice , a company representative defended the practice as both legitimate and customary .
(!)
Despite the fact that the practice is both unethical and deceptive , industry spokesmen continue to defend what they are doing as normal , everyday operating procedure .
Such a notion exemplifies the unscrupulous manner in which drug and biotechnology companies run their operations .
It also illustrates that they have no qualms about manipulating Congress and lying to the public to achieve their goals .
( Newser ) – There ’s no tactful way to relate this story , so here it is : A UK man got his penis so horribly stuck inside of a steel pipe Tuesday that it took seven firefighters and a metal grinder to get it out .
The man had initially been rushed to a hospital , but doctors were unable to remove the pipe because restricted blood flow had caused the penis to become too aroused , the Sun reports .
It took firefighters 30 minutes to cut the pipe off , leaving the penis within bruised and swollen , but otherwise unharmed .
“ It was a very delicate operation that required a very steady hand , ” said one fireman .
“ It ’s certainly an unusual call - out and I ’m sure the man wo n’t be getting into that situation again . ”
The 40 - year - old would n’t say how he ’d gotten into the situation in the first place .
In related news , Newser now has a “ Less Gossip ” button , and yes , using it would have spared you this .
( Read more penis stories . )
It appears that poorly crafted law is going to mean no prosecutions for any of the CRU collaborators in the now famous leaked emails and documents .
This from The Bishop Hill blog :
I ’ve just come off the phone to the investigations office at the Information Commissioner ’s office .
I had made a request for information to UEA that , while only peripherally related to Climategate , has now turned up some interesting new information .
My original request was from a couple of years ago , asking for any correspondence between the CRU ’s Mike Hulme and the BBC in relation to a body called the Cambridge Media and Environment Programme ( see here for some background on this story ) .
The original response from UEA was that all Prof Hulme ’s emails prior to 2005 had been lost , an admission that appears rather embarrassing in the light of CRU ’s suggestion that they had lost some of their original temperature data .
However , when the Climategate emails were released I noticed several email from Mike Hulme predating 2005 , which appeared to contradict the earlier assertion that all such emails had been lost .
Intrigued , I wrote to the Information Commissioner asking that this be investigated and today I had my response .
First off , I was told that while there appeared to be a problem , I needed to be clear that there would be no prosecutions under the terms of the Freedom of Information Act , regardless of the final outcome of the investigation .
Although withholding or destroying information is a criminal offence under the terms of the Act , apparently no prosecutions can be brought for offences committed more than six months prior .
As anyone who has made a UK FoI request knows , it can take six months to exhaust the internal review process before the ICO even becomes involved .
The ICO can then take another six months before starting his investigation .
March Storm to return in 2010
From 1995 through 2008 a group of space advocates ( organized in most years by the grassroots lobbying group ProSpace ) held an annual lobbying blitz on Capitol Hill called March Storm ( so named for the month the event took place ) .
ProSpace did not perform a March Storm in 2009 , though , citing “ resource and time limitations ” .
However , according to an email from the Space Frontier Foundation this morning , March Storm will return in 2010 .
The event is still in the “ early planning process ” , according to the message , and how it will be run is n’t clear : the email referred to “ The Space Frontier Foundation ’s March Storm 2010 ″ , and not “ ProSpace ’s March Storm 2010 ″ .
“ I think that it ’s critical that Congress hears a pro-space ( as opposed to a pro-industry or pro-NASA ) agenda often .
We had many successes as a result of our past efforts , ” said Mike Heney , the March Storm project manager .
“ Which is why I was saddened when March Storm was allowed to fade away – and why I ’ve decided to join with a group of like - minded March Storm veterans to resurrect this valuable event . ”
The web page for BOOK OF PROOF has moved !
Here is the new link
- Richard
We 're here and ready to help you with doubleTwist Music Player .
Visit our help pages or get support .
[ Update : On cue , DiPietro was indeed skating -- a lot -- with the Islanders this morning , and shared some good quotes on how he 's feeling and what this road has been like .
This situation just got real . ]
Mike Fornabaio of the Connecticut Post has a nice write - up on Rick DiPietro 's second start of the weekend for AHL Bridgeport .
He allowed four goals on 39 shots in a 4 - 3 loss to Worcester .
Fornabaio reports the Islanders ' goalie braintrust , Sudsie and Dunham , were happy with his progress -- and both remarked about the stark contrast between practice mentality and game " every shot matters " mentality .
Fornabaio also said DiPietro faced a lot of quality shots , and certainly looked like a guy who had no trouble with the constant movement required of a 60 - minute game with a barrage of shots .
The Islanders are out West for a three - game stint Wednesday through Saturday of this week .
Barring an injury setback in the morning , that 's two healthy starts for DiPietro in three nights .
Which means
The Franchise with the 15 - year deal is likely headed back to his NHL home .
Which means we 're now tantalizingly close to a Three Goalies ' Company situation to spice up 2010 .
Are you ready ?
Enjoy the ride .
A Southern California filmmaker found inspiration from the United States Supreme Court last week .
After the justices put the kibosh on plans to show the Proposition 8 trial on YouTube , John Ireland saw an opportunity .
He decided he would reenact what happened in court and post his creation on the Web and on YouTube .
He put together a cast of 25 volunteer actors through a casting call on the SAG - approved casting network , then used partial transcripts from the trial and blogs reports to put together a script .
The team started with opening statements and plan to keep going until a verdict is read .
Just a few days into the project , his band of volunteers are hunkered down at the campus of USC reading off prompters , telling a story they hope viewers will find compelling .
Ireland said he is not editorializing the trial and is trying to " hold true to each witness " who takes the stand .
Ireland says he hopes to post the first episode Tuesday night or Wednesday morning .
When asked about funding , Ireland said so far he 's spent $ 27 on bagels and water , adding it was an all - volunteer project .
He said he 's filming at USC because that is where he has access to a law adviser .
Ireland and crew will post their creation on www.marriagetrial.com, followed by a posting on YouTube .
The nation 's banks will be bombarding customers with new fees and products in 2010 as they try to replace more than $ 50 billion in revenue wiped out by new rules that clamp down on certain business practices .
So far , the changes are mostly concentrated in checking accounts and credit cards .
In addition to attaching new fees to old products , banks are introducing new types of accounts that they hope will reel in new customers and reduce their funding costs .
For ...
Otterly fabulous :
The artist who has been painting his furry friends for 20 years
He 's studiously observed otters for 20 years carefully sketching and painting their every detail .
So when it came to his book launch , well it was natural they had to be there .
Derek Robertson , one of Scotland 's leading wildlife artists , today held a book signing accompanied by some of his subjects .
I 'm not really sure you 've captured my likeness there , you know :
Tay the otter takes a moment to look at the work of wildlife artist Derek Robertson
One otter named Tay even dabbed its paws in ink and wandered over copies of the book to leave its own signature of approval .
At the otter enclosure at Camperdown Wildlife Centre in Dundee Mr Robertson spoke of his time as a wildlife artist .
' The book took a year to complete and brings together a collection of sketches , paintings , and essays on otters , and looks back on 20 years observing them all over Scotland , ' he said .
' They are amazing creatures and I never tire of observing them .
' I'm really happy with how the book has turned out , and I hope that people enjoy it as much as I have in putting it together . '
The semi-aquatic fish - eating mammals are related to the weasal family and are found along the coast of Scotland and the Shetlands .
Although they are found here in salt water they need access to freshwater pools to clean their insulating fur .
It would n't be complete without his signature .
Tay wanders over blank canvas
Derek Robertson has observed otters for 20 years .
Here is one of the sketches in his new book
Wyoming Voters Snap Up $ 10,000 Renewable Energy Grants Their Senators Opposed
January 18th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
In just the first ten days , Wyoming voters used up their share in the funds from The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act designed to end dependence on dirty energy .
They voted with their feet against the Senators they sent to vote for dirty energy .
[ social_buttons ]
Wyoming voters chose Senators whose party policy as Republicans is to put up persistent obstruction to climate and renewable energy legislation , and both its Republican Senators voted against The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
The ARRA funds a level of green energy projects that has led to the Obama Administration ’s Department of Energy being described as running a Manhattan Project for clean energy .
The Wyoming State Energy Office ran out of its allocated $ 2.25 million ARRA funding in less than 10 days in December – which it had expected would take 6 months to use up .
The program offered grants of up to $ 10,000 or 50 percent of project costs , whichever was less , for adding renewable energy at Wyoming homes .
Homeowners may be able to start installing the projects as soon as next month , with reimbursement based on spending invoices and other verification .
By combining the grant with the 30 % tax credit that now reduces the cost of any renewable energy project , Wyoming voters now stand to gain energy independence at an affordable rate .
The rest of the nation can benefit too .
Wyoming is 90 % coal powered and so its residents are stuck with the highest carbon footprint in the nation , just to keep the same TVs and iPods on that Californians can do at half the carbon footprint .
So it was a very good choice to fund the switch , and the good people of Wyoming chose wisely in adding their clean renewable power to Wyoming ’s dirty grid .
But both Senator Barasso and Senator Enzi of Wyoming stand with Senator Inhofe and all but two Republicans on climate change , persistently obstructing legislation like the Production Tax Credit , or the against the Renewable Portfolio Standard that makes climate - safe renewable energy cheaper or easier for voters to switch to .
Both Senators opposed the last major renewable energy bill , until the 30 % tax credit for renewable energy was finally snuck into the “ must approve ” Bank Bailout Bill in November of 2008 .
US law gives a disproportionate voice to small states .
Regardless of population , each state has two Senators , which unbalances the nation ’s representation .
Two Senators represent a mere 365,685 people of voting age in Wyoming .
If the US divided its 100 Senators equally among all of its voters , rather than assigning two Senators per state , regardless of how few voters reside in the state , then it is estimated that it would be able to pass progressive policy to make the switch to renewable energy as Europe has been able to do .
There were another $ 2 million in requests for funding for projects to install solar , wind or ground - source heat energy systems to power Wyoming homes , when the funding ran out .
Image : Flikr User Joanna8555
Source : Billings Gazette
More from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
James Cameron obviously is n't afraid to speak his mind .
The director of Avatar and Titanic sparked a feud with Fox News pundit Glenn Beck in March during a press junket for his movie Avatar .
Now , he 's made fast enemies with British Petroleum .
After the oil company turned down Cameron 's offer to help mastermind a response to the oil spill , he unleashed his wrath at the D8 tech conference in Los Angeles .
" Those morons do n't know what they 're doing , " he fumed .
While this latest outburst may be the most well - publicized , it certainly is n't the first .
Here , ten more of Cameron 's most outspoken declarations :
1 . On his new career goal — saving mankind
" At this point I ’m less interested in making money for the movie and more interested in saving the world that my children are going to inhabit . "
— During his now infamous press junket interview for the DVD release of Avatar
2 . On his willingness to interact with an Avatar fan :
" I do n't owe you a f*cking signature .
Just get out of my f*cking personal space . " ?
— Caught on tape as Cameron was leaving the LAX airport ( 2010 )
3 . On the relative importance of his bladder :
" I 'm going try to make this as brief as I can , because frankly , I have to pee something fierce . "
— While accepting the " Best Director " award at this year 's Golden Globes ( 2010 )
4 . On the pointlessness of asking him to direct a movie he did n't write :
" I do n't look at scripts .
I just write them . "
— Attributed to Cameron by IMDB ( circa 1988 )
5 . On the humbling experience of selling three scripts within months of each other :
" I have n't paid for lunch in two weeks . "
— In reference to his success with Terminator , Rambo , and Aliens ( circa 1983 )
6 . On why men prefer fantasy heroines to their wives and girlfriends :
" A big recalibration happens when [ men are ] forced to deal with real women .
Let 's face it : real women are complicated . "
— From a " Playboy " interview destined to rank very low among feminists ' favorite " Playboy " interviews ( 2009 )
7 . On his vision for Neytiri , Avatar 's female heroine :
" Right from the beginning , I said , she 's got to have tits . " ?
— From the same " Playboy " Q&A ( 2009 )
8 . On his love for cinema :
" I made Titanic because I wanted to dive to the shipwreck , not because I particularly wanted to make the movie … I said , I 'll make a Hollywood movie to pay for an expedition …
Titanic was about f*ck you money . "
— From the same " Playboy " Q&A ( 2009 )
9 . On winning the " Best Director " Oscar for Titanic :
" I'm the king of the world … whooooo ! "
— Irrefutable proof , say some , of Cameron 's " celebrity hubris " ( 1998 )
10 .
On his willingness to spread the gospel of self - congratulation :
" We all have the best job in the world .
Give it up !
Give it up for yourselves ! "
— While accepting the Best Drama Golden Globe for Avatar ( 2010 )
This article was originally posted on March 25
There 's a hilarious new meme in the wingnut sectors of the internet : someone 's coined a bumper sticker slogan encouraging people to pray for Barack Obama .
But here 's the funny part : it 's really a secret Christian code for " Kill the President ! '
Posters to various message boards tell stories of seeing bumper stickers with the message " Pray for Obama — Psalm 109:8 " on the highway , only to look up the verse and find , " Let his days be few ; and let another take his office . "
People — like the commenter " Panama " on INGunOwners.com , to pick one guy completely at random — think this is " too funny . "
The next verse in Psalms is , " Let his children be fatherless , and his wife a widow . "
Anyway , now it 's a real thing : CafePress is selling T - shirts and bumper stickers , the Christian Science Monitor is wondering whether it's " funny or sinister " to pray for Obama 's death , and Rachel Maddow referenced it last night on her show .
UPDATE : CafePress appears to have halted sales of all the Psalm 109:8 - related merchandise .
Psalm 109 is known as " A Cry for Vengeance , " which is one of the foundational values of Christianity , along with small - business tax cuts .
It 's actually quite a little psalm , as psalms go , and the opening lines sound really familiar :
Hold not thy peace , O God of my praise ;
for the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me : they have spoken against me with a lying tongue .
They compassed me about also with words of hatred ; and fought against me without a cause .
Then it gets into the part where you pray for God to smite Barack Obama and condemn Malia and Sasha to poverty for the rest of their lives , a fate they deserve because they sprang from the loins of the sinful :
Let his children be continually vagabonds , and beg : let them seek their bread also out of their desolate places .
The Psalm 109:8 gag is one in what 's becoming a long line of cheekily coded Obama death threats :
There was the classified ad someone placed in a Pennsylvania paper hoping that he follows in " the footsteps of Lincoln , Garfield , McKinley , and Kennedy , " all of whom were assassinated .
And there was the gun-toting New Hampshire teabagger with a sign saying it is time to " water the tree of liberty " — a reference to Thomas Jefferson 's reminder that the tree of liberty must be watered from time to time with the " blood of tyrants and patriots . "
Why not a T - shirt that says , " Will Somebody Please Kill That Guy Already ? "
The word games are getting tedious .
If you want Barack Obama to die and for curses to " come into his bowels like water , and like oil into his bones , " and for his name to be blotted out in one generation , just say so !
Here 's our favorite part of Psalm 109 :
Let mine adversaries be clothed with shame ; and let them cover themselves with their own confusion , as with a mantle .
That sounds about right .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
BANG !
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:06 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:06 ,
Hahahaa , nicely edited !
Source looks painful to start with , never mind what you did to it !
( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:06 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:06 ,
hahahahhahahaha
( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:07 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:07 ,
Fuck !
( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:08 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:08 ,
hahaha;0
nice : DD ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:08 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:08 ,
BANG !
and the head is gone ! ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:08 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:08 ,
Make the blood ooze down the wall !
( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:10 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:10 ,
ooh good idea :D
( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:12 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:12 ,
Lmao
Best gif ever :D ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:17 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:17 ,
Hahaha
Have a click ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:28 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:28 ,
Unnecessary violence :(
( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:32 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:32 ,
haha !
* click *
BTW I know who the sniper is nice blood splatter - Action Essentials ?*click*BTW
I know who the sniper is www.vimeo.com/7805804 archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:41 ,
yup , I finally forked out for some decent stuff
well worth doing :D
ooh top video ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 1:20 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 1:20 ,
hahaha
this is going to be a myspace ad in a few weeks , i'm sure ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:54 , archived ) ( , Mon 11 Jan 2010 , 0:54 ,
" The advantage of this work is precisely to conserve literature and allow people to access it .
Right now we 're simply the most advanced company in this area . "
In his speech at the Elysée yesterday , Mr Sarkozy said that public groups like Google could be part of the venture but the state would be very much in charge .
What else can one say when a prominent , and formerly reputable , philosopher lends the fame of his name to endorse the latest misleading hatchet job on biological science by Stephen Meyer , one of the key figures in the Discovery [ sic ]
Institute ?
Scientists are already taking note of this embarrassing display ( and see here ) , which just invites ridicule of the profession :
In a previous post , I said , " Whenever scientific subjects are discussed , you can count on some philosopher to chime in with something really stupid . "
Here 's another example .
Thomas Nagel , a philosopher of some repute , nominates Stephen Meyer 's Signature in the Cell as his pick for book of the year in the Times Literary Supplement .
Does Nagel have any biological training ?
None that I could see .
Does he know anything about evolution or abiogenesis ?
Not if he thinks Meyer has any valid contribution to make .
Did he bother to check if biologists think Meyer 's book is a good contribution to the literature ?
I doubt it .
Did Nagel spot all the phony claims
Meyer makes about information ?
I doubt it again ....
It 's sad to see such an eminent philosopher ( Nagel ) make a fool of himself with this recommendation .
It is sad , but it is also a reason to be angry , since he's not simply making a fool of himself , he 's giving ammunition to those who campaign , relentlessly , to undermine biology education in the public schools .
( The pathological liars at the Discovery [ sic ]
Institute are already all over this and other creationists also realize the public relations value of this endorsement . )
Regarding what actual experts think of Mr. Meyer 's work , do see this and this and this .
There is also a patient dissection of the book from a religious biochemist here .
( And for even more on Meyer and the Discovery [ sic ]
Institute , these two items are illuminating . )
This latest embarrassment comes on the heels , of course , of last year 's comically bad -- and obviously not peer - reviewed - - article about teaching Intelligent Design in the public schools and the Dover decision ( here ) , in which Nagel largely made up what the Dover court said and made a mash of the science as well ( that article was almost entirely footnote - free for very good reason ) .
But for Philosophy & Public Affairs 's wholly corrupt practice of letting the ' inside circle ' of cronies publish without actual editorial oversight , this article could never have appeared in a reputable scholarly journal .
For those outside philosophy or new to it , Nagel 's best work -- primarily ( though not entirely ) in moral philosophy -- is well - represented by his 1978 collection Mortal Questions and his 1970 book The Possibility of Altruism .
( He also has a very fine , short introduction to philosophy : What Does It All Mean ? )
Much of his philosophical work reflects an interest in the tension between " objective " and " subjective " points of view , for example , in his best - known contribution outside ethics , a paper ( reprinted in Mortal Questions ) on " What is it like to be a bat ? " ( challenging the ability of materialist accounts of the mind to capture the subjective character of experience ) .
He has never made any contributions , or manifested any expertise , in the philosophical fields most relevant to assessing the issues raised by Meyer 's work , such as philosophy of biology ; that lack of expertise need n't have been fatal to a philosopher 's judgment on these matters , of course , though in Nagel 's case it may have been .
Given that his careless ignorance in these matters may have repercussions for actual schoolchildren ( since the Discovery [ sic ]
Institute 's main activity is lobbying school boards consisting of laypeople , not scientists , to undermine the integrity of biology education in the public schools ) , one wishes he would behave more responsibly .
UPDATE : The TLS has just published a letter from a chemist about Nagel 's little " recommendation " ; the whole thing is worth reading ( scroll down for it ) , but here 's a key bit :
[ Nagel ] should not promote the book to the rest of us using statements that are factually incorrect .
In describing Meyer ’s book , Nagel tells us that it “ . . . is a detailed account of the problem of how life came into existence from lifeless matter – something that had to happen before the process of biological evolution could begin ” ( my italics ) .
Well , no .
Natural selection is in fact a chemical process as well as a biological process , and it was operating for about half a billion years before the earliest cellular life forms appear in the fossil record .
Compounding this error , Nagel adds that “ Meyer takes up the prior question of how the immensely complex and exquisitely functional chemical structure of DNA , which cannot be explained by natural selection because it makes natural selection possible , could have originated without an intentional cause . ”
Again , this is woefully incorrect .
Natural selection does not require DNA ; on the contrary , DNA is itself the product of natural selection .
That is the point .
Indeed , before DNA there was another hereditary system at work , less biologically fit than DNA , most likely RNA ( ribonucleic acid ) .
Readers who wish to know more about this topic are strongly advised to keep their hard - earned cash in their pockets , forgo Meyer ’s book , and simply read “ RNA world ” on Wikipedia .
ANOTHER : David Wallace , a philosopher of physics at Oxford University , writes :
The worst consequence of his actions is doubtless the damage done to the anti-creationist fight – but it ’s bad news for philosophy of science too .
It ’s infuriating for those of us who work in technical bits of philosophy of science when this kind of thing happens – it contributes to the very widespread view amongst scientists that philosophy is a waste of time and that philosophers do n’t know what they ’re talking about .
It ’s uphill work trying to get ( e.g. ) physicists to take philosophy of physics seriously , and this kind of thing only makes it worse .
Updated
In addition to ignoring support for Adobe Flash , multitasking , and a few other niceties in its new iPad , Apple seems to have ignored one other important detail : it does n't own the name " iPad . "
Fujitsu says it does .
" It 's our understanding that the name is ours , " Fujitsu's PR director Masahiro Yamane told The New York Times on Thursday .
The iPad : sleek , touchscreen - equipped , mobile - and from Fujitsu
Like the Apple iPad , the Fujitsu iPad ( PDF ) - which has been around since 2002 - is a mobile device with a touchscreen display .
Fujisu 's model , however , is part of that company 's point - of - sale retail offerings .
And Fujitsu is n't the only iPad maker out there .
Magtek also manufactures its own iPad encrypted credit - card swiper , Seimens uses the name iPad in conjunction with its engines and motors , and a Canadian company even offers a breast - enhancing iPad bra - and trust us , we scoured the web for an image of that product , but to no avail .
According to the NYT , Magtek 's iPad threw a spanner into the trademarking of Fujitsu's iPad , leading to its abandonment of its trademarking effort in early 2007 .
Fujitsu did , however , resubmit that application in June .
In July , says the NYT , Apple " used a proxy to apply for an international trademark for the iPad , " has since submitted multiple requests for additional time to contest Fujitsu 's application , and has until the end of next month to decide whether it will formally contest Fujitsu 's right to the name " iPad . "
No word on whether Canada 's Coconut Grove Pads will enter the trademark battle , but since its products are substantially different from Fujitsu's , Magtek 's , or Apple 's , we believe that any such effort would be a bust .
We do , however , note one aspect of the Fujitsu iPad that might stick in Cupertino 's craw .
According to the Japanese iPad 's spec sheet , it comes " equipped with Microsoft Windows CE . NET operating system . " ®
Bootnote
From Reg reader David Smith comes a spate of other iPads that Apple might want to be aware of : a Chinese defibrillator ( " Saef and relaible design " ) , a pre-fab home by a New Zealand architect , a proposed residential tower in Dubai , BeOS 's Internet Personal Access Device , the " world 's most hacker - proof operating system , " a commercial - kitchen Bump Bar Unit ( " designed for harsh kitchen environments " ) , and a memo - taking iPhone and iPod touch app that 's available , of all places , in Apple 's own online App Store .
Alexandre Dulaunoy .
Would you use this object if it came with restrictions ?
Photo — of a hacked Moleskin , ironically — ( CC-BY-SA
Apple ’s iPad is here .
It starts at $ 499 .
It ’s a gorgeous , brilliantly - designed device that has the benefits of Apple ’s cleverly - engineered , best - in - class developer tools for mobile .
A lot are likely to sell .
And unfortunately , to me that means bad news for the kind of creative computing we talk about on this site .
To put it briefly , I think the new , mobile Apple is doing immense harm to the computing legacy the company has forged .
We could have had a Mac tablet today .
Instead , we have a giant iPhone – and that ’s a decision that has some serious repercussions .
It ’s a blow to open source alternatives , but also to open development in general : the power of interchangeable hardware and software , on which everything we do with music and visuals on computers is based .
For years , the Mac community railed against the perceived closed nature of Microsoft .
Now , many are rallying behind an Apple with a vision more closed than Redmond’s .
This is important to both CDMs , because it ’s on both these sites that I , along with readers and contributors , have advocated open computing as a creative outlet , for creation , sharing , and distribution of music , visuals , and knowledge .
I ’m entirely biased by my own perspective .
There are certain things I care about , that I believe in .
I can talk about the technical , measurable values of each of those , but I can only speak for myself .
With that in mind , the iPad , in a single device , embodies the exact opposite of all the reasons I ’ve invested so much time in computing for the last 25 years .
It ’s a closed platform .
As with the iPhone , development for the iPad means reliance on Apple ’s tools , on the use of proprietary Apple hardware and software just to build an app .
Now , those could be worthy sacrifices for a great product .
But it also means that Apple alone distributes applications , and decides which applications developers will be allowed to create – something that has never been true on a computing OS .
Since the unveiling of the iPhone SDK , Apple apologists argued that somehow this was a decision made by phone carriers , that surely their beloved Apple was not to blame .
Yet Apple has chosen that path for a device that , while it lacks a keyboard , otherwise looks for all the world like a computer – like something that could have been a Mac , with all the power and freedom of a Mac , instead of an iPhone .
As with the iPhone , development for the iPad means reliance on Apple ’s tools , on the use of proprietary Apple hardware and software just to build an app .
Now , those could be worthy sacrifices for a great product .
But it also means that Apple alone distributes applications , and decides which applications developers will be allowed to create – something that has never been true on a computing OS .
Since the unveiling of the iPhone SDK , Apple apologists argued that somehow this was a decision made by phone carriers , that surely their beloved Apple was not to blame .
Yet Apple has chosen that path for a device that , while it lacks a keyboard , otherwise looks for all the world like a computer – like something that could have been a Mac , with all the power and freedom of a Mac , instead of an iPhone .
It has no standard ports .
Like the iPhone , the iPad has only a proprietary dock connector , ensuring Apple has control over the hardware made for the device .
You can throw away decades of the lessons of the value of standard connectors , of the freedom to connect a computer as – to use a phrase Apple popularized – a digital hub .
There ’s not even HDMI to connect to a display .
Clarification : video out will be possible , albeit with a proprietary adapter .
And * access * to that video port from software has been a huge problem on the iPhone .
See additional notes on Create Digital Motion .
Additionally , the possibilities of external hardware are not entirely known .
Apple will offer a memory card reader adapter that uses USB .
But there is n’t a native USB port on the machine , and this does n’t necessarily suggest full support for USB ; hopefully , additional details will emerge .
Like the iPhone , the iPad has only a proprietary dock connector , ensuring Apple has control over the hardware made for the device .
You can throw away decades of the lessons of the value of standard connectors , of the freedom to connect a computer as – to use a phrase Apple popularized – a digital hub .
. , albeit with a proprietary adapter .
And * access * to that video port from software has been a huge problem on the iPhone .
See additional notes on Create Digital Motion .
Additionally , the possibilities of external hardware are not entirely known .
Apple will offer a memory card reader adapter that uses USB .
But there is n’t a native USB port on the machine , and this does n’t necessarily suggest full support for USB ; hopefully , additional details will emerge .
It ’s tied to iTunes .
As with the iPhone , you ca n’t use the iPad ’s drive as a drive .
You ca n’t connect it to a computer and put on it what you like .
You ’re limited to using third - party apps as conduits or servers – and even then , you ’re limited ; critical files for media and reading are controlled by Apple ’s market - dominating iTunes app .
It ’s a storage device you own , but that someone else controls .
Maybe that ’s acceptable for game consoles , but , again , the iPad has the appearance of a computer .
( Except , of course , it ’s actually not . )
As with the iPhone , you ca n’t use the iPad ’s drive as a drive .
You ca n’t connect it to a computer and put on it what you like .
You ’re limited to using third - party apps as conduits or servers – and even then , you ’re limited ; critical files for media and reading are controlled by Apple ’s market - dominating iTunes app .
It ’s a storage device you own , but that someone else controls .
Maybe that ’s acceptable for game consoles , but , again , the iPad has the appearance of a computer .
( Except , of course , it ’s actually not . )
Apple alone controls the distribution of media .
Apple already has a dangerously dominant position in the consumption of music and mobile software , and their iTunes - device link ensures that content goes through their store , their conduit , and ultimately their control .
This means that developers are limited in what they can create for the device when it comes to media – a streaming Last . fm app is okay , but an independent music store ( like Amazon MP3 on Android ) is not .
Now , you can add to that Apple dominating book distribution .
At a time when we have an opportunity to promote independent e-book publishing , the iPad is accompanied by launch deals from major traditional publishers .
What does that mean for independent writers and content ?
Updated :
As several readers have noted , one positive sign is that Apple ’s book application supports the open epub format .
We ’ll see how this works , and how this interoperates with other devices over the coming days and months .
( And it ’s important , too – this is not Create Digital Books , but a lot of the information we want to read is published in e-books . )
Apple already has a dangerously dominant position in the consumption of music and mobile software , and their iTunes - device link ensures that content goes through their store , their conduit , and ultimately their control .
This means that developers are limited in what they can create for the device when it comes to media – a streaming Last . fm app is okay , but an independent music store ( like Amazon MP3 on Android ) is not .
Now , you can add to that Apple dominating book distribution .
At a time when we have an opportunity to promote independent e-book publishing , the iPad is accompanied by launch deals from major traditional publishers .
What does that mean for independent writers and content ?
As several readers have noted , one positive sign is that Apple ’s book application supports the open epub format .
We ’ll see how this works , and how this interoperates with other devices over the coming days and months .
( And it ’s important , too – this is not Create Digital Books , but a lot of the information we want to read is published in e-books . )
It ’s not an open computer .
It ’s not a Mac .
The bottom line : you ca n’t do the things that an open computing experience allows .
You ca n’t connect the hardware you want , develop or run the software you want , or have the open - ended experience computers have provided .
That ’s not to say a tablet or slate or pad or whatever you want to call it needs to be exactly like other computers .
On the contrary : if you believe in the computing experience , you believe it should work in new and creative form factors .
( There was a time when the clamshell laptop was a new idea , remember , a time when computers were giant bricks you plugged into a TV . )
Limitations are a wonderful thing .
Specialized operating systems for mobile make perfect sense .
But that ’s a design decision – it ’s about the interface , the developer tools , the hardware .
A mobile device can work just as well without being tied to iTunes or with actual ports on it .
I know what the objection will be : but this computer is n’t “ for ” people like me .
But that ’s the whole problem .
Apple threatens to split computing into two markets , one for “ traditional , ” “ real ” computers , and another for passive consumption devices that try to play games without physical controls and let you read books , watch movies , play music , and run apps so long as you ’re willing to go through the conduit of a single company .
And , of course , this would n’t be worth my breath if not for my real concern : what if Apple actually succeeds ?
What if competitors follow this broken path , or fail to offer strong alternatives ?
The iPad today is a heck of a lot slicker than alternatives .
It ’s bad news for Linux , Windows , and Android , none of which have really workable competitors yet .
It ’s especially bad for Linux , in fact , which had a real chance to make its mark on mobile devices .
Edit : Actually , one major advantage of a big , splashy Apple announcement – a number of those manufacturers have started talking about their rivals , already in the pipeline .
These issues have always been a matter of open debate .
Jean - Louis Gassée infamously got an “ OPEN MAC ” license plate for his car during the early days of Apple Macintosh .
The “ open ” vision was the vision we got .
It ’s the Mac II .
It ’s the expansion capabilities of the Mac that allowed PostScript support , which let the Mac launch computer desktop publishing and ensured the survival of the platform .
And it was a vision in contrast to that of one ( younger ) Steve Jobs , who argued against expansion and nearly made the Mac a failure , another forgotten 80s oddity .
It was after Jobs was forced out of the company that the Mac platform , the Mac community as we now know it were really forged , built on the expansion and flexibility those later Macs offered .
That expansion port was what enabled early products from Digidesign , which would later become Pro Tools – the very birth of digital audio production .
Like I said , I ’m biased by my own opinion .
But it ’d be unfair , after years of being hard on small developers when it comes to issues of openness , if I held back here .
This is the world ’s self - proclaimed “ largest mobile manufacturer , ” the company that , as it reminds us in every press release , launched the computing revolution .
I wish I understood why they were now running away from some of the basic ideas that made that revolution possible .
This is what I asked in January 2007 on this site , shortly after the original iPhone was launched :
“ 1. Will Apple lock down the iPhone , blocking Flash , Java , custom widgets , and open development from its new platform ?
2 . Could Apple ’s multi - touch patents actually stifle growth of new , interactive displays ? ”
Unfortunately , that turned out to prescient .
As for point # 2 , and perhaps no fault of Apple ’s , it ’s apparent that multi - touch gestures are now missing in prominent platforms like the Android because of fear of litigation .
( Yes , the Droid in my pocket has multi - touch and even a multi - touch API , but nothing in the shipping apps , apparently because someone ’s legal department got involved . )
And as for point one , just compare what you can do with a Mac to what you can do with an iPhone .
Ironically , at that same show , I saw the very thing the Mac users most badly wanted : a Mac tablet .
But because an independent developer had to hack that product together , it was overpriced and not terribly useful .
At the same time , I know some people bought them , because that ’s what they wanted .
They wanted a Mac tablet .
Ironically , the biggest disadvantage of the iPad is that it ’s not a Mac .
So now we wait and see if someone can come up with intelligent new tablets that are at least more like PCs .
I know who I ’m rooting for .
And it ’s not this .
Clarifications / thoughts from comments :
Of course , comments are here so that we can have a spectrum of opinions , and believe me , I do read and listen – including ( sometimes especially ) those with a different perspective than my own .
Some issues worth clarifying , respective to the above :
Several readers pointed out that I ’m oversimplifying some of the relative historic “ openness ” of Apple .
When the “ Open Mac ” battle was raging in the early Mac days ( leading to the SE and Mac II ) , the connectors were indeed often still proprietary .
The question was more whether to have ports or expansion at all .
In the defense of the early Apple engineers , recall that , with the exception of formats like serial , standards were not as evolved as technologies like USB today .
Even though there were already IBM clones , they were clones of IBM PCs , literally , not the open - ended PC market we have today .
So readers are absolutely right – I was blurring some of the issues here .
At the same time , this only underlines my point .
We ’re again revisiting the question of what “ consumers ” need .
The reason Jobs was opposed to ports , expansion , and the general ability of a user to service or upgrade a machine was because he perceived a need for a “ consumer ” device .
In other words , he was making the argument then that his design is making now , and that some commenters are making , as well .
Jobs was forced out of Apple , and the “ Open Mac ” won – and the rest is history .
But my devil ’s advocate question would be , given that computers with expandability won out in the 80s , why are we in a rush to eliminate that functionality now , in 2010 , when even average consumers are more demanding and less afraid of technology ?
Is that who this is really for , or by the very virtue of its limitations , is this just a toy for gadget lovers ?
( I ’m not asking that rhetorically ; I think the readers making this argument have a point , and I ’d be curious to hear people follow up . )
The other question is whether Apple was “ open ” in the intervening time period .
However , here I have to invoke some history .
Apple under Sculley was working very hard on interoperability with IBM , even though that ultimately failed .
The Mac platform may have run a different OS , but it also embraced and / or helped popularize serial ports ( hello MIDI ) , SCSI , and 3.5 ″ floppy drives ( standard storage for the time ) .
Under Amelio , Apple even pursued cloning – before Jobs reigned it in .
( I ’m not arguing that was a smart business decision , but it did at least qualify as “ open . ” )
Mac OS X and modern Mac hardware are replete with standards , the Safari team is by far the most active contributor to WebKit , and the Apple OS team continues to work hard on interoperability .
So , I may have been oversimplifying , too , but I can at least say this particular product is not characteristic of some of the more “ open ” behavior of Apple in other areas .
Finally , many of the comparisons have been made to the Lemur .
I agree the Lemur hardware is aging and the software is relatively inflexible ( certainly more so than apps made with the iPhone SDK ) .
As for specifics of how the devices compare in multi - touch accuracy , or whether users will be as satisfied with the iPad as a wireless controller versus the Lemur ’s Ethernet cord , that remains worth discussing .
Side note :
Nowhere did I say that the alternative to an iPad has to be open source .
I ’m a huge fan of open source and truly free software .
But by the measures above , Windows qualifies as open .
( CNN ) --
The pilot and co-pilot of a small cargo jet were killed when their aircraft crashed short of the runway while landing at an airport in suburban Chicago , Illinois , local authorities said .
The Learjet 35A was on its final approach into Chicago Executive Airport in Wheeling , Illinois , when it went down about 1:30 p.m. , the Federal Aviation Administration reported .
The plane crashed into a forest preserve about a mile south of the runway and ended up in a river , said Jay Reardon , the head of a multi-agency firefighting task force that responded to the crash .
The two - man crew was found dead at the scene , Reardon said .
No emergency was declared before the crash .
" To our knowledge , everything appeared normal up until the aircraft was reported down by the tower at Chicago Executive Airport , " Reardon said .
The National Transportation Safety Board has begun its investigation of the crash .
There was no immediate indication of the cause , NTSB senior investigator Pam Sullivan said .
" It 's way too early to even start narrowing down what could or could not happen , " she said .
The flight was operated by Royal Air Cargo , a Waterford , Michigan - based carrier that operates a fleet of small jets to deliver " time - sensitive " freight , airport spokesman Michael Standard said .
Reardon said the jet appeared to be empty when it went down .
The downed plane was en route to Atlanta , Georgia , from Pontiac , Michigan , with a stop in Chicago , according to private Web sites that track air travel .
There was no immediate comment from the company .
Has there ever been a bigger dick in the history of dicks than Karl Rove ?
I mean , really .
Rove , on O'Reilly last night , after President Obama 's speech at West Point :
It took him 80 - some - odd days to do this , it took us 50 - some - odd days to remove the Taliban from power after 9/11 , and it took him some 80 - odd days to say , ' I 'm gonna give McChrystal three - quarters of what he requested in order to get done the job I told him to do on March 27 . '
Yeah , and you guys did such a bang - up job keeping the Taliban out of power , did n't you , Karl ?
There 's a special stomach - churning quality to watching the people who created one of history 's great clusterf -- ks telling the people saddled with the job of cleaning it up that they 're doing a crummy job .
MEXICO CITY —
The corpses of the 12 police officers were laid out along the mountain highway in a neat line , the cuts and burns of torture scarring their torsos and bullets embedded in their brains .
Surrounding the carnage were three notes bearing the same message in scrawled handwriting : “ Try and arrest another one of us .
We are waiting for you here . ”
The mass killing of the federal agents , who had been abducted while off duty , happened at the peak of a rampant offensive by a Western Mexico drug cartel against government forces over the last week .
The operation — one of the cartels ' boldest coordinated campaigns in recent history , undermining President Felipe Calderon 's efforts to crack down on the cartels — included attacks on more than 16 police bases with grenades and automatic rifles , the torching of dozens of squad cars and ambushes that killed at least four more officers .
One local journalist , Ciro Gomez Leyva of the newspaper Milenio , likened it to the Vietnam War 's pivotal " Tet Offensive , " which brought the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese troops into open combat with the forces of the South Vietnamese army and its U.S. allies .
“ It is that kind of Hollywood - style , synchronized action ... that created the perception that the once invincible army of Washington could never win in Vietnam , ” Leyva wrote .
Any comparison to the storied Vietnamese campaign on Tet ( the lunar new year ) may well be overstated , as Mexico ’s drug cartels have stuck to their guerrilla - style hit - and - run tactics rather than mounting military - standard attacks .
As the government sent in an extra 5,500 federal police and soldiers to the region of the attacks on Friday , the cartel seemed to melt back into its barrios and mountain villages , creating a pause in fighting .
But while it may not have amounted to a conquest of territory for the drug gangs , the offensive certainly has all but shattered public confidence in the government ’s efforts to bring the cartels to heel .
Only 28 percent of participants in a survey undertaken this week , during the attacks , believed that the government was winning its war against drug gangs , while 51 percent said the gangsters were winning .
In the poll , taken by the Cabinet for Strategic Communications , another 21 percent said that neither side was winning ,
The assaults also struck a painful blow to the morale of the federal police officers on the front line of the drug war .
“ This is a very difficult time for us .
Most of us are family men and we wonder if our jobs are really worth this much risk , ” said a federal agent , who asked his name not be used in fear that such negative statements would be scolded by his commanders .
Since Calderon began his war on drug cartels in December 2006 , more than 1,000 police and soldiers have been killed .
There have been more than 12,000 drug - related slayings in that period .
The latest attacks were particularly demoralizing for Calderon as they all occurred in his home state of Michoacan — where he launched his crack down .
A lush mountainous region that touches the Pacific coast , Michoacan has long been a center of marijuana and opium cultivation .
In more recent years , its remote peaks have also spawned dozens of labs churning out crystal meth , the highly - addictive synthetic drug whose popularity has spread quickly in the United States .
This valuable drug- producing territory spawned a sinister and extremely violent cartel known as La Familia Michoacana , which claims thousands of members in the state .
In 2006 , when Calderon was running for the presidency , La Familia hacked the heads off five rival drug traffickers and rolled them across a disco dance floor .
In his very first days in office , the new president ordered 6,500 soldiers and police into Michoacan with the stated aim of bringing peace back to the region .
For a time , he seemed like he may have been able to claim his tactic was working , with the number of killings going down in Michoacan , even as they spiked elsewhere in Mexico .
But the latest offensive shattered any such hopes .
The attacks were triggered by the July 11 arrest of Arnoldo Rueda , an alleged capo in La Familia , who was snatched from his family home in a dawn raid .
Within hours , about 40 gunmen had descended on the police headquarters where he was taken and attacked it with grenades and rifle fire in an attempt to free their leader .
When they could n’t bust him out , they waged simultaneous attacks on police facilities in towns all over the state .
Following days of devastation , a man claiming to be La Familia capo Servando Gomez then called a Michoacan television station offering a truce .
“ What we want is peace and tranquility , ” he said to a worried - looking presenter .
“ We want to achieve a national pact . ”
Interior Minister Fernando Gomez
Mont immediately rejected the offer , saying the government will not bow to criminals .
“ The federal government does not ever dialogue , does not negotiate , does not reach deals with any criminal organization , ” he said .
But whether Calderon will really sustain such a concerted assault on the cartels for three more years in office remains to be seen .
More GlobalPost dispatches on the Mexican drug war :
Interview : A drug lord 's lawyer
Mexican cartels go global
Obama 's other surge
( Natural News )
One in every five patients readmitted to the hospital within a year of an inpatient treatment ends up there because of an adverse drug reaction , according to a study conducted by researchers from the Royal Liverpool and Broadgreen University Hospitals NHS Trust .
The research was presented at the British Pharmaceutical Conference in Manchester and published in the " While medicines have lots of benefits , they can also have harmful side - effects resulting in re-admission to hospital " researcher Emma Davies said .
" Managing this involves checking patients ' medicines while they are in hospital and regularly reviewing prescriptions in primary care after patients are discharged .
" Researchers examined data from approximately 1,000 patients who had been admitted to a large Liverpool hospital .
Among the 290 patients who were readmitted within one year and for whom data were available , 21 percent had been readmitted at least partly because of an adverse drug reaction .
The researchers defined an adverse drug reaction as " an appreciably harmful or unpleasant reaction , resulting from an intervention related to the use of a medicinal product , which predicts hazard from future administration and warrants prevention or specific treatment , or alteration of the dosage regimen , or withdrawal of the product .
" After analyzing each case , the researchers concluded that 57 percent of the adverse drug reactions probably or definitely could have been prevented .
The most common side effects resulting in readmission were reactions to aspirin ( prescribed to prevent heart attacks or strokes ) or diuretics ( prescribed for the treatment of high blood pressure or heart failure ) .
Not all drug reactions in the study caused hospital readmission , but all required medical treatment .
A total of 73.3 percent were classified as low severity , necessitating only minor treatment ; 24.7 percent were classified as moderate , requiring a moderate increase in treatment but causing no lasting damage ; 1.91 percent were classified as severe , causing permanent harm , and 0.14 percent were catastrophic , directly leading to a patient 's death .
Sources for this story include : www.medicalnewstoday.com;
by Raul Singh on December 13 , 2009
With the election of Barack Obama , Americans are starting to glimpse the reality of our political situation .
No matter who we elect president , he or she is going to represent only one several groups — black people , white people , gay people , conservative people , liberal people .
Even more , we realize that what makes each group distinct is its need for leadership that reflects its interests , and that these inherently conflict with each other .
If you ’ve noticed that “ revolution ” and “ collapse ” come up more frequently in conversation these days , you ’re not alone .
Unfortunately , most of the bloviation on this topic remains entirely unrelated to history .
If you read enough about the past , you will see that patterns repeat and no age is as unique as it thinks it is .
One of these repeating patterns is the gradual collapse of nation - states , and it rarely ends in the exciting fire and brimstone people expect .
Surveying the map , we can see that many places once had prosperous , organized , scientific and highly advanced civilizations .
Most of these places are now part of what we used to call The Third World , and now call “ developing nations , ” because a sanitized euphemism always makes the unpopular , inconvenient and disturbing truths go away .
When good nations go bad , they end up as burnt - out Third World ruins .
Some general traits of Third World nations :
Kleptocratic , oligarch / warlord , junta - based government .
Lack of public services .
Rampant corruption .
Population IQ in mid-90s or below .
Anarchistic , crime - ridden streets .
Education rare .
A few really rich , mostly really poor .
People live in denial .
Punishment of taboo ideas .
A popular myth is that these nations ended up in such conditions through a single revolution or imperialist event .
When we read history , however , we see a clear gradual decline from a leading nation to a corrupt one and then , everything falls apart slowly , leaving a mass of illiterate , mostly - dumb , usually ethnic hybrid people who perpetuate their own social disaster .
Another popular myth is that third world nations lack technology .
They have technology ; they did n’t invent it , and they must import it , which with a kleptocracy in power and rule by oligarchs means it is unlikely to distribute far .
Even more , they tend to be bad at maintaining it .
We pair this myth with the “ they just need education ” myth to feel better about this inequality , but the fact of the matter is that third world education programs rarely succeed beyond one generation .
The infrastructure and social value system that rewards education just is not there .
Those of us who believe we should pay attention to science find it easy to see a cause : the population has a low IQ and as a result , can be counted on to consistently make stupid decisions , which is what empowers the oligarchs .
Unruly groundlings ?
Start a war .
Claim someone ’s a witch doctor and watch the burning .
Instigate pogroms whenever the people notice they ’re starving .
But we ca n’t blame the oligarchs ; they are the symptom .
The cause is a clueless and self - destructively disorganized population .
For example , we know that the basics of agriculture are not that complex .
Most third world nations are in fertile regions with plenty of rain .
Yet somehow there is rarely enough food .
Between the fighting of elites and different social groups , and the disorganization of people who can imagine tomorrow “ sort of ” but can not think two weeks or six months into the future , there is no way to make an infrastructure for the orderly distribution of food .
So people starve , forget , and then steal when they wake up in a stupor of hunger .
In a good many of these third world nations , the elite resemble people in first world nations : educated , intelligent , and often constructive .
However , they have complete disregard for the starving masses , which seems horrible until we consider that the cluelessness of those masses is what keeps them in their condition .
Then it makes sense : trying to help those who cannot help themselves is a lost cause that “ feels good ” in a Hallmark card sense , but never succeeds .
Better to spend that effort on making more elites .
To steer off those who think I ’m espousing a simple equation which others have , which is “ having people from third world countries ( e.g. of minority races ) = becoming third world , ” I ’m not .
The slide into third world decline is multicausal and can only be called decay in the same way cancers of the body are .
History suggests that great nations become neurotic and unsure of themselves , and their democracies become unwilling to face difficult long - term truths and so instead stick a band - aid on everything , and as a result infrastructure fails .
Inevitably , with such a state , the wealthy decaying civilization is going to import labor of lower general intelligence than its population .
However , it will also dumb its own population down by rewarding pleasant liars over hard - eyed realists , and so will marry off its prettiest girls to ugly cynical men and will beat down any smart person who mentions an intelligent plan that conflicts with “ the way we do things around here . ”
Dying nations are reactionary , even in their liberal movements .
We ’re starting to see solid signs of the USA sliding into a state like that of Brazil , Mexico , and Argentina .
In each of these nations , a relatively high - IQ European founding population has lost power , and now rules through finance , while a vast population of mixed natives , Europeans , Asians and Africans grows through constant breeding , causing a few rich to become the target of many poor .
Each was once prosperous like the USA and in fact , at times more prosperous than the USA at the time .
Let ’s look at the signs of the decline :
Gillies , a 27 - year veteran of the FBI , called corruption in all its multiple forms , whether in law enforcement or in the judicial system , or involving tax cheats and fraudsters , “ our number one criminal threat ” in the United States .
He said public corruption investigations by the FBI were “ huge ” and had increased by more than 20 percent in the last five years , while financial scams — from securities and hedge fund frauds to Ponzi schemes — had jumped by more than 25 percent nationwide in the last year alone .
Reuters
Corruption is a general term meaning that those in positions of authority are acting for personal benefit at the expense of their roles , not to fulfill their roles .
This is separate from acting for personal benefit by fulfilling a role ; a well - paid cop who enforces justice is usually welcome , but a cop who takes money to ignore injustice is generally seen as corrupt .
Those watching the news for the past three decades will note that stories about public corruption are increasing across the nation , which is separate from the grand American tradition of having some cities ( Chicago comes to mind ) run by corrupt authorities .
Mexican drug cartels are helping elect and influence politicians in U.S. communities to advance their criminal activities , an expert on international gangs alleged .
Richard Valdemar , a retired California law enforcement officer , said authorities in California gathered intelligence showing that the cartels are corrupting American politicians to gain a foothold in the Southwestern United States .
Previous investigations showed that the Carrillo Fuentes , Arellano Felix and Sinaloan drug cartels targeted Southern California cities including South Gate , Hawaiian Gardens and Bell Gardens .
El Paso Times
It ’s funny how this news does n’t get farther in the mainstream press .
Perhaps it is because in a culture of corruption , the buyer does n’t matter .
What matters is the status quo willingness of politicians to be corrupt , because they face an ugly choice : gain the huge amounts of money required to join the elites , or be ground down with the rest .
They are probably unaware of the damage they cause because they think the haves / have - nots gap has always been with us .
It has , but in different degrees .
In third world nations it ’s nearly binary .
Now let ’s ask the vital question — are we dumbing ourselves down ?
This next story comes from the UK , but similar tactics are at work in the USA :
As many as three - quarters of state schools are failing to push their brightest pupils because teachers are reluctant to promote ‘ elitism ’ , an Ofsted study says today .
Many teachers are not convinced of the importance of providing more challenging tasks for their gifted and talented pupils .
In nearly three - quarters of 26 schools studied , pupils designated as being academically gifted or talented in sport or the arts were ‘ not a priority ’ , Ofsted found .
Teachers feared that a focus on the brightest pupils would ‘ undermine the school ’s efforts to improve the attainment and progress of all other groups of pupils ’ .
The Daily Mail
The smart are unpopular with clueless masses , who tend to see them as witch doctors and burn them , because smart people can see , explain and do things that are magic to those of lesser intelligence , who simultaneously do n’t recognize they are of lower intelligence .
What is popular must prevail over what is right , what is convenient must prevail over what is true , and so on — that ’s the path to the third world .
Another facet of nations heading into third world status is that they become dependent on others .
Their food is mostly imported ; their wars are fought by mercenaries ; their cities thrive only because they are tended to be an army of domestics and manual laborers whose labor is inexpensive because they are coming from third world nations and have fewer skills and lower expectations .
It was an ecological disaster that occurred on the other side of the planet .
Yet the drought that devastated the Australian wheat harvest last year had consequences that shook the world .
It sent food prices soaring in every nation .
Wheat prices across the globe soared by 130 % , while shopping bills in Britain leapt by 15 % .
A year later and the cost of food today has still to fall to previous levels .
More alarmingly , scientists are warning that far worse lies ahead .
A “ perfect storm ” of food shortages and water scarcity now threatens to unleash public unrest and conflict in the next 20 years , the government ’s chief scientist , Professor John Beddington , has warned .
The Guardian
Since we are living through the labor of others , and with the comfort of imports , we have started to treat money as figures on a page that have no consequences except in a distant , unconsidered future .
This leads to what former Republican strategist and author Kevin Phillips calls “ financialization , ” or a tendency to make money by the selling and trading of financial notes instead of developing products or sources of income themselves .
It ’s like a Ponzi scheme , except that it also has a circular component in addition to the traditional Ponzi Pyramid : we move investments back and forth in the system , generating “ income ” but not adding to our wealth as measured in real - world objects .
But the national debt â€ ” currently over $ 8 trillion â€ ” is only the tip of the iceberg .
There has also been an explosion of corporate debt , state and local bonded debt , international debt through huge trade imbalances , and consumer debt ( mostly in the form of credit - card balances and aggressively marketed home - mortgage packages ) .
Taken together , this present and future debt may exceed $ 70 trillion .
It is most of all a product of the “ financialization ” of the American economy â€ ” the turn away from manufacturing and toward an economy based on moving and managing money , a trend encouraged , Phillips argues persuasively , by the preoccupation with oil and ( somewhat less persuasively ) with evangelical belief in the imminent rapture , which makes planning for the future unnecessary .
NY Times
This falls in parallel with an advertising culture , a consensual social reality , and political dogma — each succeeds through this circular motion .
We convince others in other parts of our vast system of the value of something , and derive paper money value from it , even if no actual wealth was created .
Without this solipsistic cycle , we might be dead in the water as an economy ; its weakness is that we are depending on our own frenetic activity to keep the cycle going , while we erode the future by not finding better , newer or more consistent ways of making actual wealth .
And then a parallel to ancient Athens , which toward its end was not only importing unskilled labor , but had farmed its military out to mercenaries of the most ad hoc origins :
An article in The Denver Post on Feb. 24 that the U.S. military does not know the citizenship status of 16,031 active - duty military personnel provided me with my latest “ very rare occasion . ”
In a recent article ( “ The Illegal Immigration Threat , ” DefenseWatch , Jan. 14 , 2004 ) , I talked about a 19 - year old illegal alien who used a bogus green card to enlist in the Army , and how the Army was going to help facilitate getting him citizen status .
( The Army ’s efforts did result in that soldier being sworn in as a U.S. citizen . )
Little did I know at the time that that soldier was literally just the latest tip on a monolithic iceberg .
Military.com
More here :
Immigrants who are permanent residents , with documents commonly known as green cards , have long been eligible to enlist .
But the new effort , for the first time since the Vietnam War , will open the armed forces to temporary immigrants if they have lived in the United States for a minimum of two years , according to military officials familiar with the plan .
About 8,000 permanent immigrants with green cards join the armed forces annually , the Pentagon reports , and about 29,000 foreign - born people currently serving are not American citizens .
NY Times
As the gap between elites and “ regular people ” widens , you will see fewer people wanting to join the military because if they have an option , they ’ll pick something more lucrative to avoid getting mashed down into the masses .
That means that in order to keep a military , our country will need to recruit much as it picks people for manual , unskilled labor tasks .
( I consider this a shame as the professional soldier was once a backbone of American power , and less likely to do what ad hoc armies do , which is rape , murder , burn and soil everything they touch . )
The problems discussed above lead to increasing political polarization as people realize that a compromise state guarantees no one gets what they want :
Only about 40 % of both left and right wing radicals , but 71 % of moderates , agree that â€ œFree speech should be granted to everyone regardless of how intolerant they are of other peopleâ€™s opinions .
â€ 
The Monkey Cage
With radical polarization comes , paradoxically , an even greater inability to find common ground on any issue , thus guaranteeing the state is essentially unable to make long - term decisions .
It can go to war if attacked ; it can deal with sudden events like earthquakes ; and it can do business as usual .
But any real directional change is beyond it .
Even more , we ’ve stopped thinking about solutions , and now view our political attitudes as ways to increase social status , which justifies us being more selfish even as we appear less selfish .
Research by Nina Mazar and Chen - Bo Zhong at the University of Toronto levels an even graver charge : that virtuous shopping can actually lead to immoral behavior .
In their study ( described in a paper now in press at Psychological Science ) , subjects who made simulated eco-friendly purchases ended up less likely to exhibit altruism in a laboratory game and more likely to cheat and steal .
In an experiment , participants were randomly assigned to select items they wanted to buy in one of two online stores .
One store sold predominantly green products , the other mostly conventional items .
Then , in a supposedly unrelated game , all of the participants were allocated $ 6 , to share as they saw fit with an anonymous ( and unbeknownst to them , imaginary ) recipient .
Subjects who had chosen items from the green store coughed up less money , on average , than their counterparts .
In a second experiment , participants were again assigned to shop in either a green or conventional store .
Then they performed a computer task that involved earning small sums of cash .
The setup offered the opportunity to cheat and steal with impunity .
The eco-shoppers were more likely to do both .
Slate
2400 years ago , the greatest thinkers of a once - proud age dedicated a fair amount of brainpower toward passing on to us knowledge of how human decay occurs :
The liberty which we are supposing may be most completely given to them in the form of such a power as is said to have been possessed by Gyges , the ancestor of Croesus the Lydian .
According to the tradition , Gyges was a shepherd in the service of the King of Lydia ; there was a great storm , and an earthquake made an opening in the earth at the place where he was feeding his flock .
Amazed at the sight , he descended into the opening , where , among other marvels , he beheld a hollow brazen horse , having doors , at which he , stooping and looking in , saw a dead body of stature , as appeared to him , more than human and having nothing on but a gold ring ; this he took from the finger of the dead and reascended .
Now the shepherds met together , according to custom , that they might send their monthly report about the flocks to the King ; into their assembly he came having the ring on his finger , and as he was sitting among them he chanced to turn the collet of the ring inside his hand , when instantly he became invisible to the rest of the company and they began to speak of him as if he were no longer present .
He was astonished at this , and again touching the ring he turned the collet outward and reappeared ; he made several trials of the ring , and always with the same result — when he turned the collet inward he became invisible , when outward he reappeared .
…
Suppose now that there were two such magic rings , and the just put on one of them and the unjust the other ; no man can be imagined to be of such an iron nature that he would stand fast in justice .
No man would keep his hands off what was not his own when he could safely take what he liked out of the market , or go into houses and lie with anyone at his pleasure , or kill or release from prison whom he would , and in all respects be like a god among men .
Then the actions of the just would be as the actions of the unjust ; they would both come at last to the same point .
And this we may truly affirm to be a great proof that a man is just , not willingly or because he thinks that justice is any good to him individually , but of necessity , for wherever anyone thinks that he can safely be unjust , there he is unjust .
Plato , The Republic
This is a portrait of decay : when just and unjust become the same thing , because no one is paying attention who can discern the difference between the two .
This powerful metaphor forms one of the underlying themes of Plato ’s work , which is that socialization functions like an alternate reality : we can show public good , and do private bad , or vice - versa , but we ’ll be judged by the public .
That the public is easy to fool forms the basis of civilizational entropy , and as society ages and loses consensus on values and fragments into more viewpoints , judgment is slowly detached — or maybe even “ deconstructed ” — from reality , to the benefit of idiots and vicious oligarchs , but not the society as a whole .
This detriment mainly occurs through the passage into third world state , at which point intelligent people become witch doctors and only the savagely self - serving prevail .
“ You do n’t have many cases where you have an older straight , black male supported by conservatives matched up against a younger white female who happens to be gay , and is backed by non-establishment sources , ” Murray said .
“ Normally , you see progressive whites allied with African - Americans .
This is exposing the same fault line we saw nationally in Prop 8 . ” The Atlanta Journal - Constitution
What happens when you go to third world status is not that your familiar institutions go away .
They stay , but what it means to be them is altered : quality lowers , and the divide between rich and poor , public “ reality ” and actual reality , rhetoric and effect , increases .
As the society drifts farther from reality , the only people content to live there are the clueless and their oligarchic manipulators , and the transition becomes complete .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Satoru Iwata recently teased ( in an interview with Japanese newspaper Asahi Shimbun , ) that the next generation Nintendo handheld will be able to read movements , stating that the DS will need “ highly detailed graphics , and it will be necessary to have a sensor with the ability to read the movements of people playing ” .
The article also states that the next Legend of Zelda game is to be out by the end of the year ( no word yet on whether that release date is Japan - exclusive ) and a detailed press conference of the Vitality Sensor will occur in July .
Gamers can expect all three discussed products to heavily feature in Nintendo ’s E3 presentation later this year .
The Prime Minister 's nephew has reportedly been fined for inciting a riot after he dressed in Ku Klux Klan attire and protested outside the Australian Open tennis tournament at Melbourne Park .
Van Thanh Rudd , an artist notorious for bold public statements , and another man were taken away in a police van .
James Crafti , a fellow member of the Revolutionary Socialist Party , says there was " absolutely no struggle " from the protesters .
" But they have been told they will be receiving fines of $ 200 for supposedly inciting a riot , " he said .
" From our end there was no confrontation , all we had was a few people with no power whatsoever using the only power we 've got , which is our voices and our visual ability to display ourselves . "
Mr Crafti says the protesters were simply practicing free speech like other Australians .
" There were two people holding costumes and several others of us who were holding signs , " he said .
" We 've got people around the streets of Melbourne today waving around Australian flags , waving patriotic symbols .
" If you want to talk about inciting , that sort of thing would incite Indigenous people and make a lot of people upset . "
Mr Crafti says as far as he is aware , Van Thanh Rudd and his uncle , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , are not in regular contact .
" They 're not estranged in any sense , but Van is very much his own person and has very different views in terms of the racism of this country , " he said .
Van Thanh Rudd said today 's protest was aimed at recent attacks on Indian nationals and the Federal Government 's support for " genocidal regimes " .
" The Australian Government is supporting governments like the Sri Lankan government , for example , in preventing Sri Lankan Tamils from escaping the Sri Lankan government , " he said .
" Australia funds the genocidal Sri Lankan regime and then rejects the refugees who flee .
In this country you could not get away with doing that against whites .
So they 're the basic reasons we 're having the protest today . "
A painting by Van Thanh Rudd depicting Ronald McDonald running with the Olympic torch past a burning monk has previously been banned by Melbourne City Council .
His works also include graffiti art and the $ 1.2 billion ' Used Car from Afghanistan ' - a piece containing a small piece of an Afghan civilian car , destroyed by a NATO missile in southern Afghanistan .
Van Thanh Rudd said he chose Melbourne Park for today 's protest because it gets significant attention on Australia Day .
A spokeswoman for Mr Rudd says his nephew 's protest " is a matter for the people involved " .
Can I kick it ?
Yes , you can .
While taking in nominations , I was surprised by how accomplished and undersung X - Mormons are .
Fortunately the Mormon Alumni Association is here to remedy the situation with a brand - new yearly award for the X - Mormon who has made the biggest impact !!!
And we will make every effort to send the winner a T - shirt ( with the official William Law award graphic ) .
Here are the illustrious nominees :
Chad Hardy :
In 2009 he created a second controversial calendar : Hot Mormon Muffins .
He has also been engaged in an important legal battle with BYU when they refused to give him his BYU transcripts after excommunicating him over his previous calendar ( Men on a Mission ) .
Brecken Chinn Swartz : She founded HandReach.org , which helps children who are burn victims in the developing world .
She ’s is also the co-founder of the LDS Safe Space Coalition , a gay and straight alliance for Mormons .
( Until her family left the church , her husband was the bishop of the Beltsville , MD ward . )
Reed Cowan : His film 8 : The Mormon Proposition premiered at Sundance , see here and here .
Brian Keith Dalton a.k.a.
Mr. Diety :
With the help of His team , He produced the show ’s hilarious third season .
Heather Armstrong a.k.a.
Dooce :
She was named one of 2009 ’s 30 most influential women in media and published her second book :
It Sucked and Then I Cried : How I Had a Baby , a Breakdown , and a Much Needed Margarita .
Steve Benson : In 1993 , Steve Benson won a Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning .
It would be cool if we could retroactively give him the “ 1993 William Law X - Mormon of the Year ” award .
As it is , the 232 cartoons he drew for the AZ Republic in 2009 put him in the running for this year as well .
Dustin Lance Black :
He won an academy award for writing the screenplay of Milk , and gave this memorable speech at the Academy Awards ceremony .
He also narrated 8 : The Mormon Proposition .
Walter Kirn :
A well - known novelist , literary critic , and essayist , Kirn ’s 2009 achievements include the book Lost in the Meritocracy : The Undereducation of an Overachiever , as well as seeing his book Up in the Air produced as a film .
Christine Johnson :
In addition to being a Utah state representative ( and ex-Mormon lesbian ) , Rep. Christine Johnson has taken on the role of surrogate mother , carrying a child for a gay male couple .
Note that Barack Obama ’s mother S. Ann Dunham was also nominated ( since she has been proxy baptized ) .
Unfortunately , we have to disqualify her from the nominations because we do n’t have word from spirit paradise / prison to confirm that she has rejected her proxy baptism and / or apostatized since being dead - dunked .
You have one week to vote here :
URL shorteners , like bit.ly , have become a popular way for people to share links on Twitter while taking up as few of the allotted 140 characters as possible .
But saving space is just one of the benefits that shorteners provide .
Others include getting traffic analytics like how many people are sharing links from which sites .
So it ’s especially interesting that Facebook is rolling out what appears to be its own URL shortening service , called fb.me .
A URL shortener makes increasing sense as a Facebook feature , because the site is trying to be more open and connected to other web sites and Internet - connected devices .
Facebook recently began automatically shortening URLs that appear in its mobile interface .
So , instead of text link to a Facebook photo appear as http://m.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=35877484&id=1310743&l=a373e8038d, you might see it see as http://fb.me/3Bkj7CW, as Polaris Ventures ’ Ryan Spoon noticed ( see his screenshot , below ) .
Fb.me also works as a substitute for any other Facebook page .
So if you can write http://fb.me/starbucks instead of http://www.facebook.com/starbucks, as blogger Saad Kamal points out , meaning brands with Pages can more easily do things like share links to Facebook on Twitter .
Facebook has spent the last year improving mobile access to its services through its own mobile web site and device - specific apps as well as through tools for developers , carriers and device - makers to build their own apps and services .
A shortened URL makes especially good sense here .
In the screenshot , showing Facebook text alerts , you can clearly see that the shortened URL provides a simpler , easier to read user interface .
The company has made Facebook Connect a focus this past year , introducing ways for people to sign in to other sites using their Facebook identities and share information back and forth between those sites and Facebook .
It has also been pushing users to be more open , most recently changing its privacy settings to get people to make content they share on Facebook also available on the web .
It ’s possible that the company will make fb.me the default for any content that users share publicly , in the hopes that the shortened URLs make for easier re-sharing .
It would also not be surprising to see Facebook provide analytics around shortened URLs , especially for Page content so Page owners can track web - wide sharing .
Other increasingly common shortened URL features , like customizing the URL ending , would also make sense — especially given the option Facebook introduced earlier this year to let users and Page owners create their own vanity URLs .
The Obama administration proposed tough new smog standards today , scrapping a lax Bush - era regulation that had outraged both environmental groups and state governments .
The new standard - once eventually approved - would compel state and local authorities to act to reduce smog , which is produced when pollutants from factories , power plants and cars , including ozone and nitrogen oxide , react to sunlight .
The airborne stew has been linked to asthma and other lung diseases , which are especially dangerous to children and the elderly .
It also travels hundreds of miles , spreading out from cities and industrial parks to damage wilderness areas .
" Using the best science to strengthen these standards is a long - overdue action that will help millions of Americans breathe easier and live healthier , " the head of the Environmental Protection Agency , Lisa Jackson , said in a statement .
" EPA is stepping up to protect Americans from one of the most persistent and widespread pollutants we face . "
The proposed new standard would set the acceptable ozone limit in the air at between 0.06 and 0.07 parts per million .
That is roughly what scientists recommended .
But in early 2008 George Bush personally intervened to override the unanimous opinion of a scientific advisory panel that the EPA needed stronger smog controls .
The agency then set the cap at 0.075 parts per million .
Today 's proposal would offer significantly stronger protections for human health as well as plants and trees which are damaged by smog , environmental organisations said .
Cleaning up smog would also contribute to fighting climate change .
A major source of smog are ageing coal power plants , which are also responsible for greenhouse gas emissions .
" This rule will help ensure that all major sources of pollution get cleaned up ; it is another indication that the Obama administration sees the big picture and is working hard to put safeguards in place to build the clean energy future , " the Sierra Club said in a statement .
The proposal now undergoes 60 days of public comment before becoming final - and oil industry organisations were already mobilising to defeat it today .
Once it is enacted , the new regulation - depending on its stringency - will have huge implications for local governments which will be charged with ensuring industry and even motor vehicles come into line .
The EPA estimates the costs of introducing stronger smog controls from $ 19bn to $ 90bn a year by 2020 , but these would be offset by savings between $ 13bn and $ 100bn on healthcare costs each year .
LAS VEGAS -- During a year - long gambling binge at the Caesars Palace and Rio casinos in 2007 , Terrance Watanabe managed to lose nearly $ 127 million .
The run is believed to be one of the biggest losing streaks by an individual in Las Vegas history .
It devoured much of Mr. Watanabe 's personal fortune , he says , which he built up over more than two decades running his family 's party - favor import business in Omaha , Neb .
It also benefitted the two casinos ' parent company , Harrah 's Entertainment Inc. , which derived about 5.6 % of ...
Religious teachings promise us much — eternal life , spiritual salvation , moral direction , and a deeper understanding of reality .
It all sounds good , but these teachings are also onerous in their demands .
If they can't deliver on what they promise , it would be well to clear that up .
Put bluntly , are the teachings of any religion actually true or not ?
Do they have any rational support ?
It 's hard to see what questions could be more important .
Surely the claims of religion — of all religions — merit scrutiny from every angle , whether historical , philosophical , scientific , or any other .
Contrary to many expectations in the 1970s , or even the 1990s , religion has not faded away , even in the Western democracies , and we still see intense activism from religious lobbies .
Even now , one religion or another opposes abortion rights , most contraceptive technologies , and therapeutic cloning research .
Various churches and sects condemn many harmless , pleasurable sexual activities that adults can reasonably enjoy .
As a result , these are frowned upon , if not prohibited outright , in many parts of the world , indeed people lose their lives because of them .
Most religious organisations reject dying patients ' requests to end their lives as they see fit .
Even in relatively secular countries , such as the UK , Canada , and Australia , governments pander blatantly to Christian moral concerns as the protection of religiously motivated refusals to provide medical professional services demonstrates .
In a different world , the merits , or otherwise , of religious teachings might be discussed more dispassionately .
In that world , some of us who criticise religion itself might be content to argue that the church ( and the mosque , and all the other religious architecture that sprouts across the landscape ) should be kept separate from the state .
Unfortunately , however , we do n't live in that world .
When religion claims authority in the political sphere , it is unsurprising — and totally justifiable — that atheists and skeptics question the source of this authority .
If religious organisations or their leaders claim to speak on behalf of a god , it is fair to ask whether the god concerned really makes the claims that are communicated on its behalf .
Does this god even exist ?
Where is the evidence ?
And even if this being does exist , why , exactly , should its wishes be translated into law ?
In many situations , it is better to be civil , as Paul Kurtz has pointed out , but satire and mockery have traditionally had a legitimate place whenever absurd ideas are joined to power and privilege .
Enlightenment thinkers such as Voltaire often used mockery to show the absurdity of ideological stances — including religious ones — that were considered sacrosanct .
Mockery is one way of saying that a view does not deserve to be taken seriously .
Religious views are fair game if one can also show , on a more serious level , why the view in question does indeed not deserve serious respect .
Perhaps some rationalist or humanist organisations , such as Kurtz 's venerable Center for Inquiry , do have good reason to maintain a scholarly and dignified brand image .
But there is also room for the younger , brasher atheists whom Kurtz inaccurately brands as " fundamentalists " , and , in any event , there is a world of difference between appropriate civility and keeping quiet .
In the US , unfortunately , some atheists appear to have concluded that even civil and thoughtful criticism of supposedly " moderate " religion ( i.e. , almost anything that does not dispute evolutionary theory ) should be discouraged .
These " accommodationist " atheists tend to be focused on science advocacy , particularly the teaching of evolution in public schools .
In seeking public support for their positions , they think it prudent to take the various American demographics as they are .
Since they want to sell evolutionary science to very large numbers of pious Americans , the last thing they want is to see it linked with atheism .
Once you think in that way , from a kind of marketing perspective , it can take over your approach to what you think you ought to say .
Sincerity goes out the window , and everything must be " framed " to please the audience .
We doubt that this strategy can work .
Religion cannot be eradicated — that is not a realistic goal — but the many problems with religious dogma can and should be highlighted .
As atheists , we should state clearly that no religion has any rational warrant , and that many churches and sects promote cruelty , ignorance , and civil rights abuses .
There are harmful consequences to real people in the real world if the views of churches and sects are enshrined in law or given undue social deference - the acceptance even in liberal secular societies of conscientious objection as a legitimate reason for health care professionals and even civil servants to refuse to provide professional services to certain citizens is a case in point .
For these reasons it is important that we should speak out and publicly contest the special authority that is accorded , all too often , to pontiffs , imams , priests , and presbyters .
Religious leaders are not our moral leaders , much as they clamour to be , and however much the politicians flatter them .
These spiritual emperors have no clothes , and we should n't flinch from saying so .
ANAL BDSM
Naughty sex slave Sabrina Blond gets ball - gagged , handcuffed then spanked hard and butt - fucked !!
Hottie Sabrinka certainly enjoys being spanked until her ass is a deep pink color , but she enjoys a monstrous 15 inch cock in her ass even more ;-) RunTime : 22:00 Photos : 261 Rating : 4.8 ( 155 votes )
PUSSY SHAVING
Wanna see my home - made shaving video ?
I love to keep my tight pussy all shaved and smooth and I usually shave after taking a hot bath .
This time I wanted to fondle my entirely bald pussy after the procedure so I used my toothbrush as it was the only toy avaliable !
RunTime : 13:33 Photos : 106 Rating : 3.1 ( 253 votes )
ANAL BATHROOM
this morning i was brushing my teeth after shower half - naked when suddenly my roommate entered the bathroom !
he was angry that I occupy the bathroom for too long !
maybe that 's why he fed me his cock and then punished me anally :-o RunTime : 20:01 Photos : 207 Rating : 4.4 ( 450 votes )
THREESOME MASSAGE
Me & my friend X went for a massage .
I did n't warn her that my massage therapist Max has a body and a huge cock on him like she would n't believe .
When he oiled us up X got really horny and offered me a helping mouth on Max 's huge cock ! ;-)
RunTime : 24:48 Photos : 299 Rating : 5.0 ( 132 votes )
SWIMMING PILLOW
Frankly speaking , i'm a bad swimmer and I usually use a swim ring , but recently my friend Caprice gave me her inflatable swimming pillow so I could use it in the pool ..
Love this product !
It 's so multifunctional !
Play the video if you want to see how I 'm using it !
RunTime : 15:30 Photos : 156 Rating : 5.0 ( 122 votes )
GARDEN SEX
I like improvisation and unexpected outdoor sex .
It 's a good way to spice up the sex life !
( Well , I know there is nothing very extreme about garden sex but my other secret sex desires are sex the top of a mountain and sex in the wild jungles !!!)
RunTime : 21:14 Photos : 269 Rating : 4.9 ( 144 votes )
2 IS BETTER THAN 1
i lost a card game to Max so i bought a bottle of champagne & came to his house to give him his sex reward ..
i did n't know that his friend was there too !
i felt confused at first but it was a good chance to find out if two cocks are really better than one !
RunTime : 24:20 Photos : 342 Rating : 4.8 ( 176 votes )
SUNBATHING WITH CAPRICE
My friend Little Caprice came around last week with some brunette babe and we decided to take a sunbath in my back yard ... naked :-P
If you do n't already know Caprice you need to know she 's always up to something crazy !
RunTime : 19:57 Photos : 386 Rating : 4.8 ( 212 votes )
GYM SEX
I am just a sexy girl with sexy desires and i'm always ready to new adventures like ... hooking up with a random stranger in gym !
seriously , how could i resist a cute muscle guy who promised to teach me how make my work - out even more intense ?
RunTime : 21:16 Photos : 208 Rating : 4.7 ( 186 votes )
ANAL SEX BY THE POOL
M. spitted in my ass , worked it up there with his fingers and rammed the head of his huge - sized cock my poor tiny asshole .
i knew there were another 9 inches to go and thought this thing is going to tear me to pieces but i loved every second of it !
RunTime : 20:11 Photos : 284 Rating : 4.9 ( 162 votes )
HARLEY SEX
Wanna know what turns me on ?
I love the feeling of some monster cock stretching my tight pussy to it 's limits , i love doing Pussy - To - Mouth , Ass - to - Mouth , and i love tough leather guys and bikes !
And I enjoy being dominant and submissive sometimes too .
RunTime : 21:34 Photos : 272 Rating : 4.6 ( 222 votes )
INTERRACIAL ADVENTURE
I 've recently read an article about how having a dog can help with meeting guys so I borrowed a cute English bulldog from my friends and went to a dog park for a hunt ;-)
The hunt was VERY successful !
This was my 1st interracial adventure i will never forget .
RunTime : 26:02 Photos : 393 Rating : 4.9 ( 210 votes )
CHOCOLATE MESS
We were playing soccer when it started raining and we jumped into the pool since we got wet anyways .
I could n't resist Caprice perky tits and started licking a sucking on her puffy nipples & then we had had a blast smearing each other with chocolate !
RunTime : 18:55 Photos : 236 Rating : 4.8 ( 111 votes )
OUTDOORS
It was 30 C and i got so f*cking hot i had to take all my clothes off .
There is little a girl can do when there 's no cock or a sex toy available but , fortunately , i know A LOT of ways to pleasure myself with my fingers and i can take care of my pussy like I want !
RunTime : 12:15 Photos : 151 Rating : 4.9 ( 229 votes )
BOXING
There 's nothing more exciting than an intense boxing work - out when i can box until i break out a good sweat and strip out of my sports wear .
And after that i just keep on boxing NAKED :-P
If you have a sports fetish you will enjoy this scene !
RunTime : 11:11 Photos : 151 Rating : 4.8 ( 222 votes )
SEXY WAYS TO WORK - OUT
I 'm a little bit crazy about staying in fit : every week I go to the pool , do aerobics and workout in the local gym !
i frequently photograph myself to see my progress & you will find these pictures in my members ' area .
XOXO Sabrinka RunTime : 13:50 Photos : 105 Rating : 5.0 ( 213 votes )
SWEET LOLLIPOP
i was in the toilet room at my friend 's house and i got sooooo horny , i can't discribe .
i realized that i had no dildo and no dick in hand , but I did have a lollipop ;-) so if you want to see a horny blond teen masturbating with a sweet lollipop - play this video now !
RunTime : 13:53 Photos : 152 Rating : 4.5 ( 333 votes )
HEADPHONES
If I was n't a model I 'd probably be a striptease dancer .
The only thing i do n't like about exotic dancing is that fake tits is a must for any girl in this industry .
I 'm 100 % natural & do n't wanna get a boob job ... so i'm dancing striptease for my members !
RunTime : 12:32 Photos : 168 Rating : 4.8 ( 296 votes )
SHOWER
Wanna watch petite blond teen taking a hot shower and masturbating ?
Im getting very wild in this video as i'm fingering myself until i'm horny & then toying my wet - dripping shaved pussy with my favorite blue toy !
Download this video - you 'll be glad you did !
RunTime : 15:31 Photos : 144 Rating : 4.9 ( 221 votes )
CHOCO CAKES
Wanna massage the chocolate all over my petite body , then lick it SLOWLY off my little titties and pussy ?
I promise , it will be the most tasty dessert you 've had the pleasure of eating and , maybe , I will let you play with my clit and my hard nipples for a while !
RunTime : 10:23 Photos : 133 Rating : 4.1 ( 191 votes )
A British medic held for months in an internment camp for Tamil civilians has revealed how military guards dealt out cruel punishments , while many suspected of links to Tiger rebels were taken away and have not been seen since
Tamil women interned after escaping the horrors of the civil war in Sri Lanka were sexually abused by their guards who traded sex for food , a British medic has revealed .
Vany Kumar , who was locked up behind barbed wire in the Menik Farm refugee camp for four months , also claims prisoners were punished by being made to kneel for hours in the hot sun , and those suspected of links to the defeated Tamil Tigers were taken away and not seen again by their families .
Kumar , 25 , from Essex , was released from internment in September , but has waited until now to reveal the full scale of her ordeal in the hope of avoiding reprisals against friends and family held with her .
They have now been released after the Sri Lankan government bowed to international pressure this month and opened the camps .
The Sri Lankan government confirmed to the Observer that it had received reports from United Nations agencies of physical and sexual abuse within the camps , but maintained that it had not been possible to substantiate the allegations .
It denied that prisoners had disappeared .
In response , a UN spokesman accused Colombo of " doing everything it could " to obstruct attempts to monitor the welfare of the hundreds of thousands interned in the camps .
Kumar , a biomedical graduate , was incarcerated in May in what she describes as a " concentration camp " , along with nearly 300,000 Tamil civilians who managed to escape the slaughter which accompanied the defeat of the Tamil Tiger rebels , who had been fighting for 25 years for a separate state on the island .
Working amid heavy shelling in an improvised field hospital , she had spent months helping save the lives of hundreds of civilians wounded as they were caught between advancing government soldiers and the cornered Tigers .
Sri Lanka has consistently denied mistreating the detainees , but Kumar 's damning new evidence will bolster the claims of human rights organisations which have repeatedly criticised the government in Colombo .
Speaking at the family home in Chingford , she accused the Sri Lankan government of persecuting Tamils as it sought to round up rebels who had escaped the fighting .
" It was a concentration camp , where people were not even allowed to talk , not even allowed to go near the fences , " she said .
" They were kept from the outside world .
The government did n't want people to tell what happened to them , about the missing or the disappearances or the sexual abuse .
They did n't want anyone to know .
" Sexual abuse is something that was a common thing , that I personally saw .
In the visitor area relatives would be the other side of the fence and we would be in the camp .
Girls came to wait for their relatives and military officers would come and touch them , and that 's something I saw .
" The girls usually did n't talk back to them , because they knew that in the camp if they talked anything could happen to them .
It was quite open , everyone could see the military officers touching the girls , " she said .
" Tamil girls usually do n't talk about sexual abuse , they wo n't open their mouths about it , but I heard the officers were giving the women money or food in return for sex .
These people were desperate for everything . "
She said prisoners who complained about their treatment were singled out by the guards .
" One time I saw an old man was waiting to visit the next camp and this military officer hit the old man .
I do n't know what the argument was , but the officer just hit him in the back .
" In the same area people were made to kneel down in the hot weather for arguing with the officers .
Sometimes it lasted for hours . "
Sometimes white vans appeared in the camp and took people away .
White vans hold a particular terror in Sri Lanka , where they are associated with the abduction of thousands of people by death squads .
" They were asking people to come in and take their names down if they had any sort of contact [ with the Tamil Tigers ] .
They did an investigation and then a van would come in and they would take them away and nobody would know after that .
I know people still searching for family members . "
Kumar said that on arrival at the camp , near the northern town of Vavuniya , she was put in a large tent with several people she did not know .
The camp was guarded by armed soldiers and ringed with high fences and rolls of razor wire .
" The first two or three days I was alone there still scare me .
When I arrived at the camp I put my bag down and just cried .
That feeling still wo n't go .
I just do n't want to think about those two or three days in the camp , the fear about what was going to happen to me .
" For the first few days I did n't eat anything .
We did n't know where to go to get food .
I thought , ' Am I dreaming or is this really happening ? '
I never thought I would end up in a camp . "
Tens of thousands of people were crammed into flimsy tents which provided little respite from the intense heat .
Toilets and washing facilities could not cope with the demands and food and water were in short supply .
" You have to bathe in an open area in front of others , which I find very uneasy .
I stayed next to the police station , so every day I had a bath with the police officers looking at me , men and women .
Everyone can see you when you are having a bath .
So I would get up early in the morning about 3.30 am , so it was dark , " she said .
Kumar was held in the best - equipped part of the camp , but even there conditions were dire .
" It is not a standard a human being can live in .
The basic needs like water and food [ were ] always a problem .
Most of the time you were queuing for water .
" The toilets were terrible , and there was not enough water , so we could not clean them .
There were insects and flies everywhere .
After two or three days of continuous rain , the sewage was floating on the water and going into the tents and everyone [ was ] walking through it , up to knee height . "
She was finally released into the custody of the British High Commission in early September .
The Sri Lankan government says it is aware of allegations of sexual abuse and punishment of prisoners , but denied large - scale abuse .
Rajiva Wijesinha , the permanent secretary to the Ministry of Disaster Management and Human Rights , said " there was a lot of sex going on " inside the camp , but he claimed that most reports involved abuse by fellow detainees .
" I can't tell you nothing happened , because I was n't there , " he said .
" Individual aberrations could have happened , but our position is ' Please tell us and they will be looked into ' . "
He said he was aware of one report from a UN agency , but claimed that establishing the facts was very difficult .
" We received a report that a soldier went into a tent at 11 pm and came out at 3 am .
It could have been sex for pleasure , it could have been sex for favours , or it could have been a discussion on Ancient Greek philosophy , we do n't know . "
As many as 100,000 people are believed to have died in Sri Lanka 's 25 - year civil war .
Mr. Goldstein waited a week , went online again and was still able to gain access to the Florida woman ’s account .
The Goldsteins then spoke to their fifth Amex customer rep , a man who , Mr. Goldstein said , did seem to grasp the seriousness .
“ He said this could be criminal , ” Mr. Goldstein recalled .
“ We said , ‘ Exactly . ’ ” When the Goldsteins commended him for his efforts , he asked if they would repeat that to his supervisor .
“ In these times , maybe he was trying to hold on to his job , ” Mr. Goldstein said .
The supervisor , their sixth Amex rep , said she could see that the technical people were all over it .
The Goldsteins went on vacation to St. Croix , returned Jan. 8 and , on Jan. 9 , Mr. Goldstein could still hack into the account .
“ I could see all the shopping she ’d done while we were gone , ” he said .
“ I also saw she did n’t pay her last balance and it was a lot — over $ 4,000 . ”
He wondered whether anyone had told this woman what had happened .
That weekend , Mr. Goldstein laid out the saga for me ( he said we had met years ago , though I had no memory of it ) and on Monday morning — exactly three weeks after the Goldsteins first tried to turn themselves in — I called Rosa Alfonso , an Amex spokeswoman , who immediately grasped the seriousness .
“ This is all I ’m working on , ” she said .
I explained that Mr. Goldstein was eager to give her the information for the hacked account .
But Ms. Alfonso said the privacy issues were so sensitive that she could n’t take it herself and needed to work through a special executive customer service rep , named Ed .
“ I told Ed the entire story , ” Mr. Goldstein later reported to me .
“ Complete silence .
I do n’t know if he was stunned or upset I was taking up so much of his time . ”
Mr. Goldstein was surprised how little information Ed seemed to need from him .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
The stingless bee takes a ' Pharaoh ' approach
A species of bee in Australia has found a gruesome way to deal with a parasitic interloper that can damage its hives .
The stingless bee ' mummifies ' any hive beetle that tries to enter its domain - wrapping the live parasite in resin , wax and mud until it can move no more .
The mummified beetles eventually starve and shrivel on the spot , researchers report in the journal Naturwissenschaften .
The strategy is so successful that it halts a beetle invasion within minutes .
Entomologist Mark Greco made the discovery while investigating the behaviour of a species of Australian stingless bee .
The beetles remain in position and eventually starve and shrivel on the spot
Entomologist Mark Greco
Swiss Bee Research Centre , Bern Australia has around 2,000 bee species of which just 10 are stingless .
These stingless bees are important pollinators of crops in the country , and some have a lifecycle very similar to that of honeybees , with a queen and her colony producing one to two kilograms of uniquely flavoured honey each year .
Not a lot is known about the parasites or pathogens of Australian stingless bees .
However , " occasionally one finds native beetles or other insects embedded in the wax structures of the nest while splitting or managing the hives , " says Dr Greco , who is studying for a PhD at the University of Western Sydney , Australia and the Swiss Bee Research Centre in Bern , Switzerland .
Once alive , now mummified
He and a team of colleagues , including honeybee expert Dr Peter Nuemann , investigated the response of the stingless bee ( Trigona carbonaria ) to adult small hive beetles ( Aethina tumida ) .
Using an innovative imaging technique , which involves taking pictures of the bee colony using a CT scanner , they could observe the insects ' interactions , both at the hive entrance and also within the hive .
Whenever a small hive beetle enters , it is set upon by worker bees that wrestle it and bite at its legs .
The beetles respond by adopting what the scientists call a " turtle posture " , tucking in their heads and legs .
This gives the bees an opportunity to mummify their enemy , which they do by coating the invasive parasites in resin , wax and mud .
" The beetles remain in position and eventually starve and shrivel on the spot , " Mr Greco told BBC Earth News .
A 3D view inside a live hive
The small hive beetle is a newcomer to Australia , thought to have been imported into the country during the 2000 Olympics .
Originally from Africa , it can devastate healthy honey bee colonies , and decimate struggling stingless bee colonies that become stressed by excessive heat .
But it does not appear to be major threat to healthy stingless bee colonies , perhaps due to the bees ' defensive strategy .
The mummification process is so effective that once the bees go into action " it takes only 10 minutes for all beetle advancements to cease , " says Mr Greco .
" It prevents the beetles from feeding and reproducing , thus saving the colony . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We all know Fox would n't let Joss Whedon tell the stories he wanted to tell in his mind - bitches - for - money show Dollhouse , resulting in some hit - and - miss early installments .
But in a new interview , Whedon explains that Fox 's biggest problem was with sexuality .
Even though Fox forced Whedon to scrap the show 's original pilot ( which was much more mythology - heavy and set up a ton of ongoing storylines ) and replace it with a bunch of standalone episodes , Whedon tells the Chicago Tribune that was n't really Fox 's problem with the series .
Whedon explains :
The problems that the show encountered were n't standalone versus mythology .
Basically the show did n't really get off the ground because the network pretty much wanted to back away from the concept five minutes after they bought it ...
The idea of sexuality was a big part of the show when it started and when that fell out , when the show turned into a thriller every week , it took something out of it that was kind of basic to what we were trying to do ...
Part of what was going to be the show was the idea of ... these clients and what their fantasies were , what they expected , what they wanted .
You know , what do we get from each other in our most intimate relationships , be they sexual or [ whatever else ] .
The interest in the client kind of moved away .
We were n't going to tell little [ client ] stories .
They were going to be scary , exciting or funny .
They were n't going to just be people ruminating .
But these little stories inevitably just took on a thriller component , and if Echo is sleeping with somebody it's to service something else ...
Fox sort of has that reputation for sexy or edgy or blah , blah , blah , but they do n't actually want that and it frustrates me .
It 's the classic American double standard — torture , " Great . "
Sex , " Oh , that 's so bad . "
And but this was also more complicated because people responded to this [ by saying ] , " This is trafficking .
This is sex for money . "
It was n't just sex .
It was also the other implications of what was originally supposed to be somewhat more of a fantasy .
The real world version of [ this kind of activity ] was I think what made the network really twitchy and I can't really fault them for that .
I just thought when I went in and pitched it ... you know , it frightened me too [ but I thought ] we all got that that was what we were doing .
Exploitation was n't the whole theme .
It was going to be a question of , how much of this fantasy will people let us have .
Now , I did n't make exactly the same show [ that was pitched ] , but we did get to delve in the territory a little bit .
The idea was always , how much of the fantasy will [ viewers ] accept and how much will they go , " You know what , this just is too much like real - world situations that are truly appalling and so I can't let the fantasy happen . "
Because as I said before , when you 're dealing with fantasies , particularly sexual ones , you 're going off the reservation .
You 're not going to be doing things that are perfectly correct .
It 's supposed to be about the sides of us that we do n't want people to see .
My Secret Santa humbled me with his creative efforts !
The Top Secret communication from Reddit High Command was a blast to read , and the kit is full of fun magnets , stickers , and festive toys .
Since I am a man of few words , I thought it'd be appropriate to webcam / snapshot the unboxing and put up a small photobucket :
http://s988.photobucket.com/albums/af5/bb_redditsanta/
( Not pictured : funny - face stickers , and every sub - box in its own cool wrapping paper .
Math and lolcat and zombie paper !
I wish those pics had come out clearly because it was really quite a presentation ! )
Super thank - you , Secret Santa !
You talkin ' to me ... huh ?
Ãœks tutt - tihane tuli Ã¼lbama .
Viskasin kaamera vÃµssa ja panin punuma .
Crested Tit , Parus cristatus .
Jaanuar , 2010
View All ( 4 ) You talkin ' to me ... huh ?
Ãœks tutt - tihane tuli Ã¼lbama .
Viskasin kaamera vÃµssa ja panin punuma .
Crested Tit , Parus cristatus .
Jaanuar , 2010
View All ( 4 ) Ãœks tutt - tihane tuli Ã¼lbama .
Viskasin kaamera vÃµssa ja panin punuma .
Crested Tit , Parus cristatus .
Jaanuar , 2010
More than 24 million Chinese men will be single with no available women to marry by 2020 , reports the AFP .
With a one - child - per- family dictate and a national view that girls are useless , this should n’t come as a surprise .
But did China really not see this coming ?
Female - specific abortions throughout China are to blame , says a study by the government - funded Chinese Academy of Social Sciences .
Aborting girls became popular once ultrasound technology was easily available in the 1980s , allowing Chinese women to see the sex of their babies in utero .
And with the Chinese government implementing its population control policy since 1979 , which generally limits families to one child , few want a girl .
So what happens when these millions of men are of marrying age in 10 years with few women to marry ?
China will have a huge problem with female abductions , forced prostitution , trafficking of women and illegal marriage , says the Global Times .
And then you could look at it this way :
There will be 24 million sexually frustrated , oppressed men with no family to care for , living solitary lives in a communist regime .
Sounds like the recipe for world domination with one angry army .
( Perhaps the Chinese knew exactly what they were doing . )
So save the world , women of Philadelphia !
Take a trip to China and bring home a boyfriend .
Set up a mail order groom service .
Drain woman - hating China of their men , and teach them how to value women .
We could use a few good men , after all .
For every 100 females 18 and older in Philly , there were 81.8 males in the 2000 census .
In fact , there were 7.14 million more women than men 18 and older in the U.S. in 2000 .
Though our “ shortage ” of men is not comparable to China ’s carefully sculpted male - female imbalance , we could definitely start a trend .
Save future women from sex trafficking and forced prostitution !
Save us from the possibility of a weird , angry communist army !
But most of all , save us from ignoring the fact that population control and killing off little girls is a horrifying , unsuccessful way of life .
Finding your way through a long , dark tunnel full of twists and turns is tough enough – doing it without a map is even harder .
Most people who regularly use the TTC subway can easily navigate the system .
They can glance at the tunnel wall as they pass through a station and know which one is next .
But not everyone is so familiar with the stops .
Occasional riders , tourists and out - of - towners rely on the route maps posted above the doors of subway cars , next to the overhead advertisements , to help them figure out where they are .
We 've had complaints dating back to last summer from readers who say there are far fewer route maps in subway cars than there used to be , with some people thinking the TTC deliberately took them down .
" I moved here this year and really rely on the transit maps to help me get to job interviews , " said Debra Fink in an email .
" Why have they been removed from the Yonge line cars ? "
We jumped on and off subway cars on the Bloor - Danforth line several times Monday to check it out and noticed blank spaces above the doors of quite a few – exactly where the route map would be .
But we also spotted at least one route map in most of the cars .
At mid-afternoon , when there are n't many riders , it 's easy to wander down to one of the maps , but during rush hour , when the cars are jam - packed , it would be a battle to get close to one .
STATUS : TTC spokesman Brad Ross confirmed that they 've had ongoing problems with disappearing route maps , which are held in place by a bracket and are easily removed .
Ross says the TTC thinks people swipe them for souvenirs , which seems quite likely .
Star editor Kevin Scanlon said he recalls a similar issue with route maps long ago , when people were stealing them to make lampshades .
Ross said anyone who wants a free system map can come to the TTC 's head office at Yonge St. and Davisville Ave .
or call its customer service line at 416-393-3030 .
TTC staff try to replace them when they notice they 're missing , he said , adding they 'll try harder .
What 's broken in your neighbourhood ?
We want to know .
To email us , go to thestar.com / thefixer .
Or call us at 416-869-4823 .
“ We are not winning , which means we are losing and as we are losing , the message traffic out there to insurgency recruits keeps getting better and better and more keep coming . ”
This was the message Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman Admiral Michael Mullen had for US soldiers at Fort Campbell , Kentucky , from which two combat brigades will be sent to Afghanistan as part of President Obama ’s latest escalation .
When President Obama sent 21,000 additional troops in his March escalation , violence in Afghanistan only continued to worsen , and Mullen and other top military officials are predicting that the death toll in 2010 will be even higher , in no small measure as a result of the new escalation .
Though the White House has presented the current surge as a can’t miss strategy that will yield such overwhelming results that they can begin a pullout by July 2011 , it seems that officials remain aware the grim realities of an ever worsening war .
Not so aware that they would actually end the war in a timely fashion , of course , but aware all the same .
Like most things I write about Dungeons and Dragons , I ’m going to be working with D&D 3.x , specifically the core rules as presented in The Hypertext d20 SRD .
In the case of this piece , I ’m also only going to be talking about named magic items , rather than all magic item properties .
So , you wo n’t see an icy burst sword on the list , but you could conceivably see the Frost Brand .
In addition , I ’m not dealing with epic items .
We already have artifacts , and those are good enough .
Finally , items are judged based on originality , flavor , fun , and powers , not based on how good they are at letting you twink your character .
Not that there ’s anything wrong with twinking , but it ’s not what I ’m looking at here .
With that out of the way , let ’s get this started , shall we ?
1. Rod of Lordly Might
Here we have the Swiss Army knife of Dungeons and Dragons .
First , it ’s a staff with the ability to cast Hold Person , Fear , and a weak version of Vampiric Touch once per day .
But wait , there ’s more !
It can also be used as a magical mace ( +2 ) !
Need a torch ?
No problem !
Just turn it into a flaming longsword ( +1 ) instead .
Not only will it light your way , it does a number on all of your enemies at the same time !
And for those times you need raw power over all else , turn it into a magical battleaxe ( +4 ) with which to cleave through your enemies .
For those who prefer long pointy sticks , you can have your choice of shortspear , longspear , and lance ( all +3 ) .
It really does everything !
And that ’s still not all !
Extra functions include an extendable ladder that can anchor in rock as hard as granite , the ability to force open doors , a compass , and an altimeter in case you happen to be out for a pleasant ride on dragonback !
And it ’s all yours if you help the town out with it ’s troll problem !
Seriously though , what ’s not to like about it ?
2. Boots of Dancing
This is the one gimp item I ’ve given a player that they truly seemed to enjoy .
These cast what is possibly my favorite wizard spell in the game , Irresistible Dance , on whoever is foolish enough to wear them into melee .
Or run from melee in them .
There ’s nothing quite like telling a player who charges into melee that he begins break dancing and does n’t know why .
But hey , it ’s a really fun curse , even despite its irritations from a mechanical perspective .
Not saying I would n’t get rid of them first chance I had , but they are fun .
Besides , once a player manages to remove them , there ’s nothing quite like the revenge they take in using the boots against an unsuspecting npc .
3. Dust of Sneezing and Choking
This is another fine cursed item .
Casting it into the air in hopes of revealing invisible foes , everyone begins coughing and sneezing instead .
Incidentally , it does reveal invisible foes , it just does so by the sound of the coughing opponent .
Of course , no one actually gets to do anything about it , since anyone in the area is completely unable to do anything else .
Assuming they even survive the constitution damage .
Of course , if you know what it is beforehand somehow , and properly prepare someone to release it , this can actually be a devastating first strike against any foe , followed up with the rest of the party once the designated patsy releases the first strike .
And turning a cursed item to your advantage is where the real fun begins .
4. Javelin of Lightning
Ever since you ’ve heard of Thor or Zeus , and perhaps even before then , you ’ve always wanted to throw lightning bolts .
Here ’s your chance .
Every one of these Javelins is a lightning bolt in a can just waiting to be released .
Really .
Just throw them and watch the fun .
I know it ’s simple , but that ’s really all there is to this one .
5. Oathbow
Under normal circumstances , this is just a very well made bow designed for those of above average strength .
However , swearing an oath to kill an opponent turns this bow into a magical powerhouse whenever used against that enemy , while making it less stellar against all other opponents .
The oath remains in effect until the enemy is slain or seven days elapse , whichever comes first .
Then it can be done all over again .
This is great for those characters who would make such oaths , and have that kind of single - minded determination to pursue an enemy to the end .
Come to think of it , it would be a great fit for a holy warrior wielding a Sun Blade and Shield of the Sun .
( See below and you ’ll see what I mean . )
6. Apparatus of the Crab
I do n’t know what crazy wizard thought of this item , but it ’s D&D ’s equivalent to a tank and submarine all rolled into one .
Without the giant guns anyway .
It requires two people to truly pilot effectively , but man , the look on the faces of the enemy when they see a giant metal crab approaching is worth it .
So is the protection offered .
It ’s a little clunky to move around in , but what proper tank is n’t ?
Time to find some wizard spells that do n’t require line of effect in order to really dish out some pain from the inside .
Just in case the pincers were n’t enough for you .
I love using this as an enemy , only to have the players find out there are two more inside , fresh and ready to fight once the crab itself is taken down .
Which is no easy feat on its own .
It ’s also great to let the players use in one - off missions for a kingdom , particularly if they ’re lower in level and you want to let them have a taste of power and bigger combats to come .
7. Dust of Dryness
This powder is incredibly absorbent , with the ability to soak up 100 gallons of water and store it in an area the size of a pebble .
When hurled down , it then releases all absorbed water .
As long as you can find a lake or ocean to use , getting all that water is easy .
After that , the fun part begins .
All that water exploding away from the pebble should cause some havoc .
You wo n’t get any floods out of it , but you ’ll probably knock over your enemies from the power of the current , provide enough water for a town to make it through a drought if you ’ve been carrying it awhile , or really ruin a fire elemental ’s day , among many other possibilities .
8. Instant Fortress
What ’s cooler than having your own fortress ?
Keeping your own fortress in your pocket , then dropping it on your enemies ’ heads when they attack you !
That ’s exactly what the instant fortress allows you to do .
Complete with battlements and arrow slits , it grows straight out of a metal cube and roots itself into the ground , mauling and pushing away those who attempted to invade your personal space bubble .
Also great when you need an impromptu way to block the pass into town from the roaming bandits .
Definitely beats building the fortress by hand .
Especially when you have about a minute to get the job done .
9. Ring Gates
You know how sometimes , you just have to split the party even though you know it will end badly ?
Well , these will help make it end less badly .
Items can be transferred between these two magic hoops , so if one group realizes they need something the other group has , just send them a message and have them send it on back to you .
Also coordinate a two pronged attack without using telepathy .
Or learn a cool new fighting style through the hoops .
Maybe the tank can hold up one hoop while the rogue sneak attacks through the other from a safe distance away .
Or maybe that falls under the clause of being too far away , you might need a GM call on that one .
Casting spells through the ring is a go though , so that ’s very helpful for the frail wizard who wants to deliver a devastating touch spell , or a cleric who prefers to heal the party from a distance .
In short , very versatile , and helpful in a variety of circumstances , particularly with some planning .
10 . The Shield of the Sun
Perfect for the non-chaotic warrior of justice .
Everyone knows warriors do n’t know magic , but can derive power from great artifacts .
This is one such artifact , which grants spellcasting as a level 20 paladin to the wielder , among other perks .
In return , the wielder must undertake a quest every year at the behest of a good deity .
Between the quest likely undertaken in order to find this shield in the first place , as well as every quest taken thereafter , this is a beautiful choice for lots of extra plot .
It also provides magic for the holy warrior that wishes to rely on his tools rather than inherent magic , and in return you ’ll see the warrior doing a lot of good questing .
I love pairing this with a Sun Blade , which is especially useful against evil creatures and has a daylight power that seems to fit right in with this shield and the theme of a warrior gaining magic through his tools rather than a deity .
Despite the negative images of the Clintons shown in the highly publicized new book ' Game Change , ' Bill and Hillary Clinton are virtually all alone in defending themselves .
Game over : The Clintons stand alone
A new book is out with a highly critical but unsourced portrait of Hillary Clinton .
This familiar occurrence — it ’s happened too many times to count over the years — has usually been greeted with an equally familiar response : A fast and furious counterattack from the Clinton inner circle .
What ’s notable about the highly publicized release of “ Game Change , ” however , is the virtual silence from the Clinton camp .
The lack of public outrage seems to mark the sputtering end of what was once known as the Clinton political machine and underlines a fact that onetime Clinton loyalists acknowledge :
The book ’s primary sources about the former candidate and current secretary of state are her own former staffers and intimates .
Advertisement
As a result , there is no campaign of veteran Clintonites spinning the press corps and trying to pre-emptively discredit the book ’s scathing depiction of Hillary Clinton as a rudderless candidate and a cheerleader for vicious tactics against eventual winner Barack Obama .
There is no team of Clinton proxies going on cable television to denounce authors Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as scurrilous and unworthy of belief .
This time , Bill and Hillary Clinton are virtually alone .
While the low - key response to a brutal portrayal of Clinton in part reflected a decision to keep a prominent face of the Obama administration ’s foreign policy above the fray , it was also a recognition of reality :
The same senior aides who had leaked damaging gossip could hardly be expected to rebut it .
These people have violated the Clinton world ’s final taboo :
After savaging one another in the press for more than a year , the former aides finally turned on the principals .
“ Game Change ” peels back a decade of careful renovations off Hillary Clinton ’s carefully constructed public face , casting her in the terms that defined her at her lows in the mid-1990s : scheming , profane , sometimes paranoid , often tone - deaf .
The authors report that Clinton and her aides plotted behind allies ' backs to enter the 2004 presidential contest and that Clinton herself favored some of the nastiest tactics , such as suggesting that then - Sen .
Barack Obama had been a drug dealer , in the 2008 campaign .
And she continued to believe — without evidence , and long after her concession — that he had , in effect , stolen the Iowa caucuses by importing out - of - state voters .
Her husband , the former president , is depicted as canny , but flawed as ever : making key errors , as has been widely reported , in South Carolina , and raising his own aides ’ suspicions that he was reprising the extramarital wanderings that exploded during his presidency .
“ Everybody talked .
Anybody that tells you they did n’t are lying to you , ” lamented one former top Clinton aide , who mused that perhaps for the first time in a career of leaks and betrayals , the Clinton ’s innermost circle of loyalists been breached .
The result leaves the Clintons exposed and isolated , their darkest suspicions — “ us against the world ” — validated .
The closest parallel is the 1994 publication of “ The Agenda , ” by Bob Woodward , an account of Clinton administration policymaking that seared both Clintons and left them deeply distrustful for years of their own staff .
The book reported that many of Clinton ’s Senate colleagues — including some who nominally supported her , such as New York Sen.
Chuck Schumer — were secretly offering aid to Obama all along .
And the judgment from Halperin — the high priest of establishment political journalism , who cut his teeth as a political reporter covering Bill Clinton ’s 1992 presidential campaign — marks the end of a particular era .
Clinton can , of course , survive the judgment .
She has one of the world ’s best jobs , and one with an unparalleled capacity to change the subject from uncomfortable political stories , as well as to get out of town :
She has conveniently scheduled a trip for this week to Australia , New Zealand , and Papua New Guinea .
State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said he had n’t read the book and declined to comment , and a spokesman for former President Bill Clinton also declined to comment on the book .
No other defenders volunteered themselves , and e-mails to many of the senior aides referred to in the book drew no contradictions .
“ Have n't read the book , ” wrote Howard Wolfson , once Clinton ’s communications director and fiercest defender — with a specialty in killing unflattering books at birth — in an e-mail .
“ Working for Secretary Clinton was a privilege that I will always be grateful for . ”
One who did rise to the Clintons ’ defense was pollster Mark Penn , subject of some of the tome ’s most caustic comments , and one of the few former insiders who remains close to the Clintons .
“ There was often an underlying lack of respect for the Clintons inside the campaign during the effort and now after it that often amazed me , ” he wrote in an e-mail .
“ I have the highest respect for both of the Clintons and what they have accomplished through adversity , and I hope that is clear . ”
If everyone talked , it was one aide in particular whose firing breached the Clinton ’s innermost circle : Patti Solis Doyle , a former East Wing scheduler who was fired as Clinton ’s campaign manager early in 2008 .
Clinton ’s circle blames
Doyle for many of the book ’s most embarrassing revelations .
“ She ’s a likely suspect ” for “ 80 percent ” of the book ’s content , said the consultant James Carville .
( Solis Doyle responded to the charge in an e-mail that she had n’t read the book and was in the midst of a family matter . )
The staffers and politicians who served as the anonymous sources for “ Game Change " reveal a deeply unflattering image through the eyes of the people who should admire Hillary Clinton most .
After Clinton reportedly offered Obama the tersest of congratulations on his victory in Iowa , for instance , one of her “ senior - most lieutenants ” is described watching “ her bitter and befuddled reaction , her staggering lack of calm or command . ”
The staffer told the authors of his or her private conclusion : “ This woman should n’t be president . ”
That is the book 's central theme : that Clinton , John Edwards , and John McCain were all brought down by their personal flaws , and probably deserved to be .
Obama alone matches up , more or less , to his public portrait .
McCain shoots as wildly from the hip as observers ever imagined .
Edwards is more the empty suit , his wife more Lady Macbeth , than their worst enemies alleged .
Bill Clinton , too , appears to confirm the worst campaign - trail gossip : shrewd but uncontrollable , believed by his own aides to be philandering , and the source of catastrophic decisions in January 2008 .
( His spokesman declined to comment on the book and on the allegations of infidelity . )
Hillary Clinton , though , had been at least partially protected in previous tellings of the campaign , her role vanishing into a haze of dueling and disagreeable advisers .
" Game Change " puts her at the center of the action and systematically hacks away the attributes she spent a decade acquiring in the public eye : humanity , humility , competence .
Much of the disillusion comes in Iowa .
The authors write :
The Iowans did n’t seem to be listening to her , just gawking at her , like she was an animal in a zoo .
Hillary would hear from her staff the things voters were saying about her : “ She ’s so much prettier in person ” ; “ she ’s so much nicer than I thought . ”
It made her ill .
She found the Iowans diffident and presumptuous ; she felt they were making her grovel .
Hillary detested pleading for anything , from money to endorsements , and in Iowa it was no different .
She resisted calling the local politicos whose support she needed .
One time , she spent forty - five minutes on the phone wooing an activist , only to be told at the call ’s end that the woman was still deciding between her and another candidate .
Hillary hung up in a huff .
“ I ca n’t believe this ! ” she said .
“ How many times am I going to have to meet these same people ? ”
The public Clinton was humble and hard - working .
The private one is depicted as “ extravagantly self - certain , ” believing so devoutly in her own destiny that she quietly began planning for her presidential transition during the primary .
And when she rose again in New Hampshire , she took full credit : " I get really tough when people f*** with me , ” she reportedly told an aide , one of half a dozen times she 's quoted in the book using the f- word . "
( That 's not the record : McCain is quoted using the profanity 11 times in a single outburst . )
Perhaps most damaging for Clinton ’s current position , the book places her at the heart of the harshest tactics against Obama .
After a supporter , Bill Shaheen , suggested Obama might have been a drug dealer , Clinton ’s campaign debated its course of action .
“ Hillary ’s reaction to Shaheen ’s remarks was ‘ Good for him ! ’ ” the authors write .
“ Followed by ‘ Let ’s push it out ! ’ ”
She even bought into the wildest of anti-Obama rumors , and was reportedly “ obsessed with ” a mythical recording of Michelle Obama using the slur “ whitey . ”
" ' They ’ve got a tape , they ’ve got a tape , ' she told her aides excitedly .
It just goes to show , Hillary added , ‘ You never know what can happen , ’ ” reports " Game Change . "
The revelations carry into Clinton ’s present post .
The aide who , according to the book and other sources , pushed the darkest anti-Obama rumors most aggressively was Sidney Blumenthal , whom Clinton last year attempted to make her official speechwriter .
The book casts her state department chief of staff Cheryl Mills as another hardliner whose most sensitive job was her role on a “ campaign within a campaign ” devoted to Bill Clinton ’s sex life .
She reportedly “ handled delicate matters where attorney - client privilege might prove useful . ”
Finally , the depiction of candidate Clinton in " Game Change " suggests that her competitiveness sometimes expressed itself as consuming suspicion .
" I am convinced they also imported people into those caucuses , ” she reportedly told Penn a month after her concession .
In that conversation , which the authors appear to have obtained from a tape - recording or transcript , she reporteldly gave Penn a particularly self - serving assignment :
I want you to start thinking about how I avoid being blamed [ for Obama ’s possible defeat ] ” , Clinton said .
“ Because I should n’t be blamed .
But they are going to blame me .
I somehow did n’t do enough . ”
But if Clinton could be mistrustful , she often had good cause , and " Game Change " leaves the Clintons isolated not only from their dishing aides but also from many prominent Democrats .
Schumer reportedly slipped advice to the Obama camp .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid secretly encouraged Obama to run .
Al Gore , in a secret meeting , gave Obama a nudge .
The authors contend that former Sen .
Tom Daschle , who became a top Obama backer , expressed real animosity toward the Clintons , with whom he had worked closely throughout the 1990s and after Hillary Clinton 's arrival in the Senate .
Daschle “ considered Hillary an icy prima donna ; her husband … a narcissist on an epic scale ; the dynamic between the couple , bizarre ; their treatment of their friends , unforgivably manipulative and disloyal , ” the authors write .
Daschle did not respond to a request for comment .
Schumer said he consistently backed Clinton as long as she was in the race .
Neither Clinton comes off entirely negatively .
The former president is cannier than his aides , seeing the threat from Obama early on .
The candidate appears tough , resilient , and deeply concerned for her daughter .
Only one figure in the narrative appears to dissent from this deeply unflattering view of Hillary Clinton : Barack Obama .
“ She ’s smart , she ’s capable , she ’s tough , she ’s disciplined , ” Obama reportedly told skeptical aides when he offered her the job of secretary of state .
“ She would n’t have to be taught or have her hand held .
She would n’t have to earn her place on the world stage ; she already had global stature .
She pays attention to nuance . … and that ’s what I want in a secretary of state , because the stakes are so high .
I ca n’t have somebody who would put us in peril with one errant sentence . ”
McGonagall bears the unique distinction of meriting two seperate entries in Stephen Pile ’s Book of Heroic Failures .
These entries are reproduced below :
The Worst British Poet
With William Topaz McGonagall , we approach one of the giants in our field .
He was so giftedly bad that he backed unwittingly into genius .
Combining a minimal feel for the English language with a total lack of self - awareness and nil powers of observation , he became a poet .
Sitting in his back room in Paton ’s Lane , Dundee , wishing he was on holiday , he was seized with a desire to write poetry .
He paced the room , saying , “ But I know nothing about poetry . ”
Thus qualified he sat down and penned his first great work .
An Address to the Rev George Gilfillan All hail to the Rev George Gilfillan of Dundee ,
He is the greatest preacher I did ever hear or see .
He is a man of genius bright ,
And in him his congregation does delight ,
Because they find him to be honest and plain ,
Affable in temper , and seldom known to complain .
He preaches in a plain straightforward way ,
The people flock to hear him night and day ,
And hundreds from the doors are often turn ’d away ,
Because he is the greatest preacher of the present day .
He has written the life of Sir Walter Scott ,
And while he lives he will never be forgot ,
Nor when he is dead ,
Because by his admirers it will be often read ;
And fill their minds with wonder and delight ,
And wile away the tedious hours on a cold winter ’s night .
He has also written about the Bards of the Bible ,
Which occupied nearly three years in which he was not idle ,
Because when he sits down to write he does it with might and main ,
And to get an interview with him it would be almost vain ,
And in that he is always right ,
For the Bible tells us whatever your hands findeth to do ,
Do it with all your might .
Rev George Gilfillan of Dundee , I must conclude my muse ,
And to write in praise of thee my pen does not refuse ,
Nor does it give me pain to tell the world fearlessly , that when
You are dead they shall not look upon your like again .
On one famous occasion , he read this and other of his poems in a pub .
“ It was a great triumph .
The publican told the waiter to throw a wet towel at me , which , of course , the waiter did and I received the wet towel , full force , in the face , ” he wrote in his diary .
The Worst Macbeth
William McGonagall ’s first stage appearance was as Macbeth at Mr Giles ’s Theatre in Dundee .
Realizing what a talent McGonagall had , Mr Giles said that he could only appear if a large sum of money was paid to the theatre in cash before the performance .
McGonagall said he considered this “ rather hard ” , but his fellow workers at the Seafield Handloom Works in Dundee had a whip round .
They had heard him reciting Shakespeare at work , in his own unique way , and were keen to see him turned loose amidst professional actors .
“ When the great night arrived , ” McGonagall wrote in his diary , “ my shopmates were in high glee with the hope of getting a Shakespearian treat from me .
And I can assure you , without boasting , they were not disappointed . ”
When he appeared on stage , he was received with a perfect storm of applause .
When he uttered his first line – “ So foul and fair a day I have not seen ” – there was a deafening ovation .
The high spot came in the final scene , when Macduff is supposed to kill Macbeth in a sword fight .
Unwisely , the actor playing Macduff told McGonagall to “ cut it short ” .
Suspecting that the actor was jealous of the acclaim he was receiving , McGonagall refused to die .
A new ending to ‘ Macbeth ’ seemed imminent .
“ I continued the combat until he was fairly exhausted , and there was one old gentleman in the audience cried out : “ Well done , McGonagall !
Walk into him ! ”
And so I did until he ( Macduff ) was in great rage , and stamped his foot , and cried out “ Fool ! why do n’t you fall ? ”
And when I did fall , the cry was “ McGonagall ! McGonagall !
Bring him out !
Bring him out ! ”
Until I had to come out and receive an ovation from the audience . ”
© Stephen Pile , 1979 .
All rights acknowledged
Books
Android Update
RubyGems / Maven Integration
~/ projects / jruby ➔ gem install com.lowagie.itext-rtf
Successfully installed bouncycastle.bcmail-jdk14-138-java
Successfully installed bouncycastle.bcprov-jdk14-138-java
Successfully installed bouncycastle.bctsp-jdk14-138-java
Successfully installed com.lowagie.itext-rtf-2.1.7-java
4 gems installed
Installing ri documentation for bouncycastle.bcmail-jdk14-138 - java ...
Installing ri documentation for bouncycastle .
bcprov-jdk14-138-java ...
Installing ri documentation for bouncycastle .bctsp-jdk14-138-java ...
Installing ri documentation for com.lowagie.itext-rtf-2.1.7- java ...
Installing RDoc documentation for bouncycastle.bcmail-jdk14-138-java ...
Installing RDoc documentation for bouncycastle.bcprov-jdk14-138-java...
Installing RDoc documentation for bouncycastle.bctsp-jdk14-138-java...
Installing RDoc documentation for com.lowagie.itext-rtf-2.1.7-java ...
Rake ?
Ant ?
Why not Both ?
Using Rake tasks from Ant and Ant tasks from Rake
Calling Rake targets from Ant and Ant targets from Rake
Mixed build systems with part in Rake and part in Ant
require ' ant '
ant.load ' build.xml ' # defines tasks : mkdir + : setup in ant !
task : compile => [ : mkdir , : setup ] do
ant.javac( : srcdir => src_dir , : destdir => " ./build/classes " ) do
classpath : refid => " project.class.path "
end
end
The C Extension Question
#include < stdio.h >
#include < ruby .h >
VALUE HelloModule = Qnil ;
VALUE HelloClass = Qnil ;
VALUE say_hello( VALUE self , VALUE hello ) ;
VALUE get_hello( VALUE self ) ;
void
Init_defineclass ()
{
HelloClass = rb_define_class ( " Hello " , rb_cObject ) ;
rb_define_method( HelloClass , " get_hello " , get_hello , 0 ) ;
rb_define_method( HelloClass , " say_hello " , say_hello , 1 ) ;
}
VALUE
say_hello( VALUE self , VALUE hello )
{
return Qnil ;
}
VALUE
get_hello( VALUE self )
{
return rb_str_new2 ( " Hello , World " ) ;
}
require ' java '
m = org.jruby.cext.ModuleLoader.new
m.load ( self , " defineclass " )
h = Hello.new
puts " Hello.new returned # {h.inspect} "
puts " h.get_hello returns #{h.get_hello} "
JRuby in 2010
( How long has it been since I last blogged ?
Answer : a long time .
I 'll try to blog more frequently now that the ( TOTALLY INSANE ) fall conference season is over .
Remind me to never have three conferences in a month ever again . )
Hello friends !
It 's been a busy week !
I thought I 'd show some of what 's happening with JRuby , so you know we 're still here plugging away .
Earlier this week I helped Jan Berkel get the Ruboto IRB application working on a more recent JRuby build .
There were a few minor tweaks needed , and Jan was interested in helping out , so I made the tweaks and added him as a committer .
The Ruboto IRB project repository is here : http://github.com/headius/ruboto-irb
Lately my interest in JRuby on Android has increased .
I realized very recently that JRuby is just about the only mainstream JVM languge that can create * new * code while running on the device , which opens up a whole host of possibilities .
It is not possible to implement an interactive shell in Groovy or Scala or Clojure , for example , since they all must first compile code to JVM bytecode , and JVM bytecode can't run on the Dalvik VM directly .
As I played with Ruboto IRB this week , I discovered something even more exciting : almost all the bugs that prevented JRuby from working well in early Android releases have been solved !
Specifically , the inability to reflect any android .* classes seems to be fixed in both Android 1.6 and Android 2.0.x .
Why is this so cool ?
It 's cool because with Ruboto IRB you can interactively play with almost any Android API : This example accesses the Activity ( the IRB class in Ruboto IRB ) , constructs a new WebView , loads some HTML into it , and ( not shown ) replaces the content WebView .
Interactively .
On the device .
Awesome .
I am trusting you to not go mad with power , and to use Ruboto only for good .
JRuby has always been a Ruby implementation first , and as a result we 've often neglected Java platform integration .
But with Ruby 1.8.7 compatibility very solid and Ruby 1.9 work under way , we 've started to turn our attentions toward Java again .
One of the key areas for language integration is tool support .
And for Java developers , tool support invariably involves Maven .
About a year ago , I started a little project to turn Maven artifacts into RubyGems .
The mapping was straightforward : both have dependencies , a name , a description , a unique identifier , version numbers , and a standard file format for describing a given package .
The maven_gem project was my proof - of - concept that it 's possible to merge the two worlds .
The maven_gem repository is here : http://github.com/jruby/maven_gem
The project sat mostly dormant until I circled back to it this fall .
But once I got the guys from Sonatype involved ( purveyors of the Nexus Maven server ) things really got interesting .
Thanks to Tamas Cservenak from Sonatype , we now have something once thought impossible : full RubyGems integration of all the Maven artifacts in the world !
The Nexus RubyGems support repository is here : http://github.com/cstamas/nexus-ruby-support/
Here 's a an example of a full session , where I additionally install Rhino and then use it from IRB : http://gist.github.com/271764
I should reiterate what this means for JRuby users : as of JRuby 1.5 , you 'll be able to install or use in dependencies any Java library ever published to the public Maven repository .
In short , you now have an additional 60000 - some libraries at your fingertips .
Awesome , no ?
There are some remaining issues to work through , like the fact that RubyGems itself chokes on that many gems when generating indexes , but there 's a test server up and working .
We 'll get all the issues resolved by the time we release JRuby 1.5 RC1 .
Jump on the JRuby mailing list if you 're like to discuss this new capability .
Another item on the integration front is Tom Enebo 's work on providing seamless two - way integration of Rake ( Ruby 's build tool ) and Ant .
There 's three aspects to Rake / Ant integration : Tom 's work so far has focused on the first bullet , but the other two will come along as well .
You 'll be able to translate your
Ant script to Rake and have it work without modification , call out to Rake from Ant , include a Rakefile in Ant and use its targets , and so on .
Here 's an example of pulling in a build.xml file , depending on its targets , and calling Ant tasks from Rake : Ideally we 'll cover all possible integration scenarios , and finally blur the lines between Rake and Ant .
And we 'll be able to move JRuby 's build into Rake , which will make all of us very happy .
Look forward to this in JRuby 1.5 as well .
One aspect of Ruby itself that we 've punted on is support for Ruby 's C extension API .
We have n't done that to spite C extension users or developers -- far from it ... we'd love to flip a switch and have C extensions magically work .
The problem is that Ruby 's C API provides too - invasive access to the internals of objects , and there 's just no way we can support that sort of access without incurring a massive overhead ( because we'd have to copy stuff back and forth for every operation ) .
But there 's another possibility we 've started to explore : supporting only a " safe " subset of the Ruby C API , and providing a few additional functions to replace the " unsafe " invasive bits .
To that end , we ( as in Wayne Meissner , creator of the FFI implementations for JRuby and Ruby ) have cleaned up and published a C extension API shim library to Github .
The JRuby C extension shim library repository is here : http://github.com/wmeissner/jruby-cext
Last night I spent some time getting this building and working on OS X , and to my surprise I was able to get a ( very ) trivial C extension to work !
Here 's the part in C .
Note that this is identical to what you 'd write if you were implementing the extension for Ruby :
Here 's the little snippit of Ruby code that loads and calls it .
Note that the ModuleLoader logic would be hidden behind require / load in a final version of the C extension support .
Among the C API pieces we probably wo n't ever support are things like RSTRING , RARRAY , RHASH that give direct access to string , array , and hash internals , anything dealing with Ruby 's threads or runtime , and so on .
Basically the pieces that do n't fit well into JNI ( the Java VM C API ) would not be supported .
It 's also worth mentioning that this is really a user - driven venture .
If you are interested in a C extension API for JRuby , then you 'll need to help us get there .
Not only are we plenty busy with Java and Ruby support , we are also not extension authors ourselves .
Have a look at the repository , hop on the JRuby dev list , and we 'll start collaborating .
There 's a lot more coming for JRuby in 2010 .
We 're going to finally let you create " real " Java classes from Ruby code that you can compile against , serialize , annotate , and specify in configuration files .
We 're going to offer JRuby development support to help prioritize and accelerate bug fixes for commercial users that really need them .
We 're going to have a beautiful , simple deployment option in Engine Yard Cloud , with fire - and - forget for your JRuby - based applications ( including any non-Ruby libraries and code you might use like Java , Scala or Clojure ) .
And we 're going to finally publish a JRuby book , with all the walkthroughs , reference material , and troubleshooting tips you 'll need to adopt JRuby today .
It 's going to be a great year ... and a lot of fun .
WASHINGTON 
It was the pinnacle moment of his political career .
The Senate majority leader , Harry Reid of Nevada , on the verge of making history by shepherding through far - reaching health care legislation , was called upon by the clerk to cast his vote .
And Mr. Reid , who had fought tirelessly for months to get the health care bill adopted , looked up from his desk and said , “ No . ”
For a millisecond there was confusion in the chamber .
Had he lost it ?
Was he joking ?
Within half a second , Mr. Reid had switched his vote to “ yes . ”
After 25 straight days of bitter , partisan debate , senators on both sides of the aisle burst out laughing .
“ To be honest , I ’d like to say I was trying to be funny or create some bipartisanship , ” Mr. Reid said later in his office , where he slumped , exhausted into a leather armchair after the vote and a quick news conference .
“ But I was just in dreamland , thinking about where we had come . ”
DETROIT -- Johan Franzen ( torn ACL on Oct. 8 ) has practiced with the Detroit Red Wings for several days and said he feels " pretty good . "
" I push more and more every time I 'm out there , so I 'm going to try to do more and more in practice , try to be in more drills , " Franzen said .
" Still no battles or anything like that .
I 'm pretty comfortable with starts and stops . "
Franzen said he has no target date for his return but did n't rule out the possibility of coming back before the Olympic break ( Feb. 15 - 28 ) .
Asked if he is hoping to be added to the Swedish Olympic team as an injury replacement , Franzen said , " It does n't really matter .
I do n't have a spot .
I think we 'll know soon enough . "
Lidstrom not focused on future
Defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom , who told general manager Ken Holland that he wo n't decide on his future until after the season , said , " It 's on the back burner .
I 'm not thinking about it now .
We have more important things to think about than my contract . "
Babcock said he thinks Lidstrom 's decision will hinge on the strength of the team .
" If the team 's good , we got a way better chance that he 'll continue to play , " Babcock said .
" If the team 's not good , we do n't have any chance he 'll continue to play .
That 's just my thoughts .
No one 's told me that . "
Kronwall to have ultrasound
Defenseman Niklas Kronwall has n't skated since Dec. 20 and hopes to learn more about the condition of his sprained left MCL after his ultrasound Tuesday .
" I 'm hoping to get some answers within these next few days and go from there , " Kronwall said .
He does not think his setback is because of over - exertion .
" I do n't think it 's about pushing too hard at all , " Kronwall said .
" There 's certain things that do n't feel right .
We 've been trying to take things slow and not do too much .
For some reason , we have n't been able to figure out exactly what it is . "
Ericsson , Holmstrom target return dates
Defenseman Jonathan Ericsson ( bone bruise in left knee on Dec. 14 ) is hoping to return on Thursday .
" It 's getting better every day , not huge improvements , but a little better , '' Ericsson said .
" I do n't think we want to take any big risk .
I 'm a little limited .
I can't really do an extra little push , small things , quick movement , reaction - type things . ''
Tomas Holmstrom ( fractured foot ) hopes to return Jan. 26 or 27 as he lamented the irony of his injury sustained after practice on Jan.
6 .
" I 'm been tipping pucks for 14 years , 150 pucks after each practice , sometimes you get hit and bruised , but nothing broken , '' Holmstrom said .
The BBC has been forced to apologise after 200 viewers complained about a hidden camera show in which women train their husbands like dogs .
BBC2's Bring Your Husband to Heel features dog trainer Annie Clayton using traditional dog- training techniques to improve husbands ' behaviour .
The show , based around the premise that men share 85 % of their DNA with dogs , uses hidden cameras to film the men , who think they are taking part in a documentary about relationship roles .
Dozens of viewers complained on the BBC's Points of View website , branding it " sexist , offensive and degrading " .
" I am utterly appalled by this programme , " said Paul Hayman .
" I can take a joke like anyone else but dedicating a programme to assisting wives to train their husbands like dogs is outrageous . "
Other viewers branded the show " grossly insulting " and " scandalous drivel " .
" If this had been a woman that was trained as a dog , the programme would not have aired , " said another complainant .
" The entire tone of the programme was demeaning to men , and while the producers may argue that it was tongue in cheek , it was way over the line .
I was left incredulous that the BBC would show such a thing . "
The show , which began on BBC2 last week , was described by the BBC as a " bit of fun " .
An advert looking for women to take part asked : " Does your husband drive you mad ?
Does his attitude need re-training ?
Is it time to teach the old dog new tricks ? "
The first programme featured volunteer Margaret Elliott and her unsuspecting husband of 37 years , John .
It ended with Margaret declaring that her husband was now a " good boy " , and Clayton giving her a " rosette for bringing her husband to heel " .
But the London Evening Standard TV critic , Victor Lewis - Smith , said John " looked so thoroughly emasculated by the two women that they might as well have taken him to the vet to be ' done ' " .
The BBC said in a statement today : " There was never an intention to cause offence .
But we recognise that some viewers have felt the programme to be inappropriate and we are sorry if any upset has been caused .
" Bring Your Husband to Heel plays on the longstanding stereotype of wives nagging husbands about their failings and attempts to explore in a humorous way whether it is possible to find solutions to the stalemate using a different and unique method of instruction .
The nature of the programme was clearly signposted . "
But the Guardian TV critic , Nancy Banks - Smith , said the show , produced by Talkback , was a " real stinker - I am embarrassed for the dogs involved " .
Another critic wrote : " Disappointingly , this is n't a spoof , rather another week , another TV nanny helping us to lead sunnier , sparkier domestic lives .
This one really takes the biscuit . "
A BBC spokesman said : " The thing to remember about this programme is it 's a bit of fun and there is room for a bit of fun in the BBC2 schedule .
" It is part of a rich and varied schedule which runs the whole gamut from comedy to investigative journalism to hard - hitting documentaries .
" It is pure entertainment , a fun show with a provocative title which I am sure a lot of people picked up on .
Well over a million people enjoyed it . "
The BBC apology comes a fortnight after Michael Buerk , the former BBC newsreader , stirred up a storm of controversy in the media when he said modern men had been reduced to little more than sperm donors .
" Life is now being lived according to women 's rules " , he told the Radio Times .
" The traits that have traditionally been associated with men - reticence , stoicism , single - mindedness - have been marginalised .
" The result is that men are becoming more like women .
Look at the men who are being held up as sporting icons - David Beckham and , God forbid , Tim Henman .
What are men left with ? "
· To contact the MediaGuardian newsdesk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 7239 9857
· If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
It currently awards points to each child .
This includes attendance at weekly Sunday mass over the last three years , proof they were baptised before their first birthday , evidence they made their first confession and Holy Communion before they were nine and that previous schools were also Catholic - a move the local diocese claimed " results in a form of social selection " .
Google responded to the devastating earthquake that hit Haiti earlier this week by working with satellite imagery company GeoEye to quickly make images of the destruction available in Google Earth and Google Maps .
The images were taken at approximately 10:27 a.m.
Eastern time on Wednesday , and could prove to be a helpful tool for aid organizations attempting to survey and assess the damage to Haiti 's infrastructure .
( Click on any of the images in the story to see a larger version ; all show satellite images of areas in Haiti before and after the earthquake hit . )
To view the images you can either download the KML file to add an image layer to Google Earth or you can use the Google Earth browser plug - in to view the images on Google Maps .
Google says it will automatically update the Haiti layer as more data and images become available , but Google Earth users only need to download the KML file once .
Google has been working to develop a better map of Haiti through its crowd sourced Map Maker application ever since the country was hit by hurricanes Gustav and Ike last fall .
Map Maker encourages users to enhance Google Maps by adding street names , points of interests , and editing driving directions for Google 's satellite image - based maps .
In a blog post on Wednesday , Google said it had made all of its raw Map Maker data about Haiti available to the United Nations to aid in relief efforts .
The best way to understand the devastation is to compare before and after images by switching the Haitian layer on and off .
The complete scope of the devastation to hit the tiny nation , which shares the island of Hispaniola with the Dominican Republic , is still unknown , but many fear the death toll will reach at least 100,000 .
If you are planning to make a donation to Haitian relief efforts , be advised the FBI is warning users to watch out for bogus charities , and security firm Symantec has noted that e-mail scams pleading for assistance have begun to surface .
Connect with Ian on Twitter ( @ianpaul ) .
I 've recently become quite an expert on Modern Warfare 2 multiplayer .
I have perfected the ability to spawn directly in the middle of air strikes .
I can trigger claymores with my face from miles away .
My head has gradually transformed into a powerful magnet , capable of pulling in and absorbing any sniper shot fired in any direction on any server .
By examining my perpetual cycle of failure , I have devised the following flawless Modern Warfare 2 tips and tricks to ensure victory .
Feel free to thank me by transferring all your Microsoft points to " Lowtaxico " on Xbox Live .
Preparing Yourself for Battle
Ignore every stat except ' damage . '
None of them matter .
Upon entering the game lobby , immediately vote to skip the current map .
It does n't matter what it is ; vote to skip it .
If you skip 5,000 maps , then you can unlock an achievement awarding you 5,000 points and the ability to ejaculate solid gold .
Vote against each and every map that appears .
The ideal battlefield is a featureless white void populated with only ballot boxes .
Exploding ballot boxes .
There are many different guns to choose from , each with its own unique stats , traits , and techniques .
Ignore all that crap and simply select the largest one you can find .
Bigger gun = bigger bullets = more points .
Why bother mastering any weapon besides the L86 LSW and the Intervention ?
It 's pointless since nothing can do more damage than those two , and therefore everything else is inferior .
Well , except for the knife .
And those red barrels full of mysterious exploding atoms .
And falling more than three feet .
No matter what weapon you decide on , make absolutely certain it is not the riot shield .
This is one of the most powerful , cheap weapons in Modern Warfare 2 , and if you select it , all the other players will grow jealous of your superb weapon - choosing skills .
Video game experts have conclusively proven it 's physically impossible for a soldier armed with a riot shield to ever die .
Just think about the concept : this is a weapon that protects its user from certain death .
Equipping it grants nothing short of immortality !
If a player armed with a riot shield crouches directly in front of you , you will never , ever be able to kill them no matter how many times you sit in one location and shoot them head - on .
Sure , I suppose it 's technically possible to defeat them by moving slightly to the right or left , but if Infinity Ward wanted people to do something outrageous like that , they would 've named the game " Modern Walk to the Side of Some Guy . "
Always choose the underbarrel grenade launcher .
It instantly transforms any weapon into a sniper rifle ... an exploding sniper rifle !
This attachment is especially useful in close quarters combat ; it 's like getting hit in the face by a can of peas ... an exploding can of peas !
Throughout your multiplayer progression , you will unlock emblems , callsigns , and the ability to add a clan tag to your name .
You should spend hours carefully examining each option until you are able to determine the most effective combination to demonstrate your love for marijuana .
For example , the " joint ops " emblem is great because the word " joint " is slang for " marijuana ! "
Ha ha !
Do you get it ?
Do you understand ?
This is all really complex and intellectual shit here , but just hang with me for a bit .
You 're insinuating that you really enjoy drugs !
You 're an Xbox Live outlaw and you ain't afraid of the 5 - 0 or your lame dad busting in and finding that seven - month old roach clip you hid in that box of Pocky !
You are cool !
Internet cool !
Your clan tag is even more flexible , allowing you the ability to brainstorm revolutionary creations such as " [ wEEd ] " or " [ HigH ] . "
The ideal combination would resemble something like the following example :
Please note the randomly capitalized letters and number substitutes , both of which prove to the world that your contempt for the police is matched only by your contempt for proper grammar and spelling .
These images represent you as a person , and nothing can communicate how awesome and unique you are quite like advertising your drug habits in a game about shooting people in the face .
That 's why I joined clan [ COCK ] .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Early Americana is remembered in part for its legacy of homesteading and family farming where families grew their own fruits and vegetables , raised their own animals for food , and traded their goods locally with neighbors .
Today 's American landscape has changed dramatically ; a mere one to two percent of all consumed food is locally grown and over 90 percent of it has been processed .
Experts believe that the modern food system has led to the obesity epidemic , noting that a shift back to locally - grown food would remedy the problem .
Researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) collected data from a myriad of sources to help them analyze the obesity problem and its causes .
They concluded that the large - scale food system of today has resulted in a glut of readily - available , highly - processed foods that are rich in refined flours , sugars , and fats , and devoid of necessary nutrients , vitamins , and minerals .
Fresh produce , meats , and other whole foods often travel long distances from farm to market , often coming from other continents .
When processing is involved , food travels even further as commodities are shipped in from around the globe , processed , shipped out to distribution centers , and distributed to local retailers .
The total distance a single processed item 's ingredients have traveled is mind - boggling .
Yet due to highly subsidized base crops like wheat , corn , and soy , a great majority of processed food ingredients can still be obtained inexpensively , despite all their travel , and sold for less than whole , healthier foods .
Processed foods also have a much longer shelf life and usually do n't require refrigeration , making them cheaper to store and market .
The MIT team is advocating for integrated , regional foodsheds that they believe would make healthier fare more readily available .
One idea includes encouraging the conversion of urban and suburban yards and lawns into small - scale farms .
Lawn maintenance actually costs more than maintaining a small garden plot , making the idea highly plausible .
Another excellent idea includes creating " food terminals " in which grocery stores are combined with local greenhouses and farmers markets to cooperatively sell local goods .
Researchers admit that not everything can be grown and sold locally all the time , including those items that only grow in certain regions , but they support working towards growing as much as possible locally .
They also hope that city planners and other regional architects will work to create infrastructures that facilitate local and regional farms that are easily accessible by residents .
Sources : Ethan
Huff is a freelance writer and health enthusiast who loves exploring the vast world of natural foods and health , digging deep to get to the truth .
He runs an online health publication of his own at http://wholesomeherald.blogspot.com
January 25 , 2010 - TF2 Team
In the latest update , we 've finally fixed the Double Crouch Jump buga longstanding issue involving Scout not being able to double crouch jump without looking like his legs are made of raw bacon strips held up in a wind tunnel :
Throughout Team Fortress 2's years - long release and update cycle , many people have asked us , " Seriously , how could you guys not have fixed that yet ? "
The majority of these queries are directed to TF2 animator Matthew Russell , who is technically responsible for fixing this kind of thing , and most of them pull no punches .
" Is it because Matthew Russell is too stupid to fix it ?
Why would Valve even hire someone with a horseshoe - shaped divot in their skull ? " is an email we see a lot .
" Does Matthew Russell have a disease that makes him lazy ? " is another popular one .
An astonishing number of them are simply a .jpeg of Google Maps with Matt 's house ominously circled .
The rest could be summed up as a long , unbroken string of expletives and grammatically questionable racial slurs .
What a lot of people do n't know is that this " bug " is n't a bug at all , but rather an embarrassing result of the degenerative leg disease our motion capture actor , Del Bluskin , has bravely endured for over a decade now , which has turned the lower half of his skeleton into something that looks like two raw bacon strips held up in a wind tunnel .
To be honest , Del 's been a part of the Valve family for so long , we just did n't have the heart to fire him simply because his ailment had rendered him grossly incompetent at his own job .
To be even more honest , we did n't have the heart to engage in a long verbal sparring match with Valve 's legal team , who told us that under no circumstances could we fire Del .
Luckily , things have a funny way of working themselves out for the best .
Del was hit by a bus this morning , and our new mocap guy , Phil , is a sharp , enthusiastic go - getter with a functioning skeleton .
Jump forward an hour , and here we are with an upgrade that finally addresses the Double Crouch Jump bug that has long plagued the Scout - playing faithful .
Enjoy , and in the words of animator Matthew Russell , " Anyone wants me , I 'm gonna snag a couple z's in the server room .
If Newell asks , one of my kids has chicken pox again . "
In non-crazy - legs - related news , our friends at TF2 maps .
net have just finished up their Swamp Theme expansion .
Head on over and download it today .
Technology is one of the most critical aspects of your business operations , but also one of the least understood .
Information is of equal importance but often gets neglected when it comes to security and available resources .
With CMIT as your trusted Central Florida technology solutions partner , we bring your business ’s IT together through masterful management and maintenance .
How we help your business transform :
Enterprise - class MSP solutions made for small business affordability
Expertly customized IT solutions to fit your needs
Increase productivity through 24/7 downtime prevention
Incredibly fast up - time following natural disasters with reliable backup recovery
No interruptions through professional - grade cybersecurity protection
Seamlessly expand the reach of your business with an Orlando IT company that grows with you
Best of all , we ’re a local Orlando IT company with a nationally extensive reach .
We combine personalized local IT service with the technical resources of a national firm to deliver you enterprise - class solutions at prices that small and medium - sized businesses can afford .
About Our Company >
AGO is the lead geospatial and imagery intelligence organisation in Defence .
Its purpose is to provide geospatial intelligence from imagery and other sources in support of Australia 's defence and national interests .
read more about AGO
Curtis Bell , Senior Scientist Emeritus at Oregon Health and Science University , has recently circulated a document which he is promoting as a “ Pledge by Neuroscientists to Refuse to Participate in the Application of Neuroscience to Violations of Basic Human Rights or International Law . ”
The full pledge is reproduced below , and can be accessed here .
While individuals may wish to sign the pledge , what we view as most important is to develop a conversation regarding the merits of what Curtis has suggested .
Specifically , while many responsible neuroscientists may agree with the overall sentiment , they may not agree with all aspects of the pledge as written .
Whether you agree or not , this issue merits feedback from members of the neuroscience community in general and the neuroethics community in particular .
Pledge by Neuroscientists to Refuse to Participate in the Application of Neuroscience to Violations of Basic Human Rights or International Law .
We are Neuroscientists who desire that our work be used to enhance human life rather than to diminish it .
We are concerned with the possible use of Neuroscience for purposes that violate fundamental human rights and international law .
We seek to create a culture within the field of Neuroscience in which contributions to such uses are unacceptable .
Thus , we oppose the application of Neuroscience to torture and other forms of coercive interrogation or manipulation that violate human rights and personhood .
Such applications could include drugs that cause excessive pain , anxiety , or trust , and manipulations such as brain stimulation or inactivation .
Thus , we also oppose the application of Neuroscience to aggressive war .
Aggressive war is illegal under international law , where it is defined as a war that is not in self defense .
A government which engages in aggressive wars should not be provided with tools to engage more effectively in such wars .
Neuroscience can and does provide such tools .
Examples include drugs which enhance the effectiveness of soldiers on one side , drugs which damage the effectiveness of soldiers on the other side , and robots that move , perceive , and kill .
As Neuroscientists we therefore pledge :
a) To make ourselves aware of the potential applications of our own work and that of others to applications that violate basic human rights or international law such as torture and aggressive war .
b ) To refuse to knowingly participate in the application of Neuroscience to violations of basic human rights or international law .
Gibbs Lashes Back At Dean , Suggests He 's Irrational
On Wednesday , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs strongly hit back at former DNC Chairman Howard Dean for criticizing the Senate health care bill , suggesting , at one point , that Dean was being irrational and did n't understand the contents of the legislation .
Read more
$ 75 and a Bus Ticket
Donald Gates spent the last 28 years in prison , convicted of a rape and murder he said he did n't commit .
Yesterday , he was released from jail by the same judge who originally sentenced him to 20 years to life , as new DNA evidence pointed to a different man .
Gates is now 58 years old , and for his three lost decades the government gave him some winter clothes , $ 75 , and a bus ticket to Ohio .
He had to pay his $ 35 cab fare to get from jail to the bus station .
More ...
Read more
Senate Health Care Legislation : Making Your Insurance Worse – By Design
The sole defense of this massive corporate giveaway , formally known as the Senate health care reform bill , is that it would still do some “ good , ” helping millions of the uninsured .
Unfortunately , the bill would dramatically worsen the quality of current insurance coverage for tens of millions Americans , thanks to the new excise tax on insurance plans .
For complete story , visit FireDogLake
Read more
Uniform Dissent
News from the vast and diverse world of military bloggers , many of whom have chosen to go silent today in solidarity with C.J. Grisham of A Soldier 's Perspective , whose blunt take on issues including PTSD have irked military higher - ups .
In the name of free online speech , blogs from This Ain't Hell to Drunken Wisdom to You Served to Knee Deep in the Hooah !
have temporarily shut down .
More here .
Read more
Asian capitalism , notably China and South Korea are competing with the US for global power .
Asian global power is driven by dynamic economic growth , while the US pursues a strategy of military - driven empire building .
One Day ’s Read of the Financial Times
Even a cursory read of a single issue of the Financial Times ( December 28 , 2009 ) illustrates the divergent strategies toward empire building .
On page one , the lead article on the US is on its expanding military conflicts and its ‘ war on terror ’ , entitled “ Obama Demands Review of Terror List . ”
In contrast , there are two page - one articles on China , which describe China ’s launching of the world ’s fastest long - distance passenger train service and China ’s decision to maintain its currency pegged to the US dollar as a mechanism to promote its robust export sector .
While Obama turns the US focus on a fourth battle front ( Yemen ) in the ‘ war on terror ’ ( after Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan ) , the Financial Times reports on the same page that a South Korean consortium has won a $ 20.4 billion dollar contract to develop civilian nuclear power plants for the United Arab Emirates , beating its US and European competitors .
On page two of the FT there is a longer article elaborating on the new Chinese rail system , highlighting its superiority over the US rail service :
The Chinese ultra-modern train takes passengers between two major cities , 1,100 kilometers , in less than 3 hours whereas the US Amtrack ‘ Express ’ takes 3 ½ hours to cover 300 kilometers between Boston and New York .
While the US passenger rail system deteriorates from lack of investment and maintenance , China has spent $ 17 billion dollars constructing its express line .
China plans to construct 18,000 kilometers of new track for its ultra-modern system by 2012 , while the US will spend an equivalent amount in financing its ‘ military surge ’ in Afghanistan and Pakistan , as well as opening a new war front in Yemen .
China builds a transport system linking producers and labor markets from the interior provinces with the manufacturing centers and ports on the coast , while on page 4 the Financial Times describes how the US is welded to its policy of confronting the ‘ Islamist threat ’ with an endless ‘ war on terror . ’
The decades - long wars and occupations of Moslem countries have diverted hundreds of billions of dollars of public funds to a militarist policy with no benefit to the US , while China modernizes its civilian economy .
While the White House and Congress subsidize and pander to the militarist - colonial state of Israel with its insignificant resource base and market , alienating 1.5 billion Moslems , China ’s gross domestic product ( GDP ) grew 10 fold over the past 26 years .
While the US allocated over $ 1.4 trillion dollars to Wall Street and the military , increasing the fiscal and current account deficits , doubling unemployment and perpetuating the recession , the Chinese government releases a stimulus package directed at its domestic manufacturing and construction sectors , leading to an 8 % growth in GDP , a significant reduction of unemployment and ‘ re - igniting linked economies ’ in Asia , Latin America and Africa .
While the US was spending time , resources and personnel in running ‘ elections ’ for its corrupt clients in Afghanistan and Iraq , and participating in pointless mediations between its intransigent Israeli partner and its impotent Palestinian client , the South Korean government backed a consortium headed by the Korea Electric Power Corporation in its successful bid on the $ 20.4 billion dollar nuclear power deal , opening the way for other billion - dollar contracts in the region .
While the US was spending over $ 60 billion dollars on internal policing and multiplying the number and size of its ‘ homeland ’ security agencies in pursuit of potential ‘ terrorists , ’ China was investing $ 25 billion dollars in ‘ cementing its energy trading relations ’ with Russia .
The story told by the articles and headlines in a single day ’s issue of the Financial Times reflects a deeper reality , one that illustrates the great divide in the world today .
The Asian countries , led by China , are reaching world power status on the basis of their massive domestic and foreign investments in manufacturing , transportation , technology and mining and mineral processing .
In contrast , the US is a declining world power with a deteriorating society resulting from its military - driven empire building and its financial - speculative centered economy :
1. Washington pursues minor military clients in Asia ; while China expands its trading and investment agreements with major economic partners – Russia , Japan , South Korea and elsewhere .
2. Washington drains the domestic economy to finance overseas wars .
China extracts minerals and energy resources to create its domestic job market in manufacturing .
3 . The US invests in military technology to target local insurgents challenging US client regimes ; China invests in civilian technology to create competitive exports .
4. China begins to restructure its economy toward developing the country ’s interior and allocates greater social spending to redress its gross imbalances and inequalities while the US rescues and reinforces the parasitical financial sector , which plundered industries ( strips assets via mergers and acquisitions ) and speculates on financial objectives with no impact on employment , productivity or competitiveness .
5 . The US multiplies wars and troop build - ups in the Middle East , South Asia , the Horn of Africa and Caribbean ; China provides investments and loans of over $ 25 billion dollars in building infrastructure , mineral extraction , energy production and assembly plants in Africa .
6. China signs multi-billion dollar trade and investment agreements with Iran , Venezuela , Brazil , Argentina , Chile , Peru and Bolivia , securing access to strategic energy , mineral and agricultural resources ; Washington provides $ 6 billion in military aid to Colombia , secures seven military bases from President Uribe ( to threaten Venezuela ) , backs a military coup in tiny Honduras and denounces Brazil and Bolivia for diversifying its economic ties with Iran .
7. China increases economic relations with dynamic Latin American economies , incorporating over 80 % of the continent ’s population ; the US partners with the failed state of Mexico , which has the worst economic performance in the hemisphere and where powerful drug cartels control wide regions and penetrate deep into the state apparatus .
Conclusion
China is not an exceptional capitalist country .
Under Chinese capitalism , labor is exploited ; inequalities in wealth and access to services are rampant ; peasant - farmers are displaced by mega - dam projects and Chinese companies recklessly extract minerals and other natural resources in the Third World .
However , China has created scores of millions of manufacturing jobs , reduced poverty faster and for more people in the shortest time span in history .
Its banks mostly finance production .
China does n’t bomb , invade , or ravage other countries .
In contrast , US capitalism has been harnessed to a monstrous global military machine that drains the domestic economy and lowers the domestic standard of living in order to fund its never - ending foreign wars .
Finance , real estate , and commercial capital undermine the manufacturing sector , drawing profits from speculation and cheap imports .
China invests in petroleum - rich countries ; the US attacks them .
China sells plates and bowls for Afghan wedding feasts ; US drone aircraft bomb the celebrations .
China invests in extractive industries , but , unlike European colonialists , it builds railroads , ports , airfields and provides easy credit .
China does not finance and arm ethnic wars and ‘ color rebellions ’ like the US CIA .
China self - finances its own growth , trade and transportation system ; the US sinks under a multi-trillion dollar debt to finance its endless wars , bail out its Wall Street banks , and prop up other non-productive sectors while many millions remain without jobs .
China will grow and exercise power through the market ; the US will engage in endless wars on its road to bankruptcy and internal decay .
China ’s diversified growth is linked to dynamic economic partners ; US militarism has tied itself to narco - states , warlord regimes , the overseers of banana republics and the last and worst bona fide racist colonial regime , Israel .
China entices the world ’s consumers .
US global wars provoke terrorists here and abroad .
China may encounter crises and even workers rebellions , but it has the economic resources to accommodate them .
The US is in crisis and may face domestic rebellion , but it has depleted its credit and its factories are all abroad and its overseas bases and military installations are liabilities , not assets .
There are fewer factories in the US to re-employ its desperate workers .
A social upheaval could see the American workers occupying the empty shells of its former factories .
To become a ‘ normal state ’ we have to start all over : Close all investment banks and military bases abroad and return to America .
We have to begin the long march toward rebuilding industry to serve our domestic needs , to living within our own natural environment and forsake empire building in favor of constructing a democratic socialist republic .
When will we pick up the Financial Times or any other daily and read about our own high - speed rail line carrying American passengers from New York to Boston in less than one hour ?
When will our own factories supply our hardware stores ?
When will we build wind , solar and ocean - based energy generators ?
When will we abandon our military bases and let the world ’s warlords , drug traffickers and terrorists face the justice of their own people ?
Will we ever read about these in the Financial Times ?
In China , it all started with a revolution …
From Conservapedia
Christmas Eve 1862 .
Christmas was rejected by the Puritans , but it became a national holiday as a result of the Civil War .
Christmas is a holiday on December 25 which celebrates the birth of Jesus .
The word " Christmas " comes from " Christ 's mass . "
A few churches , including the Russian and Ukrainian churches , still celebrate according to the Julian calendar .
December 25 on the Julian calendar corresponds to January 7 on the Gregorian calendar .
The Bible does not give a date for the birth of Jesus .
The holiday is exactly nine months following Annunciation on March 25 .
On the Roman calendar , March 25 was marked as the spring equinox while December 25 was considered the date of the winter solstice .
Christmas is often connected to pagan festivals such as Yule , especially by those who oppose Christian traditions .
However , the symbolism of a solstice date appealed to the Church Fathers for reasons unrelated to the various pagan festivals that were celebrated at this time of year .
In Western countries , during the Advent of Christmas season , and before the arrival of Christmas Day , people in anticipatory celebration generally hang up colored lights , place a Christmas tree ( typically an evergreen conifer tree ) in their house , sing carols , and exchange gifts .
Gift - giving commemorates the gifts given to the Christ child by the magi and is symbolic of the fact that Jesus came as gift to mankind from God .
Most towns and cities do this on an elaborate scale in public places , putting a large tree in the public square , and hanging large arrangements of lights with Christmas themed designs over the streets weeks before Christmas Day , removing the tree within a few days or the week following Christmas Day and safely discarding it , often leaving the other forms of public decoration and display in place for weeks afterward , even to the end of January .
History
The Holy Virgin with her Child
Biblical basis
The story of the birth of Christ is told in the opening chapters of the Gospel of Luke and the Gospel of Matthew .
Each contains different elements of the Christmas story .
The visit of the Archangel to the shepherds and the birth of Jesus in a manger are from Luke .
The story of the Star of Bethlehem and the visit from the magi bringing gifts of " gold , and frankincense and myrrh " are from Matthew .
Early Christians had a great deal of interest in establishing the date of the birth of Jesus .
But no evidence could be found in the gospels .
According to historian Steven Hijmans :
“ Clement of Alexandria [ c. 150 – 215 ] , for instances mentions ( and dismisses ) proposals that Christ was born on April 19 or May 20 and himself calculated the date as November 17 , 3 BC .
Other suggested dates included March 28 and April 2 , but not December 25 .
None of these dates were influential , or enjoyed any official recognition . [ 1 ] ”
The solstice and the calendar
On the Roman calendar , December 25 was the date of the winter solstice , called bruma in Latin . [ 2 ]
The Julian Calendar was designed by Sosigenes of Alexandria and introduced to Rome by Julius Caesar in 45 BC .
Sosigenes intended March 25 to be the date of the equinox .
The Julian calendar has a leap year , or additional day , every four years , and thus a year of 365.25 days .
The astronomical solar year is 365.242 days , so the equinoxes and solstices " drift " by almost a day each century .
The Gregorian calendar , instituted in 1582 , attempted to reestablish the calendar alignment as it was at the time of the Council of Nicaea in 325 .
By modern calculations , the equinox is on March 21 or 22 and the solstice is December 21 or 22 .
Sextus Julius Africanus
In 221 , Sextus Julius Africanus wrote a universal history that gave the spring equinox not only as the first day of Creation , but also as the date of incarnation .
[ 3 ]
On the Roman calendar , the equinox was March 25 , now celebrated as Annunciation .
From this , it can be calculated that Jesus was born in December , nine months later . [ 4 ]
Solar symbolism was common among Christian writers of the time .
[ 5 ]
This symbolism was justified by the identification of Jesus as the " sun of righteousness " mentioned by the prophet Malachi . [ 6 ]
Augustine
In the late fourth century , Augustine explained why it was appropriate to celebrate on the solstice date :
“ Hence it is that He was born on the day which is the shortest in our earthly reckoning and from which subsequent days begin to increase in length .
He , therefore , who bent low and lifted us up chose the shortest day , yet the one whence light begins to increase . [ 7 ] ”
Isaac Newton
Although Englishman Isaac Newton is best - known for his scientific work , he also wrote extensively on religious subjects .
Like Augustine , Newton connected the date of Christmas to the solstice :
“ The times of the Birth and Passion of Christ , with such like niceties , being not material to religion , were little regarded by the Christians of the first age .
They who began first to celebrate them , placed them in the cardinal periods of the year ; as the annunciation of the Virgin Mary , on the 25th of March , which when Julius Cæsar corrected the Calendar was the vernal Equinox ; the feast of John Baptist on the 24th of June , which was the summer Solstice ; the feast of St. Michael on Sept. 29 , which was the autumnal Equinox ; and the birth of Christ on the winter Solstice , Decemb . 25 . [ 8 ] ”
Introduction of the feast
Nativity celebration must have arisen sometime after 300 as earlier writers were not aware of it . [ 9 ]
The Chronography of 354 records that a Christmas celebration took place in Rome in 336 . [ 10 ]
The creation of the feast may be a response to the Trinitarian controversy that was raging at the time .
It was introduced to the Eastern Roman Empire after the death of Emperor Valens , who favored the Arian heresy , in 378 .
Christmas has a unique three - mass liturgy that gives a priest three opportunities to inveigh against heretics .
Once Arianism died out , the status of Christmas declined .
Middle Ages
In the Early Middle Ages , Christmas was overshadowed by Epiphany ( January 6 ) .
The holiday regained prominence in the time of Charlemagne , who was crowned as emperor on December 25 , 800 .
Reformation
With the Reformation , Christmas fell into disrepute .
It was banned under Cromwell .
In the early 19th century , the Oxford Movement led a revival of the holiday .
Many of the customs we have come to associate with Christmas developed in Victorian England , notably the Christmas tree , which originated in Germany and was introduced in England by Prince Albert .
The concept of Christmas as a family - centered celebration and a time of generosity , good will , and friendliness to neighbors , was popularized by Charles Dickens in A Christmas Carol .
Post - Reformation
In the United States , the image of Santa Claus ( i.e. Saint Nicholas ) and his reindeer has been shaped by Clement Moore 's poem , " A Visit from Saint Nicholas " ( with the famous opening line " ' Twas the night before Christmas . " )
Christmas was declared a national holiday by President Ulysses S. Grant in 1870 .
In other countries , the depiction of Santa vary widely .
For instance , in The Netherlands , Santa Claus is shown in a bishop 's miter .
In some countries , Saint Nicholas is not associated with the holiday at all ; for example , in Spain it is the magi who bring gifts to children , and in Hawaii it is the jolly native Kamaunamauna .
However , the tradition of Christmas gift - giving is prevalent in all cultures .
In the United States , during the twentieth century , gift - giving assumed a greater and greater role , and by mid-century had become of great commercial importance , to the point where some felt the religious aspects were becoming forgotten .
As Stan Freberg put it [ 11 ] in 1958 , " There are two S's in Christmas and they 're both dollar signs . "
The single week before Christmas currently accounts for 25 percent to 30 percent of all retail sales .
Relationship to pagan festivals
That pagans and Christians both celebrated on the date of the solstice should not be understand to mean that Christmas is derived from a pagan holiday .
The cycle of solstice and equinox is a natural phenomena significant to religions of widely varying character .
As Hijmans writes :
“ It is cosmic symbolism ... which inspired the Church leadership in Rome to elect the winter solstice , December 25 , as the birthday of Christ , and the summer solstice [ June 24 ] as that of John the Baptist , supplemented by the equinoxes as their respective dates of conception .
While they were aware that pagans called this day the “ birthday ” of Sol Invictus , this did not concern them and it did not play any role in their choice of date for Christmas . [ 12 ] ”
Sol Invictus
In an essay published in 1889 , German scholar Hermann Usener argued that Christmas is an " appropriation " of an earlier pagan festival . [ 13 ]
According to Usener , the Church placed Christmas on December 25 as a kind of marketing strategy to absorb the pagan solstice festival Dies Natalis Sol Invicti into Christianity .
Although Usener 's theory has become quite widespread , Hijmans counters that fourth century homilies concerning the birth of Jesus routinely refer to the solstices and equinoxes , but rarely to pagan feasts .
Hijmans examined a homily that Usener quoted to support his pagan origin theory and found that it fits better with a solstice origin . [ 14 ]
The homily not only connects the birth of Jesus to the winter solstice , it also placed the birthday of John the Baptist on the summer solstice .
Usener cites this homily for an aside that mentioned that December 25 is the birthday of Sol Invictus .
But this is done only to argue that the pagan festival is of no significance . [ 15 ]
Saturnalia and Kalends
The end of the year was a season of varied celebration in pagan Rome .
Saturnalia began on December 17 and lasted for three to five days .
It was followed by Dies Natalis Solis Invicti on December 25 and Kalends on January 1 to January 4 . Saturnalia was exclusive to Italy while Sol was a sun god associated with emperors Aurelian and Constantine .
Both Saturnalia and Sol Invictus were overshadowed by Kalends , a new year celebration .
While there is no trace of either Saturalia or Sol Invictus persisting into Christian times , various churchmen noted how difficult it was to suppress Kalends . [ 16 ]
The Roman end - of - year celebrations transferred to Epiphany in the Early Middle Ages and later to the Twelve Days of Christmas .
Yule
The connection between Christmas and Yule , a Scandinavian pagan holiday , is often misunderstand .
Writing in the eighth century , Bede did not know Yule as a holiday .
He refers to it only as a month of the Anglo - Saxon calendar . [ 17 ]
Christmas was popularized by Charlemagne 's coronation in 800 .
As Yule did not appear as a festival until later , it was likely created in response to Christmas .
When the Christian calendar was introduced to Scandinavia , King Haakon I ( r. 934–961 ) of Norway assigned Yule to December 25 to correspond with the date of Christmas , according to a saga by Snorri Sturluson .
“ [ Haakon ] made a law that the festival of Yule should begin at the same time Christian people held it , and that every man , under penalty , should brew a meal of malt and ale , and therewith keep the Yule holy as long as it lasted . [ 18 ] ”
Modern - day cultural significance
See also : War on Christmas and Atheism and Christmas
The tension between religious and secularized Christmas has waxed and waned periodically over the years .
The pendulum swung toward secularization in the middle of the twentieth century .
One marker was the emergence of songs like I 'll Be Home For Christmas ( 1943 ) , The Christmas Song , ( 1946 ) , and Silver Bells ( 1951 ) , which have become a beloved part of Christmas in America despite their lack of any religious content .
Bing Crosby , a devout Catholic , initially was reluctant to sing the secular 1942 song White Christmas , which was to become his biggest hit . [ 19 ]
In recent years , the celebration of Christmas has become part of the " culture wars . "
Fox News analysts John Gibson and Bill O'Reilly claim that Christmas has come under attack by liberals .
Some Christian conservatives want an increased recognition of the religious core of the holiday , and want to maintain a separation between Christmas and other holidays occurring at the same time of year .
In Japan , Christmas is mostly a secular holiday , due to most of the population practicing Shinto as a religion .
However , due to a very successful marketing campaign [ 20 ] , it is customary to celebrate it by purchasing from KFC .
Rejection
Some Christian churches , sects , and communities reject the observance of Christmas for theological reasons .
Christian sects that do n't celebrate Christmas include Jehovah 's Witnesses ; [ 21 ]
Armstrongites ; [ 22 ] some adherents of Messianic Judaism ; [ 23 ] most Sabbatarian denominations , such as the True Jesus Church and the Church of God ( 7th - Day ) ; [ 24 ] the Iglesia ni Cristo ; [ 25 ] the Christian Congregation in Brazil ; the Christian Congregation in the United States ; certain reformed and fundamentalist churches of various persuasions , including some Independent Baptists , [ 26 ] Holiness Christians , Oneness Pentecostals , [ 27 ] Amish - Mennonites , and Churches of Christ congregations . [ 28 ] [ 29 ]
See also
A recent lawsuit brought by a group of Indiana National Guardsman spotlights a controversial legal doctrine that prevents soldiers on active duty from seeking compensation for injuries sustained in war zones .
The guardsman allege that a mission to help clean up a water treatment plant in southern Iraq left them with what they say are potentially fatal illnesses .
In ...
I wrote this list as a companion to the “ Top 10 Misconceptions about the Middle Ages ” list .
A few words on the criteria I used to put this list together .
First of all , the boundaries of the Middle Ages are a matter of some debate .
I define the period as being between the late 7th and the late 14th centuries , so I imagine there will be some comments protesting that .
For what it ’s worth , Classical Antiquity was slow to die , and the Renaissance was slow to develop , so naturally , there are some grey areas there .
I also anticipate comments asking why I said nothing about Gothic architecture , or troubadours , etc .
The reason for the omission is two - fold .
One , for as long as civilization existed , there was always art , so having its own distinctive art forms does not , in and of itself , make the Middle Ages unique .
Two , I did not want to include the REALLY obvious .
Rather , in making the list , I was guided in part by Umberto Eco ’s observation about his famous novel , “ The Name of the Rose “ , to the effect that readers identified certain ideas in the book as modern , while the were in fact medieval , and other ideas as medieval , while they were in fact modern .
And so I asked myself :
What things originating in the Middle Ages do we still see around us , every day , often taking them for granted and not realizing that they are medieval ?
Hence the list below .
10 Universities
Schools have existed since deep antiquity , but it was not until the Middle Ages that the University — an autonomous , self - governing community of students and scholars — emerged .
Excellent schools of higher learning which served as precursors to universities ( and later became true universities ) emerged in the Byzantine Empire and the Islamic world in the second half of the 9th century .
The first two institutions to actually call themselves by the Latin term “ universitas ” were the University of Bologna and the University of Paris , founded within a short time of each other in the late 11th century .
What set a university apart from institutions of higher learning that existed previously , was that a university existed not solely for the purpose of teaching , but also to facilitate research and debate ; and that its curriculum covered both religious and secular subjects .
Medieval European universities typically offered degrees in four disciplines : theology , law , medicine , and “ letters ” ( i.e. , liberal arts ) .
9 Banking
Although precursors to banking existed probably since before the invention of coinage , it was medieval ( and mostly Italian ) entrepreneurs who developed complex banking in the form that we would recognize today , as a system that can be readily distinguished from simple money - lending .
Medieval bankers invented such things as bills of exchange ( which eliminated the necessity of carrying actual coins over long distances ) , deposit banking ( very similar to modern savings accounts ) and bonds .
What we know today as government bonds was probably invented in Florence in the 14th century with the establishment of 2 public funds — the general Monte fund and the dowry fund — whose purpose was to finance public debt after the economic cataclysms in the wake of One Hundred Years ’
War .
In sum , the medieval banking system introduced many of the elements that became the organizational backbone of modern finance .
8 Carolingian Miniscule
Ancient and early medieval scripts , whether based on the Roman or Greek alphabet , were written in all - capital letters and in one continuous , unbroken stream of characters .
The Carolingian Miniscule , developed sometime in the 9th century , was an innovative script that introduced lower - case letters and spaces between words , as well as uniform , rounded characters that were more legible .
Although punctuation did not begin to be utilized extensively until the development of printing in the 15th century , the Carolingian Miniscule represented a giant leap towards making writing more “ user - friendly ” .
Most types of scripts and fonts we have today , that utilize the Roman alphabet , are derived from the Carolingian Miniscule .
7 Illustrated Books
There are some examples of book illustration from the Roman times , but they are rare .
It was in the Middle Ages that it became standard practice to supplement text with detailed illustrations .
Unlike earlier , ancient illustrations , which ( besides being very rare ) were in the nature of diagrams and representations of artwork or architectural detail that is difficult to express verbally , medieval illustrations introduced pictorial representations of scenes that were perfectly clear from the text : e.g. , a man walking , two people having a conversation , peasants harvesting grain , etc .
Long before the invention of the printing press , artists decorated manuscripts with vivid , elaborate , and occasionally allegorical artwork that is often of astounding quality and detail , and can be just as , if not more , intriguing than the text itself .
An historian will probably argue that illuminated manuscripts developed due to the problem of near - universal illiteracy in the early Middle Ages , to help people , whose reading skills were poor , to decipher the text and to enjoy it .
Whatever the reasons , these manuscripts are the forerunners of today ’s illustrated newspapers and magazines , textbooks , and even this website , which so heavily supplements text with images .
6 Romantic Love
Although they surely have evolved with time and social change , most of our romantic notions are ultimately derived from the medieval tradition of Courtly Love , which combined erotic desire with Platonic attachment and spiritual admiration .
This is not to say that today ’s garden - variety romance is in the nature of medieval Courtly Love — after all , the latter was secret , practiced between members of the nobility , usually adulterous in nature and rarely consummated physically .
But the core ideas of Courtly Love — those of love being exclusive and unique , something greater than sexual desire , and characterized by companionship and devotion — are certainly with us today , and quite different from the ancient notion of love , which was substantially limited to physical desire .
5 Chivalry
Again , as with romantic love , our notions of what it means to be chivalrous have evolved with time and social change .
And as with romantic love , the core medieval ideas about chivalry shape our attitudes today in significant ways .
Originating with the Moors of Al - Andalus ( Islamic Spain ) , the chivalric code of the Middle Ages dictated that a knight must not only be skillful on horseback and valiant in battle , but also just , courteous , well - mannered , compassionate and culturally sophisticated .
This was a major departure from the ideal of the brute warrior of antiquity .
It is the tradition of chivalry that shaped our notion of the Renaissance Man — although it would probably be more historically accurate to call that ideal the Medieval Man .
4 Corrective Eyewear
Abbas Ibn Firnas , an Andalucian polymath , invented the magnifying glass in the 9th century .
Salvino D’Armate , a Florentine , invented wearable eyeglasses towards the end of the 13th century .
The earliest spectacles differed from modern eyeglasses in that they did not have temple arms hooking behind the ears , and the lenses were only for hyperopia ( farsightedness ) .
Lenses for myopia ( nearsightedness ) were invented in the 15th century .
3 Mechanical Clocks
Various church records indicate that mechanical clocks using oscillation and falling weights were invented in the late 13th century .
The earliest tower clocks usually had no faces or hands and announced canonical hours instead of astronomical hours .
More sophisticated clocks had moving dials and showed time according to two or more different systems .
2 The Compass
Although there is some disagreement among historians about this , the compass was probably independently invented in China and in Europe in the 12th century .
The dry compass , or “ mariner ’s compass ” was developed and perfected in Europe , probably Italy , in the late 13th – early 14th centuries .
Before the invention of the compass , ships sailed close to land and mariners navigated by observing natural landmarks and the position of celestial bodies .
This made sea travel long and inefficient , dangerous ( when a ship had to sail within sight of enemy territory or a pirate base ) , and seasonal ( since the sky was frequently overcast in the fall and winter ) .
The compass enabled ships to sail into the open sea and to determine their direction even when celestial bodies could not be observed .
This navigation device has had a lasting impact on civilization and was used for over 800 years before finally being supplanted by GPS .
1 The Magna Carta 1215
The significance of the Magna Carta has sometimes been a bit overstated .
What can not be denied , however , is that it codified two revolutionary principles : ( 1 ) the king must govern with consent ; and ( 2 ) the king must govern within the law .
These twin principles laid the foundation of modern Western liberal democracy , which combines elements of monarchy , oligarchy , and ancient - style participatory democracy in a mechanism utilizing the advantages of each to the maximum .
bonus Urban Culture
Ancient cities , even great ancient cities , such as Rome , were important primarily as fortified seats of power .
It was in the Middle Ages , however , that the notion of a city evolved into something more than fortified physical space — into an idea and a vision ; large , socially complex societies based primarily on economic relationships rather than kinship .
It was in the Middle Ages that big cities became identified as places of freedom , opportunity , anonymity , renewal and self - invention — the aura that cities still possess today .
Keynes and Bernanke on Bubbles and Manias : Blame the Free Market
Jan. 6 , 2010
In 1936 , John Maynard Keynes ' book appeared : The General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money .
It changed the world .
It justified in the name of economic theory what governments had been doing since 1932 : running deficits and creating fiat money .
Keynes ' ideas took over .
Today , they are dominant .
The 30 - year break , 1978 - 2008 -- Chicago School , rational expectations , efficient market theory -- is over .
Academic economists , like Dorothy in Kansas , ran for the Keynesian storm cellar .
Unlike Dorothy , they made it .
No trip to Oz for them !
In chapter 12 , he contrasts enterprise with speculation .
This is conceptually incorrect .
Both rely on accurate forecasting .
Both rely on transferring assets to a specific market position .
He made speculators sound like gamblers .
They are n't .
The emotions may be the same , but the economics are different .
A speculator operates in an uncertain market that reflects life 's uncertainties .
A gambler bets on the outcome of a game -- a game that is rigged for the house .
The game follows the law of averages .
Markets have no comparably reliable laws .
Speculators provide insight into how assets should be priced to maximize profit .
This information is vital to enterprisers .
Keynes understood none of this .
If I may be allowed to appropriate the term speculation for the activity of forecasting the psychology of the market , and the term enterprise for the activity of forecasting the prospective yield of assets over their whole life , it is by no means always the case that speculation predominates over enterprise .
GAMBLING IS NOT SPECULATING
Keynes ' distinction between speculation and enterprise is conceptually flawed .
Both the speculator and the enterpriser seek to predict asset prices in the future .
The speculator must take into consideration supply and demand for capital .
The enterpriser must consider prices set by futures markets .
Each needs the other 's specialization .
As the organisation of investment markets improves , the risk of the predominance of speculation does , however , increase .
He offers no reason to believe this .
If it is true , it has to do with specialization of production and reduced cost of entry .
But speculation is inescapable in enterprise and capital markets .
Men seek for forecast future prices , because profit and loss are calculated in prices .
In one of the greatest investment markets in the world , namely , New York , the influence of speculation ( in the above sense ) is enormous .
Even outside the field of finance , Americans are apt to be unduly interested in discovering what average opinion believes average opinion to be ; and this national weakness finds its nemesis in the stock market .
In any market , forecasters must pay attention to what other forecasters think and do .
This includes assessing psychology .
The goal is to buy low and sell high .
What others think about the future is a major factor in predicting future prices .
It is rare , one is told , for an American to invest , as many Englishmen still do , " for income " ; and he will not readily purchase an investment except in the hope of capital appreciation .
This is only another way of saying that , when he purchases an investment , the American is attaching his hopes , not so much to its prospective yield , as to a favourable change in the conventional basis of valuation , i.e. that he is , in the above sense , a speculator .
How does a wise investor assess the appropriate price to pay for an expected stream of income ?
Does he look at the interest rate ?
Yes ; this discounts the value of that expected stream .
How about the likelihood of the stream 's drying up ?
Of course .
This is another uncertainty to consider .
What about the purchasing power of the currency ?
Yes , indeed .
Should he assume that none of this will change after he buys ?
Of course not .
Then should he consider " a favourable change in the conventional basis of valuation . "
That is what the market pays investors to do accurately .
Keynes dismissed this as mere speculation .
But forecasting unexpected changes that affect future prices is the heart of investing .
Speculation is central to investing .
What will be the bottom line , to use the language of accounting , as every speculator should ?
Will the sales price be higher than the purchase price in purchasing power ?
A capital market operates in terms of prices .
This is why economic calculation is possible .
Without economic calculation in a money economy , modern society would collapse .
The division of labor would contract .
Most of us would starve .
Keynes berated speculation .
We should praise it .
Speculators may do no harm as bubbles on a steady stream of enterprise .
But the position is serious when enterprise becomes the bubble on a whirlpool of speculation .
When the capital development of a country becomes a by - product of the activities of a casino , the job is likely to be ill - done .
The capital development of a country is nothing like a casino , except insofar as people want to buy low and sell high .
Capital has to do with the real world with all its uncertainties .
A casino has to do with risk : statistically calculable returns on investment over many bets and many years .
Speculation is not a game played for itself .
Gambling is .
The measure of success attained by Wall Street , regarded as an institution of which the proper social purpose is to direct new investment into the most profitable channels in terms of future yield , cannot be claimed as one of the outstanding triumphs of laissez - faire capitalism -- which is not surprising , if I am right in thinking that the best brains of Wall Street have been in fact directed towards a different object .
On the contrary , a developed market that raises trillions of dollars in capital , providing second - by - second assessments of investors ' best guesses , is an enormous achievement .
It ranks among the most important achievements in man 's history .
Without capital , we would starve .
KEYNES , THE GENTLEMAN SPECULATOR
Keynes was a successful speculator .
He made a fortune for himself and his university , Cambridge .
This began as early as 1905 .
But he made his money in Britain 's stock market .
That was a market for gentlemen .
The upstarts across the Atlantic were not gentlemen .
These tendencies are a scarcely avoidable outcome of our having successfully organised " liquid " investment markets .
It is usually agreed that casinos should , in the public interest , be inaccessible and expensive .
And perhaps the same is true of Stock Exchanges .
That the sins of the London Stock Exchange are less than those of Wall Street may be due , not so much to differences in national character , as to the fact that to the average Englishman Throgmorton Street is , compared with Wall Street to the average American , inaccessible and very expensive .
The jobber 's " turn " , the high brokerage charges and the heavy transfer tax payable to the Exchequer , which attend dealings on the London Stock Exchange , sufficiently diminish the liquidity of the market ( although the practice of fortnightly accounts operates the other way ) to rule out a large proportion of the transactions characteristic of Wall Street .
Keynes called for restricted entry into markets .
Keep the unwashed speculators out .
Make capital markets a club of English gentlemen .
What might do this ?
A transfer tax .
The introduction of a substantial Government transfer tax on all transactions might prove the most serviceable reform available , with a view to mitigating the predominance of speculation over enterprise in the United States .
Keynes was an elitist -- the consummate English snob .
He resented grubby Americans , who could make fortunes when cultured British gentlemen could not .
He therefore resented the American stock exchange .
There was altogether too much freedom associated with it in 1936 -- and it had been much worse in the 1920s .
He and his disciples have dedicated their careers to this crucial elitist task .
CENTRAL BANK POLICIES , 1920 - 29
He did not mention the secret meetings between the head of the New York Federal Reserve Bank and the head of the Bank of England in the 1920s .
Rothbard told the story about these meetings in his 1963 book , America 's Great Depression .
Establishment economists have ignored this ever since .
On Norman 's appointment as Governor during the War , Strong hastened to promise him his services .
In 1920 , Norman began taking annual trips to America to visit Strong , and Strong took periodic trips to visit Europe .
All of these consultations were kept highly secret and were always camouflaged as " visiting with friends , " " taking a vacation , " and " courtesy visits . "
The Bank of England gave Strong a desk and a private secretary for these occasions , as did the Bank of France and the German Reichsbank .
These consultations were not reported to the Federal Reserve Board in Washington .
Furthermore , the New York Bank and the Bank of England kept in close touch via weekly exchange of private cables ( p. 144 ) .
Benjamin Strong did what his intimate friend Montagu Norman asked him to do in 1925 , when England went back on the gold standard at a price for gold far lower for pounds than the free market would have established .
The pound was overvalued .
Gresham 's law would soon persuade speculastors to sell pounds and buy dollars .
Norman knew this .
Strong lowered the rate of interest by inflating money , so that the Bank of England would not suffer an outflow gold to the upstart Americans , who were paying a higher rate of interest for capital until FED policy changed .
This ignited the American stock market bubble , 1926 - 29 .
The bubble broke because Strong died in 1928 , and the FED tightened money .
The FED quit bailing out Norman and his gentlemen peers .
England threw in the towel in 1931 .
It went off the gold standard .
Keynes blamed the gold standard .
He blamed the American stock market .
He did not blame the Federal Reserve System and the Bank of England .
His disciples have continued to follow his lead .
BERNANKE ON BUBBLES
For all their talk about the benefits of capital markets , Keynesian economists do not trust them .
They want to regulate them and tax them .
No better example can be found that Ben Bernanke 's speech on Sunday , January 3 , to the American Economic Association .
This is America 's organization of academic economists .
He was speaking to the guild as the most famous member of the guild .
What we need , he said , is more regulation .
Greenspan 's monetary policy was not the cause of the bubble , he insisted .
It was lack of regulation .
We need more regulation .
That said , having experienced the damage that asset price bubbles can cause , we must be especially vigilant in ensuring that the recent experiences are not repeated .
All efforts should be made to strengthen our regulatory system to prevent a recurrence of the crisis , and to cushion the effects if another crisis occurs .
Then what of monetary policy ?
An afterthought .
However , if adequate reforms are not made , or if they are made but prove insufficient to prevent dangerous buildups of financial risks , we must remain open to using monetary policy as a supplementary tool for addressing those risks -- proceeding cautiously and always keeping in mind the inherent difficulties of that approach .
Then what of economic cause and effect ?
What has Bernanke learned ?
Not much .
He admitted this in his closing words .
Clearly , we still have much to learn about how best to make monetary policy and to meet threats to financial stability in this new era .
Maintaining flexibility and an open mind will be essential for successful policymaking as we feel our way forward .
It is blind man 's bluff .
The FED is now keeping the federal funds rate at 0 % to 0.25 % .
It is inflating like mad to do this , as the adjusted monetary base indicates .
Has this anything to do with bubbles ?
Not in Bernanke 's view -- no more than it did under Greenspan .
CONCLUSION
The bubbles are caused by inflationary central bank policies , Ludwig von Mises argued .
These lead to market manias -- what Keynes called the casino mentality .
Keynes and his disciples have always blamed free markets for bubbles and manias .
They have never seriously challenged regulation , central bank inflation , and " too big to fail . "
When push came to shove in the capital markets , non-Keynesian economists praised Bernanke and Paulson for their bailouts of September and October 2008 .
Only the Austrian School economists protested .
What will be the result ?
More bubbles , more manias , and more misdirected resources .
The Cathaoirleach of the Seanad has confirmed the election of James Carroll to Seanad Éireann .
Senator Carroll was lead into the Senate Chamber by Leader of the House Donie Cassidy .
He was nominated by the Administrative Panel .
Senator Carroll is a former Fianna Fáil Councillor from Monasterboice , Co Louth .
A former President of UCD Student Union , he is the first member of Oireachtas Éireann born in the 1980s .
There 's no doubt Wyclef Jean — who has raised $ 1 million since the Haiti earthquake — wants to help his homeland .
But a look at his personal foundation 's finances raises questions about whether it 's wisely managing the donations it 's collecting .
UPDATE : Go here for more on why Jean 's charity may not be the best way to help Haitians right now .
The Smoking Gun took a look at the finances of Yele Haiti , the foundation Wyclef Jean founded to help his homeland — and it 's ugly .
Jean founded Yele Haiti in 1998 , according to TSG , but did n't file any tax returns until five months ago , in August 2009 .
And the returns filed so far — for 2005 , 2006 , and 2007 only — reveal that Yele directed huge sums of money to commercial entities that Jean and his business partner Jerry Duplessis own stakes in .
The most eye - popping expenditure is $ 250,000 that the foundation paid in 2006 to Telemax , S.A. , a Haitian television company that Jean and Duplessis own a controlling interest in .
The payment for " airtime and production services " appears to have been related to a telethon of some sort that Yele Haiti produced in the country — its chalked up to " outreach " — and amounts to one out of every five dollars that the foundation took in that year .
The return claims the fees were " below market " and constituted the " most efficient " way for Yele Haiti to conduct outreach .
The foundation also paid Platinum Sound , the production company that Jean and Duplessis co-own , a $ 100,000 fee for Jean 's performance at a Yele Haiti fundraiser in 2006 .
And Platinum Sound charges
Yele Haiti more than $ 31,000 in annual rent for office space at its Manhattan studio .
UPDATE : A tipster familiar with Platinum Sounds ' set - up just e-mailed to say that the " office space " that Yele rents from the studio consists of one staffer who works out the kitchen , at a cost of $ 2,600 each month paid from the charity to Jean and Duplessis .
All told , TSG says , Yele Haiti has paid out $ 410,000 in the three years for which it has provided tax returns to businesses owned by Jean and Duplessis .
Which makes it even more stunning that the foundation ended 2007 with a $ 489,000 deficit .
That year it took in only $ 79,000 in direct public support — not much more than the $ 54,711 it spent on travel — and reported $ 503,000 in cash with $ 956,000 in liabilities , including a " 30 - day demand note " in the amount of $ 500,000 borrowed from a foundation controlled by music impresario Lou Adler .
Its only charitable activity that year was a $ 270,000 grant to Yele Haiti's Haitian operation , which presumably then distributed the funds to recipients there .
When we called a contact number for Duplessis listed in Yele Haiti's tax return , a receptionist at Platinum Sounds answered the phone and referred us to a public relations firm .
We have n't heard back from the publicist .
We also tried to contact Hugh Locke , the head of Orsa Consultants , a firm that Yele Haiti paid $ 82,000 in 2006 .
According to this 2005 press release , Orsa is a " corporate social responsibility consultancy " that managed Yele Haiti 's programs ; we could n't find any public references to Orsa independent of Yele Haiti , and the firm 's web site is no longer operative .
When we called Lock , he immediately handed the phone to someone identifying herself as " Mrs. Lock , " who referred us to the PR firm .
When we asked her about Yele Haiti 's expenditures , she said , " Our finances are totally straightened out .
We have filed , and are up to date on everything . "
None of this means that Jean , Duplessis , and Yele Haiti are n't doing important work in Haiti , or that they can't play a constructive role in responding to the earthquake crisis .
It does mean that , if the past is any guide , they are unlikely to wisely manage any of the money they are currently collecting from concerned Americans on behalf of the victims in Haiti .
Press any key to terminate the current application .
*
Press CTRL+ALT+DEL again to restart your computer .
You will lose any unsaved information in all applications .
Editor 's note : Fareed Zakaria is an author and foreign affairs analyst who hosts " Fareed Zakaria GPS " on CNN U.S. on Sundays at 1 and 5 p.m. ET and CNN International 2 p.m. and 10 p.m. CET / 5 p.m. Abu Dhabi / 9 p.m. HK
New York ( CNN ) --
In the wake of the failed Christmas Day airplane bombing , President Obama ordered speedy reviews of how the air security system failed and the Transportation Security Administration began enhanced screening for passengers traveling through 14 nations .
Finding the flaws in the system is needed , foreign affairs analyst Fareed Zakaria told CNN , but he said much of the response from politicians in Washington amounts to an overreaction .
" We have to recognize that you can't have 100 percent security , that there are inevitably going to be lapses , " Zakaria said .
" Those lapses must be fixed , this is not an excuse for anything , but we must also be careful not to fulfill the exact intent of the terrorists by going berserk as a consequence .
" The clearest flaw here is that when the intelligence about this guy was received from his father , there should have been some standard operating procedure somewhere where somebody said , ' Let 's check if this guy has a visa . '
" That to me is the key flaw , " Zakaria said .
" And whether that is a systemic problem or a human problem , I do n't know .
But that 's the simplest fix .
When you have some piece of intelligence like this , you check whether this person had a visa , and if had been issued a visa , you make sure that he does n't enter the country without serious security checks , additional screening and perhaps the revocation of the visa itself . "
Zakaria , author and host of CNN's " Fareed Zakaria : GPS " spoke to CNN Tuesday :
CNN : The Christmas Day bombing attempt has started a raging debate about terrorism and U.S. foreign policy .
What are the most important things that we should be watching for right now ?
Fareed Zakaria : I think the most important thing we should be watching for is the danger of an overreaction .
It 's important to remember that the purpose of terrorism is to terrorize the public .
In other words , it 's a tactic that 's unique because it depends entirely on the response of the public .
The more we overreact , the more we whip ourselves up into a froth of hysteria , and the more we are actually helping this tactic succeed .
CNN : Do you think that there are signs that people are overreacting ?
Zakaria :
It 's been very interesting to watch .
I 've always worried about what would happen if there were another terrorist attack in the United States -- you know a backpack bombing or things like that .
And I 've never really worried about how the American people would react .
I feel like life would go on .
We 're pretty resilient as a society , this is a huge economy , one backpack in a mall would not derail it .
But I 've always worried that Washington would go nuts and would overreact .
And I think what you 're seeing is very similar .
Life goes on for most Americans .
In Washington , between polarization and media hype and bureaucratic wrangling , this is turning into a kind of systemic overreaction .
I want to be clear .
We should fix the problems that exist .
Every system has its flaws .
I 'm sure this one has them .
We should figure out what they are and fix them but in a calm deliberate manner rather than take things wildly out of context and turn them into a political football .
If you look at the way Michael Chertoff and Michael Hayden , Bush 's secretary of homeland security and director of the CIA , handled it , they handled it in a professional , calm , serious way , which is very different from the way most of the political figures in Washington have been handling it , which has been to turn this into an opportunity for grandstanding and partisanship .
CNN : Apart from airport security , there have been questions raised by this incident regarding U.S. policy toward Yemen and what has been happening in Nigeria and London .
Could you address those ?
Zakaria :
It does reveal something interesting about al Qaeda .
This is not a vast organization that has great political support in the Islamic world and has to be countered with a broad nation - building effort in all parts of the Muslim world .
This is a thin networked organization with probably a few thousand , utterly ruthless , evil , fanatical adherents that is mobile and that takes advantage of the realities of globalization and moves around to the weakest point of the system and opportunistically finds ways to attack .
So this Nigerian guy appears to have presented himself and they turned that opportunity into an attack .
What that means is that we 're up against something the response to which is probably not about having vast armies and nation - building efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
And if were to move that now to Yemen , they would move somewhere else .
It means a huge focus on intelligence , counter terrorism , homeland security .
To think of this as something that requires a huge infusion of military and nation building in several Muslim societies all over the world misses the point .
If we were to partner with the Yemeni government or the Nigeria government and bring development to Yemen and Nigeria , it 's not going to change the mind of these small bands of fanatics .
CNN : Do you have a view on the wisdom of military retaliation in Yemen ?
Zakaria :
To the extent that we have good intelligence on al Qaeda leaders in Yemen or elsewhere , we should use whatever military force we can to do it .
Obviously you do n't want collateral damage because that tends to be counterproductive , as we 've found in Afghanistan and Pakistan because you generate an enormous amount of hatred and anger .
But to the extent that you can do them surgically -- and we 've gotten very good at doing them surgically , for example , in Pakistan -- I think absolutely , and that may well be one of the keys to the struggle .
I do n't think it 's the solution for the long term , but it 's part of an ongoing effort to keep these guys on the run , to keep them on the defense .
It does n't mean however that you will ever get at every one of them because there 's always going to be some new misguided fanatic that will come along .
CNN : What 's the impact likely to be for other decisions the Obama adminstration faces , including the issue of Guantanamo ?
Zakaria : I think there 's no question that it makes it more difficult to shut down Guantanamo .
It should n't make it more difficult to move people from Guantanamo to a Supermax prison in the United States -- other terrorists are in these Supermax prisons .
Richard Reid the shoe bomber is in it .
...
But the political reality is that it has become more difficult , and the Obama administration will have to deal with that reality .
CNN : Following the announcement of enhanced security measures for people coming from 14 countries , a number of countries have protested that the U.S. is overreacting .
What are the implications ?
Zakaria : I think it is probably not the most effective kind of profiling .
My understanding of successful security systems , for example the Israelis , is that they do profile based on behavior rather than purely on national origin or ethnicity or religion .
The problem with those categories is that they 're too large -- there are 1.2 billion Muslims in the world .
When you 're trying to find a needle in a haystack , adding hay does not help you .
If you were to do it on the basis of behavior , which could involve travel to certain countries , which could involve what kind of ticket you buy , whether you have bags , any kind of intelligence on activities that might be considered extremist in any way , that would probably be a more successful path .
I hope it 's the direction we 'll end up in .
It was thought the body needed time to remove fatty particles from the blood Patients do not need to fast before having their cholesterol tested , a major report has found .
After analysing data from 300,000 people , Cambridge researchers found results were just as accurate if the patient had eaten before the test .
While a number of studies have pointed to this , the " no need to fast " message has not yet been absorbed , experts say .
It is hoped the review in the Journal of the American Medical Association will inform guidelines everywhere .
Cholesterol tests have long been a key part of assessing a patient 's risk of cardiovascular problems .
Fasting was recommended as it had been thought the body needed enough time to digest food in the system and to clear any fatty particles from the blood .
This was in order to produce an accurate reading of so - called " bad " cholesterol - or low - density lipoprotein ( LDL ) .
Financial pressure
But data from 68 long - term surveys in 21 countries suggests this is not the case .
" For decades , people have been asked to fast overnight before their cholesterol tests , " lead researcher Professor John Danesh said .
" These findings indicate that cholesterol measurements are at least as good - and probably somewhat better - when made without fasting . "
The study also adds to the ongoing controversy over whether testing for blood proteins called apolipoproteins is a more reliable way of predicting heart risk than cholesterol testing .
The studies showed that analysing " good " cholesterol - or high - density lipoprotein ( HDL ) in conjunction with LDL was just as informative as testing for apolipoproteins AI and B. Professor Peter Weissberg , medical director of the British Heart Foundation , which funded the study , said : " Given the financial pressure the NHS is under , it 's good news that doctors do n't need to spend money on setting up more sophisticated tests based on apolipoproteins .
" But the study underlines the importance of all GPs being able to measure HDL cholesterol as well as total cholesterol , in order to make the best predictions about heart disease risk . "
Not all doctors currently use tests which differentiate between the two different forms of cholesterol .
Cardiovascular disease - CVD - is the leading form of death in the UK and many other parts of the world .
Dr Dermot Neely of charity Heart UK said the findings on fasting confirmed what many clinicians already knew .
" But it has been very slow to get through , particularly in primary care .
There are still labs that will not take non-fasting specimens , so patients get sent home .
Hopefully this analysis , which backs up current guidelines , will drive the message home . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the ongoing game of creative airline seating , Air New Zealand is introducing a welcome option in the economy section of its new long - haul airplanes .
Some seats at the back of the plane will feature a footrest of sorts that can be raised like a recliner to create a platform for sleeping .
The comfier seats are one of many interesting ideas floating around to make flying a little more bearable .
From simple things like leaving middle seats empty to designing staggered seats to exploring ultra-creative ideas like putting beds on planes , airlines and designers are rethinking the passenger experience .
Unfortunately , many of these ideas are limited to the front of the airplane where first - and business - class passengers sit .
So , it comes as welcome news that when Air New Zealand takes delivery of its new Boeing 777-300 ER aircraft this fall , those of us in coach will enjoy the possibility of lying flat to sleep .
The catch is the " Skycouch " turns three seats into a small bed .
That means it probably works best if you 're not very tall or you 're traveling with kids .
It fits the bill if you 're lucky enough that you and your traveling companion can enjoy having the seats to yourselves , like the lucky couple in the promotional photo from the airline .
And that , of course , assumes your traveling companion is someone you actually want to sleep next to .
Airline CEO Rob
Fyfe says the company has spent three years trying to ignite a passion for flying , especially on long - haul trips .
" For those who choose , the days of sitting in economy and yearning to lie down and sleep are gone , " he said .
" The dream is now a reality , one that you can even share with a traveling companion – just keep your clothes on , thanks ! "
We 're not sure about Fyfe 's claims of " putting the magic and romance " back into flying .
But Air New Zealand does say two people traveling together can purchase the third seat at half price and have a row to themselves .
The company did not specify whether that option will be limited to flights that are n't packed with full - fare paying customers .
And only the first 11 rows of the economy class cabin will have the new seating arrangement .
Photo : Air New Zealand
Howard Safir , a New York City police commissioner during the Giuliani administration , backed his sport utility vehicle into a pregnant woman on the Upper East Side on Friday afternoon and then drove away , the police said .
The woman , Joanne M. Valarezo , 30 , of the Bronx , was not knocked down and was not seriously injured in the accident , which occurred at 2:25 p.m. in front of 1418 Third Avenue , the authorities said .
They said she was able to jot down the license plate of Mr. Safir ’s black 2009 Cadillac Escalade .
Ms. Valarezo was taken by ambulance to New York - Presbyterian Hospital / Weill Cornell Medical Center , where she was treated for a bruised shoulder and then released , the police said .
Ms. Valarezo ’s unborn child , nearing its seventh month , was apparently not affected , she later said .
Detectives from the 19th Precinct tracked Mr. Safir down , questioned him and “ determined there is no criminality , ” said a law enforcement official .
The detectives determined that Mr. Safir was unaware that he had struck the woman before driving away , another law enforcement official said .
For years , troops in Afghanistan have been short of some crucial assets :
Helicopters , blast - resistant trucks and eyes in the sky .
But with the influx of new boots on the ground , the Afghanistan theater has the arrival of more gear .
The newest addition : The MC - 12W , the Air Force 's new piloted surveillance plane .
According to an Air Force news release , the newest MC - 12W – tail number 090623 , for all you planespotters out there – arrived two days ago at Bagram Airfield , the main U.S. hub for central and eastern Afghanistan .
The aircraft is part of a new unit , the 4th Expeditionary Reconnaissance Squadron , which will operate an undisclosed number of the aircraft over Afghanistan .
Like the Mine - Resistant Ambush Protected vehicle , the MC - 12W is the result of a crash procurement effort .
The surveillance planes are secondhand Hawker Beechcraft C- 12s outfitted with full - motion video and signals intelligence sensors .
According to Caitlin Harrington of Jane's , " Project Liberty " is slated to cost just under $ 1 billion ; it will involve the procurement of a total of 37 MC - 12Ws , plus the stand - up of intelligence fusion centers on the ground to analyze the data collected by the aircraft .
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , who famously complained in 2008 that getting intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance assets to theater was like " pulling teeth , " praised Project Liberty as a model for a more rapid and responsive military acquisition .
And more aircraft are on the way .
Lolita Baldor of the Associated Press , quoting Air Force Lt. Gen. David Deptula , reported recently that six of the turboprop aircraft are now in the skies over Iraq ; the Air Force plans to have a total of 30 in Iraq and Afghanistan by the late summer of 2010 .
[ Photo : USAF ]
ALSO :
This week 's decline in U.S. stocks has prompted institutional option traders to position for a more substantial pullback in exchange - traded funds covering the consumer , materials , banks and retail sectors .
After a positive start for the year , a sudden three - day reversal on Wall Street has raised the specter that a larger technical downside correction , perhaps of a magnitude of 20 percent , is looming in the first quarter .
Market participants noticed a burst of nearly 400,000 contracts traded in downside puts this morning in the Materials Select Sector SPDR fund , the SPDR S&P Retail fund , the SPDR KBW Regional Bank Index and the Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR fund .
Investors — big and small — like ETFs because they are securities that track an index and can be easily bought , sold or shorted .
Option investors often use them as an inexpensive way to protect portfolios or bet on sector movement .
Data shows the trades were buyer - initiated , opening positions by institutions and were struck about 20 percent out - of - the money , said Trade Alert President Henry Schwartz .
Schwartz said that each put was priced at a premium of below 25 cents per contract , making total premium outlay just $ 6.2 million , but the total value of stock holdings that the trades may have hedged was nearly $ 1.2 billion .
The puts had strike prices far below the current value of the underlying shares of the funds , suggesting a bearish picture for these ETFs in the next few months .
" There is some incredibly bearish action in the sector ETFs today , " said Joe Kunkle , a founder of website OptionsHawk.com .
" Although these far out - of - money puts may be against large long equity or futures positions , it is still reason for concern . "
The high volume activity in these ETF options tracking these sectors had a common thread as the transactions were initiated in the March contract .
" The pattern appears to show large blocks of heavy protective put buying aimed at a 20 percent decline in those benchmarks by March expiration , " said Andrew Wilkinson , market analyst at Interactive Brokers Group .
" But what was not clear is whether this was protective or speculative action . "
ETFs are also a good investment tool for diversifying a stock portfolio and to generate income .
According to Kunkle , the following trades were transacted :
In the Retail ETF , an investor bought 115,000 March $ 28 puts at a premium of 12.50 cents per contract , offer side , The XRT shares rose 8 cents to $ 35.34 .
The Regional Banks ETF attracted a buyer of 60,000 March $ 20 puts at 22 cents per contract , near offer .
KRE shares slipped 39 cents to $ 24.64 .
The Consumer Discretionary ETF had a buyer of 140,000 March $ 24 puts at a premium of 12 cents .
The XLY was off 3 cents to $ 29.56 .
And in the Basic Materials ETF there was a buyer of 78,000 March $ 26 puts for 22 cents , and closer to the offer .
The XLB edged up 4 cents to $ 32.30 .
" These trades look to be betting on a 20 percent correction in the market by March , " Kunkle said .
© 2020 Thomson / Reuters .
All rights reserved .
WASHINGTON 
With no clear path forward on major health care legislation , Democratic leaders in Congress effectively slammed the brakes on President Obama ’s top domestic priority on Tuesday , saying they no longer felt pressure to move quickly on a health bill after eight months of setting deadlines and missing them .
The Senate majority leader , Harry Reid , Democrat of Nevada , deflected questions about health care .
“ We ’re not on health care now , ” Mr. Reid said .
“ We ’ve talked a lot about it in the past . ”
He added , “ There is no rush , ” and noted that Congress still had most of this year to work on the health bills passed in 2009 by the Senate and the House .
Mr. Reid said he and the House speaker , Nancy Pelosi , were working to map out a way to complete a health care overhaul in coming months .
BEIJING ( AP ) 
A Chinese businesswoman was sentenced to death Friday for cheating investors out of $ 56 million — the latest case in the country 's struggle against widespread corruption .
The 28 - year - old Wu Ying started out a decade ago with a single beauty salon but eventually built up a holding group , Bense Holdings , that was known around the country , the state - run Xinhua News Agency reported .
The report said
Wu collected the $ 56 million from investors over two years and was arrested in 2007 .
Video posted online of her sentencing had the petite , ponytailed Wu showing little emotion as she was led into the courtroom .
In China , the death penalty is used even for nonviolent crimes such as corruption or tax evasion .
The country 's highest court , which reviews all death sentences , this year called for it to be used less often and for only the most serious criminal cases .
The Intermediate People 's Court in Jinhua city , eastern Zhejiang province , said Wu used the money for personal use and operating costs and to pay off loans .
The Xinhua report said Wu confessed but then retracted her confession in April .
Rights group Amnesty International has said China put at least 1,718 people to death in 2008 .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
JJ Abrams Star
Trek did well at theaters and is selling strong on home video , but it appears that it is even more popular with online pirates .
In fact , a new analysis shows it is the most popular BitTorrent download of the year .
See below for details , and also info on how Paramount is n’t taking this lightly .
Pirates love Star Trek
When it comes to box office Star Trek is the # 6 movie of 2009 domestically , and # 10 globally ( so far ) .
But when it comes to pirates , Star Trek is at the top of the chart .
According to torrentfreak the movie leads the 2009 pirated movies on BitTorrent with almost 11 million downloads .
This beats the 2008 record set by The Dark Knight , which lead the 2008 films with 7 million .
Here is the 2009 list .
Star Trek Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen RocknRolla The Hangover Twilight District 9 Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince State of Play X - Men Origins : Wolverine Knowing
Of course Star Trek fans are known to be tech - savvy .
Back when Enterprise was cancelled , many fans noted that the show did much better with DVR viewers ( and pirates ) than it did with the general viewing public .
Paramount wants action – says piracy has gone from ‘ geek to sleek ’
This piracy has not gone without notice at Paramount .
Last month the studio reported to the FCC that it had tracked more than five million IP addresses that downloaded one of six camcorded copies of the movie over the Summer ( see chart ) .
CLICK TO SEE FULL ‘ Star Trek Piracy Proliferation ’ Chart
Paramount is particularly concerned about streaming video websites that host pirated video , which appear to be legitimate to casual Internet users who may confuse them for sties like Hulu .
In their letter to the FCC Paramount stated :
Today , literally anyone with an internet connection can do it .
Clunky websites are being replaced by legitimate looking and legitimate feeling pirate movie websites , a perception enhanced by the presence of premium advertisers and subscription fees processed by major financial institutions .
Paramount is lobbying the government to help the Hollywood studios stop online piracy .
Specifically they asked :
[ We ] must have the legal and regulatory flexibility to use technological tools in partnership with Internet service providers to stem the tide of online copyright theft .
You can read the entire Paramount letter to the FCC here .
Paramount COO
Frederick Huntsberry also gave a presentation about piracy which went over many of the points in the letter , again using Star Trek as the prime example .
Ironically video of that speech was pirated .
It took only a few hours : Apple has banned ForChan from iTunes , a perfectly innocent , web - based , dedicated image browser for the iPhone .
Its only sin :
It could display porn .
Well done , Apple .
Let 's delete Safari now .
Advertisement
ForChan could connect to any image board web page and show pictures .
Photos of dogs , cats , birds , food , cars , planes , flowers , scenes of summer , winter , and fall , or anything in between .
Anything including boobs and buttocks :
It did n't promote porn in any way .
It did n't have any ads for porn .
Its icon was plain .
Its explanatory text was perfectly innocent .
And yes , while the developer mentions that it could be used to browse pictures of fully naked girls — and has some boards with that kind of pictures — the app itself is not a " porn app . "
Actually , you had to click a few times in the web before getting to the smut .
There was no magic " Show me the tits " button .
Advertisement
In fact , ForChan only has two options : Browse page after page of images , or enter a new URL to access a new web server containing different images .
Sounds familiar ?
Yes , exactly the same as Safari .
Enter any porn web site address in your Safari URL field , and you will instantly get connected to porn .
Hardcore picture after hardcore picture , wet video after wet video , all the perversions imaginable , no niche left untouched .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So why is Safari in the iPhone ?
Is it because web - browser porn browsing is socially accepted , leaving the ultimate responsibility in the individual using the web browser — often with a convenient privacy mode ?
If that 's the case , why delete ForChan from the iTunes Store ?
It 's a web browser too , no matter how image oriented it is .
Apple is not selling porn in the Store when somebody purchases ForChan .
They are selling a generic browser , just like the built - in Safari is .
One that can only display images , any kind of images , just like the built - in Safari does .
Advertisement
Apple includes Safari with no restrictions because , at the end of the day , it is your responsibility to use your web browser according to your own set of moral and social rules .
You can write a new web address and access Fleshbot instead of Gawker .
Your action , your choice .
Nobody is going to go to Apple and accuse them of selling a porn app because I can access porn online .
And nobody can accuse Apple of selling porn by making ForChan available in their app store .
So why retire it ?
Just because we highlighted that it can be used to browse porn .
So here 's a hint , Apple :
Time to delete Safari .
Global warming may impair the ability of ecosystems to perform vital services -- such as providing food , clean water and carbon sequestration -- says the nation 's largest organization of ecological scientists .
In a statement released Jan. 26 , the Ecological Society of America ( ESA ) outlines strategies that focus on restoring and maintaining natural ecosystem functions to mitigate and adapt to climate change .
" Decision - makers cannot overlook the critical services ecosystems provide , " says ESA President Mary Power .
" If we are going to reduce the possibility of irreversible damage to the environment under climate change , we need to take swift but measured action to protect and manage our ecosystems . "
ESA recommends four approaches to limiting adverse effects of climate change through ecosystem management :
Prioritize low - alteration strategies .
Many ecosystems sequester a sizable amount of carbon -- simply allowing them to function naturally can significantly help mitigation efforts .
Deforestation , for example , has a two - fold impact : removing agents of carbon sequestration -- trees in this instance -- while simultaneously releasing stored carbon .
Therefore , preserving forests is a straightforward way to both reduce and offset emissions .
Critically evaluate management - intensive strategies .
Management strategies that seek to increase carbon sequestration above natural levels should undergo thorough life - cycle analysis and evaluation prior to implementation .
For example , increasing carbon uptake on agricultural lands -- one approach to enhancing the sequestration potential of ecosystems -- typically requires more fertilizer than standard processes ; the tradeoff , therefore , is higher emissions and pollution associated with fertilizer production .
Acknowledge the ecological implications of geoengineering .
Understand the potential risks associated with engineering the environment , called geoengineering , and the unintended negative impacts that could emerge from long - term or widespread use .
For example , injecting sulfur particles into the atmosphere to reflect solar rays would have a cooling effect but could also increase acid rain and destabilize weather patterns .
advertisement
Address long - term risks .
Assess the far - reaching consequences of ecosystem alterations .
Monitor carbon stores sequestered under given management practices and develop or apply models to forecast ecosystem responses several decades into the future .
In addition to mitigating climate change , steps should be taken to prepare ecosystems to withstand climate change impacts .
Human activity has impaired the natural resilience of many ecosystems .
ESA outlines four adaptation strategies to safeguard ecosystem services in the face of climate change :
Take additional steps to protect water quality and quantity .
Freshwater resources are at particular risk from the interaction of climate change and intensification of human use .
Rising temperatures have already lowered river flows , warmed surface waters and dried out wetlands .
Sustaining freshwater resources is critical to both environmental and public health .
Enable natural species migration across human dominated landscapes .
Create and maintain wildlife corridors across jurisdictions and private lands to help species relocate and adapt as habitats shift with climate change .
Steps should be taken to restore the ability of native species to migrate across landscapes severely fragmented by human land use .
Improve capacity to predict extreme events .
Monitoring and modeling natural disturbance and recovery processes at regional scales will help state and federal agencies understand and respond to novel rates and intensities of environmental change .
advertisement
Manage collaboratively at the ecosystem level .
Many natural resources and services , such as fresh water , clean air and crop pollination , are not contained within jurisdictional boundaries ; resource management should reflect this and operate at the ecosystem level .
" Even conservative warming projections show that natural systems will experience unprecedented stresses , including shifting habitats and ecological processes and more frequent and severe natural disturbances , such as fires , floods and droughts , " ESA says in the statement .
" These unavoidable changes will require management that addresses ecological thresholds , tipping points and other sources of uncertainty . "
According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , global temperatures could rise 1 - 6 degrees C by the end of the 21st Century .
" The sooner such strategies are deployed , the more effective they will be in mitigating the extent of change and helping us to adapt to inevitable changes . "
ESA says in its statement .
The Ecological Society of America 's statement is available at http://www.esa.org/pao/policyStatements/pdfDocuments/Ecosystem%20Management%20in%20a%20Changing%20Climate.pdf
Get ready to MOVE , Runner of Steel !
2020 is your year to MOVE yourself , MOVE heartbeats , MOVE goals , and MOVE barriers !
Run to achieve a personal goal or connect your passion with purpose and run for a charity close to your heart .
McDonald 's served 60 million customers a day in 2009
A McDonald 's outlet in the Netherlands was wrong to sack an employee for giving a colleague a piece of cheese on a hamburger , a court has ruled .
The waitress was fired last March after she sold a hamburger to a co-worker who then asked for cheese , which she added .
The fast - food chain argued this turned the hamburger into a cheeseburger , and so she should have charged more .
But Leeuwarden district court ruled a written warning would have been more appropriate .
It is just a slice of cheese
Leeuwarden district court
McDonald 's profits jump by 23 %
McDonald 's was ordered to pay the former employee more than 4,200 euros ( $ 5,900 ; £ 3,660 ) for the last five months of her contract .
The fast - food chain had argued that the waitress - who was employed at a branch in the northern town of Lemmer - had broken staff rules prohibiting free gifts to family , friends or colleagues .
But the court said in its written judgement : " The dismissal was too severe a measure .
It is just a slice of cheese , " reports AFP news agency .
The ruling comes days after McDonald 's reported an increase in net profits by almost a quarter in the last three months of 2009 .
BAKERSFIELD —
The suspicious material found inside luggage that prompted the shutdown of a California airport this morning turned out to be five soft drink bottles filled with honey , authorities said .
A passenger ’s suitcase tested positive for TNT at Bakersfield ’s Meadows Field during a routine swabbing of the bag ’s exterior , Kern County Sheriff Donny Youngblood said .
When TSA officials opened the bag , they found bottles filled with an amber liquid , he said .
“ Why in this day and age would someone take a chance carrying honey in Gatorade bottles ? ” Youngblood asked .
“ That itself is an alarm .
It ’s hard to understand . ”
Investigators said the bag ’s owner , Francisco Ramirez , 31 , is a gardener from Milwaukee who has been cooperating with authorities .
He flew to Bakersfield Dec. 23 to spend Christmas with his sister and was returning today when the alarm sounded .
When TSA agents opened one of the bottles and tested the contents , the resulting fumes nauseated them , Youngblood said .
Both were treated and released at a local hospital .
“ It ’s encouraging that the system did work , because something is not right there , ” Youngblood said .
“ The system worked the way it was supposed to , but it just takes time when you close an airport — and it costs a lot of money . ”
All flights into and out of Meadows Field were canceled for much of today as authorities searched the terminal for other potential explosives .
The Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Office bomb squad was expected to perform further tests on the honey to determine why a false positive was recorded .
Bakersfield is about 110 miles north of Los Angeles .
Investigators want to know whether any chemical Ramirez uses in his gardening work could have left traces of potential explosives .
They will also run tests on the honey to see if the smoke beekeepers use to subdue the insects could have triggered the false positive test .
Ramirez was not arrested today , but his immigration status is in question , Youngblood said .
“ I suspect after this he wo n’t want to eat honey again , ever , ” he said .
The discovery came less than two weeks after a man was charged with trying to destroy a Northwest Airlines flight as it approached Detroit .
He is alleged to have smuggled an explosive device on board the aircraft and set if off , but the device sparked only a fire and not the intended explosion .
Airline security has been tightened since the arrest .
When openly gay college student Matthew Shepard was targeted , tortured and murdered in 1998 the story made national headlines .
Soon after , MTV sent a camera crew down to Charleston , South Carolina searching for a redneck or two who might offer some insensitive remarks about homosexuals for their “ True Life ” series .
They found one .
Me .
I was a student at the College of Charleston and as the lone conservative writer at the school paper , was asked to participate in the television tapings .
I remember telling MTV I believed Shepard ’s murderers should receive the death penalty .
I also told them , when prodded , that I believed homosexuality was “ against God . ”
It ’s a comment I ’ve regretted ever since .
My first regret stems from the blasphemous assumption that I could know the mind of God and secondly , that I had portrayed gay men and women as somehow lesser children of that God .
Despite my youthful ignorance , there is nothing more obvious to me today than the fact that the overwhelming majority of homosexuals are born gay .
It is nature , not nurture and certainly no choice .
< embed src= “ http://www.youtube.com/v/zhiprpY8THk&hl=en&fs=1&border=1” type=“ application/x-shockwave-flash ” allowscriptaccess=“ always ” allowfullscreen=“ true ” width = “ 445 ” height =
“ 364 ” ></embed></object></div>
But in a free society what people choose to think about homosexuality should be their choice .
The Matthew Shepard Hate Crimes Prevention
Act currently being pushed through Congress , which seeks to expand the definition of federal hate crime laws to cover homosexuals , is the criminalization of thought , pure and simple .
It ’s bad enough that we already have federal laws that cover crimes motivated by racial , ethnic or religious prejudice , which are an affront to free speech that should be abolished .
Battery , assault and murder are horrible enough crimes on their own without attaching some special significance to what the perpetrator might think about his victim .
Rightly notes South Carolina Senator Jim DeMint , there are “ fundamental problems with any federal hate crimes legislation .
The Rule of Law requires opposition to this idea that we treat crimes differently . ”
Not that I do n’t understand the rage of homosexuals or racial and religious minorities who sometimes feel like targets of violence .
In 2002 , my best friend was assaulted for verbally defending the honor of a woman .
For his chivalrous deed , my friend , who was far too drunk to defend himself ( everyone was intoxicated ) had his head mercilessly pounded into the sharp corner of a steel toolbox , coming dangerously close to severely and permanently damaging his eye .
The perpetrator was a perennial loser , mad at women , himself and god - knows - what - else , filled with enough “ hate ” to take on the whole world .
At the time , if someone had put a bullet in his head I would n’t have lost much sleep over it .
One can only imagine the rage of Mathew Shepard ’s family , his friends and particularly those in the gay community who knew him .
A loved one was taken by two emotionally - dysfunctional men whose insecurities and personal shortcomings drove them to murder .
No doubt , many would like to see Shepard ’s killers put to death and it ’s an injustice this never happened .
But not because Shepard was gay – because he was an innocent human being who had done nothing to deserve his fate .
While murder is certainly worse than assault , is beating up a homosexual a worse crime than beating up my friend ?
If my friend were homosexual , should his assault take on an entirely new dimension ?
When violent crimes occur , each born of evil - intentions and producing gruesome results , are some crimes less equal than others ?
For hate crime law advocates , their answer is an unqualified “ yes ! ”
Their logic is repulsive .
Advocates of hate crime laws argue that homosexual and minority members ’ particular identities make them especially vulnerable , requiring special legal protection .
One could just as easily argue that the colossal disparity between black - on - white violent crime versus white - on - black violent crime makes white Americans especially vulnerable , and yet no one advocates for special legal protection for whites .
Some might argue that existing hate crime laws allow for this , but the instances of anti-white hate crimes being prosecuted compared to anti-minority hate crimes , is beyond laughable and no one seems to be clamoring for it .
Most violent crime is born of some sort of hatred and examining motive is certainly crucial in any criminal investigation .
But “ hate ” – for gays , minorities , women , chivalrous men – is still just a thought , and should not be itself , a criminal action .
Criminalizing the thought behind a violent act sets dangerous precedent and gives special justice to special groups and lesser justice to victims of similar crimes who do not belong to those groups .
Stupid as it was , what I thought about homosexuality in 1998 should not have been a crime .
A few weeks after the MTV special aired , I was standing in a King Street bar when a rather tough lesbian woman violently pushed me from behind , angry over my comments .
Looking back , I ’m surprised she did n’t punch my lights out .
That would have unquestionably been a crime .
But not her opinion of me .
“ I Hate Liberals ” tote bag available Zazzle.com
The media have been swamped with reports about the attempt to blow up Northwest Airlines Flight 253 on Christmas Day .
When Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , now dubbed the “ underwear bomber , ” failed in his alleged attack , close to 300 people were spared what would have been , most likely , a horrible , violent end .
Since that airborne incident , the debates about terrorism and how best to protect the American people have been reignited .
Meanwhile , a killer that has stalked the U.S. public , claiming , by recent estimates , 45,000 lives annually — one dead American about every 10 minutes — goes unchecked .
That ’s 3,750 people dead — more than the 9/11 attacks — every month who could be saved with the stroke of a pen .
This killer is the lack of adequate health care in the United States .
Researchers from Harvard Medical School found in late 2009 that 45,000 people die unnecessarily every year due to lack of health insurance .
Researchers also uncovered another stunning fact :
In 2008 , four times as many U.S. Army veterans died because they lacked health insurance than the total number of U.S. soldiers who were killed in Iraq and Afghanistan in the same period .
That ’s right : 2,266 veterans under the age of 65 died because they were uninsured .
On Tuesday , President Barack Obama was fiery when he made his public statement after meeting with his national security team about the airline breach :
In seeking to thwart plans to kill Americans “ we face a challenge of the utmost urgency , ” he said .
He talked about reviewing systemic failures and declared we must “ save innocent lives , not just most of the time , but all of the time . ”
This is all very admirable .
Imagine if this same urgency was applied to a broken system that causes 45,000 unnecessary deaths per year .
Since stimulus funds will now be directed to supply more scanning equipment at airports , what about spending money to ensure mammograms and prostate exams at community health centers ?
And then there ’s the investigation of who is responsible for the attempted Christmas Day attack and getting “ actionable intelligence ” from the alleged bomber to prevent future attacks .
All good .
We actually have “ actionable intelligence ” on why people die due to lack of health care , and how insurance companies actively deny people coverage to increase their profits , but what has been done about it ?
The day before the underwear bomb incident , Christmas Eve , the U.S. Senate passed The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act by a vote of 60 to 39 .
Obama described the bill as “ the most important piece of social legislation since the Social Security Act passed in the 1930s . ”
Yet in order to get to that magic number of 60 Senate votes , the already weak Senate bill had to be brought to its knees by the likes of Sen.
Joe Lieberman , from the health insurance state of Connecticut , and conservative Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska .
The Senate and House versions of health insurance reform now have to be reconciled in conference committee .
The conference committee process is one that is little understood in the U.S.
In it major changes to legislation are often imposed , with little or no notice .
That ’s why C - SPAN CEO Brian Lamb sent a letter to congressional leaders Dec. 30 requesting access to televise the process .
He wrote , “ [ W ]e respectfully request that you allow the public full access , through television , to legislation that will affect the lives of every single American . ”
Rather than simply grant access , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi asserted that “ there has never been a more open process . ”
Yet Pelosi and the Democrats are now saying that the bills wo n’t even go through a formal conference committee , but rather through informal , closed - door sessions with key committee chairs .
While this would circumvent Republican opportunities to filibuster , it would also grant a very few individuals enormous power to cut deals in much the same way that Sens. Nelson and Lieberman did .
Since the health insurance , medical equipment and pharmaceutical industries spent close to $ 1.4 million per day to influence the health care debate , we have to ask :
Who will have access to those few legislators behind those closed doors ?
Wendell Potter , the former CIGNA insurance spokesperson turned whistle - blower , says he knows “ where the bodies are buried . ”
Let ’s be consistent .
If we care about saving American lives , let ’s take action now .
Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column .
Amy Goodman is the host of “ Democracy Now ! , ” a daily international TV / radio news hour airing on more than 800 stations in North America .
She is the author of “ Breaking the Sound Barrier , ” recently released in paperback and now a New York Times best - seller .
© 2010 Amy Goodman
Distributed by King Features Syndicate
When Steve Jobs introduced the iPad on Wednesday , his live demonstrations with the device clearly showed the Safari browser was not capable of playing Adobe Flash .
However , promotional images on Apple 's Web site show that same content loading just fine .
One in a series of rotating images on Apple 's main page shows a story from The New York Times , entitled " The 31 Places to Go in 2010 . "
In the image , a picture of a beach in Montenegro is shown .
The picture is part of 17 images displayed at the top of the story in Flash .
When accessing that same page on an iPhone , the images do not load .
Instead , it says " In order to view this feature , you must download the latest version of flash player here , " with a corresponding link .
It 's likely the iPad photos are simply renderings of the device , rather than actual screenshots taken of the Web sites .
For example , the URL bar for the Times Web site simply shows " http://travel.nytimes.com " rather than the address for the actual story displayed .
Apple has famously shunned Flash , with the Web plugin having no support in the iPhone Safari browser .
The company has even encouraged developers to " stick with standards " and use CSS , JavaScript and Ajax instead of Adobe Flash .
In short , it 's unlikely that Flash support will exist in the iPad when it ships in two months .
This week , Adobe spoke out in criticism of Apple when Jobs ' live presentation showed Flash did not work on the new multitouch iPad .
Writing on the company 's official Flash blog , Adrian Ludwig said " Apple is continuing to impose restrictions on their devices that limit both content publishers and consumers . "
" Unlike many other ebook readers using the ePub file format , consumers will not be able to access ePub content with Apple 's DRM technology on devices made by other manufacturers , " Ludwig wrote .
" And without Flash support , iPad users will not be able to access the full range of web content , including over 70 % of games and 75 % of video on the web . "
He went on to note a number of popular Web sites that iPad users will not be able to access without Adobe Flash , including Hulu , ESPN , Farmville , and Disney , of which Jobs is the company 's largest shareholder .
And yet Apple 's Web site shows Flash content loading on the iPad , even when Jobs ' live demonstration did not .
A Flash - based slideshow on The New York Times Web site , as seen on a Mac .
The iPad promotional image shows the Flash slideshow loaded in the browser .
The same slideshow will not load on the iPhone Safari browser .
In yet another example , the promotional iPad video featured on Apple 's Web site shows the Times video player loading on the iPad 's Safari browser .
But that very same feature of the Web site did not load when Jobs did his live onstage demonstration .
The New York Times front page Flash video player on a Mac .
Apple 's promotional video shows the Flash video section load just fine .
The video section did not load in Steve Jobs ' live demonstration .
The video section does not load on an iPhone .
While Adobe has pushed for years to have Flash on the iPhone since it launched , Apple has not budged .
The company 's rejection of Flash and move towards alternatives such as HTML5 suggest the Web plugin will not likely appear on the iPad .
AP
ON TUESDAY January 5th , Barack Obama met officials related to counterterrorism to discuss how Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab , a Nigerian , was allowed to board a Detroit - bound plane and try to blow it up , despite the fact that America 's spies had useful information on him .
His father had told the American embassy in Abuja , Nigeria 's capital , that his son was being radicalised .
The CIA had heard about plans to develop a Nigerian suicide bomber .
And it was known that Mr Abdul Mutallab had travelled to Yemen for training .
But as Mr Obama said after the meeting , there was “ a failure to integrate and understand the intelligence that we already had ” .
Some have blamed the office of the Director of National Intelligence .
The post , created in 2004 , was meant to get spies to stop thinking in terms of “ need to know ” and instead to think that they “ need to share ” .
A National Counterterrorism Centre ( NCTC ) was also created .
But critics of that approach think that centralisation and “ all - source ” analysis that is meant to produce comprehensive , authoritative reports , are inadequate .
Rather , spies and decision - makers ( such as consular officials who decide whether to grant visas ) need more flexibility and fluidity , the ability to share information more quickly and freely without going through central channels .
In the wake of the attempted Christmas attack , further attempts to shake up intelligence methods and organisation will follow .
So far , they have been piecemeal : the government has decreed that travellers from 14 countries where al - Qaeda is thought to have recruits will undergo full - body screening before flying to America .
But it is unclear whether other countries will implement these rules immediately .
The CIA , State Department and the NCTC are all reviewing what went wrong and are likely to come up with differing conclusions .
As for more substantive intelligence shake - ups in the wake of the Christmas attack , Mr Obama is under pressure for quick action which may include sackings , even if such steps may not lead to good policy .
Less reported , but causing more devastation , was the bomb attack on the CIA 's base in Khost , in Afghanistan .
A Jordanian suicide bomber killed seven American employees and a Jordanian spy , the worst CIA death toll since a 1983 bombing in Beirut .
It emerged on Monday that the CIA had not only been bloodied but duped .
An Islamic extremist had pretended to be turned by Jordanian intelligence and apparently fed American and Jordanian handlers enough reliable information to make himself trusted .
When he claimed to have urgent intelligence , he was whisked through security into the base .
This is a new kind of threat to the CIA .
Few had suspected that al - Qaeda would be sophisticated enough to develop a double agent who could fool both the Jordanians and the CIA .
Jordan 's intelligence service is one of the most professional and trusted partners of the CIA .
The agency depends strongly on other friendly spy services for cultural , linguistic and other kinds of expertise .
The CIA will now have to add countering al - Qaeda 's spy activities and worrying whether its allies are doing the same to its already daunting list of tasks .
The government of Yemen , in particular , has become an important , if somewhat dubious , ally in the fight against al - Qaeda .
Its security forces have claimed victories against al - Qaeda , but some worry that these too have been penetrated by the terrorist group .
The list of challenges goes on .
The head of American military intelligence in Afghanistan complained in a report this week that American spies there are too focused on killing terrorists , and not on understanding the country 's politics , economy and society .
The spooks are re-thinking a 2007 National Intelligence Estimate that said Iran had given up working on a nuclear - bomb design ; they now think that low - level work may indeed be going on .
Spies like to say that their failures are known to the world , their successes hidden .
At least half of that is true beyond a doubt .
Thu , 2010 - 01-28
Den nederlandske politikeren Geert Wilders står nå for retten i Amsterdam , tiltalt for å ha krenket muslimer .
Wilders har i noen år vært kritisk til islam , og han har gitt uttrykk for det på en klar og tydelig måte .
Som resultat har mottatt et stort antall drapstrusler , og han lever med politibeskyttelse 24 timer i døgnet .
Det er en skandale at Wilders er blitt tiltalt , og i det tidligere så liberale Nederland .
Men enda verre vil det være hvis han blir dømt .
Dommen ligger dog noe frem i tid .
Wilders holdt en og åpningstale til retten ( talen kan sees her : http://www.document.no/2010/01/geert_wilders_apningstale_til.html ) , men det som er viktig for oss her og nå er at han har valgt en svært klok strategi i sitt forsvar .
Wilders skal ikke bare kjøre den linje at innenfor rammene av ytringsfriheten kan man gi uttrykk for de meningene man måtte ønske , men han setter seg også som mål å bevise at de negative ting han har sagt om islam er korrekte .
Han har forsøkt å få innkalt som vitner ikke bare eksperter på islam fra akademia , men også militante muslimer .
Vi synes dette er en god ide .
Vi siterer fra nettstedet Gates of Vienna ( på 1600 - tallet ble en invasjon fra islamske land nedkjempet ved Wiens porter , og nettstedets navn er tatt etter dette avgjørende slaget , et slag som reddet Vestens sivilisasjon ) :
“ … Geert Wilders want to call Arabist Hans Jansen to testify in Wilders ’ trial .
“ Jansen says that the Quran is drenched in violence .
That Islam is marked by violence , fear , coercion and obedience . ”
They further want to call Law Professor Afshin Ellian as a witness .
Ellian , who fled from Iran , is classified as an Islam - critic .
Furthermore , the legal counsel and law professor Theo de Roos ( who is of the opinion that there is “ little chance of a successful prosecution ” ) will be called as witness , and the criminal justice professor Henny Sackers .
Also mentioned on the list are the renowned experts on Islam Robert Spencer and Wafa Sultan , from the United States .
- - - - - - - - -
It was already known that Mohammed Bouyeri , the murderer of Theo van Gogh , would be called as a witness .
“ This man has expressed the hope that Wilders will be destroyed by Allah .
He then was in fully capable attribution .
If he had the chance , he would kill Theo van Gogh again ” .
But : The Public Prosecutor ( OM ) finds it unnecessary to call Mohammed Bouyeri as witness .
“ From the case against him it is known what he somewhat confusedly declares about Islam .
We do not attribute any authority to him on Islam . ”
The prosecution did agree , however , that Jneid Fawaz , imam of the Hague As - Sunnah - mosque , will be called as a witness to comment on the impact of Islam in society .
The senior Iranian clerics that Moszkovicz wants to call as witness are Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati , chairman of the powerful Council of the Guardians , Ayatollah Mohammed Jasdi , who is said to be the spiritual leader of the Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2010/01/partial-list-of-witnesses.html...
Vi støtter fullt ut Geerts Wilders rett til å gi uttrykkfor sine meninger .
Vi kan ikke si at vi deler dem alle , men ytringsfriheten innebærer at man trygt skal kunne gi uttrykk for alle de meninger man måtte ha .
Vi regner med at Wilders ikke vil bli dømt .
Men hvis han blir dømt er han ikke den første islamkritikeren I Europa som blir tiltalt eller dømt eller straffet på annen måte , for eksempel ved at militante muslimer tar loven i egne hender .
Her er noen av navnene på listen av islamkritikere som er blitt rammet på en eller annen måte : Salman Rushdie , dødsdømt fra Iran ( er dog fortsatt i live ) , Brigitte Bardot , bøtelagt for rasistiske uttaleser i Frankrike , Pim Fortuyn , drept av en dyreverner (! ) på gaten i Amsterdam , Theo van Gogh , drept på gaten i Amsterdam av en militant muslim , Oriana Fallaci , tiltalt i Italia , men hun døde før hun kunne bli dømt , Kurt Westergård , overlevde et attentat , Hege Storhaug , overfalt i sitt hjem på Tøyen .
Vi håper alts å at det ikke blir nødvendig å plassere navnet Geert Wilders på denne listen .
The appeal of Nerf toys has always been safety and the promotion of safe indoor play .
There are also those out there who collect Nerf weapons not for toying around , but for modifying them in to works of art .
These 12 Nerf weapons are just that ; impressive paint jobs , LED and body modifications as well as a few clever yesteryear concepts with a bundle of new Nerf .
You ca n’t shoot your eye out with these puppies !
Posted by David Galbraith
Follow @daveg
Advertisements
Tonight on his MSNBC program Countdown , host Keith Olbermann directed one of his quick comments towards Republican Massachusetts Senate candidate Scott Brown .
He said , “ In short , in Scott Brown we have an irresponsible , homophobic , racist , reactionary , ex nude model , teabagging supporter of violence against women … ”
Here is the video from MSNBC :
Advertisements
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Olbermann said of Brown , “ In short , in Scott Brown we have an irresponsible , homophobic , racist , reactionary , ex nude model , teabagging , supporter of violence against women , and against politicians with whom he disagrees .
In any other time in our history this man would have been laughed off the stage , as an unqualified , and a disaster in the making by the most conservative of conservatives .
Instead the Commonwealth of Massachusetts is close to sending this bad joke to the Senate of the United States . ”
I think that the Democrats only have themselves to blame for this mess .
They have a candidate in Coakley who has run a laughably bad campaign , and it seems like everyone involved thought that there was no way that this race could tighten .
No one will say it out loud , but Democrats certainly acted like they had this election in the bag .
If a candidate does not engage their potential supporters , they will lose .
It is that simple .
The Coakley campaign opened the door for Brown , who at the very least is a typically empty headed right winger who the GOP will be able to count on to do what he is told .
Olbermann made this guy sound like the anti-Christ , but part of Keith ’s shtick is exaggeration .
Should Scott Brown win tomorrow ’s special election , it would be because Massachusetts suddenly hates Barack Obama .
It wo n’t be because the state is going conservative .
It will be because voters are angry and the Democratic candidate has done nothing to address their anger .
In short , the Democrats by being tone deaf will gift a Senate seat to the GOP .
It 's become readily apparent that the Ottawa Senators media and fanbase have already begun welcoming Mike Brodeur with open arms , and there 's a reason for that : the team has been desperately seeking steady goaltending all season since it entered the league .
Admittedly , we here at Silver Seven have n't been much help , as we were among the first to anoint him with a nickname ( " Not Martin " ) and have not been hesitant to shower him with praise during his brief time with the Ottawa Senators .
However , there is a huge distinction between praising Not Martin for what he has accomplished and what we hope he accomplishes .
It 's one thing to say " this rookie has been fantastic for the Senators in goal so far " ( he has ) , it 's an entirely different thing to say that he is the goalie this team has been searching for ( he is n't ) .
Mike Brodeur simply has not proven himself in this league yet , and Senators fans need to realize this before he inevitably disappoints .
People should remember that many goalies come into this league and do extremely well for a few games , or perhaps even for a season .
The obvious names of Andrew Raycroft or Jim Carey pop out , but there are countless examples .
It 's not just that goaltenders go on hot streaks or get lucky , it 's also that a new goaltender has an advantage of being underscouted , and teams are unable to exploit their weaknesses .
As an example , a likely reason that Pascal Leclaire had such a stellar 2007 - 08 campaign is that teams were unable to exploit his weakness of pucks shot from the blueline without any sort of screen .
Mike Brodeur may have a 3 - 0 - 0 record , 1.00 GAA , and .970 SV % , but this is after three games .
The truth of the matter is that he has never played more than 38 games in a season at the AHL level because he 's often been relegated to split time in the AHL and ECHL .
His AHL record this year includes a 3.03 GAA and .892 SV % .
The man 's history indicates that what has happened right now is a guy playing above his head , and it 's almost certainly unsustainable .
Nevertheless , there are fans asCTV continues to run that poll asking if Brodeur should be named the Senators ' number one goalie , and the masses have answered with a fairly resounding yes :
I 'm not trying to take away from Not Martin 's spectacular start in a Senators uniform , nor do I hope he starts to play poorly .
If he goes to Faustian measures to maintain a .970 SV % and perfect win record , I 'll be extremely happy for our soulless goaltender .
All I 'm saying is that if Mike Brodeur happens to break down in net and lose a game or two , let 's not act surprised , okay ?
Because as the old saying goes , even Vesa Toskala gets a shutout once in a while .
MOSCOW , Jan. 26 , 2009  --
Moscow 's openly homophobic mayor has once again pledged to prevent his city from holding gay pride parades , calling homosexuality a " social plague . "
" For several years , Moscow has experienced unprecedented pressure to conduct a gay pride parade , which cannot be called anything but a satanic act , " Mayor Yury Luzhkov said Monday , according to the Interfax news agency .
" We have prevented such a parade and we will not allow it in the future .
Everyone needs to accept that as an axiom . "
Luzhkov compared " same - sex so - called love " to other " social plagues " like drug abuse and xenophobia , saying , " it is high time to crack down on them with all the power and justice of the law instead of talking about human rights . "
" We need a social whip or something like that , not a liberal ginger cake , " he added .
Luzhkov 's vitriol raised few eyebrows among gay activists ; they tried to sue him for libel in 2007 after the first time he promised to stop the " satanic " parade .
The campaigners lost the case .
" There was no surprise because we 're used to such comments from the mayor , " prominent gay rights activist and parade organizer Nikolai Alexeyev told ABC News .
" We do n't plan to make any changes , we are still going to [ hold the parade ] on the 29th of May . "
This will be the fifth year in a row a parade has been staged in Moscow , though they have never been approved by the city authorities .
Last year 's parade coincided with the ' Eurovision ' song contest and ended with arrests after marchers defied the ban and clashed with police .
Alexeyev is optimistic that the European Court on Human Rights will force Russia to allow this year 's parade in Moscow .
Homosexuality was decriminalized in Russia in 1993 but homophobia still runs deep .
Alexeyev blames it on the " hysteria " created by people like Luzhkov .
" The majority of gays and lesbians in Moscow have to conceal their identities to live their normal lives , " he said .
" They 're not open to their colleagues at work , in their studies at university . "
" It 's not very easy , and this is Moscow .
In the rest of the country the situation is much worse , there is no gay infrastructure .
Authorities there can be much more homophobic , " he added .
In October , a lesbian couple tried to become Russia 's first married gay couple but their application was turned down after the authorities cited the definition of marriage as being between a man and a woman .
The women married in Canada , but last week a Moscow court refused to recognize their marriage .
Despite the lack of tangible success , Alexeyev says the situation is improving little by little , most apparent in the way the issue is covered by the media , which is heavily controlled by the state .
After state - run television ran a story on the lesbian couple , " the report was so neutral , and in a way positive , that we were surprised , " he said .
Alexeyev believes it 's only a matter of time before homosexuality becomes more accepted in Russia and gay marriage is legalized .
However , " until the state does something to promote tolerance and understand that sexuality minorities are also an important group of minorities they have to protect , the situation will not change , " he says .
" We can't change the perception of society without the participation of the state . "
Nouriel Roubini , Professor of Economics at New York University 's Stern School of Business and Chairman of Roubini Macro Associates , was Senior Economist for International Affairs in the White House ’s Council of Economic Advisers during the Clinton Administration .
He has worked for the International Monetary Fund , the US Federal Reserve , and the World Bank .
His website is NourielRoubini.com , and he is the host of NourielToday.com .
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
Fourteen suspected terrorists died Tuesday night when the bus they rigged with explosives blew up prematurely , police said .
The explosion occurred as the suspects were riding the bus in the province of Kunduz , said police chief Abdul Raziq Yaqobi .
Yaqobi said the suspects wanted to attack Afghan police or foreign soldiers .
NEW YORK ( AdAge.com ) --
We 've become a nation of early adopters -- now can the consumer electronics industry lead the U.S. recovery ?
That 's what CE manufacturers ( who happen to include a few of the world 's biggest consumer marketers ) hope for as they gather in Las Vegas this week for the annual Consumer Electronics Show .
What are we looking for at CES ?
Here are 10 trends :
1. 3 - D TVS
Avatar is in theaters , but is there a James Cameron fanboy out there who will buy it on Blu-ray in plain old 2 - D? Maybe , but look for CE manufacturers to promise a coming generation of sets with 3 - D capability in hopes of getting a piggyback effect on the $ 150 million spent marketing the film .
There 's a lot separating vapor from reality on this one , including that there is no established format for home 3 - D , but that wo n't stop set manufacturers from claiming they 're close .
2. E-READERS
Record sales for the Amazon 's Kindle and print publishers ' hopes for subscription dollars make the segment one of the hotter sectors at this year 's CES .
The one to watch for will come from Plastic Logic , which is using the show to introduce its
Que reader , which promises newspaper and magazine publishers a better share of revenue and more subscriber information than the Kindle .
Others in the e-reader fray include Entourage Systems , which will show off a two - screened device that combines an e-reader and a netbook , not to mention Aluratek 's Libre , the Astak EZ Reader , Booken 's Cybook Opus , Interead 's Cool-er , and the Western Graphics PocketBook .
3. NETBOOKS
They were the rage at last year 's show and the industry is bracing for another tsunami of these low - cost , net - connected laptops running Intel 's Atom processor .
But the bigger story here is the impact of Google 's Chrome operating system designed to optimize Google 's free cloud apps such as Docs and Gmail .
Google is working with hardware manufacturers , and TechCrunch believes that in addition to developing its own phone ( see trend No. 8 ) , Google will build , market and sell its own branded netbook by the end of the year .
4. PAID CONTENT
Content generally takes a backseat at CES , but this year the show devotes an entire day - long track , called " Content , Creativity and Cash , " to emerging paid models for content and how net - connected TVs , e-readers , tablets and mobile phones enable this new ecosystem .
Not surprising : CBS and NBC Universal both have big stakes in how the CE industry interacts with content and both have huge roles in this year 's show , the former as owner of CNET and the latter as official TV sponsor ( CNBC broadcasts from the floor ) .
5. WHAT WILL APPLE DO ?
The world believes Apple will roll out a tablet computer in February , and that will cast a long shadow over the first generation of e-readers and netbooks on display at CES .
But more significant than the hardware will be the paid - content models it could enable for newspapers , magazines , TV and film .
Paid , iTunes - like downloads are an obvious feature , but Apple is reported to be negotiating a subscription service for TV which could change everything .
6. CONNECTED CARS
Ford CEO
Allan Mullaly takes the opening CES keynote this year to tout the next generation of Ford 's Sync system , but that 's just the tip of the iceberg of the new auto technologies for handling media , directions , communications and even car diagnostics .
But just as car tech reaches fever pitch , so too does growing concern of the impact of all this technology on , well , actual driving .
Congressional hearings are scheduled on " driving while distracted , " which is quickly becoming the new drunk driving .
So expect CE and auto companies to pitch their tech as enhancing , rather than handicapping driver skills .
7. REAL -TIME WEB
The real - time web arrived in 2009 so we foresee a deluge of new applications that make the stream of Twitter , Facebook and Foursquare updates relevant and useful to consumers and marketers .
Included in this are location - based applications that deliver both locally relevant information ( and marketing ) to individuals and all the requisite privacy concerns .
8. MOBILE
With no new iPhone to jawbone about , the spotlight will be on Google 's Android and the host of new applications unveiled in December , including visual search such as Google Goggles .
Adding to the din will be speculation over the Google - branded phone , Nexus One , rumored to be unveiled with T - Mobile in January .
9. GREEN TECH
Last year Greenpeace singled out members of the CE industry for " green " marketing claims that have little or no basis in reality .
This year , device makers are cranking up the green claims with low - power devices , solar chargers and home energy monitors .
CNET reports that there will be 30 exhibitors in CES 's Sustainable Planetzone this year , up from 20 in 2009 .
10 . ERR , RECOVERY ?
Fueled by both the business - upgrade cycle and by consumer discretionary spending , consumer electronics are a bellweather for the economy .
So , how 's the economy doing ?
We already know consumers are willing to spend more for a web - connected phone , but what will make them consider a new flat - screen ?
Watch for marketers to presume ( actually , hope ) that the worst is over and that the economy can only get better from here .
~ ~ ~
Contributing : Nat Ives , Brian Steinberg
Randy “ Big Unit ” Johnson Retires
After a career that spanned 22 years with six different teams , Randy “ Big Unit ” Johnson has announced that he is retiring from baseball .
He is 46 .
He is a left - handed starting pitcher .
His records upon retirement stands at a win-loss record 303 - 166 , strikeouts at 4,875 and a run average of 3.29 .
He is also a member of the All - Star selection ten times , pitched a no-hitter for Seattle against Detroit last June 1990 , strikeout leader for nine years , one of the two MVPs in the 2001 World Series , a member of the 2001 World Series champion team ( Arizona Diamondbacks ) , received the 2001 Babe Ruth Award , won the Cy Young Award five times , pitched the 17th of only 19 perfect games ( and the oldest to do so ) in May 2004 and has defeated every Major League Team at least once .
He guest starred in The Simpsons in its March 19 , 2006 episode “ Bart Has Two Mommies . ”
The six - foot - ten - inches tall player was once the tallest player in Major League Baseball history .
He now ranks second along with Chris Young and Andrew Sisco .
Jon Rauch is now tallest at 6 ’ 11 ” .
Ha gained the nickname “ Big Unit ” in 1998 when Tim Raines exclaimed “ You ’re a Big Unit ” after they collided in a game .
He played for the following teams : Montreal Expos , Seattle Mariners , Houston Astros , Arizona Diamondbacks , New York Yankees and San Francisco Giants .
Kevin Winter / Getty Images
UFC 108 was deemed successful by the UFC and MMA fans as the show had a lot of exciting submissions as well as knockouts .
Rashad Evans was able to defeat Thiago Silva in the main event by unanimous decision , and he will most likely face Quinton " Rampage " Jackson in a few months .
If Evans is able to defeat Jackson , he might get another shot at the UFC light heavyweight title currently held by Lyoto Machida .
Paul Daley made quick work of Dustin Hazelett last Saturday night and he will be facing stiffer competition in his next fight .
Josh Koscheck would be a very intriguing match - up .
It would be a classic match - up of striker vs. grappler .
Can Daley keep the fight standing against a standout wrestler like Koscheck ?
Other interesting match - ups for Daley would be Anthony " Rumble " Johnson or Ben Saunders .
Daley is only 5 '9 , but he did not have any problems against the taller Hazelett .
It would be interesting to see if he would have problems with the length of Johnson and Saunders .
Johnson is 6 '2 and Saunders is 6'3 .
Sam Stout was very impressive in his win against Joe Lauzon .
His stand - up looked very crisp , and his takedown defense was very good .
The UFC should have Stout fight Phillipe Novar .
These two were scheduled to fight last year , but Novar suffered a seizure before their fight and the fight had to be cancelled .
A fight against Sean Sherk would be interesting as well .
Would Stout be able to stuff
Sherk 's takedowns ?
Another winner at UFC 108 was Jim Miller .
Miller was scheduled to face Sherk , but Sherk had to pull out due to an injury .
The UFC could have Sherk and Miller fight again or give Miler another opponent such as Clay Guida .
Heavyweight contender Junior Dos Santos won by TKO over Gilbert Yvel , and he is on track to fight for the heavyweight title if he can defeat another top heavyweight fighter .
A fight between Cain Velasquez and Dos Santos would be ideal .
Velasquez is also a top contender in the heavyweight division , and this fight would eliminate one fighter from title contention .
Last week , an Israeli - American lawyer , Shamai Leibowitz , pled guilty to leaking to an unidentified blogger five classified documents Leibowitz obtained while working as a Hebrew translator for the FBI .
FBI leaker should have raised flags
A former FBI linguist ’s guilty plea for leaking secret documents has become a black eye for the law enforcement agency and signals a breakdown in the security clearance process there , according to lawyers who track clearance issues .
“ It ’s a big embarrassment for the FBI , ” said Sheldon Cohen , a Virginia attorney who represents employees who are denied clearances .
Advertisement
Last week , an Israeli - American lawyer , Shamai Leibowitz , pled guilty to leaking to an unidentified blogger five classified documents Leibowitz obtained while working as a Hebrew translator for the FBI from January through August of this year .
Court records also said that four documents classified as “ secret ” were found in an August search of Leibowitz ’s Silver Spring home .
Leibowitz held a top - secret clearance , the filings said .
But Leibowitz , 39 , seems an unlikely candidate for a top U.S. security clearance .
After news of the charges against him broke , it took reporters only minutes to track down news articles reporting that he was fired from a legal clerkship in Israel and was publicly chastised by a court there for leaking a judge ’s private comments .
Experts were also puzzled that someone with a long history of public activism on polarizing issues would wind up working for U.S. law enforcement in a classified environment and be granted access to sensitive information .
A quick Google search reveals Leibowitz ’s public life as an activist and also the frequent controversy that his views incited .
Born into a famous family of Israeli Torah scholars and intellectuals , Leibowitz was a Yeshiva student whose experience as a tank commander in the Israeli military during the second intifada horrified him .
After that , he wrote and advocated frequently in articles , blogs and public appearances for Israeli soldiers to refuse to serve in the West Bank and Gaza , and at one time supported U.S. divestment from Israel , a view that he later changed .
“ I think whoever was doing the vetting on him did n’t do their job , ” Cohen said .
“ This guy sounds like just a real loose cannon on the deck .
How could he slip through ? ”
Cohen said Leibowitz ’s guilty plea shows that the FBI should have taken note of reports in 1999 in the Israeli newspapers Ha’aretz and the Jerusalem Post that Leibowitz was publicly rebuked by an Israeli Supreme Court justice for disclosing another judge ’s comments .
“ What he did and what he was reported to have done then are exactly the same .
He violated confidences because he thought he knew more , he knew better , ” Cohen said .
The FBI said it was reviewing the episode , including whether the agency ’s clearance process was handled properly .
“ In any case where it is learned that either one of our full - time employees or contract employees has willfully compromised sensitive data , a thorough internal review is automatically conducted to learn the full scope of the information compromised and to identify potential gaps in access control policy and personnel security clearance procedures , ” FBI spokesman Paul Bresson told POLITICO .
Leibowitz ’s attorney , Cary Feldman , declined to comment for this article .
It is n’t clear if the fact that Leibowitz legally changed his name in Montgomery County ( Md. ) in August 2008 from Shamai Kedem Leibowitz to Samuel Shamai Leibowitz might have contributed to the FBI apparently overlooking signs of his potential unsuitability for a classified assignment .
Federal records show that Leibowitz had previously worked on contract for the State Department in 2006 as a Hebrew teacher at the Foreign Service Institute .
Associates said that Leibowitz lost the job after ideological enemies learned of where he was working and complained in Israeli press reports that he had no business teaching American diplomats about Israel .
Some lawyers said the top - secret clearance awarded to Leibowitz , who describes himself as an Israeli - American , was particularly puzzling because Americans who are also Israeli citizens frequently face clearance denials and delays because of concerns they might harbor an allegiance to Israel .
“ I ’m very surprised he got the clearance , ” said David Schoen , an Atlanta lawyer who helped an employee of a defense contractor win back a clearance he lost because of ties to Israel .
“ I do n’t mean to say I think dual citizens of America and Israel should get extra scrutiny , but given our case and our experience they do .
But forget the dual citizen issues , he ’s a character .
There were some warning signs here , not that he would take information and pass it to the Israeli government , but just the opposite . … I think it ’s bizarre . ”
Interviews with associates of Liebowitz in Israel and the US , as well as a review of Leibowitz ’s writings , suggest a person who does not fit easily in the various communities in which he has a foothold .
The grandson of a famous Torah scholar , Orthodox and left wing , Leibowitz alienated some Israelis when , as part of PLO leader Marwan Barghouti ’s 2002 criminal defense team , he likened the Palestinian ’s targeting of Israelis in terrorist attacks to Moses killing an Egyptian .
The radicalism of some of his positions have put him on the fringe of the left - leaning Mideast peace camp .
Last year , Leibowitz wrote a letter to the Washington Post advocating a one - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Most Jews , even those on the left , recoil at that idea .
“ As an Orthodox Jew , Shamai is also in a minority in his own community , which tends to be very hawkish , ” one American pro-peace blogger friend of Leibowitz ’s said on condition of anonymity .
“ He has suffered a great deal of ostracism as a result of this . ”
“ He is a wonderful , thoughtful , passionate person , ” the activist continued .
“ Shamai is a fearless advocate for peace between Israel and the Arabs . …
Whatever happened in this case was no doubt motivated by his wish to see a peaceful resolution of this conflict . ”
The friend declined to speculate on the charges .
Leibowitz “ is a good guy who fouled up , ” said another friend , declining to discuss case details because Leibowitz has n’t been sentenced yet .
The friend said that all the media speculation about the nature of what was leaked so far has been “ cold , cold , cold . ”
Another associate , apparently familiar with the nature of the leak , told associates only that it was not that spectacular , something many U.S. foreign policy watchers likely came across on the unidentified blog in question and probably thought was not a big deal .
“ It ’s not what he [ leaked ] , it was that he leaked , ” is how the associate characterized what occurred in April .
Another Israeli - born friend told POLITICO that Leibowitz contacted him in September , saying he was in trouble at work because of his past political beliefs , and asking him to please remove a link on his blog to a legal analysis he had written in January concerning the Israeli military campaign in Gaza .
The post was a legal interpretation that told Israeli soldiers , especially those with computer and IT duties , that they had a duty under international law not only to disobey orders that would kill civilians , but to use , if available , nonviolent measures to disrupt operations .
According to an e-mail seen by POLITICO , Leibowitz later contacted another associate in November , also asking him to remove another article Leibowitz had co-written concerning Israeli occupation - related matters .
“ Because I am working in a very sensitive position for the government , I do not want my views published on the web , ” Leibowitz wrote .
Strangely , Leibowitz wrote in the November e-mail that he was working for the government in a sensitive job .
But according to the Justice Department , Leibowitz stopped working for the FBI in August .
Cohen said it ’s possible that the background check uncovered at least some of Leibowitz ’s personal and professional history and that the FBI concluded none of it was disqualifying .
While representing an accused terrorist such as Barghouti is highly unpopular in Israel , it is not the same as conspiring with one .
Indeed , defense lawyers in U.S. terrorism and espionage cases are sometimes granted top - secret clearances to handle those trials .
“ Maybe nothing stuck out under their guidelines except that he ’d supported unpopular causes .
Every lawyer sooner or later supports unpopular causes .
Everyone I represent has done something to make them unpopular , ” Cohen said .
Leibowitz , who has agreed to serve 20 months in jail over the document leak , is scheduled to be sentenced March 3 .
The US president has pledged to improve the lives of Native Americans .
But he faces huge challenges , such as those on Pine Ridge Indian reservation where unemployment is more than 80 % , the average wage is £ 4,400 – and life expectancy is 50
Indian country begins where the serene prairie of Custer county gives way to the formidable rock spires marking out South Dakota 's rugged Badlands .
The road runs straight until the indistinguishable , clapboard American homesteads fade from view and the path climbs into a landscape sharpened by an eternity of wind and water .
At this time of year , the temperature slides to tens of degrees below freezing and a relentless gale sets the snow dancing on the road , a whirligig of white blotting out the black of the asphalt .
The first marker that this may be a part of the United States but is also apart from it , virtually invisible to most Americans , comes as the road descends on to the plains of the Pine Ridge Indian reservation .
Here , an abandoned , half - wrecked mobile home , daubed with the name of a Sioux rebel who led the last armed showdown between the tribe and US authorities nearly four decades ago , stands as a monument to defiance and despair .
The signal from South Dakota 's Christian radio fades as an agitated caller elaborates on her belief that God created global warming as a taste of the fires of hell awaiting humanity .
After a time the reservation 's own station struggles through .
The tribe 's president , Theresa Two Bulls , is on air lamenting the death of a schoolboy , Joshua Kills Enemy , who hanged himself the day before .
His funeral will be the second of the week , coming days after a 14 - year - old girl took her own life in the same way .
They are not the first .
Two Bulls wonders how it can be that the Oglala Sioux tribe 's children are killing themselves .
" We must hug our children , we must tell them we love them .
A lot of these youth do not get a hug a day .
They are never told that they 're loved .
We need to start being parents and grandparents to them , " she says .
Two days later , Two Bulls declares a " suicide state of emergency " in response to the deaths of the children and a spate of attempts by others to kill themselves , such as Delia Big Boy , who was 15 when she put a rope around her neck and came close to taking her own life .
" It had a lot to do with my parents and alcohol abuse and what they say to you .
The things they say make you think they do n't love you , " says the high school student , who is now 17 .
" I hear the same thing from my friends .
There 's a sense of hopelessness on the reservation .
There 's just not a sense of belonging .
There 's not a sense of a future .
There 's alcoholism .
The parents drink .
A lot of the children drink . "
In declaring the state of emergency , Two Bulls says that the deaths of the children are a symptom of a wider crisis that has taken hold of generations of Oglala Sioux , and this is certainly true .
More than 100 people , mostly adults , tried or succeeded in taking their own lives on Pine Ridge reservation last year .
" This is about how defeated our people feel .
There 's hopelessness out there , " Two Bulls tells me later .
" People across the United States do n't realise we could be identified as the third world .
Our living conditions , what we have to live with , what we have to make do with .
People think we are living high off the hog on welfare and casinos .
I 've asked them – US congressional people , US secretaries of these departments who deal with us – come out to our reservation , see firsthand how we live , why we live that way .
Find out why our children are killing themselves .
Learn who we are . "
Pine Ridge is among the US 's largest Indian reservations – much smaller than the vast plains of the midwest that the Sioux once roamed but still bigger than England 's largest county – and also among its poorest .
No one is sure how many people live on its 2.2 m acres , but the tribe estimates about 45,000 .
Conditions on the reservation are tough .
More than 80 % unemployment .
A desperate shortage of housing – on average , more than 15 people live in each home and others get by in cars and trailers .
More than one - third of homes lacking running water or electricity .
An infant mortality rate at three times the US national average .
And a dependency on alcohol and a diet so poor that half the population over the age of 40 is diabetic .
The Oglala Sioux 's per capita income is around $ 7,000 ( £ 4,400 ) a year , less than one - sixth of the national average and on a par with Bulgaria .
The residents of Wounded Knee , scene of the notorious 1890 massacre of Sioux women and children and of the 1973 standoff with the FBI , are typically living on less than half of that .
Young people have almost no hope of work unless they sign up to fight in Afghanistan .
The few with jobs are almost all employed by the tribal authorities or the federal government .
It is not uncommon to hear people quietly speak of the guilt they feel for having a job .
Those who do n't survive on pitifully small welfare cheques .
It all adds up to a life expectancy on Pine Ridge of about only 50 years .
The myth of prosperity
This is not how most Americans see the reservations .
The Great Sioux Nation and the region it once ranged across are fixed in the popular imagination by the legends of Sitting Bull and Crazy Horse , of Custer 's last stand at the Battle of Little Bighorn , and Wounded Knee .
It 's a history the Oglala Sioux constantly assert to remind themselves of past greatness and what they believe they are owed .
But the modern perception among many Americans is also of tribes growing rich on casinos and Native Americans living well from treaties that require the US government to provide subsidised housing , free healthcare and regular welfare cheques .
Close to a million people live on the US 's 310 Native American reservations ( exact figures are hard to pin down because the census is considered widely inaccurate on many of them ) .
Some tribes have done well from a boom in casinos on the reservations , such as the Seminoles in Florida who made enough money from high - stakes bingo to pay close to $ 1bn to buy the Hard Rock Cafe and hotel empire .
Other tribes have made a more modest but comfortable income from gambling , but the key for almost all of them was to be close enough to major cities to keep the slot machines busy and the card tables full .
Others pull in an income from tourism and minerals .
Affirmative action programmes have opened university doors and jobs in the cities to the Navajo , Cherokee and other tribes .
But the leaders of many of the country 's 564 recognised tribes speak of communities in crisis and they are pressing President Obama to make good on promises to turn their lives around .
Obama faces a challenge meeting that commitment , in the midst of a deep economic crisis .
But he has responded by appointing Native Americans to some key positions , assigning billions of dollars of additional spending to health , education and policing and , recently , by calling the first of what he promises will be an annual White House summit with Indian tribal leaders .
At it he acknowledged that the reservations face a struggle born of a history of broken treaties , neglect and discrimination .
" Few have been more marginalised and ignored by Washington for as long as Native Americans , our first Americans .
You were told your lands , your religion , your cultures , your languages were not yours to keep , " he said .
" I know what it means to feel ignored and forgotten , and what it means to struggle . "
The Sioux 's treaties with the US government in the second half of the 19th century were similar to those of other tribes in that they were frequently broken as an expanding America sought more land for railways , mining and farming , and battered Native Americans into ceding ever more territory in return for promises of financial support .
Defeated and dispossessed , the Sioux signed treaties that committed Washington to providing housing , education and health care .
But the tribe 's leaders today view the treaties as a trap – promising much but providing just enough to create a culture of dependency and despair .
" The government wanted us to feel defeated and we played right in to their hands , " says Two Bulls .
" We were taught to feel defeated .
Look how they brought welfare and our people lived on welfare and some of our people do n't even know how to work .
They 're used to just staying at home all day , watching TV and drinking and taking drugs .
That 's the state the government wanted us to be in and we 're in it . "
Poverty and overcrowding
It is a state Adelle Brown Bull has spent her life resisting , not always with success .
The 69 - year - old great - grandmother is still in the same tribal - owned house she raised her eight children in , and some of them never moved out .
Today the two - bedroomed home is stuffed with grandchildren and great - grandchildren .
She sits at her kitchen table , the green wall behind her dotted with photographs of the generations of babies .
Some of the pictures are so old they are in black and white .
Among those living with Brown Bull are a daughter and her three children who are all in their 20s .
Two of the granddaughters have several children of their own , one of them a baby .
There 's another grandchild , nine - year - old Michael , who Brown Bull is raising after his mother in effect abandoned him when he was 10 months old .
The numbers fluctuate but there is anywhere between eight and 15 people sleeping in the house at any one time .
None of the occupants has a job .
Brown Bull gets a pension of $ 538 ( £ 337 ) a month , plus $ 323 ( £ 202 ) for caring for Michael .
The other mothers in the house get welfare cheques of a few hundred dollars a month .
" We just manage , " Brown Bull says , laughing .
The house shows its age and the wear and tear of so many residents .
The tribal housing authority has just replaced the window frames because they were letting so much wind in .
But it is almost impossible to heat the house , a common problem on the reservation where residents typically nail plastic over the outside of their windows in the winter as insulation .
Brown Bull 's house was built in the wake of President John F Kennedy 's pledge to include Native American reservations in the US public housing programme .
That led to a boom in construction through the 60s and 70s , when many of Pine Ridge 's homes were put up .
But in the 80s , Ronald Reagan shifted public housing policy dramatically away from new construction .
These days , Pine Ridge relies on a $ 10 m - a - year housing grant from Congress that is only enough to pay for the most basic maintenance – such as combating the poisonous black mould that infects many of the houses – and the construction of about 40 new homes each year .
Which is far from enough .
" When you get two or three families living in a house , it affects the whole way of life here – education , health , " says Paul Iron Cloud , a former Pine Ridge president and now head of its housing authority .
" Our people have a tendency to take people in , maybe their relatives who do n't have no place to go .
So they all share that house . "
Last year , the federal government offered to fulfil part of its treaty obligations by selling the tribe old houses from an airforce base , no longer considered fit for service personnel , at a dollar each .
The Pine Ridge authorities agreed but when the houses arrived they were charged $ 25,000 for the removal costs of each one – and then discovered the buildings were badly battered , with walls torn off and windows smashed in .
The houses sit in a yard to this day , giving the impression of having been torn up by their roots .
Two Bulls regards overcrowded , bad housing as an important part of the explanation for the loss of self - worth .
Brown
Bull sees it in her own family .
Among the baby pictures on the wall are photographs of two grandchildren serving in the military .
" That one 's signed on for a few more years , " says Brown Bull , pointing to a young woman in a smart army uniform .
" She 's in Afghanistan now .
She says she might as well stay in the military because there 's nothing for her here .
No job .
The only place she can live is with me .
I have another grandson in the army in Afghanistan .
He says the same thing . "
Most of this goes unnoticed in the rest of America .
" Some of them still think we live in teepees , " says Alison Yellow Hair , a former shipyard worker wrapped up in a thick coat inside her freezing caravan .
" Since we own the land they think we 're rich and we should n't have to be working .
We should be living high off the hog .
I got a lot of that down there at the shipyards .
You 're Indian , are n't you ?
Yeah .
Do n't you get a cheque every week ?
Jeez , if I got a cheque every week I would n't be down here busting my ass for a pay cheque or trying to keep up with my health insurance payments . "
Now she is back in Pine Ridge , Yellow Hair and her husband , Walter , do get a cheque from the tribe 's general assistance fund – $ 117 ( £ 73 ) between them each week .
They live in a small caravan cocooned behind a pile of cardboard boxes and plastic trunks stuffed with clothes and furniture that cannot fit in to the cramped home , plastic sheeting protecting it all against the snow .
Inside , there is little more than a few cooking utensils , a tiny heater that stays off most of the time and a large pile of blankets and duvets that they wrap themselves in to keep warm after the sun goes down and the temperature sinks to - 35C ( - 30 F ) with the wind chill .
There 's no running water and no electricity .
" The heater runs on kerosene , " says Walter .
" Two gallons costs $ 25 .
We can use that in two days if we leave it on . "
Walter used to work as a janitor until the tribal authorities laid off staff five years ago .
He has n't found a job since .
Alison built ships in Oregon .
" I did 10 years in the shipyards before I came home and I 've been home about 10 years .
Have n't really been able to get a steady job since I moved back .
Ca n't make my money like I used to .
Got hurt on the job while I was at the shipyards .
I was leaning back on a catwalk because a boilermaker went off to get some more welding rods and the safety guy that was supposed to take care of us stepped on me and pinned my arm .
His weight was 250 lb and he pushed my arm down on that metal catwalk and it messed up my arm and shoulder ever since . "
There are jobs to be had but they are mostly working for the tribe in one form or another .
One of the largest employers is the tribal - owned Prairie Wind Casino alongside the road between Pine Ridge town and the huge tourist draw of Mount Rushmore .
The casino was built in an attempt to replicate the small fortunes made by other tribes but it is a sad affair , too isolated to make real money .
On a cold winter night there is no one at the card tables and most of those playing the slots come from the reservation .
The curse of alcohol
The streets of Pine Ridge , the town that carries the same name as the reservation , are dead at night .
Aside from a Pizza Hut and a recently opened Subway sandwich bar , there is not much open as dusk falls .
What street life there is occurs in Whiteclay , a few steps across the reservation 's border with neighbouring Nebraska .
Whiteclay has a couple of dozen registered residents but no school , church or community centre .
There 's only one street , the main road due south .
And there is only one type of business along the 50 metres that makes up the town : alcohol .
A bar and three liquor stores , all rotting , dilapidated buildings , sell more than 4 m cans and bottles of cheap beer and rough , powerful malt liquor each year .
Almost all of it is to people from Pine Ridge , where alcohol has long been banned .
A woman stands almost motionless a few steps from the door to State Line Liquor , rocking back and forth as if straining to make that last lunge toward the store .
She is badly underdressed for the biting cold and snow , yet seemingly impervious .
Her face is bloated , her eyes unfocused .
A few metres away two men have passed out in the street .
Other Sioux step past to load their pick - up trucks with Hurricane , a powerful malt liquor glorified in gangsta rap songs that alcohol - dependence groups in major American cities have tried to curb because of the social devastation it has caused among minority communities .
Heading back across the state border , a large round sign greets arrivals : " Alcohol is not allowed on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation . "
Possession is an arrestable office , as is intoxication .
But the Pine Ridge police captain , Ron Duke , concedes the law has done little to deter the problem .
" At one point we thought about putting up a border there , making people stop at that border to check 'em .
But we have all these outlying roads and trails that people use and we 'd probably be defeating our own purpose .
We do n't want to be like the Mexican border where we have to put a fence up all around , " he says .
Duke is bitter at what he sees as the cynicism of the store owners .
" See how rundown that place is ?
But the people who own those bars are millionaires .
We made them millionaires , the people here .
Yet they treat us that way , " he says .
" I 've been in law enforcement for 25 years .
People I used to take to jail , their kids and now their grandkids , I 'm dealing with them .
I 'd say a majority of the problems we 're having right now , 90 % of it is because of alcohol .
We do n't really have an economy where people have the opportunity to get a job .
People have to live off a welfare grant or whatever 's available for them .
That really makes it tough on our people .
Then they turn to alcohol , they turn to violence . "
Brown Bull sees the effects in her street .
" Every other house is a bootlegger .
You can watch them and see who goes to where .
One day I was opening my curtain in the bedroom and I heard some boys laughing .
There was three boys , 10 to 12 years old , standing right next door .
They had a big old bottle going around .
I thought , my goodness , these little boys should n't be drinking .
They should n't be selling to these boys .
I did n't like that at all .
If you go down the road , in the back between the houses , there 's so much broken bottles back there , " she says .
In theory , possession of alcohol is severely punished .
The law allows prison sentences of six months to a year for keeping or selling beer .
But it 's more common for those arrested to be held overnight and fined $ 25 court costs – a fraction of the money they make from selling beer .
That might be about to change .
Like much of the rest of America , the Oglala Sioux have decided that the way to deal with crime is to spend scarce resources on bigger prisons .
The reservation authorities have built a new 280 - cell jail to replace the old prison that crammed up to 200 inmates in to 25 cells .
It 's likely that many of the young will end up there .
Rampant alcoholism has created a raft of problems , but none more serious than the alienation of the tribe 's young people .
Hundreds have retreated in to gangs modelled on the black and Latino ones of Los Angeles and Chicago , with names such as the Nomads and Indian Mafia .
The gangs are part of a surge in violent crime .
" Parents and grandparents are afraid of their own kids , " says Duke .
" They 're taking their money for drugs and alcohol .
Parents can't control their own children .
They attack their own relatives for money . "
Others , of course , find release by taking their own lives .
Delia Big
Boy only survived because she was discovered in time .
" They found me and I got sent to the hospital , " she says , her voice breaking .
" When I did that , my Auntie , she came and talked to me and she invited me in to her home .
I 've been living with her since .
That changed a lot . "
These days Big Boy counsels other young people as part of the Sweetgrass network which encourages children in despair to call or send text messages .
" I get calls all the time from friends and others .
Usually it 's because of the way their parents treat them .
They do n't feel loved .
Our parents are not always good parents on this reservation , " she says .
" I tell them to focus on their big dreams about college and the military .
I want to go to university to study chemistry . "
Rash of suicides
The 14 year - old girl , Mariah Montileaux , who was buried – in her traditional dance dress – just days before 16 - year - old Joshua Kills Enemy , had made no secret of her plans to kill herself .
" The mother knew this girl was attempting to commit suicide , " says Duke .
" Everybody knew yet nobody knew what to do with her , how to help her .
Whether or not anybody could have helped her , that 's what she wanted to do .
She made it known : I 'm going to kill myself . "
After Kills Enemy 's death , the Pine Ridge high school principal , Robert Cook , surveyed students and concluded that one in five of the 370 pupils were at risk .
Nine were immediately taken to the Indian Health Service because of what Cook described as " impending suicide " .
Duke 's men are frequently the ones to cut the victims down .
" The hardest ones are the kids .
The deaths are disturbing but so are the funerals , " he says .
" At the funerals you see the glamorised attention they get .
They 've got their names written all over the windows in honour of this kid because he took his life .
Kids see that .
Kids want attention .
This is how they 're going to get attention .
I 've heard them say : when I go , I hope that 's how they honour me . "
In fact , Native Americans teenagers are more likely to kill themselves than any other minority group .
Some statistics show the rate at three times the national average .
But those figures shield the fact that self - harm is most likely to occur on poorer reservations , such as Pine Ridge and neighbouring Rosebud ; here rates are far higher .
The tribal government is attempting to entice businesses to the reservation , including a wind farm .
One local entrepreneur is building an increasingly successful business shipping buffalo and cranberry health bars around the country .
But Two Bulls and other Oglala Sioux leaders know that it will take the kind of money that only the federal government can provide to begin to turn the situation around : their hopes are pinned on Obama , who has told them : " You will not be forgotten as long as I 'm in this White House . "
Two Bulls believes him .
" It 's just like we 're being held down and my message every time I go to Washington DC is we are a government , a nation , right in your backyard , and you should be treating us like that but you 're not , " she says .
" But this administration is different .
They 're listening .
I got the sense of understanding from these people . "
Iron Cloud , the former reservation president , says he too believes Obama but intends to ensure he does n't forget his promise .
" What I feel is kinda like a light at the end of the tunnel where the Obama administration is looking at some new beginnings for the minorities and the poor people to have some jobs and give more money to education .
Just taking care of our people in a better way than they have been .
" Obama understands , but then there 's Congress .
If we can get enough of our tribal leaders – and I 'm talking 500 tribes coming together and flooding the halls of Congress – and just say to them that it 's time to take a good look at Indian tribes .
We were the first Americans – and I know it'd have an impact . "
Chris McGreal is the Guardian 's Washington correspondent .
Ali al - Naimi Reuters CAIRO ( AP )  Saudi Arabia 's oil minister said Saturday that current global oil prices are " perfect , " as several key Arab OPEC members indicated the group was unlikely to change output levels when it meets later this month .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries , which supplies roughly 35 % of the world 's crude , has held its quotas unchanged since last year 's record 4.2 million barrels per day in cuts .
" The price is perfect , " said Saudi Oil Minister Ali Naimi , whose country sits atop the world 's largest proven oil reserves and is OPEC 's most influential member .
Speaking on the sidelines of the annual meeting of the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries , Naimi said the market is stable and " volatility is at a minimum . "
Since last December , OPEC has focused on boosting compliance with output quotas of its 12 member states .
The group 's approach has helped oil prices rebound to almost $ 80 per barrel recently , after they collapsed last year as the world 's worst recession in decades sapped demand for crude .
The benchmark crude oil contract for January delivery settled at $ 75.47 a barrel on Friday on the New York Mercantile Exchange , hitting a seven - week low on high global inventories and the strong dollar .
Ministers from several key Arab OPEC nations , however , indicated that they were satisfied with the current market situation and said it was unlikely the group would change quota levels at its Dec. 22 meeting in Luanda , Angola .
" No , no , no , I do n't expect anything , " said Shukri Ghanem , the head of Libya 's National Oil Corp . who serves as the North African nation 's de facto oil minister .
" I think because ... of the market situation , because of the fluctuation of the market , we do n't expect any change in the quota . "
Ministers from Kuwait , Algeria and Qatar echoed those sentiments .
Kuwaiti oil minister Sheik Ahmed Al Abdullah Al Sabah said he believes there is a consensus among the Arab OPEC members that there will be no major changes .
Sheik Ahmed said , however , he was dissatisfied with current compliance with production targets by some OPEC countries , stressing that level needed to be above 65 % but was now near 60 % .
He did not say who was overproducing .
The comments came against a backdrop of broader concerns by oil producers that an upcoming international climate change summit in Copenhagen — aimed at brokering an agreement on emissions reductions — could be used to undermine interests of oil producers .
Oil producers worry they are being scapegoated , and that the net result of any agreement will come at their expense amid a push to reduce dependence on crude , their chief export .
Saudi Arabia has said it would like to see some sort of compensation paid to producers , a sentiment that appears to have found support among some other OPEC members .
" They 're already proposing how to increase tax on ... gasoline " and other petroleum products , " said Qatari Oil Minister Abdullah bin Hamad al - Attiyah .
OPEC has said it wants to see crude in the $ 70 - $ 80 per barrel range , a level which Saudi Arabia 's king had first indicated was high enough to encourage producers to continue their work while not shocking the world 's economy .
The producer bloc 's efforts to bring global crude stocks down have been somewhat undermined , however , by eroding compliance by some of its members — a slippage that has become more pronounced as oil prices climbed .
The overwhelming majority of OPEC nations rely on oil revenues for as much as 90 % of their foreign revenues , and higher prices have encouraged the more cash - strapped member - states to boost their output .
Libya's Ghanem said that he believed the group will " have to call for more compliance by OPEC members because there is some ... excess production . "
An OPEC report last month said the group , excluding Iraq which is not bound by quotas , produced roughly 26.5 million barrels per day in October .
That is about 1.5 million barrels per day above their production target .
Naimi voiced satisfaction with the current situation , however , saying that " inventories are coming down . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
What are the best book covers of 2009 ?
Over at The Book Design Review , Joseph Sullivan ’s always interesting blog , they ’re starting to count down the year ’s best .
He ’ll publish his own favorites soon .
But for now , Mr. Sullivan has asked the staffs of three independent bookstores for their picks .
Here are selections from WORD , a Brooklyn bookstore :
From The Book Design Review
Among the most eye - catching volumes I ’ve seen in 2009 are the paperback reissues of 21 of Vladimir Nabokov ’s titles by Vintage Books .
You can see a few of them here .
From Print magazine
On Print magazine ’s blog , Peter Terzian explains how these covers came into being .
Vintage ’s art director , John Gall , asked a group of designers to create new covers , but there was a catch .
Mr. Terzian writes :
Gall gave the designers one stipulation : each cover would be a photograph of a specimen box , a nod to Nabokov ’s passion for butterfly collecting .
Within the framework of the box , and using layers of paper and insect pins , the designers were free to create more or less what they wished .
The results are striking .
One might say about these covers what Humbert Humbert said in “ Lolita ” : “ It was love at first sight , at last sight , at ever and ever sight . ”
Jumbo Seismic Monitor
Page served at : Thu Oct 1 3:31:47 GMT 2020
This is a jumbo sized image of the IRIS Seismic Monitor web page .
It is an image only .
It does not contain any earthquake or station links .
Download GIF or Postscript file of above map here .
As mentioned previously , I really hate getting woken up at 3 AM in the morning .
This happens fairly frequently for me , though , because I live in Japan and about half of the people who call me do not .
I have not been effective at getting them to check what time it is here before they call , but I certainly want them to call , and even call me in the middle of the night if it is an emergency .
So I made myself a phone secretary with Twilio , their Ruby gem , and Sinatra ( a lightweight Ruby web framework ) .
I gave my friends and family a US number assigned to me by Twilio .
Dialing it causes Twilio ’s computer to talk to my server and figure out what I want to do with the call .
The server runs a Sinatra app which checks the time in Japan and either forwards the call to the most appropriate phone or gently informs the user that it is 4:30 AM in the morning .
The code for this took 10 minutes .
Reasoning my way through a deployment took , hmm , 3 hours or so .
I am a programmer not a sysadmin , what can I say .
I thought I ’d write down what I did so that other folks can save themselves some pain .
Code ( You ’re probably not too interested in the exact logic , but feel free to use it as a springboard if you want to make a secretary / call forwarding app ) :
require ' rubygems ' require ' sinatra ' require ' twiliolib ' require ' time ' @@HOME = " 81xxxxxxxxx x " # This is not actually my phone number .
@@CELL = " 81xxxxxxxxxxxx " # Neither is this .
def pretty_time ( time ) time .
strftime ( " %H : %M %p " ) end def time_in_japan ( ) time = Time .
now .
utc time_in_japan = time + 9 * 3600 end def is_weekend ?
( time ) ( time .
wday == 0 ) || ( time .
wday == 6 ) end def in_range ?
( t , str ) time =
Time .
parse ( " #{ Date .
today .
to_s } #{ pretty_time ( t ) } " ) range_bounds = str .
split ( / , */ ) start_time = Time . parse ( " #{ Date .
today .
to_s } #{ range_bounds [ 0 ] } " ) end_time = Time . parse ( " #{ Date .
today .
to_s } #{ range_bounds [ range_bounds .
size - 1 ] } " ) ( time >= start_time ) && ( time " 45 " ) @r . append ( say ) @r . append ( call ) @r .
respond end def redirect_twilio ( url ) @r = Twilio :: Response .
new rd = Twilio :: Redirect . new ( " / #{ url . sub ( /^\/*/ , " " ) } " ) @r . append ( rd ) @r .
respond end post '/ phone ' do t = time = time_in_japan if ( is_weekend ? ( time ) ) if in_range ?
( time , " 2:00 AM , 10:00 AM " ) redirect_twilio ( " wakeup " ) else forward_call ( @@CELL ) end else # Not a weekend .
if in_range ? ( time , " 2:00 AM , 8:30 AM " ) redirect_twilio ( " wakeup " ) elsif in_range ?
( time , " 8:30 AM , 6:30 PM " ) redirect_twilio ( " working " ) elsif in_range ?
( time , " 6:30 PM , 9:00 PM " ) forward_call ( @@CELL ) else forward_call ( @@HOME ) end end end post ' / wakeup ' do if ( params [ : Digits ]. nil ? || params [ : Digits ] == " " ) @r = Twilio :: Response .
new say = Twilio :: Say . new ( " This is Patrick 's computer secretary .
He is asleep right now because it is #{ pretty_time ( time_in_japan ) } .
If this is an emergency , hit any number to wake him up . " ) g = Twilio :: Gather .
new ( :numDigits => 10 ) g . append ( say ) @r . append ( g ) @r .
respond else forward_call ( @@HOME , true ) end end post ' / working ' do if ( params [ : Digits ]. nil ? || params [ : Digits ] == " " ) days_left = ( Date . parse ( " 2010 -04-01 " ) - Date . today ) . to_i @r = Twilio :: Response .
new say = Twilio :: Say . new ( " This is Patrick 's computer secretary .
He is at work as it is #{ pretty_time ( time_in_japan ) } .
Only #{ days_left } days left !
If this is an emergency , hit any number call him at work . " ) g = Twilio :: Gather .
new ( :numDigits => 10 ) g . append ( say ) @r . append ( g ) @r .
respond else forward_call ( @@CELL , true ) end end get '/ ' do ' Hello from Sinatra !
What are you doing accessing this server anyway ? ' end
This script is a bit ugly but , hey , what do you want in ten minutes .
( Memo to self : correct it after leaving my job . )
Sinatra Deployment On Ubuntu
A quick look around the Internet did n’t show any cookbook recipes for deploying Sinatra .
I thought I ’d write up what I ’m using , which uses Apache reverse proxying to Sinatra .
( Instructions included for Nginx as well . )
It assumes you already have your webserver running and are familiar with basic Ruby usage and the Linux command line .
1 ) Install the daemons gem .
We ’re going to daemonize Sinatra so that it runs out of our console and starts and stops without our intervention , much like Apache does .
2 ) Create an / opt / pids / sinatra directory .
( It seemed as good a place as any . )
Let a non-privileged user write to that directory , for example by executing “ sudo chown www - data /opt / pids / sinatra ; sudo chmod 755 / opts / pids / sinatra ” .
Make a note of what non-privileged user you use .
I am just reusing www - data because Apache has conveniently provided him for me and he is guaranteed to not to be able to screw up anything important if he is compromised .
2 ) Write a quick control script and put it in the same directory as your Sinatra app ( called phone_sinatra.rb for the purposes of this demonstration ) .
I threw these in /www/var/phone.example.com / but you can put them anywhere .
Make sure the scripts are readable , but not writable , by www - data .
( sudo chmod 755 /www/var/phone.example.com / will accomplish this : it makes only the owner able to write to it , but any user on the system — including www - data — can read from it . )
require ' rubygems ' require ' daemons ' pwd = Dir .
pwd Daemons .
run_proc ( ' phone_sinatra.rb ' , { : dir_mode => : normal , : dir => " / opt/pids/sinatra} ) do Dir.chdir( pwd ) exec " ruby phone_sinatra . rb " end
3 ) ( Optional )
Add in a reverse proxy rule to Apache or Nginx to send requests to the subdomain of your choice to Sinatra instead .
I ended up deploying this through Apache , so the rule is pretty quick :
ServerName phone .
example .
com ProxyPass / http :/ / phone .
example .
com : 4567 /
You could also do this on Nginx and it is similarly trivial .
server { listen 80 ; server_name phone .
example .
com ; proxy_pass http :/ / phone .
example .
com : 4567 / ; }
The main reason I do this is to not have to remember non-standard ports in my URLs .
It also simplifies firewall management if you ’re into that sort of thing .
4 ) Add a control script to / etc / init.d / sinatra so that we can start and stop Sinatra just like we do other services , like Apache .
#!/bin/bash # # Written by Patrick McKenzie , 2010 . # I release this work unto the public domain .
# # sinatra Startup script for Sinatra server .
# description : Starts Sinatra as an unprivileged user .
# sudo - u www - data ruby / var / www / phone .
example .
com / control . rb $ 1 RETVAL = $ ?
exit $ RETVAL
5 ) Tell Ubuntu to start your daemon when the computer starts up and shut it off when the computer starts down : sudo update - rc.d sinatra defaults
6 ) Start the service manually for your first and only time : sudo /etc / init.d/ sinatra start
There you have it : Sinatra is running the application you wrote , and it will start and stop with your Ubuntu server .
If you were doing this for Twilio now you ’d check your Twilio account settings to make sure it has the right URL set up for your phone number , and then try calling yourself .
Preferably NOT from the phone you try to forward to .
All code in this blog post was written by Patrick McKenzie in early 2010 .
I release it unto the public domain .
Feel free to use it as the basis for your own apps .
Twilio development makes me feel like a kid in a candy store — you can affect the real world through an API , how cool is that ?
I think next time I have a few hours to kill I ’m going to make a similar secretary for my business .
I do n’t give folks my phone number because a ) I live in Japan and b ) they do n’t pay me enough to do telephone support .
However , quoting a telephone number on your website instantly says “ There is a real business behind this ! ”
I think I ’ll whip up a computer secretary for the business which handles the most common two support requests ( “ I did n’t get my Registration Key ” and “ I lost my password . ” ) , and for anything else takes their message and emails it to me .
That sort of thing costs megacorporations bazillions and can be whipped up these days by a single programmer on Saturday morning for under $ 5 a month in operating costs .
Like I said , candy store .
October 26 , 2009
To compare the condition of animals to groups of humans that are oppressed is to view the latter through a paternalistic lens , rather than a lens of human liberation .
OUR SOCIETY engages in practices that are cruel toward animals .
The spread of capitalism worldwide has seriously shrunk or destroyed the natural habitat of thousands of species , and the routine mistreatment of animals that are raised and used for testing or for food is well - documented .
Capitalism treats animals as a means to an end -- as things to be squeezed for as much value as can be gotten out of them .
Animals on factory farms are packed together by the thousands , confined in spaces that allow them little movement , and deprived of fresh air and sunlight .
Animal waste falls through slats into a collection area below , creating noxious gases .
The conditions in these compounds are so toxic that if the exhaust system shuts down , animals quickly begin to die off .
These factory farms are not only harmful to non-human animals .
Workers at processing plants labor at breakneck speeds slaughtering animals .
One worker at Smithfield Foods ' Tar Heel , N.C. , plant complained that he is routinely splashed with backed - up hog feces and urine , and that " the human beings are treated like machines . "
Columnist : Paul D’Amato Paul D'Amato is managing editor of the International Socialist Review and author of The Meaning of Marxism , a lively and accessible introduction to the ideas of Karl Marx and the tradition he founded .
Paul can be contacted at [ email protected ] .
According to the Web Site Sustainable Table , " Man -made lagoons on industrial farms hold millions of gallons of liquid waste , from which contaminants can leach into groundwater . "
Smithfield , the world 's largest pork producer , whose massive hog operations have wiped out small farmers in the U.S. , Eastern Europe and Africa , was fined $ 12.6 million for a toxic spill at a Virginia facility that was twice as big as the Exxon Valdez .
These are all practices that many of us would like to see changed .
There is a clear connection between how a rapacious capitalism mistreats animals , how capitalism degrades the environment , and how capitalism cruelly exploits human beings .
Nevertheless , seeking more humane treatment of animals is not the same as calling for " animal rights " or " animal liberation . "
WHEN I hear the terms " animal rights " and " animal liberation , " some pretty strange scenarios run through my head .
Does a mountain lion that kills a deer have a right to a trial by a jury of its peers ?
Should cows have freedom of assembly , speech and religion ?
Would my cat be liberated if I tossed him out of the house and stopped feeding him ?
An animal rights activist might dismiss my attempt at humor , but there is a point to it .
Non-human animals do n't possess the biological and physical attributes that would allow them to engage in the activities and behaviors we associate with " liberation " and " rights . "
Ben Dalbey , in an unpublished essay , describes a video , produced by an organization concerned with protecting farm animals , that depicts " Maxine 's Dash for Freedom " :
" Maxine " is described in this Farm Sanctuary video ... as having " escaped " from a New York City slaughterhouse .
She was then " rescued " by police and firefighters , who found her wandering the streets , taken to an animal shelter , and then taken by the Farm Sanctuary to greener pastures .
In reality , we do n't know whether " Maxine " escaped , got lost , was let go by a human , or fell off the truck , because she can't tell us .
All she does in the video is sit in her cage and chew straw .
It is the humans from the Farm Sanctuary who have imparted to " Maxine " a human name , a " will to live , " and an ability to " escape " from the slaughterhouse , which she does not have .
What is clear in the video is that " Maxine " demonstrates a " will " not to get onto the truck that will take her to the farm sanctuary .
Here , because it is a human who always has and always will decide what is best for Maxine , her " will " is ignored .
She -- like all cows -- must be pulled by ropes , prodded and enticed with food to go where the humans want her to be , whether that is the slaughterhouse or the Farm Sanctuary .
Though there is a basic biological continuity between all living things , there is also a qualitative difference that separates humans from other animals .
Animals have evolved and adapted to particular ecological niches , each possessing certain physical and behavioral attributes that allow them to survive in a particular habitat .
Human beings have evolved certain attributes -- a large brain , upright gait , dexterous hands , and , along with that , language and technology -- that allow them to adapt to different environments by making those environments adapt to their needs .
All species evolve and change , biologically speaking ; only humans evolve culturally and socially .
Indeed , the only reason we can have this discussion about animals is because we have something they do n't have -- language .
The fact is that dogs cannot domesticate us .
By extension , they cannot " liberate " themselves or demand " rights " from us , either ; they can't even formulate what a right or a demand is , Chicken Run notwithstanding .
Hence , realistically , when anyone speaks of rights or liberation for other animals , what they are really talking about is how humans behave toward animals .
Human beings are , to a large extent , arbiters of the fate of other animals ( for good or ill ) , a fact that sets us sharply apart from them .
I SAW a poster the other day that read : " racism=speciesism=sexism . "
Speciesism is " a prejudice or attitude of bias towards the interests of members of one 's own species , and against those of members of other species , " says Australian animal rights activist Peter Singer , whose 1975 book Animal Liberation is credited with starting the modern animal rights movement .
Those who believe that the needs and interests of the human species take precedence over those of other species is a " speciesist . "
Animal " equality , " in this scenario , is not equality between other animals and humans ( obviously , we could grant cows the right to vote and to bear arms , but it would n't matter much ) , but " equal " treatment by humans of humans and animals .
All living things are " speciesist . "
The web of life on our planet consists of different species struggling to survive , many by eating other species .
The fact that human beings have the capacity , unlike any other species , to create a hierarchy of being , and make decisions about what living thing is legitimate or not legitimate to eat , is itself proof that there is a qualitative divide between human beings and other animals .
In his essay " All Animals are Equal , " Peter Singer urges " that we extend to other species the basic principle of equality that most of us recognize should be extended to all members of our own species . "
The equation of racism and sexism with the treatment of animals is to trivialize the former .
Consider some of the campaigns organized by the group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) .
Its 2008 " Wrong Meeting " video shows a hooded Klansman attending a kennel club meeting to talk about " breeding to achieve a master race " -- equating the breeding of dogs with the Klan 's white supremacism .
A few years earlier , the group ran a " Holocaust on your plate " campaign that compared the Nazi Holocaust during the Second World War to the slaughter of animals for food .
Non-human animals are helpless and , as I pointed out earlier , incapable of organizing and fighting for their rights .
To compare the condition of animals to that of women , Blacks and other groups for freedom and equality is to view the latter through a paternalistic lens , rather than a lens of human liberation .
The astonishing logic of the idea that " all animals are equal " is revealed in a statement by Susan Rich , PETA 's outreach coordinator .
When questioned about who she would rescue in a lifeboat if the choice were between a baby and a dog , she answered : " I might choose the human baby or I might choose the dog . "
Sometimes , the peculiar " speciesism " of the animal rights advocates comes through -- that is , the elevation of other species over humans .
For example , PETA co-founder Ingrid Newkirk said in 1990 , " Humans have grown like a cancer .
We 're the biggest blight on the face of the earth . "
EarthFirst !
co-founder Dave Foreman made a similar point in a 1991 interview for Sports Illustrated : " If it came down to a confrontation between a grizzly and a friend , I 'm not sure whose side I would be on .
But I do know humans are a disease , a cancer on nature .
And I also know I am far more interested in the plight of the spotted owl than I am in a logger in Oregon .
I have a problem with glorifying the downtrodden worker . "
Hitler and his closest associates were also very concerned with the welfare of animals .
He personally ushered through a Law on Animal Protection in 1933 that read in part , " It is forbidden to unnecessarily torment or roughly mishandle an animal . "
Luftwaffe chief Herman Goering , who was head of the German Humane Society (! ) , issued a ban on vivisection ( later modified ) , announcing that violators would be placed in concentration camps .
Goering also restricted hunting , and forbid the boiling of live lobsters .
His concern for killing living things did not extend to Jews , Gypsies , gays , communists and Slavs .
Of course , many young activists who gravitate to animal rights activism do n't do so because they elevate animals above people , or have contempt for the working class , but because they are concerned about how capitalism degrades all living things .
Such a concern is not to be pooh - poohed .
But in order to put that concern in the right perspective , we need to insist on the essential differences between human beings and other animals , and reject the idea of " animal liberation . "
Here is the question wording and results from the poll :
As you know , a man has been charged with attempting to use an explosive device on Christmas Day to blow up a plane that was flying to Detroit .
Do you approve or disapprove of the way Barack Obama has responded to that incident ?
Approve 57 %
Disapprove 39 %
No opinion 4 %
A net +18 % approval for Obama in his handling of the event in spite of the tirade of attacks against him and the utter lack of scrutiny and accountability by the traditional media , which is disturbing but not surprising .
Also from the poll :
How much confidence do you have in the Obama administration to protect U.S. citizens from future acts of terrorism — a great deal , a moderate amount , not much or none at all ?
A great deal 24 %
A moderate amount 41 %
Not much 19 %
None at all 16 %
That amounts to a 65 - 35 % split on the public 's confidence in Obama 's handling of terrorism and protecting the nation against it .
One last choice quote from Sargent himself :
And only 35 % adopt the Cheney clan ’s view that we should be curled up in the corner with our teeth chattering uncontrollably over lack of confidence in the Obama administration ’s ability to protect us .
That ’s pretty remarkable , given that the Cheneys have been all over the airwaves making this case for months and months .
Update :
Thanks for getting this on the rec list -- my second time , and both diaries pertained to Cheney .
Guess people on here love seeing him get his comeuppance !
Update 2 : Not relevant to this diary , but please recommend the Miep Gies Tribute Diary that is now on the list .
The woman is largely responsible for creating the Anne Frank legacy has died at 100 .
I would like to trade my spot on the rec list to promote that one , if I could .
Mange , a form of scabies caused my tiny mites can be fatal to foxes [ STONE / GETTY ]
Q I Have foxes at the bottom of my garden and have heard that they can transmit a form of mange ( scabies ) to pet dogs .
I would like to know what symptoms to look out for in case my two dogs contract the disease .
A Sarcoptic mange ( also called scabies ) is very common in foxes and can be fatal to them .
The cause is a very small mite that is barely visible to the naked eye .
In both dogs and foxes the main sign is itching that gets progressively worse .
The incessant scratching leads to hair loss and in severe cases animals can become bald .
Sumatra , Indonesia ( CNN ) --
The land still smolders , tinted with a depressing gray .
Twisted hulks of tree trunks take on abnormal shapes .
A dark black canal cuts through the wasted landscape .
It looks like a scene from an apocalyptic movie where an unknown force has obliterated all life .
But this is the reality of Sumatra , Indonesia 's largest island .
The Kampar Peninsula was once virgin rainforest , some of the most biodiverse in the world .
The region has now been transformed into a lifeless plain , soon to be replanted with monocultures .
Environmental groups describe the degradation as rampant pillaging -- the work of multibillion dollar paper , pulp and palm oil conglomerates .
Already 85 percent of Sumatra 's forests are gone .
What is left is vanishing at an alarming rate -- an area the size of 50 football fields disappears every hour , according to Greenpeace and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations .
Caught in the crosshairs are small villages like Teluk Meranti .
The village lies on Sumatra 's Kampar River .
As dawn breaks , fishermen set out into the morning haze .
The riverbanks slowly come to life as residents bathe and brush their teeth in its waters .
The morning calm is broken by children 's shrieks as they lather their bodies before jumping in .
" The communities here recognize how important the forest is to them .
They use the wood to make their homes , their fishing boats , " says Bustar Maitar , a Greenpeace campaigner .
" If the forest is gone , it means their livelihood is gone . "
What is at stake is much more than that , environmental groups say .
The peat soil of the Kampar Peninsula holds more carbon than anywhere else in the world .
Greenpeace estimates that if this whole peninsula , some 1.7 million acres ( 700,000 hectares ) , is taken over by plantations , the carbon dioxide released would be the equivalent of 1.6 billion transatlantic flights .
In the middle of this complex struggle between preservation and destruction are the villagers .
A man named Yusuf says his family has been here for four generations and survived without big companies and their big promises .
" The forest is our ancestral inheritance ; our ancestors protected this forest , " he says .
His voice shakes , tears start to pour .
" There is nothing left to be proud of , if the forest is gone .
...
We will fight -- we will fight whatever company tries to destroy our forest . "
One such company is Asia Pacific Resources , one of the world 's biggest pulp and paper companies .
In June , community leaders wrote to Asia Pacific Resources , asking that the land be left alone for the sake of their grandchildren .
The company says it 's bringing 20,000 jobs and sustainable development to the area .
According to Neil Franklin , the company 's sustainability director , Asia Pacific 's intention is to use the Kampar region as a model for sustainable development .
" Plantations are n't developed on all those areas which are given to us by the government .
A very careful mapping process goes on before we start any developments at all , " Franklin said .
" Kampar Peninsula is an area where these high conservation values are most threatened and we most certainly are aware of that .
The key is how do you manage and maintain those values . "
He said the model that Asia Pacific is offering is based on a balance of economic , social and environmental concerns .
Solutions , the company says , will minimize carbon dioxide emissions and maximize the benefit to adjacent communities .
The promise of a more financially fruitful life is a powerful lure for some of the most poor villagers .
Yusuf admits that more and more villagers , especially the younger generations , are being tempted by the companies .
" We can't do anything .
We do n't have power , we do n't have an education , we do n't have money .
They have divided us . "
The confrontation is so tense that Syamsuar , a school teacher who sided with the companies , agreed to talk with CNN , only away from prying eyes .
" The company has committed to developing plantations for us , for our future , " he said .
" They will build the public facilities that we need .
For example , a mosque .
They will create new job opportunities for us . "
Still he said , he wants international nonprofit organizations to be closely involved , in case the companies do n't fulfill their promises .
Greenpeace 's Bustar says the companies promise , only to deceive .
" I am very sad to hear that conversation , " Bustar said of the school teacher 's comments .
" Why ?
Because I believe this person is already influenced by the company .
I try to give them examples of other villages where there is no deal until now -- there is no delivery of the company promises , but the company already cut down the forest . "
For Bustar , it 's personal .
He is from the Indonesian province of Papua , where he grew up watching his people lose their land to big companies , he said .
" Some people , they die to protect their land , " he said .
" That gives me the spirit to continue this fight . "
Indonesia does have strong laws governing deforestation , but environmental groups say they are n't enforced nearly enough .
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono recently pledged to reduce emissions , and Indonesia could benefit from the growing market in carbon credits if it preserves its forests .
Greenpeace is among many environmental groups calling on the government to issue a moratorium on the plantation concessions , before it 's too late .
If the forests are n't protected , " we will fail to protect our future , " Bustar said .
" It means we will fail to protect our Earth where we are living .
It means disaster is coming to us . "
Vikram Dodd talks to Akbar Shaikh , brother of Akmal guardian.co.uk
British man condemned to die in China tomorrow morning has been told of his fate , campaigners confirmedtoday .
Akmal Shaikh , 53 , who supporters say has a mental illness , is due to be executed at 10.30 am local time for smuggling 4 kg ( 8.8lb ) of heroin , but was unaware of his death sentence until today .
Sally Rowen , legal director of the campaign group Reprieve , said Shaikh , who is in a secure hospital , had been told this morning .
" The Chinese authorities had always said they would tell him 24 hours ahead , " she said .
The family have filed a last - minute petition for a stay of execution and an application for special pardon to the supreme court , the Chinese president , Hu Jintao , and the standing committee of the People 's National Congress , Rowen said , adding that there was still hope of a reprieve .
She said : " Reprieves have been granted when people were literally on the way to their execution .
Until we actually hear the reports that he has been executed , we are still hopeful that he wo n't . "
Campaigners say Shaikh has bipolar disorder .
There were two likely methods of execution , lethal injection or a single bullet , but as the former minicab operator from north London was being held in a hospital the former was more likely , she said .
Rowen confirmed that Shaikh 's family had visited him for about an hour and a half and delivered written messages from other family members .
" The whole family is finding it very stressful , and have become ill as a result , " she said .
" Tonight is going to be horrendous for them . "
His daughter Leilla Horsnell said she was not optimistic that the petition would succeed , telling the BBC : " I 'd like to be hopeful , but time just seems to be running out . "
The Chinese have kept her father 's fate from him until 24 hours before the scheduled execution on " humanitarian grounds " .
Horsnell said she thought this was a good thing " because I do n't even think he would understand because we do n't know how much his mental state has deteriorated . "
She added : " We do know in one of the appeals he insisted on giving his own statements and he could n't even speak properly , and what he was saying was n't making much sense .
" And so I do n't think him being told would mean anything ... if anything , it might make it worse if he was aware of what was happening . "
His cousins Soohail and Nasir Shaikh , from London , flew from Beijing to Urumqi in north - west China yesterday .
They joined two British embassy officials to deliver pleas for clemency to China 's president and courts .
In his petition , Soohail says : " We plead for his life , asking that a full mental health evaluation be conducted to assess the impact of his mental illness , and that recognition be made that he is not as culpable as those who might , under Chinese law , be eligible for the death penalty . "
Akbar Shaikh , Akmal 's brother , also says in a letter from the family to Hu : " We plead for mercy and clemency .
We are not asking for special treatment for Akmal because he is British , but simply as a family who are devastated at the possibility of losing our son , our brother , our father , our cousin . "
Father - of - three Shaikh was arrested in Urumqi in September 2007 and charged with drug smuggling .
After being convicted he lost a final appeal last week , but campaigners claim his mental illness has not been taken into account .
A vigil to raise awareness of his plight will take place in London today outside the Chinese embassy in central London .
The event is being organised by a group formed on Facebook called Stop The Execution Of Akmal Shaikh , which has more than 1,800 members .
A spokeswoman , Maya Farr , said : " Akmal 's case has struck a chord with many people .
We are appealing respectfully to the Chinese government to show mercy to Akmal , and spare his life .
" At the very least we believe there should be a stay of execution so that there can be a full assessment of his medical condition . "
The group will deliver a letter to Chinese ambassador to the UK , Fu Ying , which reads : " We take the issue of drugs smuggling very seriously , but we believe there is considerable evidence that Akmal is mentally ill , and genuinely did not know that the suitcase he was duped into carrying contained drugs . "
Clive Stafford Smith , the director of Reprieve , said : " I have been in constant contact with Akmal 's family , and they are simply praying for a reprieve , fearing for the health of his mother , who is very frail . "
If the sentence is carried out , it would be the first time an EU national has been executed in China for 50 years .
A Foreign Office spokeswoman said : " We have made representations at the highest possible levels .
The prime minister wrote to the Chinese government on 21 December and the foreign secretary has also written .
" We have made our position to the Chinese authorities quite clear .
The prime minister , ministers and other officials have been and remain closely engaged . "
Rowen said the Foreign Office could " not have done more " over the Christmas period to help save Shaikh 's life and had been working very closely with the organisation .
" I applaud everything that they have done , and urge them to continue to push , " she said .
A spokesman for the Chinese embassy in London said Shaikh was found with more than 4kg of heroin , which he said was enough to kill 26,800 people .
He said that , according to Chinese law , being caught with 50g of heroin was enough for the death penalty to be applied .
" Even in the UK , he would be punished severely for his crime , " the spokesman said .
" Drug trafficking is a grave crime worldwide .
China has the bitter memory of drug problems in history , and is still facing severe situations at this moment , which undermines the social stability .
The general public has a deep - seated hatred toward it . "
He added that British concerns " have been duly noted " .
MDF , the Bipolar Organisation , said it had written to the Chinese ambassador to add its voice to pleas for clemency .
" Only too often , we hear stories of how the behaviour of people when very unwell with bipolar gets them into terrible difficulties , " said Robert Westhead , a spokesman for the charity .
" This is sometimes just with friends , family or employers , but sometimes it's with the criminal justice system too .
When manic – or ' high ' – people often completely lose touch with reality , sometimes experiencing delusions of grandeur and fantastical beliefs about their own abilities .
This leads them to do extraordinary things they would never contemplate when well . "
Update : The iPhone app referenced in this article has since been released on the App Store .
Crisis Mappers from around the world have been working around the clock to create maps and other tools for relief workers in Haiti .
The earthquake caused tremendous damage to the road network and updated maps are necessary to enable food and volunteers to traverse the island .
The volunteer - driven Open Street Map project has become a central data source for the Crisis Mappers .
It is regarded by many as the most up - to - date map of the area .
It combines UN damage assessment , digitized imagery , Public Domain Topos and other base data .
In the wake of the tragedy Google quickly released Haiti data gathered from its MapMaker program .
DigitalGlobe has made its satellite imagery of Haiti freely available as well ( as did GeoEye ) .
Soon , there will also be a free iPhone app with maps of Haiti coming
to the App Store .
Jeffrey Johnson worked with a small company ,
TrailBehind , Inc. , to adapt the company ’s existing
( offline mapping app , Gaia GPS , ) to provide offline maps to relief workers .
It combines Digital Globe ( .5 m resolution ) , GeoEye ( .5 m resolution updated on 1/13 ) , and OpenStreetMap ( constantly being updated ) .
This version of Gaia GPS is intended to aid disaster relief for the Haitian earthquake .
The app can be used to download maps and satellite imagery of the earthquake area , including up - to - date overlays of disaster sites , hospitals , and other relevant waypoints .
The map data is provided by Digital Globe , GeoEye , OpenStreetMap , and the maps are hosted by the New York Public Library .
The app also provides other features that might be relevant to disaster relief efforts :
1 ) Recording of GPS tracks , waypoints , and geo - tagged photos
2 ) Import / export GPX tracks and photos
3 ) Guidance to waypoints and along tracks .
For more information about the app , please visit www.gaiagps.com
This version of the app is identical to the commercial version , with the exception of the maps provided .
Fingers crossed that this app gets approved by Apple quickly .
Additionally you can see UAV flights from Haiti .
These include new to the web imagery from P3 and GlobalHawk .
Jeffrey Johnson will be speaking about Crisis Mapping Haiti at Where 2.0 in March .
Edited for accuracy , clarity and great news about the iPhone app being released .
More images of the iPhone app
Stagnating Temperatures Climatologists Baffled by Global Warming Time - Out
Global warming appears to have stalled .
Climatologists are puzzled as to why average global temperatures have stopped rising over the last 10 years .
Some attribute the trend to a lack of sunspots , while others explain it through ocean currents .
In a passionate debate the New York State Senate voted down a bill that would allow gay couples to marry .
Emotions ran high in the ornate , red Senate chamber in Albany .
Tears were shed .
Angry words exchanged .
But , in the long run , the issue may be decided not on the basis of emotions but , rather , using the colder logic of the Constitution and the laws .
In the debate itself , the only opponent to speak in the chamber , Ruben Diaz Sr. , criticized other senators who said that religion should not be a factor in deciding who can legally marry in New York .
Said Diaz : “ You should carry your Bible all the time . ”
A poignant moment came when Senator Hassell - Thompson , 67 , spoke of her gay brother , who ran away from home because of the disapproval of their religious father .
With difficulty she tracked down her brother to a village in southern France .
He said he did n’t want to come home because “ my father does n’t want to see me . ”
The senator wept as she related how she told him : “ But your sister does . ”
She explained : “ He needed to know that the sister that he loved and revered struck a blow for justice for him . ”
Black senators recalled slavery and the fight for civil rights .
A Jewish senator evoked the pogroms of Czarist Russia to explain why she supported the bill .
Liz Krueger of Manhattan wept as she recalled her grandparent ’s escape from persecution .
But , as The New York Times suggested , the speeches did little to affect the outcome .
In an editorial the newspaper said sarcastically : “ The New York State Senate held an emotional debate on Wednesday in which there was talk of belief and conscience and eloquent reminders of earlier civil rights struggles .
It then took a stand [ 38 - to - 24 ] against equality and fairness . ”
Among those who voted against the bill was Senator Hiram Monserrate , a heterosexual accused of battering his girlfriend with a broken glass .
He was convicted of committing a misdemeanor assault .
Although Monserrate ’s record can hardly inspire confidence in his ability to make sound judgments on human relationships , you can feel empathy for many others on both sides of the issue .
They bared family secrets .
They disclosed some of their deepest feelings in this historic debate .
Yet , ultimately , it seems clear , the issue of gay marriage has to be decided on the basis of our Constitution , our laws and the very essence of our nation ’s history .
The Declaration of Independence says that we are all created equal , endowed by our Creator “ with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness .
” Does the “ pursuit of happiness , ” as expressed in the Declaration , justify same sex marriage ?
The equal protection clause of the Constitution , embodied in the 14th Amendment provides that “ no state shall … deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws ” -- does that justify same sex marriage ?
The issue is difficult but the solution ultimately must come from the remarkable documents that our founding fathers created more than two centuries ago .
In an uncanny way , these patriots of yesterday seemed to anticipate the most difficult issues of today .
We can hope that their words will continue to guide us and inspire us -- and give us solutions to our most vexing problems .
The men - who worked at the plant - were hunting ducks on their day off
A pair of duck hunters triggered a security alert at a nuclear weapons assembly plant in Amarillo , Texas .
Officials put the plant into lockdown after getting reports of individuals in camouflage gear stalking across the road from the factory .
They turned out to be two plant employees who had decided to spend their day off hunting fowl .
The plant was briefly shut as a " precautionary measure " , a plant official said .
" They were just doing what people do around here , " said Carson County Sheriff Tam Terry .
" They just had a lot more company than they were planning on . "
The pair , who sparked the alert when spotted early in the morning carrying arms and dressed in camouflage gear , were later found in a nearby field setting up goose decoys .
No charges will be filed against the men who both had permission to hunt from the local landowner .
To save the world from the real threat of a major asteroid impact , one engineer has imagined a scheme similar to George Bailey 's wish to lasso the moon for his sweetheart in " It 's a Wonderful Life . "
The plan is to attach a gigantic weight to an Earth - bound asteroid using an enormous cord .
This crazy - sounding contraption would change the asteroid ’s center of mass and subsequently its trajectory , averting a potentially catastrophic scenario .
Aerospace engineer Major David French of the Air Force Research Labs mathematically modeled how different weights and lengths of tether would affect a killer asteroid 's orbit over time .
The results are in the December issue of Acta Astronautica .
He found that , in general , longer tethers and larger masses would more significantly change the asteroid 's orbit .
The alteration would occur slowly , taking anywhere from 10 to 50 years .
The technique would require no simple mission .
The cosmic counterweight would weigh a few million pounds , about the mass of a Saturn V rocket .
And even more impressively , the rope would range anywhere from six miles ( about the height of Mount Everest ) , to 60,000 miles ( long enough to wrap around Earth two and a half times ) .
This solution may sound unrealistic , but the threat is real .
To date , NASA 's Near Earth Object Program , which tracks asteroids and comets that could approach the planet , has cataloged more than 5,500 objects .
About 1,000 of these are classified as " potentially hazardous , " meaning they could wipe out a city , spawn giant tsunamis or , in the worst case , eradicate life with a planet - shrouding cloud of debris .
To guard against this , scientists have produced many dramatic proposals , each with its own merits .
French thinks his technique stands out for its relative ease .
" What interested me was that there is no active control system needed , " he said .
Once the rope and weight were installed , the asteroid would get nudged through nothing but the laws of gravity .
However , the method is not lacking critics .
" This tether - deflection idea is an interesting intellectual exercise , " said astronomer David Morrison of the Asteroid and Comet Impact Hazards Group at NASA 's Ames Research Center .
" But it is of no practical value . "
Morrison points out that putting enormous objects , such as a heavy tether and ballast , in space is far beyond the entire human race 's launch capability .
Furthermore , the cost of designing and building a strong enough rope makes the solution intractable .
" From a practical point of view , the technique is a mess , " agreed Russell Schweickart , former Apollo astronaut and co-founder of the B612 Foundation , a group dedicated to protecting the Earth from asteroid strikes .
He is concerned that no one knows how to hook a tether to a spinning asteroid and , once attached , there is no guarantee the line wo n't get tangled up .
Schweickart and Morrison offer a much simpler idea that uses current technology : Change the asteroid 's orbit by crashing something into it .
Even a relatively small satellite would alter the orbit enough to stave off certain doom , if we did it far enough in advance .
French understands these criticisms and thinks they are well - founded .
But , he said Earth will still need protection from asteroids in the next century , and the next millennium .
If our technology and expertise is n't enough to lasso an asteroid right now , we have time .
" The last extinction - level asteroid strike was 65 million years ago , " he said , " I think it 's important to take the long view and maybe dig into technology that is not quite ready . "
Editor 's note :
This story was updated Dec. 7 to say that a weight of a few million pounds would be enough for the counterbalance .
Image : Painting of the Chicxulub impact , 65 million years ago .
Donald E. Davis / NASA / JPL .
See Also :
Welcome to the inaugural installment of Elder - Geek ’s new regular feature , the Video Blitz !
Here we embed , upload , and present all of the official videos for a soon - to - be - released game in one convenient place for your viewing pleasure !
So before you head to the store or download portal , make sure to stop by the day of your most anticipated IP ’s release date to make sure you ’ve seen everything you need to make a purchase decision !
Our first game under the trailer - scope is Sega ’s hotly anticipated ( pun somewhat intended ) Hideki Kamiya action - fest Bayonetta .
Set in the fictional European city of Vigrid , you play the recently awakened Umbra witch Bayonetta , whose 500 - year rest is disrupted only for her to have no memory of what occurred before .
Over time and gameplay you ’ll slowly recall the ancient feud between the Lumen Sages of light and Umbra Witches of dark as you battle your way to Hell and Heaven in order to rediscover the purpose of your magic and existence as a whole .
Sporting constant action set permanently at a fever - pitch , Bayonetta sports a combo attack system similar to Kamiya ’s oeuvre ( Devil May Cry , Viewtiful Joe , ) but injected with even more adrenaline .
Dodging attacks at the last possible moment turns on slow - motion Witch Time , and Bayonetta can shape - shift , wield weapons , and even use her magical hair to summon demonic entities to finish off boss encounters .
Over - the - top , sexy , and completely addictive , Bayonetta is bound to get your blood pumping , in whatever sense it can .
Also make sure to take a look at the Elder - Geek review of Bayonetta here !
Bayonetta Official Trailer
Bayonetta TGS 2008 Trailer
Bayonetta E3 2009 Trailer
Bayonetta Gameplay Trailer 1 ( weapons and combos )
Bayonetta Gameplay Trailer 2 : Torture Moves ( weapons and combos )
Bayonetta Gameplay Trailer 3
Bayonetta Gameplay Trailer 4
Bayonetta Gameplay Trailer 5
Bayonetta Gameplay Trailer 6
Bayonetta Revelations Chapter 1
Bayonetta Revelations Chapter 2
Bayonetta Revelations Chapter 3
Bayonetta GamesCom Community Interview
Every week , more and more BitTorrent trackers come online , the vast majority being so - called private trackers where an invite is required to gain access .
However , around 50 % of these are n't making it to their first birthday , and many of them are causing their own death .
The culprit ?
Rising costs .
Private BitTorrent trackers are usually much smaller than public trackers .
More commonly ranging from 1,000 to 10,000 members ( but some with many tens of thousands ) , these sites are often accessible by invite only , meaning that prospective users need to have direct contact with someone who is already a member .
Private sites commonly operate a ratio - based system where users are expected to upload around the same amount of data as they download , to ensure that the tracker ’s ‘ economy ’ stays healthy .
Some sites experiment with different methods of achieving the same ends , but whatever the technique the result is often more users ‘ seeding ’ than can be commonly found on similar torrents on public trackers , resulting in higher speeds and shorter download times .
For many in the BitTorrent community , private sites are where the real action can be found , but they also face some serious problems of their own .
FileShareFreak has recently come up with a list of more than 300 private trackers launched in 2009 – of these only 179 remain online today .
So what is causing the death of these sites before they even reach infancy ?
In many cases sites are started by people who have no idea of the scale of the task that lies ahead of them and simply give up .
Some sites are started by people who break off from other trackers after a dispute and believe they can do better and find out they can’t .
While some thrive , others simply can’t carve themselves an audience or a big enough niche to satisfy their world - beating ambitions , while being hamstrung by their own invitation policy in an attempt to stay attractively exclusive .
Increasingly , however , more and more sites are simply running out of money , which is a fairly curious situation .
After all , was n’t BitTorrent created to make it really cheap to shift data around ?
In themselves , the average private tracker and forum do n’t cost that much to run , with many decent sized sites managing to operate for less than $ 150 each month – an amount easily covered by a generous sysop and a handful of small donations .
But in recent years many private trackers have become very competitive – particularly with each other – as they literally race to bring content to their sites as quickly as possible and offering their demanding users the fastest download speeds .
What they are trying to achieve are great ‘ pre- times . ’
‘ Pre- time ’ is a term used to describe how long it takes for a private tracker to make available a Scene release after it has been released ( pre ’d ) on Scene topsites .
The shorter the pre-time , the bigger the bragging rights , with the ultimate aim of the site winning the ‘ race . ’
Participating in these ‘ races ’ costs a lot of money , as the roles traditionally fulfilled by users ( providing content and bandwidth ) are increasingly taken on by the site itself .
For many , this is becoming a crippling burden .
So how much does this all cost ?
Thanks to a smallish private site ( 6,000 users ) known as StN ( StoreTheNet ) which chose to make its bills public as it tried and failed to justify turning their previously free site to a subscription model , we have an idea .
( Please note :
All the following information is already in the public domain , many private sites make no secret that they engage in this activity and StN will shutdown tomorrow . )
Around $ 200 per month goes to pay for site and IRC hosting and additional features to increase site security .
For a ‘ traditional ’ torrent site setup ( users provide all content and content bandwidth ) , that ’s where the costs would end .
But of course , since this site and many others feel they have to become involved in ‘ racing ’ content to their site and providing ultimate download speeds , from here the costs start to skyrocket .
Around $ 330 is being paid every month to operators of so - called ‘ topsites ’ where the latest releases are ‘ raced ’ from , and while users of the site do contribute bandwidth via their normal sharing , these releases are initially seeded directly to the members via an unmetered bandwidth seedbox which StN says is approx $ 630 per month .
All these bills add up to approaching $ 1,200 in costs every month for what is essentially a pretty small site , so what ’s the solution to bring costs down and avoid the death of yet more trackers during their first few months ?
Well , first of all , many sites can achieve this amount through voluntary member donations , but a lot of private site members are also members of other trackers and they can’t possibly donate to them all .
So inevitably , some are favored and others are n’t .
Another option for struggling sites ( and many private site users will be stamping their feet with reddened faces at the mere suggestion ) is to get out of racing altogether , instead letting users bring content and allowing BitTorrent and its users to propagate it naturally with their own home bandwidth and if they ’re lucky , their own seedboxes .
This will be much slower admittedly , but probably preferable to a site closing altogether .
It also drastically reduces the security risk for the site itself .
Something that proves very successful for many sites is to find a niche .
While all the latest movies may be a major attraction , they are also what cause the biggest burdens on a site in a myriad different ways .
Niche material sites usually have great communities , great speeds and usually fly easily under the radar .
Expect to see many more of these in the future .
There are hundreds of private sites out there that do n’t operate in the fashion outlined above and do n’t have the accompanying financial burdens , yet still achieve good times and speeds .
Time will tell if the craze of the ‘ race ’ dies down in favor of lower running costs , or if the need for Blu-ray rips at lightning speeds prove simply too irresistible .
If the latter is true , in the end someone is going to have to pay for it .
The Unfinished Swan is a game about exploring the unknown .
The player is a young boy chasing after a swan who has wandered off into a surreal , unfinished kingdom .
The game begins in a completely white space where players can throw paint to splatter their surroundings and reveal the world around them .
The game is available on PlayStation , the Apple App Store , and PC via Steam and the Epic Game Store .
When the Copenhagen climate summit ended in disappointment and finger - pointing , we saw again just how difficult it would be to get the world 's nations on board for an agreement to lower greenhouse emissions and slow global warming .
This week brings another reminder of how far away we are from meaningful action :
We can't even get past the difference between weather and climate .
It 's bitter cold this week , even for January .
Beijing had its coldest morning in almost 40 years and its biggest snowfall since 1951 .
Britain is suffering through its longest cold snap since 1981 [ AP ]
.
The southern United States is in the grip of freezing weather ; the Midwest has seen dangerously cold wind chills far below zero .
Trying to stave off the inevitable " where 's your global warming now " chants , the AP and other news sources rushed to run pieces trying to get across — one more time — that weather is n't climate .
The chants came , inevitably .
But despite pundits and columnists who try to conflate the two to take the same old swings at global warming , a single bout of cold weather — or hot , for that matter — does n't actually say diddly squat about long - term climate patterns .
However , if one can set aside for a moment climate politics as usual and this weather - is - climate misunderstanding , the short - term weather patterns at play in our current spell of frigidity are pretty interesting .
Whatever happened to this year 's El Niño , for instance ?
Shorter - term , naturally variable patterns such as El Niño account for seasonal differences -- making one winter warmer or colder than another .
But it takes a strong El Niño to dominate the pattern of a U.S. winter with unusually warm and dry conditions across the northern tier of the country , and cooler and wetter weather across the south , and the current El Niño is not strong [ Discovery News ]
.
In addition , there 's the curious case of the current Arctic Oscillation , which is rather out of sorts .
Essentially , air pressure is measured at various places across the Arctic and at the middle latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere - about 45 degrees north , roughly the latitude of Milan , Montreal or Vladivostok .
The difference between the average readings for the two latitudes gives the state of the Arctic Oscillation index [ BBC News ]
.
A positive reading means high pressure in the mid-latitudes and low pressure at the pole ; a negative reading means it 's the opposite .
And what we see right now is an " extraordinary negative plunge " to levels not seen since at least 1950 , Andy Revkin shows at his New York Times blog .
What these
conditions mean is that cold air spills out of the Arctic down to mid-latitudes , which this time round includes much of Europe , tracts of the US and China [ BBC News ] .
As you can see in the historical chart of the Arctic Oscillation , it 's a pretty scattershot phenomenon .
But it 's an important one , which could help to explain why it 's frigid in the continental United States but unseasonably nice in some far northern locales .
In 2001 , after analyzing its impact on Northern Hemisphere winters , University of Washington researchers suggested that effects of the Arctic Oscillation on weather patterns " appear to be as far - reaching as those triggered by El Niño in the South Pacific " [ Discovery News ]
. Jack Williams has more about this .
Related Content : 80 beats : The New Murder - Mystery Game : Who Killed Copenhagen ?
The Intersection : Fox News Presents a Classic " He Said , She Said " on Climate Science The Intersection : Sounds Familiar The Intersection : How the Global Warming Story Changed , Disastrously , Due to " ClimateGate " DISCOVER : The Next Ice Age
Image : flickr / bsabarnowl
To save this word , you 'll need to log in .
Log In
comprised ; comprising
Definition of comprise transitive verb 1 : to be made up of The factory was to be a vast installation , comprising fifty buildings .
— Jane Jacobs
The play comprises three acts .
2 : compose , constitute … a misconception as to what comprises a literary generation .
— William Styron … about 8 percent of our military forces are comprised of women .
— Jimmy Carter 3 : to include especially within a particular scope … civilization as Lenin used the term would then certainly have comprised the changes that are now associated in our minds with " developed " rather than " developing " states .
—
The Times Literary Supplement ( London )
Keep scrolling for more
Comprise vs. Compose : Usage Guide
Although it has been in use since the late 18th century , sense 2 is still attacked as wrong .
Why it has been singled out is not clear , but until comparatively recent times it was found chiefly in scientific or technical writing rather than belles lettres .
Our current evidence shows a slight shift in usage : sense 2 is somewhat more frequent in recent literary use than the earlier senses .
You should be aware , however , that if you use sense 2 you may be subject to criticism for doing so , and you may want to choose a safer synonym such as compose or make up .
Did You Know ?
Comprise has undergone a substantial shift in usage since first appearing in English in the 15th century .
For many years usage commentators insisted that the usage of comprise meaning " to be made up of " ( as shown in our first example ) was correct and comprise meaning " to make up , " as in our second example and in phrases like " the players who comprise the team , " was not .
( This disputed use is often used in passive constructions such as , " The album is comprised of ten classic songs . " )
Until relatively recently , this less - favored sense appeared mostly in scientific writing , but current evidence shows that it is now somewhat more common in general use than the word 's other meanings .
First Known
Use of comprise 15th century , in the meaning defined at sense 3
History and Etymology for comprise Middle English , from Anglo - French compris , past participle of comprendre , from Latin comprehendere — see comprehend
Keep scrolling for more
Keep scrolling for more
Keep scrolling for more
UPDATE : The subject of this article , Mojib Latif , has challenged the Daily Mail article and it ’s interpretation .
In another story at the Guardian , Latif says the interpretation by the Daily Mail and a similar story in the Telegraph is wrongly interpreting his work .
Read the Guardian story here and decide for yourself .
If anyone knows of a contact for Dr. Latif , please leave it in comments as I ’ll make this forum available to him should he wish to elaborate further .
h /t to WUWT reader Werner Weber for notifying me .
UPDATE2 : Werner Weber writes to me in email :
> I have send him an e-mail , pointing out what happened during the night
> and invite him to take the oportunity to present his views in one of the
> leading sceptics blogs .
=====================================
We ’ve been covering a lot of the recent cold outbreaks under the “ weather is not climate department ” heading .
This story however is about both weather and climate and what one IPCC scientist thinks is headed our way .
Sponsored IT training links :
Subscribe for 70 - 667 online preparation and get guaranteed success in real exam using 642- 165 dumps and 640 - 721 practice exam .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
WASHINGTON ( AP )  Computer technicians have found 22 million missing White House e-mails from the administration of President George W. Bush and the Obama administration is searching for dozens more days ' worth of potentially lost e-mail from the Bush years , according to two groups that filed suit over the failure by the Bush White House to install an electronic record keeping system .
The two private groups — Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington and the National Security Archive — said Monday they were settling the lawsuits they filed against the Executive Office of the President in 2007 .
It will be years before the public sees any of the recovered e-mails because they will now go through the National Archives ' process for releasing presidential and agency records .
Presidential records of the Bush administration wo n't be available until 2014 at the earliest .
The tally of missing e-mails , the additional searches and the settlement are the latest development in a political controversy that stemmed from the Bush White House 's failure to install a properly working electronic record keeping system .
Two federal laws require the White House to preserve its records .
The two private organizations say there is not yet a final count on the extent of missing White House e-mail and there may never be a complete tally .
Meredith Fuchs , general counsel to the National Security Archive , said " many poor choices were made during the Bush administration and there was little concern about the availability of e-mail records despite the fact that they were contending with regular subpoenas for records and had a legal obligation to preserve their records . "
" We may never discover the full story of what happened here , " said Melanie Sloan , CREW 's executive director .
" It seems like they just did n't want the e-mails preserved . "
Sloan said the latest count of misplaced e-mails " gives us confirmation that the Bush administration lied when they said no e-mails were missing . "
The two groups say the 22 million White House e-mails were previously mislabeled and effectively lost .
The government now can find and search 22 million more e-mails than it could in late 2005 and the settlement means that the Obama administration will restore 94 calendar days of e-mail from backup tape , said Kristen Lejnieks , an attorney representing the National Security Archive .
Sheila Shadmand , another lawyer representing the National Security Archive , said the Obama administration is making a strong effort to clean up " the electronic data mess left behind by the prior administration . "
Records released as a result of the lawsuits reveal that the Bush White House was aware during the president 's first term in office that the e-mail system had serious archiving problems , which did n't become publicly known until 2006 , when federal prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald disclosed them during his criminal investigation of the outing of CIA operative Valerie Plame .
A Microsoft Corp. document on the Bush White House 's e-mail problems states that Microsoft was called in to help find electronic messages in October 2003 , more than two years before the problem surfaced publicly .
October 2003 was the month that the Justice Department began gearing up its criminal investigation into who in the Bush administration leaked the identity of Plame , the wife of Bush administration war critic Joseph Wilson .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
In his disordered , sprawling novels , Mailer takes a hopped - up , quasi- religious view of sex , with flights of D. H. Lawrence - inspired mysticism and a special interest in sodomy .
In “ An American Dream , ” he describes a woman ’s genitals : “ It was no graveyard now , no warehouse , no , more like a chapel now , a modest decent place , but its walls were snug , its odor was green , there was a sweetness in the chapel . ”
Mailer ’s most controversial obsession is the violence in sex , the urge toward domination in its extreme .
A sampling : “ I wounded her , I knew it , she thrashed beneath me like a trapped little animal , making not a sound . ”
“ He must subdue her , absorb her , rip her apart and consume her . ”
It is part of Mailer ’s existentialism , his singular , loopy philosophy , that violence is good , natural and healthy , and it is this in his sex scenes that provokes .
As in many of Mailer ’s ventures , like his famous campaign for mayor of New York , it ’s not entirely clear how much he means it and how much is for fun , for the virile show .
It would be too simple to call the explicit interludes of this new literature pornographic , as pornography has one purpose : to arouse .
These passages are after several things at once — sadness , titillation , beauty , fear , comedy , disappointment , aspiration .
The writers were interested in showing not just the triumphs of sexual conquest , but also its loneliness , its failures of connection .
In his unruly defense of sexually explicit male literature in “ The Prisoner of Sex , ” Mailer wrote : “ He has spent his literary life exploring the watershed of sex from that uncharted side which goes by the name of lust and it is an epic work for any man .
. . .
Lust exhibits all the attributes of junk .
It dominates the mind and other habits , it appropriates loyalties , generalizes character , leaches character out , rides on the fuel of almost any emotional gas — whether hatred , affection , curiosity , even the pressures of boredom — yet it is never definable because it can alter to love or be as suddenly sealed from love . ”
In the intervening decades , the feminists objected ; the public consumed ; the novelists themselves were much decorated .
And then somewhat to their surprise , the old guard got old .
In books like Roth ’s “ Exit Ghost ” and Updike ’s “ Toward the End of Time , ” they began to take up the subject of impotence in various forms .
Was it possible that the young literary gods had fallen ?
Roth wrote in “ Zuckerman Unbound ” : “ Life has its own flippant ideas about how to handle serious fellows like Zuckerman .
All you have to do is wait and it teaches you all there is to know about the art of mockery . ”
And so we come back to the copy of “ The Humbling ” in the garbage can on the subway platform .
The problem with the sex scenes in Philip Roth ’s late work is not that they are pornographic , but that they fail as pornography .
One feels that the author ’s heart is not in it , that he is just going through the motions ; one feels the impatient old master mapping out scenes ( dildo , threesome ) , not writing them .
The threesome in “ The Humbling ” has none of the quirkiness , the energy , the specificity of the threesomes in “ Portnoy ’s Complaint , ” either the one where “ the Monkey ” eats a banana and gets her name , or the one where they pick up an Italian prostitute who later brings her son , all dressed up in his Sunday best , to see them .
In the stripped - down later novels ( “ Everyman , ” “ Exit Ghost , ” “ Indignation ” ) , Roth seems to have dispensed with the detail and idiosyncratic richness of his earlier work .
As he writes about old men failing at sex , and raging about failing at sex , we see the old writer failing at writing about sex , which is , of course , a spectacle much more heartbreaking .
At this point , one might be thinking : enter the young men , stage right .
But our new batch of young or youngish male novelists are not dreaming up Portnoys or Rabbits .
The current sexual style is more childlike ; innocence is more fashionable than virility , the cuddle preferable to sex .
Prototypical is a scene in Dave Eggers ’s road trip novel , “ You Shall Know Our Velocity , ” where the hero leaves a disco with a woman and she undresses and climbs on top of him , and they just lie there : “ Her weight was the ideal weight and I was warm and wanted her to be warm ” ; or the relationship in Benjamin Kunkel ’s “ Indecision ” : “ We were sleeping together brother - sister style and mostly refraining from outright sex . ”
NEW YORK , Jan. 23 ( UPI ) --
Two New York plumbers were jailed after two police officers mistook a bag of candy for crack , authorities said .
" Sweet happens , " the New York Post Saturday quoted an unapologetic police source as saying of the mistake .
Advertisement
After Jose Pena and Cesar Rodriguez had gone into a liquor / convenience store to buy their usual coconut candy , two officers waiting outside asked to search their minivan .
" I said , ' Go search . '
I even opened the door , " Rodriguez said .
One officer rummaged around and , after finding a " Hello Kitty " sandwich bag with a crumbled substance inside , allegedly shouted " Bingo ! "
The two plumbers were handcuffed and taken into custody even though the officers could have realized their mistake on the spot , the men 's lawyer told the Post .
" That 's the reason why they have a field - test kit , " Neal Wallerstein said .
Pena was released after three days in custody and Rodriguez after five , the Post said .
" I did n't know having candy was a crime , " Rodriguez said .
“ We believe that we do our best for students when we give them tools to be analytical , to be able to gather information and to determine the validity of that information themselves , particularly in this world where people do n’t filter for you anymore , ” Dr. Coleman says .
“ We want to teach them how to make an argument , how to defend an argument , to make a choice . ”
These are the skills that liberal arts colleges in particular have prided themselves on teaching .
But these colleges also say they have the hardest time explaining the link between what they teach and the kind of job and salary a student can expect on the other end .
“ There ’s no immediate impact , that ’s the problem , ” says John J. Neuhauser , the president of St. Michael ’s College , a liberal arts school in Vermont .
“ The humanities tend to educate people much farther out .
They ’re looking for an impact that lasts over decades , not just when you ’re 22 . ”
When prospective students and their parents visit , he says , they ask about placement rates , internships and alumni involvement in job placement .
These are questions , he says , that he never heard 10 years ago .
St. Michael ’s , like other colleges , has adapted its curriculum to reflect demand .
The college had to create new sections of chemistry labs and calculus on the spot during summer registration , and it raised the cap on the number of students in a biology lab .
“ I ’d say , given the vagaries of the business cycle , people are looking for things that they know will always be needed — accountants , scientists , mathematicians , ” says Jeffrey A. Trumbower , dean of the college .
“ Those also happen to be some of the most challenging majors academically , so we ’ll see how these trends hold up . ”
Still , Dr. Neuhauser finds the careerism troubling .
“ I think people change a great deal between 18 and 22 , ” he says .
“ The intimate environment small liberal arts colleges provide is a great place to grow up .
But there ’s no question that smacks of some measure of elitism now . ”
There ’s evidence , though , that employers also do n’t want students specializing too soon .
The Association of American Colleges and Universities recently asked employers who hire at least 25 percent of their workforce from two - or four - year colleges what they want institutions to teach .
The answers did not suggest a narrow focus .
Instead , 89 percent said they wanted more emphasis on “ the ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing , ” 81 percent asked for better “ critical thinking and analytical reasoning skills ” and 70 percent were looking for “ the ability to innovate and be creative . ”
“ It ’s not about what you should major in , but that no matter what you major in , you need good writing skills and good speaking skills , ” says Debra Humphreys , a vice president at the association .
the sound and fury of theocratic deity abuse
Fundamentalist Christian zealots are holding prayer meetings to block ... uh ... expanded healthcare for their fellow Americans ?
Here ’s a story that seems like a perfect marriage of paranoia , political ridiculousness and a particularly potent strain of religious fundamentalism .
Rather then try to produce better health reform bills or to propose any sort of meaningful plans for dealing with healthcare issues in the United States , a very prominent Religious Right group decided to hold an organized evening of prayer to urge God to change the minds of Democrats who ’ll be voting on the current health bill .
Their justification ?
The Bible says that prayer affects government and since they have opinions about how laws should be made , they ’re going to sway lawmakers by supernatural means and drag our obnoxiously loud , counterproductive , irrational partisan squabbles into the realm of theology .
Yes , it ’s awfully hard to have a rational , secular society when millions of people living in the country want a full blown theocracy and will resort to magic in their opposition of laws with which they disagree .
We already have politicians who seem immune to reason , merely parroting whatever scaremongering or emotional points the memos sent out by their party said to emphasize .
We already have a government which trips over itself when trying to take on a really challenging task other than waging war .
Adding fundamentalist religion into the mix is just promoting this dysfunction and ensuring that the federal government could one day be reduced to a multi- trillion dollar mess which acts more like an anchor around our necks than a vehicle for running the nation .
Of course , this is n’t to say that religion alone hobbles government performance , but considering that we have a party that lacks the ability to govern competently and a party that ’s unable to govern in the first place , religion is likely to be the straw that ’s going to break the metaphorical camel ’s back .
Think about the idea of petitioning a supernatural entity that watches over the entire universe to descend to an unremarkable little planet in the middle of nowhere and act as your personal sock puppet .
And fundamentalist preachers foaming at the mouth over atheists ’ arrogance want to call themselves humble after pulling a stunt like this ?
Imagine being the CEO of a giant Fortune 100 enterprise and being dragged into a fight between a pair of temps about who has a more comfortable chair in her cubicle and whether it ’s fair for them to swap if one of them has been at the company one week longer .
That ’s what Focus on the Family and its drones want to do in the grand scheme of things .
Human problems should be solved by humans , not abstractions that are either just the stuff of legend or something on a scale beyond our everyday conception and bearing absolutely no resemblance to the petty dictator of our holy books .
If you ’re a theist who prays for God to descend into your selfish political affairs and alter the world to your liking , you have no business telling atheists about the virtues of humility since you have none to speak of .
Also , just as an afterthought , could theology professors who regard prominent atheists with contempt , telling them that holding up fundamentalism as being a legitimate example of religion is ignorant , step outside their dusty offices , open their eyes , and realize that there are millions upon millions of people who really do use the supernatural in the ridiculous and arrogant ways Dawkins , Harris and Hitches describe ?
Pretending that God is n’t being used as a supernatural hammer to beat others into submission does them no favors , it just makes them look completely out of touch with the real world since all we need to do to disprove their assertions that faith consists of ephemeral esoteric ponderings of scholarly minds is to look at the daily headlines .
A new version of the Spring Framework , version 3.0 , was released today .
InfoQ spoke with Juergen Hoeller , technical lead of the Spring Framework project , to learn more about this release and the changes that it brings to the Spring portfolio .
Hoeller indicated that the major new features which are present in Spring 3.0 are :
Java 5 required -
The core APIs have been updated to use Java 5 features such as generics and annotations , and Spring 3.0 now requires Java 5 or later
- The core APIs have been updated to use Java 5 features such as generics and annotations , and Spring 3.0 now requires Java 5 or later Spring Expression Language ( SpEL ) - Similar to the Unified EL found in JSF , construction of rich expressions is now greatly simplified
- Similar to the Unified EL found in JSF , construction of rich expressions is now greatly simplified Extended support for annotation - based components - Some of the Spring JavaConfig capabilities have been migrated into the core framework , such as @ Configuration , @ Bean and @ DependsOn
- Some of the Spring JavaConfig capabilities have been migrated into the core framework , such as , and Declarative model validation using constraint annotations - JSR 303 support has been added , and validation rules can now be added to beans using annotations such as @ NotNull and @ Max ( 23 )
- JSR 303 support has been added , and validation rules can now be added to beans using annotations such as and Comprehensive REST support in Spring MVC - Support for building RESTful servers and clients has been added
- Support for building RESTful servers and clients has been added Java EE 6 support - Many of the Java EE 6 features such as JPA 2.0 and JSF 2.0 are supported , and they work on non-EE 6 containers like Tomcat and J2EE 1.4 app servers
- Many of the Java EE 6 features such as JPA 2.0 and JSF 2.0 are supported , and they work on non-EE 6 containers like Tomcat and J2EE 1.4 app servers JSR 330 support -
The javax .
inject annnotations introduced by JSR 330 are now supported
- The annnotations introduced by JSR 330 are now supported Annotation - based formatting - Bean fields can be automatically formatted and converted using annotations such as @ DateFimeFormat( iso=ISO.
DATE ) and @ NumberFormat( style=Style.CURRENCY )
A comprehensive changelog and reference documentation are also available .
Hoeller touched upon SpEL in a bit more detail :
SpEL is a rich expression language that syntactically follows Unified EL , quite similar to the use of expressions in JSF .
We have our own expression parser with special capabilities that we are taking advantage of : for use in bean definition configuration but also for use in projects like Spring Integration .
In Spring core , " #{...} " expressions may be used in many places such as XML bean definitions and @ Value annotations , dynamically referring to other beans by name and dereferencing their properties in a concise fashion .
For example , the following XML block ( from the 3.0 documentation ) uses SpEL to configure the properties of a Spring bean by reading from the JVM's System properties :
< bean class = " mycompany.RewardsTestDatabase " > < property name= " databaseName " value= " #{systemProperties.databaseName} " /> < property name= " keyGenerator " value= " #{strategyBean.databaseKeyGenerator} " /> </ bean >
The new REST support was also explained a bit :
Our challenge was to bring REST support to the world of Spring MVC , putting powerful new functionality into the hands of MVC users .
We decided that native MVC support for path variable extraction , content negotiation etc was the right way to go here - considering Spring MVC 's strengths and taking them to the next level , without breaking the fundamental architecture .
This worked out well and makes it straightforward for existing Spring MVC applications to adopt REST features too .
Our primary focus is on web user interfaces following REST conventions .
Next to that , there is also an increasing interest in REST - based web services on a Spring MVC basis , in particular in combination with the OXM ( Object / XML Mapping ) module that became part of the Spring core now .
Finally , we are providing client - side support in the form of a Spring - style RestTemplate class , for interacting with a REST - oriented backend server programmatically .
For those who are on Spring 2.5 and who have updated their code to follow the annotation - based style which was adopted in that release , the upgrade path should be a smooth one - new features may be used selectively after upgrading to 3.0 , and no fundamental architectural changes are needed .
For those who are using older variants such as the form controller class hierarcy , these are still supported in 3.0 but are now deprecated .
To use new 3.0 features , a move to the annotation - based @MVC style is required .
For Spring 2.0 users , 99 % of the code should continue to work , however older components such as Apache Commons Attributes , WebLogic 8.1 and WebSphere 5.1 support have been removed .
When asked about future plans for the Spring Framework , Hoeller said that development will continue to be heavily influenced by the other projects in the Spring portfolio , such as Spring Integration , Spring Web Flow , SpringSource dm Server and Spring Roo .
For the 3.1 release , the feature set will be heavily influenced by Spring Integration 2.0 and Spring Web Flow 3.0 with capabilities such as first - class conversation management , extended support for scopes , and refinement of the annotation - based component model being planned .
After the planned release of 3.1 in mid 2010 there will be a follow - on 3.2 release , but the specific plans for 3.2 have not yet been finalized .
La Veta , Colorado ( CNN ) --
The crop has been harvested , and Diane Irwin 's secret technique paid off .
" Every morning I would go out and talk to my girls , " she said , " pray over them and ask them to provide good medicine . "
Her " girls " are marijuana plants destined for her son Jason 's medical marijuana dispensary in Denver .
At 48 , she has just wrapped up her first season as a pot farmer .
Her 62 plants yielded 13 pounds .
Irwin spent most of her life as a hairdresser and salon owner in a Denver suburb .
" I was into makeup and high - heeled shoes and fancy clothes and working -- a lot , " she said .
" I sold my salon and moved down to the country .
I wanted a change of pace . "
While Mom was looking for a midlife career change , her son was building a medical marijuana business , legal in Colorado since 2000 .
Diane Irwin loaned him $ 10,000 from the sale of her salon , and he opened Highland Health , a dispensary where patients who have been certified by the state can buy marijuana .
Jason Irwin concedes he began his marijuana enterprise on the wrong side of the law , " just getting cheap pounds and flipping them to my friends , " he said .
He was working full time as an arborist and dealing pot on the side when he saw an opportunity to take his business aboveboard .
In 2008 , he received state approval to open his dispensary .
In March , he got a patient 's card , citing chronic pain after a fender - bender .
He smokes marijuana often .
The medical marijuana business has boomed in Denver during the past year .
Jason Irwin 's dispensary was in place early , building clientele long before many of the newcomers arrived .
He has about 200 regular patients , he said , and another 500 who come by from time to time .
He employs four " bud tenders " and said he grosses about $ 5,000 a day .
But it 's not always easy to keep the pot in stock .
Though the dispensaries are legal in Colorado , the laws are vague about growing cannabis .
Legislators want to clarify the regulations , but until then , the dispensaries are getting their marijuana through unconventional routes .
" The connections are underground .
They 're not mainstream at all , " Jason Irwin said .
" We can't call the growers union .
There is no such thing .
" Instead of placing your order through a typical system ... you get a dude who comes down from the mountains and slaps a duffle bag on your desk .
It 's full of weed , and he 's like ' Here , pick what you want .
Do you want any ? '
And you 've got to dig through it , inspect it for yourself , make sure it looks kosher , weigh it , pay thousands of dollars .
It 's all cash at this point . "
See the different ways to take marijuana
Jason Irwin wanted to see those thousands of dollars stay in the family instead of going to the mountain dudes .
Enter Mom .
" He called me one day and he said , ' Mom , I think we should buy this land ' and ' How do you feel about growing medical marijuana ? '
And I said , ' OK . '
It was just a faith thing . "
Jason Irwin bought 37 acres in rural southern Colorado , tucked up against the Greenhorn Mountains .
That 's where his mom's new life began .
In June , they paid $ 3,000 for two greenhouses , supplies and marijuana seedlings .
Diane Irwin lived in an old camper and tended the plants .
" It was like an Outward Bound course for me , " she said .
" Living off the grid , roughing it .
We did n't have heat .
We did n't have running water .
We did n't have electricity most of the time .
The batteries were always going dead .
The greenhouse blew away a couple of times . "
But at least she had company : First - time marijuana farmers occupy the plots of land on both sides of the Irwin operation .
The trio formed an ad hoc collective , helping each other and learning from their mistakes .
They spent their days tending to their plants and their evenings grilling food along a nearby river .
One of the trio's concerns was security .
Their greenhouses are visible from the road and they worry about being robbed or hassled by police .
So far they have had no trouble , but if one grower needs to go into town for supplies , the others keep a watchful eye .
By early November , the plants were ready to harvest .
The Irwins filled several SUVs and pickup trucks with their crop and moved to a house they rented in nearby La Veta .
A closet in the house is filled with marijuana that is drying out .
The radio is set to NPR as Diane Irwin 's fellow farmers trim the stems and leaves off the plants .
The leftover twigs are run through a screen to form a powder that is packed by hand to form hashish .
With only a few pounds left to process , Diane Irwin is already looking forward to next year .
She hopes to triple their harvest .
" I 'm in for the long haul .
I really do feel like we 're pioneers bringing new life to medical marijuana , " she said .
Diane Irwin got her patient card in May before starting the farm , also citing chronic pain .
She rarely uses medical marijuana .
Jason Irwin said that until the state better defines its law , he thinks it 's wise for everyone in the business to have a patient card in case authorities question them while in possession of marijuana .
Colorado is one of 14 states that has legalized medical marijuana .
Federal law still bans its use .
But the Justice Department recently announced it would no longer seek to prosecute people using , prescribing or distributing marijuana for medical purposes as long as they 're in compliance with local laws .
Jason Irwin wants to expand his operation based on the models of the two businesses he most admires : Whole Foods and Starbucks .
" We hope to develop a business model that proves to be successful , that we can expand upon , hopefully to other states and communities , become like a really reliable consistent supplier of safe , tested cannabis , " he said .
For Diane Irwin , her new life in business with her son has n't quite set in .
" It was n't something I ever dreamed I would be involved in , " she said .
When her son was growing up , she adds , " I used to bust him all the time for marijuana .
I used to flush it down the toilet . "
TOKYO , Dec 19 ( Reuters ) -
The bodies of two men believed to have been climbing companions of former Japanese Formula One driver Ukyo Katayama have been found on Mt. Fuji .
Japanese media reported the bodies were discovered by a police rescue team on Saturday , a day after Katayama was picked up after making an emergency call .
Katayama ’s companions were feared dead after their tents blew away and the 46 - year - old former racing driver informed police they may have perished .
The three men started climbing Japan ’s sacred mountain on Thursday as part of preparations for an expedition to the South Pole .
Temperatures on the 3,776 - metre mountain had dropped below minus 25 degrees Celsius before dawn on Friday .
The trio pitched tents at around 2,750 metres .
Japan ’s Kyodo news agency reported that police were continuing to question Katayama , who told them his companions had “ drawn their last breath ” after wind tore their tents away .
Katayama himself was rescued by police shortly after noon on Friday at around 2,200 metres while attempting to make the tricky descent alone .
Katayama raced in 95 Formula
One races -- mostly for the Tyrell team between 1992 and 1997 -- finishing fifth twice and sixth once in his best season in 1994 .
Alias : PluginShortcuts
Summary : Application shortcut keys ( keyboard commands such as f11 , ctrl - t , ctrl -r ) fail to operate when plug - in ( flash , acrobat , quicktime ) has focus → Application shortcut keys ( keyboard commands such as f11 , ctrl+t , ctrl+r ) fail to operate when plug - in ( flash , acrobat , quicktime ) has focus
Something wicked this way comes .
There are a number of problems with these assertions , not the least of which is that when Saudi terrorists started flying hijacked jets into large buildings on September 11 , 2001 , George W. Bush had been president of the United States for the better part of eight months .
The lapses in memory noted above are all striking , but especially so in the case of Giuliani , who was , from September 11 until he dropped out of the presidential race on January 30 , 2008 ( a span of roughly 2,332 days , if my math is accurate ) , unable to say so much as “ hello ” without somehow shoehorning “ 9/11 ” into the conversation .
( He sounds even more clueless when he gets called out and tries to backtrack . )
At the time of the attacks Perino was living in San Diego and working in “ high - tech public affairs , ” so it ’s possible she missed the story .
Still , when she was hired as Press Secretary , you ’d think some mention of 9/11 would have been included in her orientation packet .
And Matalin – was n’t she working for Vice President Cheney at the time ?
In any case , it seems safe enough to classify 9/11 as a “ terrorist attack . ”
But the problems with this chicanery do n’t end with the fall of the World Trade Center towers .
A second wave of revisionism asserts that the US was a terror - free zone after 9/11 .
For instance :
Other prominent noise engineers have been beta - testing the meme for awhile .
The Dick is on record with this rhetorical misdirection : “ The important thing is whether the Obama administration will continue the policies that have kept us safe for the past eight years . ”
And , as Dave Neiwert and Blue Texan point out , Peggy Noonan was pioneering the meme in late 2008 .
Of course , these claims are objectively , demonstrably false .
While history teaches us to have low expectations for honesty when it comes to FOX News mouthpieces , Southern Republican governors , former Reagan speechwriters and Dick Cheney , Goodwin ’s column would be an on - the - spot , no - appeal , have - security - escort - him - from - the - premises - right - now firing offense at a real newspaper .
The facts , please ?
2002 attack against El Al ticket counter at LAX .
In July 2002 , Hesham Mohamed Hadayet opened fire at an El Al Airlines ticket counter at Los Angeles International Airport , killing two people and wounding four others before being shot dead .
A 2004 Justice Department report stated that Hadayet ’s case had been “ officially designated as an act of international terrorism . ” 2006 UNC SUV attack .
In March 2006 , University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill graduate Mohammed Reza Taheri - azar drove an SUV into an area of campus , striking nine pedestrians .
According to reports , Taheri - azar said he acted because he wanted to “ avenge the deaths or murders of Muslims around the world . ”
Taheri - azar also reportedly stated in a letter : “ I was aiming to follow in the footsteps of one of my role models , Mohammad Atta , one of the 9/11/01 hijackers , who obtained a doctorate degree . ”
…
2001 Anthrax attacks .
A March 2004 State Department report on “ Significant Terrorist Incidents , 1961 - 2003 ” quotes then - Attorney General John Ashcroft saying of the letters containing anthrax mailed to various targets :
“ When people send anthrax through the mail to hurt people and invoke terror , it ’s a terrorist act . ”
Five people were killed as a result of those letters in the autumn of 2001 .
2002 DC - area sniper .
The state of Virginia indicted Washington , D.C. - area sniper John Allen Muhammad — along with his accomplice , a minor at the time — on terrorism charges for one of the murders he committed during a three - week shooting spree across Maryland , Virginia , and Washington , D.C. Muhammad was convicted , sentenced to death , and subsequently executed for the crime .
Then there ’s the hundreds of cases of domestic terrorism aimed at women ’s health clinics during the Bush presidency .
Bob Cesca has compiled an extremely detailed record of terrorist attacks for the last three presidencies , and suffice it to say that the facts of the matter do not support the hype emanating from the right - wing noise machine .
( By the way , given how Matalin is trying to frame these “ issues , ” she should n’t have any problems with us chalking the underpants bomber and Fort Hood up to Bush ’s account , since Obama “ inherited ” those attacks .
Right ? )
Bring in da Noise
So what ’s really going on here ?
Giuliani , Matalin , Perino , Noonan , Barbour , Crowley , Cheney and Goodwin might be fork - tongued apparatchik tools of the first order , but they are not unacquainted with the facts .
On the contrary – they ’re very familiar with the facts .
They just do n’t like them .
At all .
So they hit the media trail with malice aforethought .
They had a plan , and the plan was to lie like a cheap toupée .
Why ?
“ Because they ’re congenital liars ” is n’t enough , even if it ’s true .
Check their lineages .
Review their résumés .
Trace their connections and study the organizations that fund their activities and the activities of their allies .
Remind yourself about the political and rhetorical landscape of the Bush years , when official speech came once and for all unhitched from fact , from truth , from any sense of decency or shame .
These were the years when the words spewing from our official organs ( and let ’s include FOX News and the transcriptionists working for most other mainstream media outlets in this formulation , because the message could n’t have been distributed without them ) ceased serving any master other than desired outcome .
You did n’t worry about telling the truth .
You figured out what you wished the truth were , what you wanted the truth to be , then you looked at the camera , said it with a straight face , and kept on saying it no matter what .
( NOTE : Technically speaking , you did n’t have to lie .
It was perfectly acceptable to tell the truth so long as it worked as effectively as a lie . )
It was n’t about the facts .
It was about the narrative .
And in the end , the decade of the ’00s saw the ultimate triumph of spin over journalism .
From here on out , if you assume good faith on the part of our official political and “ press ” institutions ever again you well and truly deserve what happens to you .
No , the truth is that these people do n’t go to the fridge for a beer without an agenda , and they all play their parts in the Long War Against America .
The foundation for our current predicament was laid in the 1960s by players who cared more about the war than the battle and who were willing to lose a few games along the way in order to establish a long - term right - wing dynasty .
If you ’ve been paying attention since , oh , 1980 or so , it may have occurred to you that the brains behind the “ conservative ” revolution were pretty good at it , too .
So it would be sheer stupidity to assume that the recent parade of revisionism headed by Perino , Matalin and Giuliani was an accident or a coincidence .
It makes infinitely more sense , given what we know about the Right ’s meme machine , to see these bald - faced assertions as the leading edge of a coordinated propaganda campaign .
But to what end ?
Ahhh , That Newspeak Smell
The short answer may look something like “ to make Bush ’s record look better , ” but that ’s hardly of long - term value in and of itself , even if it ’s correct .
He served his two terms and is n’t currently eligible to run again … although brother Jeb continues to lurk like a jackal just out of rock - throwing range .
Regardless , we ’d file “ making Dubya look better than he really was ” under “ means , ” not “ ends . ”
Remember , the only goal that matters is long - term Republican hegemony .
In that context , a literal reading of terrorism during the Bush years is a negative , and is something that a crafty opponent might be able to exploit .
If everyone believes that Bush was hell on terrorists , on the other hand , that meme serves future electoral and policy goals .
In the shorter term , it becomes a stick that can be used against Obama in 2012 ( and against all Dems in this year ’s mid-terms ) .
In the long term , it strengthens the perception that Democrats are pussies and Republicans have balls that drag the ground .
In combination with the “ world is a scary place ” meme , this makes for a powerful campaign platform .
The problem is that it ’s not always easy to burnish the image of someone whose record is replete with inconvenient facts .
Imagine , for instance , that you were hired by the descendants of Josef Stalin to polish his legacy .
There are lots of strategies you might employ , but there is that unfortunate little genocidal maniac problem – he did , after all , kill way more people than Hitler , and you can only smear so much lipstick on a war pig .
But what if , instead of working around the facts , you could change them ?
Perception is reality , especially in an era where words are not intended to signify actual objective facts .
Turns out Stalin did n’t kill 20 million people – Lenin and Khrushchev did that .
Sure , Stalin inherited a bit of a mess , but he was pure hell on the genociders while he was at the helm .
All of which is fun to contemplate , but how would you actually do it ?
A Blueprint for Bushevik Revisionism
If I were going to do it , here ’s the strategy I ’d employ .
Do n’t worry if it seems like the plan may take a long time and cost a lot of money – as it turns out , my GOP backers have plenty of both .
First off , I need a gullible audience .
Too many brainiacs will kneecap the entire project .
The best way to optimize my audience is to dumb down the education system as far as possible .
In particular , we ’ll need to shift the emphasis away from programs that foster analytical skills and self - reliance and toward programs that teach people to follow instructions .
“ Empowering ” parents and students and insisting on “ accountability ” by the runaway bureaucracy that is the public school system ( fueled by “ overpaid ” teachers and “ corrupt ” unions ) will be extremely helpful .
Next , I need a powerful strategy machine .
This is easy .
We just pour money into “ think tanks ” that attract bright minds and develop conservative “ ideas . ”
Money is the most compelling attractor in the world , and we can absolutely outspend our opponents .
Now that I have the meme - generation engine set up and the audience primed , we need a medium by which to transmit the message .
Our chances are going to be slim in a society that relies on a hard - nosed press that takes its watchdog responsibilities too seriously .
So we need a strong offensive against the Fourth Estate .
If media institutions see themselves as guardians of the “ public interest ” we ’ll get chewed up and spit out in little pieces ; however , if media institutions are businesses , then the goal is profit , just like any other business .
To that end , we ’ll lean heavily on the already dominant ideology of free enterprise in promoting ownership and taxation structures that corporatize the press .
We ’ll also promote the ( also well - established ) ideology of self - determination , which makes clear that people know what ’s best for themselves ( no matter how much evidence there is to the contrary ) .
Those who would suggest that the public ca n’t be counted on to know what ’s good for it we ’ll dismiss as paternalists and elitists and socialists .
There ’s tremendous power in telling people that they ’re right .
The public interest , by god , is what the public is interested in , and an appropriately undereducated populace can be counted on to ignore complex news in favor of splashy entertainment .
Now we ’re in great shape .
Citizens Consumers know they ’re right no matter what , so there ’s no reason to respect education .
They sneer along with our noisemakers at the elitists .
All opinions are equal .
Their self - worth is a function of what they can buy .
Their attention spans are insanely short .
They do n’t know history nor do they see any need for it – history is only relevant insomuch as it validates their immediate purchasing decisions .
Life is good .
Consumers know they ’re right no matter what , so there ’s no reason to respect education .
They sneer along with our noisemakers at the elitists .
All opinions are equal .
Their self - worth is a function of what they can buy .
Their attention spans are insanely short .
They do n’t know history nor do they see any need for it – history is only relevant insomuch as it validates their immediate purchasing decisions .
Life is good .
Once we have destroyed , though weakened educational programs and the noise media , the ability to critically evaluate data and to distinguish between information and disinformation , we begin working through a variety of channels to socialize the idea that “ controversial ” “ issues ” should be “ debated . ”
Since all opinions are equal and we have carefully crafted and distributed veritable libraries worth of disinfo , these debates become never - ending shoutfests that lead to more and more confusion ( although , ironically , increased public certainty that ill - informed opinions are fact ) .
A couple of “ ideas ” that should be “ debated ” : ubiquitous research demonstrating that our climate is warming and that human activity is in part to blame is part of a genocidal conspiracy and millennia - old superstitions are science .
Remember , the refusal to respect all opinions as equally valid is arrogant and elitist .
At this point we can begin shaping history a little more aggressively ( because “ facts ” are now in play and the insistence on their preeminence is de facto evidence of elitist condescension ) .
We ’ve won a number of battles over getting the “ creation ” “ debate ” into textbooks so students can “ consider all the facts ” and “ decide for themselves . ”
Ditto for the climate “ debate . ”
Now , time to codify the Newfacts .
Having softened up the textbook beachfront through a consumer - friendly treatment of manufactured controversy , we ’re ready to take the final step .
We rewrite history – literally .
Even if we have to include events like 9/11 , we now have the freedom to structure those lessons so that it looks like Bush “ inherited ” the attacks from Clinton and that Bush then became a warrior hero .
Over time , well , it ’s like they say – the winners write the history books .
And not all wars are fought with guns .
Our final co-option of the official textbook version of history will be significantly aided if we can call on long , cozy family relationships with powerful publishing interests .
Someone is guaranteed to read this scenario and cry “ conspiracy theory . ”
When that happens , you ’re encouraged to take a long , hard , critical look at how the person leveling the charge fits into the process outlined above .
The truth is that this blueprint involves no speculation at all .
It points to real events and draws logical conclusions about motives .
For instance , certain wealthy interests pour millions and millions of dollars into conservative think tanks that work in documented ways to shape public policies that are in the best interests of their donors .
No conspiracy theory is required to reach the obvious conclusions here .
In fact , any credible conservative will tell you that it ’s essentially American for people to invest their resources in ways that benefit their interests – that ’s what the free market is .
When people speak and act they do so for reasons , and many times we can figure out what these reasons are without too much trouble .
When a lot of people who are known allies say and do things that seem obviously coordinated – especially when they have a history of acting in concert toward common goals – we ’re well advised to pay attention and ask ourselves what ’s really going on .
Our future depends on the answers .
____________________
Thanks to those who helped me find resources for this story : Brandon Hersh at Media Matters , Matt Browner Hamlin , Julia at The Voice , Clifford Schecter , Ellen at Newshounds , Spencer Ackerman , Wendy Norris and David Neiwert .
The lawyers at the law firm of Magleby Cataxinos & Greenwood , handle intellectual property , business litigation and other complex legal issues for a wide range of local , national and international clients .
The firm is proud to count among its clients some of Utah ’s top technology , communications and biotech companies .
The firm ’s attorneys provide representation in state and federal trial and appellate courts throughout Utah , including Salt Lake City , Park City , Ogden , Provo and St. George .
They provide powerful advocacy designed to leverage their personal and professional qualifications with commitment and authority .
Although based in Utah , the firm ’s reach extends far beyond the state .
The patent practice of Magleby Cataxinos & Greenwood generates more work from national and international clients than from within the state .
Due to the firm ’s location and cost structure , its patent prosecution services cost a fraction of that of large west - and east - coast law firms , and its trial lawyers regularly handle cases across the country , with the most experience in New York , California and Texas .
The firm has extensive experience representing foreign and international clients in both patent prosecution and litigation .
With flat fees , capped fees and other custom arrangements , the firm is able to flexibly determine the type of representation you need .
We torched your farm - and we 'll come back to eat your children ...
They turned up that dark evening , as they would for many more to come , when supper was over .
Screaming ' out , out , out ' and thumping drums , Mugabe 's mob lit a noose of 50 fires around the farmhouse .
In the flickering circle of flames , it was easy to see the AK - 47 automatic rifles they waved above their angry faces .
Inside , the terrified white family repeated the words of Psalm 118 : ' The Lord is with me , I will not be afraid . '
Beaten : Mike , left , and Ben whose farmland in Zimbabwe was torched
There was no sleep for them .
At any minute the mob outside might break in and beat and torture them , just as they had done to other Africans , black and white .
It was only hours later , when dawn broke over Mount Carmel farm in Chegutu , 70 miles south - west of Zimbabwe 's capital , Harare , that Ben Freeth and his wife , Laura , finally dared to unlock their doors .
That night of terror was just one chilling episode in their battle against the dictator Robert Mugabe , 85 , and his henchmen .
Yet because Ben was running one of the biggest mango farms in Zimbabwe , with a crop that sold on the shelves of Marks & Spencer in Britain , he thought he could fight Mugabe 's determination to seize the land of the country 's white farmers .
How wrong he was .
Today , just 400 of those 5,000 white farmers remain in their homesteads and the Freeths have been hounded from Mount Carmel , which they shared with Laura 's father , Mike Campbell , and his wife , Angela .
The couple are now living at a friend 's house ten miles away and the Campbells , aged 76 and 68 , have decamped , penniless , to the relative safety of Harare .
The family threw in the towel after their homes were burned down in an arson attack last year .
It followed a threat from Mugabe 's men that they would eat Ben and Laura 's children - Joshua , ten , Stephen , eight , and Anna , four - and an horrific beating lasting nine hours in which the mobsters fractured 40 - year - old Ben 's skull and he , Mike and Angela were left with 13 broken bones between them .
Now the beleaguered family 's horrific story has been turned into an award - winning film , Mugabe And The White African , made and directed by the British duo Andrew Thompson and Lucy Bailey .
Destroyed : Mount Carmel was wrecked and hundreds of animals slaughtered
Already nominated for an Oscar , the documentary includes extraordinary and harrowing footage of the family 's life under seige , including the night - time attacks which were bravely filmed undercover by Ben and Mike .
Last month , Mugabe And The White African received the prize for best documentary at the British Independent Film Awards ; it comes hot on the heels of other stunningly successul small - budget documentaries such as Super Size Me , Fahrenheit 9/11 and Touching The Void .
Perhaps more importantly , the film will once again focus a much - needed spotlight on Zimbabwe , a country which was once the breadbasket of Africa , but where starvation now reigns , the rule of law has all but disappeared , and one in three has fled abroad to make a living .
For Ben's and Laura 's story is not simply about the plight of a white landowning family in Africa .
It depicts more vividly than words can say the devastating decline of an entire country and its people at the hands of a megalomaniac and his lynch mobs .
And it shows that even today , more than a year after a power - sharing agreement between President Mugabe and his former political rival Morgan Tsvangirai was meant to end the troubles , those lynch mobs are still going about their evil work .
The black workers at Mount Carmel were threatened with guns by the mobs , and told never to mix with white bosses again .
Shaking with fear , they were dragged off to brutal , all - night political indoctrination classes to ' persuade ' them of Mugabe 's way of thinking .
Dictator : Robert Mugabe was determined to seize land from white farmers
Every mango in the store house was stolen and the farm 's wildlife of 45 giraffes , 300 impala , 150 wildebeest and 50 elands , waterbuck , warthogs and zebra were slaughtered .
Today , the farm is derelict , its 40,000 fruit trees untended , and the land turning back to wild African bush .
It has been appropriated by Nathan Shamiyurara , an octogenarian former cabinet minister , close chum of President Mugabe and his official biographer .
The family 's account of Mount Carmel 's downfall exposes the brutal reality of living in a country in the grip of a despot happy to abduct , beat , torture and kill those who oppose his views , whatever their skin colour .
Above all , it shames the western world - and particularly Britain as the country 's former colonial power - for its failure to intervene while African leaders did nothing for fear of criticising ' one of their own ' .
A successful case brought by this brave family against the Zimbabwean government at an international human rights ' court counted for nothing .
The judges of the 15 - nation Southern African Development Community in Namibia condemned Mugabe for racism , ruled he was in contempt of court , and said the land grabs from white farmers must halt .
Yet the words fell on deaf ears , and the dictator simply reiterated his view : ' The white man is not indigenous to Africa .
Africa is for Africans .
Zimbabwe for Zimbabweans .'
A document distributed soon afterwards by his cabinet promised that the evictions would continue .
' No foreigner should be allowed to own rural agricultural land in Zimbabwe , ' it declared defiantly .
Yesterday , Ben said he always knew there would be consequences taking on Mugabe .
' He 's a dictator - he does n't brook any opposition .
As a family , we felt it was very important to let the world know what was going on in this country , so something might be done at last to end the suffering of so many people here .
' This is a country in chaos and without a rule book .
Lots of black people and whites are getting hurt , many are starving , yet no one has blown the whistle . '
Until now .
Escape : Zimbabwe became a country of tragic stories as many tried to flee
Ben nowadays has a clipped dark moustache and military bearing .
He was born in Kent and settled in Zimbabwe as a child , taken there with his family after the country 's independence in 1980 .
His father , a retired Royal Artillery officer , was hired by Mugabe to set up a staff training college for the national army and Ben was sent back to study at the Royal Agricultural College in Gloucestershire .
On his return , he married blonde - haired Laura , 39 , whose family has farmed in Africa since 1713 .
They built a house at Mount Carmel , the 12,000 - hectare estate bought by her father , Mike , for a commercial farming and safari enterprise .
Mike had taken out a huge loan to buy the farm , by savannah grassland with a river running through it .
He introduced nine species of antelope and other wildlife .
More than 500 local people lived and worked at a thriving Mount Carmel until the land attacks took their eventual toll .
Ben remembers the day the mobs first arrived with clarity .
' Early in 2000 , we were driving to visit another farm with our son Joshua , at four months old , in a carrycot in the back seat .
' Some invaders had erected a road block on the driveway .
They stopped us and smashed our car windows with axes and rocks .
We had to drive for our lives to get away . '
Such attacks would become commonplace .
And , if , anything , things became even worse in April 2008 , when Mugabe lost the presidential election to his rival , the Movement for Democratic Change leader Morgan Tsvangirai .
The old dictator clung to power as political rioting engulfed the country in the months before a run- off contest .
Murders , beatings , rapes and mutilations were orchestrated across Zimbabwe by militia groups from Mugabe 's Zanu - PF to stop black MDC supporters voting .
Ben was told by a black foreman from a nearby farm that hands of MDC supporters were being cut off , so the could not sign their names on the ballot papers .
' Some of them were asked if they wore long sleeves or short sleeves .
Shared : Mugabe has now been forced to set up a power - sharing government with Morgan Tsvangurai
If a man replied short sleeves , they cut his right arm off at the top with an axe .
If he said long sleeves , they cut his right hand off at the wrist , ' he explains .
Little wonder that Tsvangirai suddenly pulled out of the run-off contest two months later , saying that his MDC party could not ask people to cast a vote if it was to cost them their lives .
It was around this time that 15 mobsters appeared at Ben's and Laura 's window , singing , chanting and crashing metal bars together .
They broke into his farmhouse , dragged burning tyres through the front door and carried them up into the loft to set fire to the thatched roof .
By a miracle , they failed to catch light .
' I called the police , but then the invaders took the phone away , ' Ben says .
' Their leader , who called himself Landmine , was armed with a rifle .
They pushed us around , raised sticks and said we must leave .
One of them went up to the children and made hyena noises . '
When the police arrived , Landmine and his men left the house shouting the chilling words : ' We will eat your children . '
Worse was to come at the end of June 2008 , when a militia of young turks from Mugabe 's Zanu - PF party came calling at Mount Carmel .
They cornered Laura 's parents Mike and Angela on a Sunday afternoon as they tended an orphan calf in their farmyard .
They beat the elderly couple with guns , put a burning stick in Angela 's mouth , broke her arm and tied the couple up .
When Ben drove over from his house to try to help , rocks were thrown at his head and he was rifle - whipped so severely it broke his skull .
The three blood - soaked figures were dragged off to Mike 's station wagon and driven away by the mobsters as they waved rifles out of the windows .
At a militia camp 12 miles away , the beatings continued as Mike slipped in and out of consciousness .
The old man was an hour from death , doctors said later .
Angela was forced to sign a piece of paper promising the family would not continue their court battle over land reforms .
Then they were driven off again and dumped on the roadside .
One of their attacker 's final words was : ' I am sorry for what we did to you . '
Ben , still concussed , walked to a nearby cottage to get help and the three were taken to hospital .
At the Southern African Development Community hearing a fortnight later , Mike was too weak to attend and his memory is still damaged .
Ben , who has lost his sense of smell because of the beatings , attended with black eyes , a bruised face and white bandage around his head .
Yet still the family stuck it out at Mount Carmel .
They hoped that when Mugabe was finally forced to set up a powersharing government with Tsvangirai in September 2008 , after intense pressure from South Africa and the rest of the world , things would improve .
How wrong they were .
The harrassment by the mobs continued until , eventually , both their homes and those of their black workers were burned down over four days at the end of August last year .
Ben and Laura were at church with the family when the blazes started .
Even a linen factory set up and run by Laura for the local community was torched to destruction .
' There was just enough time for me to get my family 's passports and our computer , but that was all , ' said Ben .
' We were left with the clothes on our backs .
We felt so helpless , our family history has been destroyed , the photos , the children 's baby books , records of holidays , the kids ' toys .
' While we fought the fire , some of the thugs were driving around on our own tractor with our water pumps and dowsers , but they did n't come near us .
They were probably laughing at us . '
It was the final indignity .
At first the family were determined to return and rebuild Mount Carmel .
Now , reluctantly , they have given up that idea because it is in the hands of Mr Shamiyurara and his relatives and associates .
Today , Ben and his family survive on the proceeds from a new linen factory employing their old black workers , which they have set up in a nearby town .
But they will never quit Zimbabwe .
As he said yesterday : ' I believe you can be white and African .
Why not ?
You can be white and American , or black and American .
My father - inlaw 's family came to Africa to live and work nearly 300 years ago .
He has nowhere else to go because Zimbabwe is his country . '
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Brian Henson , Brian Henson interview , Farscape : The Complete Series , Jim Henson
Interviews Home / TV Home / Bullz - Eye Home
If there ’s any question in your mind as to whether or not creativity is an inherited trait , then surely it takes only a glance at Brian Henson ’s list of credits to know that he ’s very much his father ’s son .
That father , of course , is the late Jim Henson , and both Brian and his sister Lisa have done a considerable amount to keep the Jim Henson Company alive , well , and very much a part of the lives of our children , including such series as “ Bear in the Big Blue House , ” “ Sid the Science Kid , ” and “ Dinosaur Train . ”
For the adults , however , the studio ’s greatest accomplishment is “ Farscape , ” a sci - fi series which has earned a tremendous cult following over the years , but with any luck , that cult will soon be entering the mainstream , thanks to the release of “ Farscape : The Complete Series . ”
Bullz - Eye was fortunate enough to be able to chat with Henson in conjunction with the set ’s release , learning about the origins of the series , getting his thoughts on the show ’s legacy , and more … and by “ more , ” we mean that , yes , we did sneak in one question about the Muppets at the very end .
Brian Henson : Is that Will ?
Bullz - Eye : It is !
BH : Hi !
How long have you been waiting ?
I ’m so sorry …
BE : ( Laughs )
It ’s okay .
Only about ten minutes .
BH : Well , anyway , I ’m sorry .
Look , I ’m not doing a crazy - big battery of interviews , so do n’t worry .
Talking to you is important to me , and I just got held up on this other one .
BE : No problem .
I just appreciate you taking the time .
Now , I would be remiss if I did n’t begin with just a blanket thank - you to your entire bloodline , because as if you guys had n’t given me enough with the Muppets and “ Farscape , ” you ’ve also given my daughter “ Bear in the Big Blue House , ” “ Sid the Science Kid , ” and “ Dinosaur Train . ”
BH : Oh , well , thank you for saying that .
How old ’s your daughter ?
BE : She ’s four .
BH : Oh , great !
Oh , she ’s at a good age for those shows !
BE : Absolutely .
She ’s watched “ Sid ” since it premiered , and , in fact , I was at your studios when you had the kick - off for the show , so I was able to coast for quite awhile just on the fact that I could say , “ You know , I actually met Sid … ”
BH : ( Laughs )
That ’s funny .
BE : But on the subject that brought us here today , I ’ve been a “ Farscape ” fan since I discovered it upon its first DVD release , with the single - season sets .
BH : Well , I ’m glad !
BE : Now , I kind of had the perception originally that “ Farscape ” was more or less Rockne O’Bannon ’s baby , period .
But I have since read that you guys actually came up with the idea together in the early ‘ 90s , except it was called “ Space Chase ” then .
Does the truth lie somewhere the two ?
On the idea of " Farscape " having living starships : " That allowed us to go , ' You know , this is pretty good , because we do n’t need populations that know how to work their laser guns and know how to fly through space .
We can populate this with characters that are not that intelligent . '
That allowed us to start to develop this very wild tone , where the characters are emotional and unpredictable and sometimes quite stupid , and they do things you do n’t expect .
It allows the stories to get a lot richer , and it allows the show to get much more passionate and primal and unpredictable than ' Star Trek . ' "
BH : Well ...
( Takes a deep breath )
We ’re an enormously respectful company , and Rockne absolutely wrote the show , but it takes a team to do anything .
And , yes , before Rockne was even involved , we were working on our science fiction series that involved an alternate universe where there were many quite extreme creature populations .
It was a little wilder , had a higher content of comedy , but also still was quite adult , so it would still have life and death stakes , and it would have compelling stories for adults .
But we were n’t very far along .
I think we then started talking to creators who might want to work with us in creating in that vein , and we met Rock and liked him a whole lot .
And then we started working together , and it was a very collaborative process , but every page of it was written by Rockne .
But we were working on the show for four years before we went on air on Sci - Fi , so it was a long time , and , yeah , I was very heavily involved , and there was a lot of work from our London Creature Shop .
There were a lot of people involved .
BE : I can imagine .
So how much did the show evolve from the initial discussions to its actual premiere ?
From your side of it , it sounds like the more comedic aspects were changed somewhat .
BH : Well , it was more comedic , but I still feel like the comedy moments in “ Farscape ” make for one of the most delicious elements of the series , the fact that , at times , it really does get a little bit outrageous and absurd in a way that makes you laugh .
It ’s nice when it ’s set over a dramatic storyline , and often it ’s in the most dramatic situations that we have the funniest moments .
Well , let ’s see .
Right from the beginning , Rockne latched onto the idea that …he really wanted to take the Earth point of view into the show .
I think he felt that that was the first stepping - off point that would differentiate us from “ Star Trek , ” which was clearly the biggest thing around when we were first working on “ Farscape . ”
He wanted to take an American and put them into this series so that our point of view could be our lead character ’s point of view , so that when you watched “ Farscape , ” the lead character would be the audience ’s point of view , which you ca n’t do in “ Star Trek . ”
In “ Star Trek , ” none of the characters have our point of view because they ’re not from Earth and they ’re not from America .
Right from the beginning , Rock said , “ I need to get an American out there , a typical American guy , and I do n’t want it to be an astronaut , but it has to be an astronaut to get him up there .
So let ’s think of a way that somehow there ’s a scientist … ”
So that ’s how we got John Crichton , who is n’t really trained as an astronaut .
He was a physicist who had an experiment that he wanted to do with this little ship , and it was just a routine thing for NASA , and it was meant to be something he could do , even though he was n’t very trained as an astronaut .
But he got sucked into a wormhole and is now in an alien universe .
So that was his first jumping - off point , and that never changed .
He always knew that was the essence of the piece .
And then we started creating alien populations and dynamics , and the bad guys were created .
And initially the bad guys were too much like the Nazis , but clearly the Peacekeepers started …we wanted something that was a Nazi - like empirical presence .
And …again , this was Rock ’s idea , but we had to answer , “ How do you keep the show moving ? ”
Whereas in “ Star Trek , ” the way it keeps moving is that they ’re on a mission , and their mission is to explore , so they always have to be exploring new worlds and new territories .
BE : Sure .
The final frontier and all that .
BH : Exactly .
So what we did was , we said , “ Here ’s what we need to do : we ’ve got this bad empire , we ’ll call them the Peacekeepers , and we have to figure something out in the very first episode that makes the Peacekeepers want to hunt our guy from Earth .
And from then on , that ’s what ’s going to keep the show moving : the fact that he ’s running from the law . ”
And as you mentioned , initially the show was called “ Space Chase , ” and we felt , like , “ Okay , that ’s a pretty boring , kidsy title , ” but that ’s where it was .
So you can see that , from the beginning , we kind of had that pretty quick , and in a lot of ways , we never veered from that .
We just started putting more and more bones on it , really figuring out what the Peacekeepers were , and eventually we were creating all the other populations .
But the Leviathans …coming up with the Leviathans , I think , also opened up a whole idea .
When we were initially talking , Rockne wanted Moya really to be basically a whale that flies in space , that it really is an organic life form , and a species that exists in space , and people just take a ride on Leviathans .
And then we got caught in the conversation , and we said , “ No , that ’s a little too weird .
What , are they walking around on goopy beds ? ”
We did a bunch of production designs , and we thought , “ Okay , this is a little odd .
It ’s not quite right , but the idea ’s really cool and new . ”
So we came up with the idea that we ’re with populations and species that have been around for so long that the Leviathans started as spaceships that somebody was building .
And they were just spaceships , made of metal and wires , but because they ’d made their computer processors self - aware , they started to rebuild themselves , and then they started to develop biologically .
So now what we have is a species of spaceships , they are now alive , and they do reproduce .
And that started this whole direction where we were , like , “ Oh , how cool !
So if we ’re in a universe that has been developing for this long , then we do n’t need a crew with a Scotty , who knows how to fix the warp drive , and we do n’t need our crew to actually have any technical understanding of how this all works . ”
And that allowed us to go , “ You know , this is pretty good , because we do n’t need populations that know how to work their laser guns and know how to fly through space .
We can populate this with characters that are not that intelligent . ” ( Laughs )
They could be a little more primal and a little more primitive , and some of them do n’t know how anything works , but they ’re in a world where you can catch a ride .
There are many different ways to move around .
So , anyway , that allowed us to start to develop this very wild tone , where the characters are emotional and unpredictable and sometimes quite stupid , and they do things you do n’t expect .
It allows the stories to get a lot richer , and it allows the show to get much more passionate and primal and unpredictable than “ Star Trek . ”
And that started us developing what we thought was a very exciting direction to take science fiction in .
BE : To talk about passion , with the whole will they / wo n’t they relationship between Crichton and Aeryn , were there lengthy discussions about how long you were going to make that last or not last ?
BH : Well , yes , and again , this was very important to Rockne .
At the time we were developing “ Farscape , ” nobody was putting central romances in anything on television .
Everybody had said , “ You ca n’t do it , it does n’t work , and people are bored by it , ” so shows were …everybody ’s always attracted to each other , but if they have a one - night stand , they ’re going to have a reason why they ca n’t talk to each other .
There was really an anti-romance sort of movement .
And this probably happened later in the development , the idea that Aeryn and Crichton should be , like , the biggest romance ever , and make it the strongest and most delicious romance ever , and to do it at a time when nobody was trying to do that .
Now , I… ( Starts to laugh ) … I ’m not entirely sure if it was done the way Rockne would …
( Trails off )
Well , anyway , we decided that the best way to do that was to keep pulling them apart , and not to just allow them to get deeper and deeper together , and not to allow them to date and then get married and develop their relationship to another level and be stable .
We thought , “ No , no , no , it needs to be absolutely not in question that they both love each other more than anything , but we ’ve got to keep pulling them apart , and we ’ve got to keep finding reasons why they can never just love each other . ”
And that was fun .
But , really , it was done to make sure they stayed in love .
On the character of Rygel : " We had this little character who just looked like a weird kind of toy , but ugly and icky and , by the way , he ’s a monarch and a hugely powerful being where he comes from .
But here amongst this group , he ’s just an annoying little dog .
So , anyway , we always knew what we were doing .
We made fun of him like he was a puppet in a lot of ways .
I mean , Rygel … if you have to hide Rygel , where do you hide him ?
You hide him in a garbage can ! "
BE : Scorpius is unquestionably a definitive sci-fi villain .
Did he come about because of a desire to expand beyond the more human - looking type of villain ?
BH : Yeah , and in fact , in the early stages , he was going to be a puppet , an animatronic character , but we ended up cutting it early on , even before we started making the show , because it was too expensive to figure out how to do it .
But it was meant to be a really , really weird - looking creature ( Laughs ) And Rock ’s idea was that he would be , like , the evil equivalent of Spock , which basically was how he came into the show in the end .
He ’s not a Peacekeeper , but he works for the Peacekeepers , and they need him because of how extraordinary his thinking is , because of how smart he is .
But he ’s just kind of evilly self - centered , and …
( Starts to laugh )
Okay , I guess where I ’m going with this is that , yes , he was very alien , and initially the idea was that he was a really bad guy .
It was n’t until we got him on there that we were loving him so much that we kind of wanted him in even more and more .
So we started putting him into the crew and getting him stuck with them for episodes on end , and then we started exploring how , y’know , maybe he ’s not all bad .
Maybe he ’s just self - centered .
Maybe it ’s because of the awful , horrible childhood he had .
And all that sort of stuff .
So he ’s sort of a sympathetic character , but at the same time , you always know he ’s going to be a turncoat , and he ’s always going to align himself wherever his interests are served .
BE : Aside from Crichton , given that he was the thrust of the show , who was your favorite character on “ Farscape , ” and why ?
BH : Oh , you know what ?
I do n’t think you ’re really meant to have favorite characters …or , at least , I ’m not !
I ’ll tell you , though , that the ones that I was most impressed with were …well , first , there ’s Aeryn .
Aeryn turned out to be a much more complex and just great character than I think we knew she was going to be , I think , and that was largely down to Claudia Black and her performance of that character .
She just brought so much to that character .
So I think that ’s one of my favorites .
Pilot ’s also one of my favorite characters , and it ’s also a great animatronic character .
Animatronics …it ’s very hard to do them very well .
And I think Rygel is really good , too , but Rygel at times is not as strong as Pilot .
The idea of this large animatronic character that is so alien and yet is so soulful …
I feel very proud of that character , too .
So I guess in some way Aeryn and Pilot rise above the others , but I love the whole cast .
BE : You brought up Rygel , which leads me to wonder : what ’s the worst thing you ever heard anyone say about him ?
I ’m sure he tended to be the lead argument for anyone who wanted to sneer , “ Ugh , it ’s sci - fi with Muppets ... ”
BH : Oh , I did n’t care .
We knew exactly what was going on , because right from the beginning , that was what we … I mean , we gave the critics that comment , because John Crichton walks straight into the room and says , “ What the fuck are you , a Muppet ? ”
Or whatever .
Of course , he does n’t swear , but , you know , that was what we were doing , and we were doing it deliberately .
We had this little character who just looked like a weird kind of toy , but ugly and icky and , by the way , he ’s a monarch and a hugely powerful being where he comes from .
But here amongst this group , he ’s just an annoying little dog .
So , anyway , we always knew what we were doing .
We made fun of him like he was a puppet in a lot of ways .
I mean , Rygel … if you have to hide Rygel , where do you hide him ?
You hide him in a garbage can !
( Laughs )
We were doing it in the writing room .
You do n’t hide him somewhere cool ; you hide him in the garbage can .
That ’s the kind of thing we were always doing to Rygel .
How do you humiliate him ?
How do you disrespect him ?
Because that was part of what we were enjoying doing .
BE : When the show was on the air , the audience was fairly limited .
I mean , it was on Sci - Fi , and their profile was n’t as huge then as it was now .
Do you find that the show ’s audience has grown , and that more people have stumbled upon it over the years ?
" I still feel like the comedy moments in ( ' Farscape ' ) make for one of the most delicious elements of the series , the fact that , at times , it really does get a little bit outrageous and absurd in a way that makes you laugh .
It ’s nice when it ’s set over a dramatic storyline , and often it ’s in the most dramatic situations that we have the funniest moments . "
BH : Well , the audience … I guess a lot of it is the international attention .
In England , it was on BBC 2 , which is much more like being on NBC here , so there ’s a lot more of the country that knows about “ Farscape ” in England .
Has it grown stronger ?
You know , I think … because we worked on it for so many years and did so much “ Farscape , ” you can get deeper and deeper into “ Farscape ” and get involved in it , and if you ’re a science fiction fan , that ’s a really important thing .
And it ’s particularly great for this DVD box set .
One of the criticisms of “ Farscape ” when we were on the air was that it was hard to catch up , that if you missed a few episodes and then tuned in , you might feel lost , and that might get you a little angry .
That ’s really why getting this show as a box set is a science fiction fan ’s dream : because they really Aery n’t episodes .
You start at the beginning , and you ’re gonna watch an 80 - hour movie …and there ’s no other 80 - hour movie on the market !
( Laughs )
And you can just keep pausing the movie , and you can watch it for , y’know , months .
But what ’s great is that it does pay off to have watched all of the episodes , so the stories are more complex and have much broader arcs that can span across an entire season .
Characters develop so much more on “ Farscape ” than on most TV series , where producers are more careful to make sure that , whether you tune into Episode 2 or Episode 32 , you ’ve still got the same show and the characters are still the same characters .
Whereas on “ Farscape , ” we did n’t really do that , and we allowed the show to develop .
And because of that , our fans of the show as the show was on the air … the fan base grew both bigger and deeper .
And since we ’ve come off the air , what ’s happened is that more and more people have been introduced to the show on DVD , or they ’ve been downloading it on iTunes , and they ’ve been able to start at Episode 1 and go right through to the end .
And they come out of that feeling like they ’ve really had a rewarding rollercoaster .
It really is n’t just episodic television .
BE : How many more stories are there to tell about life in the Uncharted Territories ?
BH : Oh , there are infinite stories !
How can you even ask ?
( Laughs )
BE : ( Laughs )
Well , I guess I ask because there ’s been talk about webisodes in the past , but we still have n’t seen them , so …
BH : Yeah , well , actually , we ’ve done very good creative work , so I know what we ’ll do when we can do it , but …it ’s been a little tricky just trying to line up where ’s the right place to put “ Farscape ” back out there , and raising the money for that .
It ’s been a little tough .
But we will get there .
BE : So how important is “ Farscape ” to the Jim Henson Company ?
Given how much time has gone by , is there ever any urge to just move on and create a new highbrow concept ?
BH : Well , I think that we ’re certainly not adverse to creating another adult science fiction concept .
There is n’t a lot of …we have n’t made it a high priority right now , but continuing “ Farscape ” is a high priority , so in that sense , I think we ’re still with “ Farscape . ”
But would we not do another science fiction ?
No .
We would certainly do another one if something came up .
But “ Farscape ” … we ’re a company that embraces everything .
Look at “ Dark Crystal . ”
We ’re heading toward making another movie , and that ’s , what , 25 years or more ?
BE : When you see other sci - fi shows , do you see some of the influence of “ Farscape ” in them ?
Or do you at least think you do ?
( Laughs )
Because I can see it in “ Battlestar Galactica ” and “ Doctor Who , ” in the sense that there ’s more emotion to them .
BH : Yeah .
And “ Stargate , ” even .
When we came on the air , I do n’t know where “ Stargate ” was at that point .
The movie was definitely out , but I do n’t know if there was a TV series yet .
Maybe there was .
I think we were producing at about the same time .
But I certainly saw cross-feeding or cross-pollinating … ( Laughs ) … between “ Farscape ” and “ Stargate . ”
BE : If someone is watching the show for the first time by way of the box set , do you have any advice for them before diving in ?
BH : No .
They should just watch … but watch them in order .
That would be my advice , because that ’s the way you get the most rewarding experience … and it really will be rewarding .
I mean , you could watch one entire season that is n’t Season 1 first if you wanted , but it really is like having the five “ Harry Potter ” books or whatever .
It really does progress from where it starts .
It ’s not like normal episodic TV , where you can watch them in any order you want .
Oh , and just one other thing I would add is that there are two versions of the box set that are out , and people should know that .
The box set of the series is broadly available now , and that ’s Seasons 1 through 4 , and that ’s a great product , but if people really want to also have the miniseries that finished it ( “ The Peacekeeper Wars ” ) , that package is available exclusively at Best Buy .
It ’s also more expensive , but if they want all four seasons plus the miniseries all in one box set , then they have to go to Best Buy to get it .
BE : Speaking of the miniseries , in an interview on the box set , you basically credit the fans with getting it off the ground by helping put you in contact with investors .
Without opening the floodgates , how important are the core fans to the future of “ Farscape ” ?
BH : Oh , hugely important .
BE : You seem very much like the go - to guy for “ Farscape ” these days .
Do you feel like your profile within the show has gotten higher since you directed “ The Peacekeeper Wars ” ?
Because you were always there , but suddenly you were out in front and directing it .
BH : Well , I ’d directed the first episode , too …
BE : Sure .
BH : … but from the beginning of the show , I was supervising all of the production design , what the show was going to look like , what the creatures were , how we were going to make them , and how we were going to make this show .
And going down to Australia , we actually shot Episode 3 first , but I directed that and was working with all of the other directors .
The show was made under a co-production agreement with Australia whereby all the directors of the series would be Australian .
And we said , “ Okay , that ’s great , but I want to direct the first episode , just so that people can actually see what we ’re thinking of , how the cameras are going to be working , how the tone works , and from then on , it ’ll be all Australian directors . ”
So I was always very much a director presence , but initially I could only direct that first episode , and then I worked with the other directors .
But then when we did the miniseries , we were n’t doing it under the same co-production arrangement , so I was able to direct that one and produce it .
BE : So do you , Rockne , and David ( Kemper ) all still stay in touch as far as spitballing ideas ?
BH : Yes , but , I mean , how much do you stay in touch with …
( Stops , then starts again ) Yes .
The answer is “ yes . ” Mostly I was working with Rockne and Ricky Manning on the creative work for the next chapter of “ Farscape , ” when we ’ve been working on what you ’ve been hearing about , the webisodes and whatnot .
Definitely Rockne and I stay in touch , always .
BE : Is David still involved ?
BH : But there ’s no “ still . ” ( Laughs )
We ’re not in production .
Rockne has been involved in everything , so Rockne has been working with the comic books , and Rockne has been working with Ricky Manning on the creative for the webisodes .
But that ’s all that ’s going on right now in terms of “ Farscape . ”
BE : Obviously , I ’m sure he would be proud to have his name on it , but what do you think your father would ’ve thought of “ Farscape ” ?
Was he a sci-fi aficionado ?
BH : No , I do n’t think he was an aficionado , but he was always impressed by anybody trying to do something new .
He definitely enjoyed “ Star Trek ” and would definitely see all of the movies .
But , yeah , I think he would love it .
What we were doing was something quite new and original .
Tonally , it was original .
The creatures … certainly , what we were doing with creatures and visual style and camera style was , for television , completely innovative and new .
And , y’know , I think my dad would be very proud of anything that our company makes where you go , “ Wow , you guys all got your creative six - guns out and are shooting all over the place ! ” ( Laughs )
And that was definitely a series where everybody was very creatively invested .
I mean , when you watch “ Farscape , ” that ’s an army of artists , all 100 % committed .
BE : And , lastly , for the obligatory Muppets question , I was just curious about the status of the next Muppet movie .
BH : Well , as I ’ve said to other people , that ’s really a question for Disney .
BE : Oh , okay .
BH : Yeah , you should talk to Disney and ask them .
I really only … I mean , obviously , I know everybody over there , but it ’s really a question for them to answer .
You know , they ’re trying to make sure the next thing that the Muppets do , the next big thing , is a theatrical movie , and that ’s good .
That ’s something that I ’m very supportive of .
It ’s taken them awhile to come ‘ round to thinking that that ’s what the next thing that the Muppets should do , but I ’m very glad that that is what they ’re thinking now .
BE : Did Jason
Segel come and bow at your feet when he started talking about doing a Muppet movie ?
BH : No , but , again , you ’re assuming that he would ’ve come to me .
( Laughs ) Jason went to Disney to talk about doing a Muppet movie .
Yeah , we ’re not the office that is developing Muppet product right now .
We ’re not running that .
We ’re helping Disney wherever we can and consulting with them , but it ’s not being developed out of our story departments or our folks .
BE : I just did n’t know how hands - on you were with it .
Like , for instance , are you involved at all as far as , say , with the Muppet Studios on YouTube ?
BH : Well , they have n’t been doing a lot , but I help when I can .
There ’s just not an enormous amount of activity there .
BE : Well , the “ Bohemian Rhapsody ” clip that ’s making the rounds right now is certainly blowing up .
BH : Yeah , but it ’s not like it took three months to produce or anything .
( Laughs )
But , yeah , “ Bohemian Rhapsody ” is good .
BE : Well , it ’s been a pleasure talking to you , Brian .
Like I said , I ’m very psyched that “ Farscape ” is out in its entirety , so I can explore it from top to bottom .
: Lovely to talk to you , too , Will .
Take care !
OML has thousands of free addictive Flash and HTML5 Games like Droppy .
Did you enjoy Droppy ?
Play more .
Always fast , free and no login required ... new games added daily !
The red shows the neutral hydrogen gas mapped with CSIRO 's Australia Telescope Compact Array and Parkes radio telescope , while the blue dot represents Chandra X-ray Observatory data showing the magnetar .
The gas void around the magnetar is 110 by 75 light years wide .
If a magnetar flew past Earth within 100,000 miles , the intense magnetic field of the exotic object would destroy the data on every credit card on the planet .
This is not likely to happen , though , seeing as there are not many magnetars around .
Recent research postulates that magnetars come from the death of very massive stars , which may mean that the dozen or so magnetars so far seen may be all our galaxy holds .
" The source of these very powerful magnetic objects has been a mystery since the first one was discovered in 1998 , " said Bryan Gaensler from the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics .
" Now , we think we have solved that mystery . "
Gaensler and his team investigated the gas around the magnetar called 1E 1048.1- 5937 , located 9,000 light - years away in the constellation Carina .
They found evidence that the original star , out of which the magnetar formed , had a mass 30 to 40 times that of the Sun .
" A star of that size is very rare , " Gaensler said .
Such a hefty beginning would help explain the difference between magnetars and their close cousins , pulsars .
Card eraser
Pulsars are stellar corpses that serve as the radio lighthouses of the galaxy .
Spinning around several times a second , they flash the galaxy with a beam of radio waves .
Magnetars are similar , but they flash X - rays , and at a slower rate - about once every 10 seconds .
They also occasionally let out a burst of gamma rays .
There are about 1,500 known pulsars , but less than a dozen firmly identified magnetars .
What makes magnetars special is their magnetic field , which is thousands of times stronger than that of normal pulsars and billions of times stronger than that of any magnet on Earth .
" Magnetars have the highest magnetic fields in the universe - nothing else comes close , " Gaensler said .
These credit - card - erasing fields can be measured by observing how quickly the spin of the magnetar slows down .
A rotating magnet gives off energy , and the greater the magnetic field , the faster the energy loss .
Magnetars exhibit rapid deceleration , which implies a huge magnetic field .
Gaensler has estimated that after 10,000 years a magnetar will slow down enough to turn off its X - ray flash .
Mighty wind
Magnetars and pulsars belong to a class of objects called neutron stars , which are big balls of tightly packed neutrons no larger than a big city .
Here 's how they form :
When stars above about eight solar masses run out of fuel to burn , they explode in what is called a supernova .
What remains can collapses into a neutron star .
To have such large magnetic fields , magnetars are thought to originate from the supernova of very massive stars .
Gaensler and his colleagues have found evidence for this in an enormous void - more than 70 light - years across - that showed up in their radio data .
" The empty bubble is exactly centered on the magnetar and it is expanding , " Gaensler said .
He explained that the magnetar 's radiation cannot be the cause of the cavity , since that would require the absorption of too many of the X - rays that are seen .
Instead , a stellar wind from the progenitor star of the magnetar must have cleared out the gas .
This wind would have been five times faster than the Sun 's wind of charged particles -- the source of space weather and the Northern Lights -- and a million times denser .
The implied energy is 25 million times that of our solar wind .
It takes a very massive star , some 30 to 40 solar masses , to generate such a powerful gust .
If this is the correct explanation , then the progenitor star lived 5 - 6 million years before it exploded - creating the magnetar in its ashes .
( Massive stars die young .
Our middle - ages Sun , by comparison , is about 4.6 billion years old . )
Crash diet
In sweeping out the huge bubble around it , the heavy star blew off 2 to 3 solar masses of material .
But even losing 10 percent of its mass in this way , the supernova remnant would have been too heavy to form a neutron star and would instead have collapsed into a black hole , theory holds .
" Astronomers used to think that really massive stars formed black holes when they died , " said Simon Johnston from the Australia Telescope National Facility .
" But in the past few years we 've realized that some of these stars could form pulsars , because they go on a rapid weight - loss program before they explode as supernovae . "
Gaensler said that , at the very end of its life , the star likely lost 90 percent of its mass , which would make it skinny enough to become a neutron star , as opposed to a black hole .
Wild adolescence
It is possible from the wind bubble data to estimate that the supernova detonated about 3,000 years ago .
Other magnetars are also thought to be a few thousand years old .
" We do know these magnetars are an adolescent stage of neutron stars , " said Jeremy Heyl from the University of British Columbia .
Heyl was not involved in the work .
If magnetars arise out of more massive stars , then only 10 percent of neutron stars will go through the magnetar stage - ruling out some theories that all pulsars spend some time as magnetars .
The researchers estimate that in our galaxy there are only about 10 neutron stars from a massive enough progenitor and at the right age to be magnetars right now .
There could be many more " dead " magnetars in the galaxy , however .
Whether these results , which appear in an upcoming issue of Astrophysical Journal Letters , are the end of the story is too soon to say .
" Right now , it is only one object that they have measured , " Heyl said .
" You can't make a very strong conclusion , but the hint is tantalizing . "
A police agent who was paid $ 4.1 million to infiltrate an alleged terror group today testified for the first time on the opening day of the trial for Shareef Abdelhaleem , a member of the so - called Toronto 18 .
Abdelhaleem , 34 , is alleged to have used his friend , undercover police agent Shaher Elsohemy , to set up the purchase of three tones of ammonium nitrate fertilizer , destined for truck bombs targeting sites in downtown Toronto .
This morning , Elsohemy , currently in witness protection , told a Brampton court that he had developed a " strong " friendship with Abdelhaleem and frequented an Islamic school in Mississauga run by the accused 's father .
Their relationship was such that the two vacationed together , taking a trip to Morocco in 2005 .
The Crown 's star witness in this case has yet to testify about details involving the purchase of the ammonium nitrate , but Abdelhaleem 's lawyer , William Naylor , has said he believes his client was entrapped and paid handsomely for it .
" A $ 4.1 million payoff is pretty steep ... It 's unprecedented in Canada , " Naylor later told reporters , adding that 's one of the problems with the case against his client .
He went on to suggest that Elsohemy was more concerned with getting money than searching for the truth .
Naylor described his client as " relatively unIslamic , " who does n't fit the typical profile of a terror suspect .
Before his arrest in the summer of 2006 , Abdelhaleem was a well - educated engineer programmer earning six figures and driving around in a BMW convertible .
In court documents , the Crown alleges Abdelhaleem wanted to profit from the bomb plot by buying up stocks right before what he dubbed would be the " Battle of Toronto . "
The intended targets included the Toronto Stock Exchange , the Front Street offices of Canada 's spy agency and a military base off of Hwy 401 .
Abdelhaleem is the first adult linked to the Toronto 18 to stand trial .
The Mississauga man , who will testify in his own defence , is charged with participating in a terrorist group and intending to cause an explosion .
He pleaded not guilty to both counts .
Of the 18 people who were charged , four have pleaded guilty , a youth was convicted and seven had their charges stayed .
Five remaining accused are scheduled to begin their trial in late March .
Abdelhaleem has elected to be tried by a judge alone and not a jury .
He has been in custody since his June 2006 arrest .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
When the Apollo 11 astronauts blasted off from the moon , they left behind not just the small steps of men but a giant pile of equipment and junk for all of mankind .
Some of the 5,000 pounds of stuff Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin abandoned at Tranquility Base was purposeful : a seismic detector to record moonquakes and meteorite impacts ; a laser - reflection device to make precise distance measurements between Earth and the moon ; a U.S. flag and commemorative plaque .
Some was unavoidable : Apollo 11 ’s lunar module descent stage was n’t designed to be carted back home , for instance .
FOR THE RECORD :
Space history :
An article in Section A on Jan. 29 about efforts to register items at the Apollo 11 landing site as an official California State Historical Resource said armrests from astronauts ’ cockpit seats were among the equipment left behind on the lunar surface .
Although the Eagle lunar lander was fitted with armrests , the astronauts used them while standing ; they did not have seats . —
The rest was cast aside to lighten the load of the Eagle lunar module and allow for takeoff .
To compensate for the weight of moon rocks and soil samples , the astronauts gave the heave - ho to more than 100 items , creating a veritable yard sale of high technology and lowly debris .
Space boots and portable life - support systems .
The armrests from their cockpit seats .
A hammer , scoops , cameras and containers .
Tethers and antennas .
Empty food bags and bags filled with human waste .
Low - impact campers they were not .
“ They were told to jettison things that were n’t important .
So they starting tossing stuff , ” said Beth O’Leary , an assistant professor of anthropology at New Mexico State University and a leader in the emerging field of space heritage and archaeology .
“ They were essentially told , ‘ Here ’s eight minutes , create an archaeology site . ’ ”
There are countless places on Earth that have been awarded protection to preserve their historic or cultural importance .
The moon has none .
But that may be about to change .
California is poised to become the first state to register the items at Tranquility Base as an official State Historical Resource .
If the State Historical Resources Commission approves the idea at a meeting in Sacramento today , it would be a victory for scientists who want to build support for having Tranquility Base designated a United Nations World Heritage Site in advance of what they believe will be unmanned trips to the moon by private groups , and even someday by tourists .
Proposals to place the items on historic registries in Texas and New Mexico are planned for later this year .
“ There ’s a really good chance that we will be up there again in the next decades , ” said Jay Correia , a California state historian who manages the registration process .
“ It ’s one of the most important historic events in the history of mankind .
At first glance , it seems bizarre to even talk about it .
But we have to talk about it .
Can you imagine someone driving a cart over Neil Armstrong ’s first footprint ?
Would n’t that be terrible ! ”
Because the moon has no atmosphere , Armstrong ’s left boot print remains in the gray powder just where he planted it at 7:56 p.m.
Pacific time on July 20 , 1969 -- a mind - blowing moment watched by hundreds of millions of TV viewers worldwide .
How to preserve such a treasure is a priority for the space heritage movement .
The loose group of engineers , historians and anthropologists regards the Space Age the way other scientists do the Stone Age .
It is an epoch of technological advancement and human exploration that scientists hope will be studied for generations to come .
More than 27,000 tons of rockets , probes and satellites have been hurled into space .
The moon is the grandmother ’s attic of space junk , home to remnants from six manned Apollo missions and unmanned missions launched by the United States , the former Soviet Union , the European Space Agency , Japan and India .
“ We lose a lot of stuff every day on Earth because of neglect , vandalism and erosion , ” O’Leary said .
“ As things are destroyed , we lose part of our knowledge about the past .
On the moon , if you take the long view -- say , 100 years out -- there ’s a good risk that we will lose the information that is sitting there . ”
O’Leary is one of the founders of the Lunar Legacy Project , which cataloged the items at Tranquility Base by scouring government archives .
She was drawn to the issue in 1999 after a student asked her an intriguing question : Can federal preservation laws be applied to the moon ?
The short answer :
It ’s complicated .
The United States is a signatory to the Outer Space Treaty of 1967 .
Though its delightful name suggests a truce between Flash Gordon and Ming the Merciless , its provisions are serious and clear .
Nations own the objects they put into space , no matter where they land .
But they cannot claim sovereignty over any part of space .
It ’s similar to the international Law of the Sea and the reason space heritage advocates are concentrating efforts on protecting the items left behind by Apollo 11 -- not the site itself .
The reason they ’re targeting state historical registries , O’Leary said , is because federal officials believe they do n’t have jurisdiction .
Correia says California law allows listing historical resources beyond the state ’s borders -- even if it ’s more than 238,000 miles away .
And , he notes , California ’s connection to the Apollo program -- from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory to aerospace companies that did contract work -- is undeniable .
Discarded artifacts on the moon hold plenty of useful scientific information .
Apollo 12 ’s astronauts understood this .
When they landed near the Surveyor 3 lunar probe , which had been on the moon for more than two years , they removed hardware from the craft , including its video camera , and brought it back for analysis .
The camera is on display at the Smithsonian ’s Air and Space Museum in Washington , D.C .
Much of the hardware for the moon missions were one - of - a- kind designs , and documentation on the “ craft aspects ” -- the retooling and tweaking of equipment by hand -- no longer exists , said Allan Needell , the Smithsonian ’s curator for the Apollo program .
“ For instance , the heat shields were filled in by hand , and defects had to be drilled out and fixed by hand , ” Needell said .
“ These were things that were learned on the floor on the fly .
. . .
The machine tools that were used no longer exist . ”
NASA engineers working on the next generation of space flight routinely visit the Smithsonian to study equipment made decades ago -- a wheel from a lunar rover that used piano wire , or the mechanism for the unfolding legs of a lunar module .
Much of what they examine are training or testing versions of items used in space .
Items that were actually on the moon are as rare as condors .
Of the roughly 100 items from Apollo 11 at the Smithsonian , Needell said , only some containers and the space suits worn by Armstrong and Aldrin logged any moon time .
“ It was n’t NASA ’s mission to provide museums with materials , ” he said .
“ For every ounce of hammer they did n’t bring back , there was an extra ounce of lunar sample that they could . ”
Only two people have firsthand knowledge of how those decisions were made .
Aldrin , who at 80 is a globe - trotting speaker , entrepreneur and author , says much of it was planned in advance .
But plenty of stuff was discarded on the fly .
Items he regrets leaving are his and Armstrong ’s lunar boots -- tossed because of contamination concerns .
“ My wife constructed a title for a movie or a book -- ‘ They Left Their Boots on the Moon , ’ “ Aldrin said .
He says any move to preserve Tranquility Base should be done in concert with a badly needed rethinking of international space law to create “ a unified space vision ” on issues of future exploration , commercial development , property rights and security .
“ Certainly there is value there from a historical and cultural perspective , ” Aldrin said .
Well , maybe not everything there .
“ You think anyone wants the urine bags ? ” he said with a laugh .
mike.anton@latimes.com
JOURNALISTS jostled madly for a glimpse of the future British king but it seemed the Kiwi public could n't care less about having Prince William in town .
The young prince dashed into Auckland for a whirlwind two - day visit today to be met at the airport by just 10 enthusiastic royalists .
Network Nine was so disappointed with the turn - out their reporter penned a few " I love William " signs for female bystanders to wave about .
At his first engagement , a casual tour of Eden Park , the home ground for the 2011 Rugby World Cup , the mood was brighter , with the All Blacks and Kiwi prime minister John Key both beaming over the royal company .
Team captain Richie McCaw called him an " all - round good bloke " , while young kids hand - picked to toss a rugby ball with him talked excitedly about his " good manners , " " nice accent " and how he'd look good in a crown .
The 27 - year - old said all the right things to win this praise , telling the media : " I just love seeing everyone and seeing more of New Zealand , so it 's great " .
But despite his enthusiasm and his blow - by - blow itinerary being printed in several New Zealand newspapers , no Kiwi fans showed up at the gates to see their royal representative .
" It 's low - key to say the least , " said Hello !
reporter Judy Wade , a longtime royal watcher who has followed Prince William since the day he was born .
" Compared to people back home , those here really do n't seem that interested at all .
" As one Kiwi I spoke to put it : I think they 'd rather spend a nice day like this at the beach . "
The welcoming party increased to almost 100 when the second in line for the British throne popped down to Auckland 's waterfront for a harbour spin in New Zealand 's America 's Cup yacht .
But British television reporters were overheard talking about a distinct pro-republican feeling in the country .
Indeed , Prince William 's arrival was greeted by an editorial in the country 's Dominion Post calling for an end to royal rule Down Under .
It 's a shift in thinking that legendary Sun photographer Arthur Edwards said could n't be denied .
" New Zealand once was the most loyal to the monarchy of all the Commonwealth countries that I 've ever visited , " said Edwards , who has covered almost every royal tour for the last 40 years .
" But I think now there 's more of a republican view being sought after , and maybe there 's time for New Zealand to go their own way , and Australia too .
" But whatever happens it will be their choice . "
Interest has n't waned among British media however , with much excitement over Monday 's itinerary when Prince William will officially represent the Queen for the first time on foreign soil at a Supreme Court opening in Wellington .
Stephen Yates from the Guardian said this was the young royal 's " big moment " to step up to the plate and show he can lead the monarchy into the future .
" He 's been waiting for years for this moment so we 'll all be watching him very carefully , " Yates told AAP .
" It will be a very big day for him indeed and one that shows what he 's capable of in his future role as king . "
It was a point clearly not missed on Prince William , who told reporters in a brief press conference he 'll be working hard to maintain his grandmother 's high standards on tour .
" I want to be able to do something good and keep the standards up that she has led the way with , " he said .
But he was keen to downplay expectations that he would undertake more tours on her behalf .
" We 'll wait and see , I would n't get too carried away .
" I 've still got a lot of training to do , and I need the training , believe me . "
The prince will also lay a wreath at New Zealand 's National War Memorial and visit Wellington Children 's Hospital before flying out to Sydney on Tuesday morning .
A Romanian guy having winter fun - until the cops show up and ruin it - Busted !
When archaeologist Ruth Iren Øien noticed a cluster of tiny iron beads in the ground , she knew she was onto something .
She did not know , however , that her team had stumbled upon Scandinavia 's oldest and most complex group of iron forges .
And not only that , it would be months before Øien , with the Norwegian University of Science and Technology 's Museum of Natural History and Archaeology , would discover the actual significance of her find .
The iron beads were first found in November 2008 , right at the very end of a highly weather - dependent field season in Norway .
With frost about to set in , further investigation had to wait until the summer of 2009 .
But in July , Øien 's team returned to the site .
The iron beads that had piqued Øien 's interest were only 1 to1.5 millimetres in diameter .
But they were sufficient to make her realize they might be residue from a smithy .
It turned out she was right , but the number of forges on the small field surprised everyone .
" We found three different types of forges , " Øien says .
" Some were small and circular , some were indoors , and a third type was in the shape of a figure eight .
Findings suggest the smiths used one half of the figure - eight shaped forges for the rough work before refining the iron in the other forges . "
The excavations uncovered more than 200 construction - related artefacts , including post holes , forges , fireplaces and wall ditches .
" Even though we have only uncovered half of the area , we have already found seven forges , " says Preben Rønne , the museum 's project manager for the site .
" This cluster suggest some kind of early industrial activity , in the sense that clearly they had large scale production . "
" These are rare and exciting results , and unique in a Scandinavian context , " he adds .
The forges were found at Forsetmoen , a rural area about 1.5 hours south of Trondheim , Norway .
The scientists believe the location is anything but coincidental .
" The iron was produced in the smaller side valleys , and transported to Forsetmoen for refining .
From there iron artefacts have been transported to the larger farms further out .
Maybe they 've been sold even further , " Rønne says .
The forges have been dated to 0 - 500 AD .
and the various building artefacts to 400 - 500 AD .
The team also found post holes from a large house that was at least 30 metres long .
One end seems to have been used for working the iron , with remains of elevated forges , an airing canal and a possible foundation for an ambolt .
The large quantities of burnt bark that they found could be from a roof , and suggest the forge might have burnt down .
The finds are the first tantalizing clues that give an answer to the archaeological mystery of where and how Iron Age Scandinavians refined their iron .
The teabaggers do n’t like being called teabaggers .
Yesterday , via email , I got a press release from one of the leaders of the teabagging movement , David Webb , the “ Co- Founder Tea Party 365 , Inc . ”
Webb is steamed at Senator Chuck Schumer :
The senior Senator from New York has joined the ranks of Janeane Garofalo , Bill Maher , Keith Olbermann , Rachel Maddow and Chris Matthews in insulting Americans who exercise their rights in a Democratic manner .
These stalwarts of Liberalism claim to uphold fiercely the rights of all , unless you hold a position that does not suit them .
Massachusetts residents have legitimate policy concerns about Martha Coakley and a 1st Amendment Right to voice them .
Senator Schumer stated in an official email “ Martha Coakley is running to fill the rest of Ted Kennedy ’s term , and her opponent is a far - right tea - bagger Republican . ”
The accurate definition of “ tea - bagger ” or any derivation is an offensive sexual slur referring to the placement of a man ’s testicles on a woman ’s chin .
One can only wonder how the women in Senator Schumer ’s offices , residents of New York or any woman who interacts with the Senator feel about his public and official use of such an offensive sexual slur in referring to American citizens he is elected to represent .
Who knew the teabaggers were so thin - skinned ?
And , I do n’t think Webb ’s definition is quite “ accurate . ”
Samantha Jones explains it here .
This press release reads like it was inspired by Andy Cobb ’s teabagger video :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F26vC_1_8xw]
Of course , Webb ’s reaction also means we must only refer to the teabaggers as teabaggers .
ok i'm pushing it .
i just liked the photo
Loading contexts ...
Via RAW STORY ...
The Obama administration has asked the Department of Justice to dismiss a lawsuit brought by convicted terrorist Jose Padilla against torture memo author John Yoo , asserting that Yoo cannot be sued for legal opinions he offered in the course of advising then - President Bush on national security matters .
Constitutional law professor Jonathan Turley finds ths decision inexplicable .
" The president literally has gotten onto a plane this evening to go to Norway , " he told MSNBC's Keith Olbermann on Wednesday , " to accept the Nobel Prize , while his Justice Department is effectively gutting a major part of Nuremberg . "
" The Obama administration is arguing not only that they should n't be prosecuted , " Turley emphasized , " but it 's now saying that you should n't even be able to sue them civilly .
...
It 's an international disgrace . "
Turley pointed out that several legal advisors to Germany 's Ministry of Justice were convicted during the Nuremberg trials held after World War II for providing the legal advice that justified Nazi war crimes .
Now the Obama administration , in its desire to uphold executive privilege at any cost , is willing to toss that principle aside .
...
" The Justice Department 's prosecuted lawyers who give advice to mobsters , " Turley concluded , " but apparently if you give advice to advance a war crime , that 's just ' full and frank advice . ' "
Like estate sales or cat burglary , Peter Ross ’s photographs of William Burroughs ’s possessions provide a glimpse into the material world of someone we thought we knew .
In the interview below , Ross explains how the pictures ( see here for the complete collection ) explore the myth of the man through a selection of weird , touching , and often unexpected possessions found in Burroughs ’s windowless New York City apartment , preserved since his death in 1997 .
Photographer Peter Ross ( his series on spiritualists was featured here in January 2008 ) lives in Brooklyn .
He makes photographs , usually portraits , for designers , corporations , agencies , publishers , and for himself .
* * *
How did you end up photographing William Burroughs ’s stuff ?
William Burroughs lived for many years in the former locker room of an 1880s YMCA , on the Bowery in New York City .
The almost windowless space was known as The Bunker .
When he died in 1997 , his friend and mine , John Giorno , kept the apartment intact , with many of Burroughs ’s possessions sitting as they were .
Part of the space is now used for Buddhist teachings , and the apartment is a wonderful mix of Buddhist wall hangings and pillows and carpets and Burroughs ’ personal furniture and collections .
Is the room still intact ?
His bedroom is as he left it , with all his stuff in place .
Giorno looks after it , and occasionally houses visiting artists and friends and Buddhist teachers who come to teach in the main area of the space .
Did these objects go back to their home after being photographed ?
I spent my day going through the room and removing items to photograph on a backdrop that was set up in the kitchen , on Burroughs ’s dining table .
I would then return the objects to his room .
How did you choose what articles you wanted to photograph ?
Most of the items just jumped out at me .
How could I pull a book titled Medical Implications of Karate Blows out of a stack and not photograph it ?
Or the typewriter with his name on it ?
The blow darts and board that hang on the wall in his bedroom ?
Well , how did you decide on the angle for each photograph — why the bottoms of the shoes , for example , instead of the tops ?
I challenged myself to try and find what was unique to the items .
I was looking for something historical and specific to their owner , and short of that I was pushing for an off - kilter angle or placement .
Shoes are just shoes , but only one man wore the holes into the bottoms of this pair .
Just think of where these shoes have been , the conversations they have witnessed .
These shoes likely have met many of my heroes of New York ’s 1970s and ‘ 80s culture .
Was photographing each piece out of context an attempt to separate the stuff from the man ?
Should the pieces tell their own story ?
I think it ’s interesting that I know where these items sit and what those rooms look like .
I know the lighting , the stillness , and the thick concrete walls , but the viewer does not .
The viewer ’s imagination is put into play with each image .
That might not have been the case if these pictures included their physical surroundings .
I ’m trying to look at these photos and separate the stuff from what I already know or think I know about Burroughs .
But , blow darts , nunchucks , The Magical Art of Karate — it does seem appropriate for a man who shot his wife playing William Tell .
Were you surprised ?
Did the nature of the things Burroughs had in his possession at the end of his life make sense to you ?
I never met the man , and so I have no way of knowing what these items meant to him .
Many seem representative of the ‘ ‘ myth ” of the man , and seem appropriate to the public image we all have of him .
But I have no idea if he was a lover of pinwheels , a collector of old quilts , or a compulsive shoe shiner .
Maybe John Giorno knows .
Maybe no one does .
I have a sense that this stuff could n’t have existed at the same time as an iPhone or even a digital camera — it seems very much from another era .
Do you feel like this is just because Burroughs was old , or is there something else going on ?
Well , I bet I ’ll go through half a dozen iPhones in the time it would have taken Burroughs to resole those shoes .
That makes me feel greedy , wasteful , and self - indulgent .
Maybe I ’d be better off keeping the modern world out .
Maybe we all would .
Let ’s all just grab our nunchucks , put on our shoes and hat and walk the streets of Manhattan .
“ Stuff ” really is the perfect word to describe this collection .
But what makes this “ stuff ” rather than belongings , or possessions , or effects ?
What does our stuff say about us , or Burroughs for that matter ?
“ Stuff ” seems appropriately random and irreverent , although I do n’t really mind what we call it .
I use my grandfather ’s ‘ stuff ’ in my daily life to eat , to keep time , to store clothes .
These acts keep him with me .
But to you , it ’s just stuff , not memories .
These items certainly tell a portrait of what interested this man , although none of us can know to what extent .
Maybe I chose items that just played to his public image , the one in my head ?
Why did n’t I shoot his couch , or bedside lamps , or dining chairs ?
If you could walk away with one item of Burroughs ’s stuff , what would you take ?
The shoeshine kit .
My shoes are a mess .
How does the work compare to other projects you ’ve done — your portraits or your photographs of brains , for example ?
Could it be said that these are portraits of the objects ?
I ’ve spent a lot of time trying to find the right balance between people ’s inner and outer identities , their common peacefulness .
And the anonymous decades - old brains are a shared portrait of all of us .
But these items are very specific to one man , and a man with a public identity at that .
His portrait has been made over and over , and it exists inside many heads : the man in the suit , in the city or the country , wearing a hat , serious , maybe holding a rifle , or talking to Mick Jagger .
This is as close as I can ever get to that man .
I tried to find something unique in each object , regardless of its history or ownership or curation .
I love the brittle paper of the magazines , the shapes of the various bullets , and the textures and colors of the quilt .
FORWARD
Welcome to WCBR ’s year end comic book industry report card .
In essence , this report card is a list of offerings we ’ve enjoyed and disliked for the entire year 2009 .
There was definitely a lot of debate over each editor ’s pick , and in the end we just decided to let everyone have their say .
Let us know if we ’re out of our minds , or if you concur .
BEST ON - GOING SERIES
Detective Comics – Detective has reached consistently dizzying heights throughout the year .
The sheer creativity and astounding quality this title has seen in 2009 is simply mind - blowing .
From March to April , we had Gaiman ’s “ Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader . ”
Then , we quickly moved into Greg Rucka and JH Williams ’ landmark work on Batwoman .
Gorgeous artwork met epic storytelling all year long .
We started out with a beautiful farewell to one great character , only to be introduced to another .
- Alex Evans
Captain America – Ed Brubaker ’s smart , suspense and intrigue stories with a doubting , redemption - seeking hero really top the game in the ongoing category .
-DS
Detective Comics – Greg Rucka and JH
Williams took this B - list character from the forgettable pages of 52 , and made 2009 her year .
Batwoman in Detective Comics makes a strong case for a series of her own .
- Ray
BEST NEW SERIES
The Unwritten – The Unwritten is the smartest book on the racks today .
It ’s an English major and literary critics dream and by series end , I expect it to be appearing on the university syllabuses of more liberal - minded professors , right next to Sandman .
Yet , despite all that , it ’s also got enough mystery and fancy to entertain and pull in the average reader .
And of course , its pop culture awareness is more than enough to grab anyone ’s attention .
This is a must - read .
- Alex Evans
Batman and Robin –
It ’s difficult to argue against Grant Morrison and Frank Quitely , dealing with the heir apparent to DC ’s second biggest pair of boots ( some might argue biggest ) .
The amount of conflict , psychological tension and sheer creepy villainy set the bar for the noir avenger corner of the superhero industry .
-DS
Sweet Tooth –
This is indie genius hitting mainstream , while managing to maintain its literary charm .
Jeff Lemire ’s Vertigo title offers us a fresh new journey / coming - of - age story , while providing us a bizarre and post - apocalyptic world filled with violence and isolation– all the ingredients for an entertaining and relevant series .
- Ray
BEST MINI SERIES
Incognito – This is really Ed Brubaker doing what Ed Brubaker does best , and truly cutting loose .
It ’s wonderfully pulpy and sensational .
Ultimately , Incognito is a series of paradoxes : it ’s flashy , yet murky .
It ’s full of bad people that you end up liking for reasons you ca n’t explain .
It feels thoroughly “ old school , ” but modern enough that it obviously could not have been written at any period of time .
It ’s also a very existential book that , as its title suggests , calls the very notion of identity into question .
- Alex Evans
Captain America : Reborn –
If we put aside the scheduling disaster that blew a lot of the tension out of this series and the event , I think that the quality of the writing and art , and the magnitude of the story made this the best mini in a year of strong minis .
-DS
Superman : Secret Origin –
It ’s two of DC ’s greatest reinterpreting Superman ’s secret origin , what more can you ask ?
This six - part mini series is n’t complete yet , and it ’s new - reader friendly .
So for those that have n’t picked up a Superman book for a while , or for those looking to read a Superhero coming - of - age story , they should definitely look into picking this series up .
- Ray
BEST STORY ( OR STORY ARC )
Hellboy : The Wild Hunt – Hellboy : the Wild Hunt does many impossible things that only Hellboy can get away with .
It gives you completely ludicrous plot developments out of nothing , scattered , almost ethereal , storytelling , and characters it assumes you know better than you really do .
In most series , these things would be major flaws .
In Hellboy , all of it just lends the book a surreal , uncomfortable , and very , very large aesthetic .
Dark and labyrinthine in atmosphere , Wild Hunt is not at all what it seems .
Its namesake is a mere prologue to much greater things to come and the series is perhaps more minimalist and introspective than any previous Hellboy arc .
But hey , if all else fails , the big red guy never fails to deadpan you back to reality .
- Alex Evans
Batman and Robin : The Revenge of the Red Hood ( # 4 - #6 ) – The first arc ( Batman Reborn ) was great , but it was also a setup arc that had to do a few things .
Revenge of the Red Hood was brilliant , with Freudian and Shakespearean themes running throughout and was executed nearly perfectly .
-DS
Detective Comics : Go ( #858-#860 ) – I honestly have n’t read an origin story that ’s as compelling , modern , and tragic as Kate Kane ’s transformation to Batwoman .
Greg Rucka and JH
Williams give us one of the most unforgettable stories of 2009 .
- Ray
BEST ARTIST
JH Williams III – What Williams does in Detective Comics defies explanation .
It ’s the sort of book that makes you linger , while also causing you to question the limits of the modern comic book .
Forget Williams ’ excellent technical abilities , it ’s not just artistic horsepower .
Williams ’ layouts and storytelling are highly experimental for a DC Comic and endlessly creative but never baffling .
Meanwhile , his character designs are mysterious , horrific , beautiful , surreal , and larger than life .
No one deserves this award more than him in 2009 .
In Detective , Williams feels more like a team of artists than a single man .
- Alex Evans
Mauro Cascioli – Holy cow !
Despite my comments below on Cry for Justice , buy this series just for the art !
Cascioli is amazing !
-DS
Frank Quitely – Although he only did three issues , each book was packed with his signature brutality and amazing action scenes .
- Ray
BEST NEW ARTIST
Nic Klein – Bimonthly series Viking from Image Comics is an entertaining crime yarn and a solid book .
But really , it ’s Nic Klein ’s show .
With his amazing , lush painted artwork , combined with a cartoonist ’s sensibilities , an impeccable sense of shadows and lighting , and his enlarging the book to Golden Age dimensions , Viking is as much artbook as it is comic book .
The storytelling is certainly there , but this book is as much a showcase of Klein ’s abilities as it is a narrative medium .
- Alex Evans
BEST WRITER
Jason Aaron – 2009 has been Aaron ’s best year yet .
He ’s had another strong year on creator - owned series Scalped .
The gritty series was as gripping and uncompromising as ever in 2009 , and perhaps more personal .
Meanwhile , Aaron also closed out his sensational , grindhouse - themed run on Ghost Rider .
But what cinches this award for him is that he did the impossible not once , but twice in 2009 .
First , he put out a Wolverine ongoing that managed to be completely fresh , fun , and creative in perhaps the most Wolverine saturated year ever .
Then , in November , Aaron took over Punisher MAX and finally proved that there is life after Garth Ennis .
- Alex Evans
Greg Rucka – Rucka ’s work on Blackest Night : Wonder Woman and Batwoman in Detective Comics has shown that he is capable of creating characters of depth , passion , compassion and strength .
-DS
Greg Rucka – Greg Rucka is no stranger to appearing in numerous “ Best Writer ” lists , that ’s why it ’s no surprise he ’s mentioned twice in this section .
Ask anybody that ’s been reading Detective Comics this year , they ’ll tell you that Rucka should have his own series for Batwoman the way Bendis does for Spider - Man .
- Ray
BEST TRADE PAPER BACK OR ORIGINAL GRAPHIC NOVEL
Madame Xanadu : Disenchanted –
It ’s hard to find a better value , as this book provides the first ten issues of this Eisner - nominated series .
Wagner traces his heroine ’s tumultuous history , effortlessly leaping through time and space .
We visit everywhere from Camelot , to Ancient China , to Jack the Ripper ’s hunting grounds .
Nonetheless , each era and location feels true to itself .
Then there ’s the cat - and - mouse game played by Xanadu and the Phantom Stranger .
It ’s an intricate , ambiguous , and complex relationship , one that is both friendship and bitter rivalry , love and debate , stretching through the ages .
It ’s truly engaging stuff , all brought to life by the awesome work of artist Amy Reeder Hadley , whose anime - infused art is some of the liveliest and most lovable stuff you ’ll find on stands today .
- Alex Evans
Marvel Masterworks Uncanny X - Men Vol. 1 – This is an old school choice for me , but this reprinting of the iconic Giant - Sized # 1 , and issues # 94-#100 are sheer brilliance from the unfettered Claremont and Cockrum .
-DS
The Alcoholic – Jonathan Ames and Dean Haspiel team up to tell us a tale of how life easily crashes and how it ’s a non -stop struggle ; all through the eyes and experience of an alcohol / substance - dependent man .
- Ray
BIGGEST SURPRISE
Powers Relaunches
As A Monthly Ongoing – I figured this would happen eventually , but I certainly did n’t expect it to happen in 2009 .
As Bendis juggles no less than four other ongoings , not to mention Spider - Man ’s part in Ultimatum and an incoming major event in early 2010 , I really did n’t think he ’d have time for Powers , let alone in monthly format .
I ’ve waited so long , I ’ve seen issues canceled , and frankly , given Bendis ’ hectic schedule and high profile workload , I was almost positive that Powers had gone the way of many a Warren Ellis penned series .
Never have I been happier to have been so wrong .
- Alex Evans
Batgirl Beats Expectations –
The DC boards are alive with talk of runaway hit .
I do n’t know how much of that is true , but Batgirl is a smart and engaging series .
-DS
Detective Comics / Batwoman Kick Ass –
Who woud ’ve thought that you would be looking forward to Detective Comics each month ?
Yes , people , it ’s that damn good .
- Ray
BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT
The Great Fables Crossover – I love Fables .
I loved Jack of Fables .
What could go wrong ?
Suffice to say , there was nothing “ Great ” about this debacle .
It was poorly timed , interrupting a vital Fables story for no discernible reason .
It brought in way too many characters .
It was nowhere near as funny or clever as it seemed to think it was .
And worst of all , it was far too long .
What resulted was a shallow , chaotic mess that was stretched from thin to breaking .
While Fables seems to have recovered post - crossover , Jack of Fables remains lost .
- Alex Evans
Sentry ’s Recurring Appearance – Although Justice League : Cry for Justice is turning out to be a train wreck on the writing side , nothing can top my scorn for the Sentry .
His omnipotent , erratic presence in any story ensures that plot holes will abound , readers will be treated like they are dumb , and that we ’ll be forced to say things like “ Well , I guess Secret Wars II was n’t that bad . ”
-DS
Blackest Night – Before you scroll down and start spewing hate comments on this post , I just wanted to air a few things about this event– which I had great expectations with .
First and foremost , it bothers me that this has become somewhat of a crossover event , where random titles are stamped with Blackest Night .
Why could n’t DC just keep this within the GL and GLC lines , like Sinestro Corps War and Rebirth ?
Instead , we ’re treated to an inconsistent event that ’s packed with lots of lame stories and lame characters back from the dead .
DC really cranked it out on this one to take your money .
And second , not enough Hal Jordan .
Things have gotten too crowded and sometimes convoluted within the books outside of the main titles .
- Ray
WORST ON - GOING SERIES
Hulk – Jeph Loeb ’s
Hulk really is something of a straw - man , and I ’m sure I wo n’t be the only WCBR editor to choose this series for this “ award . ”
For these reasons , I really wanted to try my best not to pick it .
But Loeb introduced Red She - Hulk .
I ’m sorry , but I ca n’t ignore that .
He still has yet to reveal Red Hulk ’s identity , and his solution is to bring in another red character who even fewer people will care about .
It ’s just so mind - numbingly moronic that it borders on being child - like .
Worse still , Greg Pak ’s return to Incredible Hulk has only made Loeb ’s work look all the weaker by comparison .
- Alex Evans
Green Arrow and Black Canary – I tuned in , fresh and open , for a few issues , and found only contrived situations , ridiculous premises and false conflicts .
-DS
Batman – WTF Judd Winick ?
Your run was god-awful !
And Tony Daniel , who gives $ #^! about the Black Mask .
Thank you both for another crappy year for the Dark Knight .
- Ray
WORST NEW SERIES
Haunt –
In reality , there are many series that debuted this year which were far worse than Haunt .
That said , I ca n’t think of any that were as disappointing , nor can I think of any that had fewer excuses for sucking .
The creative team on Haunt is a star - studded assembly that we should ’ve gotten great things from .
Instead , what we have is a muddy , hollow , immature series that feels like a bunch of recycled McFarlane b-sides from the 90s .
There ’s nothing creative here .
There ’s nothing intelligent here .
There ’s just a lot of wasted time and even more wasted dollars .
And a main character whose last name is ‘ Kilgore . ” - Alex Evans
Strange – I know it ’s just a mini ( thank Vishanti ) , but Strange was the worst new series .
I mean , come on , Dr. Strange is not even the main character .
It was a tremendous , tremendous waste of an opportunity , which means that my favorite Master of the Mystic Arts will be on the back - burner for a few more years because execs will equate this failure with the character instead of the execution .
-DS
Ultimate Comics : Spider - Man –
With the same stupid haircut , and the horrible manga art , this new series off to a bad start .
Bendis and Garcia have failed in delivering the goods in the new chapter for USM .
- Ray
BEST CHARACTER
Tony Stark / Batwoman–
For me , it ’s impossible to choose between these two because they both had huge years in completely opposite ways .
One was on the decline , while one was ascendant .
One was a new character , while the other was an old character from a new perspective .
Where Stark fell , Kane rose ; and in both cases , the stories were excellent .
In their own ways , both Tony Stark and Kate Kane felt incredibly human , yet also iconoclastic .
Of course , both also had the sass , charisma , and good looks make their readers love them , even through the darkest days .
- Alex Evans
Batwoman – Greg Rucka has created a real , mutlidimensional , kickass superheroine .
Her obsessive call to service is honest , as are her flaws and trials .
-DS
Batwoman – Batwoman is not only the woman of the year , but without a doubt , the character of the year .
Rucka and Williams have given us not only one of the most badass superheroines in a long time , but also the most human character in all comics .
Following Batwoman will give you the familiar thrill and sympathy you get when reading a good comic book with an iconic character .
Kinda like a good Spider - Man story …
- Ray
MOST ANTICIPATED SERIES or EVENT of 2010
New Flash Ongoing Series – Geoff Johns .
Francis Manapul .
The Flash .
That should be pretty much all you need to know .
Geoff Johns did amazing things during his lengthy run on the Flash , and he ’s now returning to the character he loves .
Meanwhile , Manapul ’s art on Adventure Comics turned heads for all the right reasons .
This is guaranteed to be amazing work .
The fact that there ’s a Wally West back - up illustrated by Scott Kolins only sweetens the deal .
It ’s almost like a continuation of Johns ’ last run , but with Francis Manapul .
It does n’t get any better .
- Alex Evans
Batman : Earth One –
It ’s going to be my favorite duo ( Geoff Johns and Gary Frank ) working on everyone ’s favorite hero / vigilante …
Once this year ends , it ’ll be two years of Batman nonsense and cryptic esotericness .
TWO YEARS !
First the mind - fart gibberish in Morrison ’s run , then the gruesome twosome in Winick and Daniel …
It ’s about got - dang time we get a Batman book that will not only be worth buying , but one that will also bring in new readers .
A modern Batman book brought to you by two of DC ’s best talents , what more can you ask for ?
- Ray
testing captions
So many stars have done their part for Haiti by raising awareness and funds , but one A - lister is actually taking the controls of a plane and flying into the heart of the disaster area himself - John Travolta .
One of Travolta 's reps just confirmed to CNN that the star is personally flying one of his jets to Haiti to help out with relief efforts there .
In addition to relief supplies , Travolta is bringing along his wife Kelly Preston , several doctors and Church of Scientology ministers .
Efficiut Daemones , ut quae non sunt , sic tamen quasi sint , conspicienda hominibus exhibeant .
- Lacantius ( Devils so work that things which are not appear to men as if they were real . )
I was far from home , and the spell of the eastern sea was upon me .
In the twilight I heard it pounding on the rocks , and I knew it lay just over the hill where the twisting willows writhed against the clearing sky and the first stars of evening .
And because my fathers had called me to the old town beyond , I pushed on through the shallow , new - fallen snow along the road that soared lonely up to where Aldebaran twinkled among the trees ; on toward the very ancient town I had never seen but often dreamed of .
It was the Yuletide , that men call Christmas though they know in their hearts it is older than Bethlehem and Babylon , older than Memphis and mankind .
It was the Yuletide , and I had come at last to the ancient sea town where my people had dwelt and kept festival in the elder time when festival was forbidden ; where also they had commanded their sons to keep festival once every century , that the memory of primal secrets might not be forgotten .
Mine were an old people , and were old even when this land was settled three hundred years before .
And they were strange , because they had come as dark furtive folk from opiate southern gardens of orchids , and spoken another tongue before they learnt the tongue of the blue - eyed fishers .
And now they were scattered , and shared only the rituals of mysteries that none living could understand .
I was the only one who came back that night to the old fishing town as legend bade , for only the poor and the lonely remember .
Then beyond the hill 's crest I saw Kingsport outspread frostily in the gloaming ; snowy Kingsport with its ancient vanes and steeples , ridgepoles and chimney - pots , wharves and small bridges , willow - trees and graveyards ; endless labyrinths of steep , narrow , crooked streets , and dizzy church - crowned central peak that time durst not touch ; ceaseless mazes of colonial houses piled and scattered at all angles and levels like a child 's disordered blocks ; antiquity hovering on grey wings over winter - whitened gables and gambrel roofs ; fanlights and small - paned windows one by one gleaming out in the cold dusk to join Orion and the archaic stars .
And against the rotting wharves the sea pounded ; the secretive , immemorial sea out of which the people had come in the elder time .
Beside the road at its crest a still higher summit rose , bleak and windswept , and I saw that it was a burying - ground where black gravestones stuck ghoulishly through the snow like the decayed fingernails of a gigantic corpse .
The printless road was very lonely , and sometimes I thought I heard a distant horrible creaking as of a gibbet in the wind .
They had hanged four kinsmen of mine for witchcraft in 1692 , but I did not know just where .
As the road wound down the seaward slope I listened for the merry sounds of a village at evening , but did not hear them .
Then I thought of the season , and felt that these old Puritan folk might well have Christmas customs strange to me , and full of silent hearthside prayer .
So after that I did not listen for merriment or look for wayfarers , kept on down past the hushed lighted farmhouses and shadowy stone walls to where the signs of ancient shops and sea taverns creaked in the salt breeze , and the grotesque knockers of pillared doorways glistened along deserted unpaved lanes in the light of little , curtained windows .
I had seen maps of the town , and knew where to find the home of my people .
It was told that I should be known and welcomed , for village legend lives long ; so I hastened through Back Street to Circle Court , and across the fresh snow on the one full flagstone pavement in the town , to where Green Lane leads off behind the Market House .
The old maps still held good , and I had no trouble ; though at Arkham they must have lied when they said the trolleys ran to this place , since I saw not a wire overhead .
Snow would have hid the rails in any case .
I was glad I had chosen to walk , for the white village had seemed very beautiful from the hill ; and now I was eager to knock at the door of my people , the seventh house on the left in Green Lane , with an ancient peaked roof and jutting second storey , all built before 1650 .
There were lights inside the house when I came upon it , and I saw from the diamond window - panes that it must have been kept very close to its antique state .
The upper part overhung the narrow grass - grown street and nearly met the over - hanging part of the house opposite , so that I was almost in a tunnel , with the low stone doorstep wholly free from snow .
There was no sidewalk , but many houses had high doors reached by double flights of steps with iron railings .
It was an odd scene , and because I was strange to New England I had never known its like before .
Though it pleased me , I would have relished it better if there had been footprints in the snow , and people in the streets , and a few windows without drawn curtains .
When I sounded the archaic iron knocker I was half afraid .
Some fear had been gathering in me , perhaps because of the strangeness of my heritage , and the bleakness of the evening , and the queerness of the silence in that aged town of curious customs .
And when my knock was answered I was fully afraid , because I had not heard any footsteps before the door creaked open .
But I was not afraid long , for the gowned , slippered old man in the doorway had a bland face that reassured me ; and though he made signs that he was dumb , he wrote a quaint and ancient welcome with the stylus and wax tablet he carried .
He beckoned me into a low , candle - lit room with massive exposed rafters and dark , stiff , sparse furniture of the seventeenth century .
The past was vivid there , for not an attribute was missing .
There was a cavernous fireplace and a spinning - wheel at which a bent old woman in loose wrapper and deep poke - bonnet sat back toward me , silently spinning despite the festive season .
An indefinite dampness seemed upon the place , and I marvelled that no fire should be blazing .
The high - backed settle faced the row of curtained windows at the left , and seemed to be occupied , though I was not sure .
I did not like everything about what I saw , and felt again the fear I had had .
This fear grew stronger from what had before lessened it , for the more I looked at the old man 's bland face the more its very blandness terrified me .
The eyes never moved , and the skin was too much like wax .
Finally I was sure it was not a face at all , but a fiendishly cunning mask .
But the flabby hands , curiously gloved , wrote genially on the tablet and told me I must wait a while before I could be led to the place of the festival .
Pointing to a chair , table , and pile of books , the old man now left the room ; and when I sat down to read I saw that the books were hoary and mouldy , and that they included old Morryster 's wild Marvels of Science , the terrible Saducismus Triumphatus of Joseph Glanvil , published in 1681 , the shocking Daemonolatreja of Remigius , printed in 1595 at Lyons , and worst of all , the unmentionable Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred , in Olaus Wormius ' forbidden Latin translation ; a book which I had never seen , but of which I had heard monstrous things whispered .
No one spoke to me , but I could hear the creaking of signs in the wind outside , and the whir of the wheel as the bonneted old woman continued her silent spinning , spinning .
I thought the room and the books and the people very morbid and disquieting , but because an old tradition of my fathers had summoned me to strange feastings , I resolved to expect queer things .
So I tried to read , and soon became tremblingly absorbed by something I found in that accursed Necronomicon ; a thought and a legend too hideous for sanity or consciousness , but I disliked it when I fancied I heard the closing of one of the windows that the settle faced , as if it had been stealthily opened .
It had seemed to follow a whirring that was not of the old woman 's spinning - wheel .
This was not much , though , for the old woman was spinning very hard , and the aged clock had been striking .
After that I lost the feeling that there were persons on the settle , and was reading intently and shudderingly when the old man came back booted and dressed in a loose antique costume , and sat down on that very bench , so that I could not see him .
It was certainly nervous waiting , and the blasphemous book in my hands made it doubly so .
When eleven struck , however , the old man stood up , glided to a massive carved chest in a corner , and got two hooded cloaks ; one of which he donned , and the other of which he draped round the old woman , who was ceasing her monotonous spinning .
Then they both started for the outer door ; the woman lamely creeping , and the old man , after picking up the very book I had been reading , beckoning me as he drew his hood over that unmoving face or mask .
We went out into the moonless and tortuous network of that incredibly ancient town ; went out as the lights in the curtained windows disappeared one by one , and the Dog Star leered at the throng of cowled , cloaked figures that poured silently from every doorway and formed monstrous processions up this street and that , past the creaking sigus and antediluvian gables , the thatched roofs and diamond - paned windows ; threading precipitous lanes where decaying houses overlapped and crumbled together ; gliding across open courts and churchyards where the bobbing lanthorns made eldritch drunken constellations .
Amid these hushed throngs I followed my voiceless guides ; jostled by elbows that seemed preternaturally soft , and pressed by chests and stomachs that seemed abnormally pulpy ; but seeing never a face and hearing never a word .
Up , up , up , the eery columns slithered , and I saw that all the travellers were converging as they flowed near a sort of focus of crazy alleys at the top of a high hill in the centre of the town , where perched a great white church .
I had seen it from the road 's crest when I looked at Kingsport in the new dusk , and it had made me shiver because Aldebaran had seemed to balance itself a moment on the ghostly spire .
There was an open space around the church ; partly a churchyard with spectral shafts , and partly a half - paved square swept nearly bare of snow by the wind , and lined with unwholesomely archaic houses having peaked roofs and overhanging gables .
Death - fires danced over the tombs , revealing gruesome vistas , though queerly failing to cast any shadows .
Past the churchyard , where there were no houses , I could see over the hill 's summit and watch the glimmer of stars on the harbour , though the town was invisible in the dark .
Only once in a while a lantern bobbed horribly through serpentine alleys on its way to overtake the throng that was now slipping speechlessly into the church .
I waited till the crowd had oozed into the black doorway , and till all the stragglers had followed .
The old man was pulling at my sleeve , but I was determined to be the last .
Crossing the threshold into the swarming temple of unknown darkness , I turned once to look at the outside world as the churchyard phosphorescence cast a sickly glow on the hilltop pavement .
And as I did so I shuddered .
For though the wind had not left much snow , a few patches did remain on the path near the door ; and in that fleeting backward look it seemed to my troubled eyes that they bore no mark of passing feet , not even mine .
The church was scarce lighted by all the lanthorns that had entered it , for most of the throng had already vanished .
They had streamed up the aisle between the high pews to the trap - door of the vaults which yawned loathsomely open just before the pulpit , and were now squinning noiselessly in .
I followed dumbly down the foot - worn steps and into the dark , suffocating crypt .
The tail of that sinuous line of night - marchers seemed very horrible , and as I saw them wriggling into a venerable tomb they seemed more horrible still .
Then I noticed that the tomb's floor had an aperture down which the throng was sliding , and in a moment we were all descending an ominous staircase of rough - hewn stone ; a narrow spiral staircase damp and peculiarly odorous , that wound endlessly down into the bowels of the hill past monotonous walls of dripping stone blocks and crumbling mortar .
It was a silent , shocking descent , and I observed after a horrible interval that the walls and steps were changing in nature , as if chiselled out of the solid rock .
What mainly troubled me was that the myriad footfalls made no sound and set up no echoes .
After more aeons of descent I saw some side passages or burrows leading from unknown recesses of blackness to this shaft of nighted mystery .
Soon they became excessively numerous , like impious catacombs of nameless menace ; and their pungent odour of decay grew quite unbearable .
I knew we must have passed down through the mountain and beneath the earth of Kingsport itself , and I shivered that a town should be so aged and maggoty with subterraneous evil .
Then I saw the lurid shimmering of pale light , and heard the insidious lapping of sunless waters .
Again I shivered , for I did not like the things that the night had brought , and wished bitterly that no forefather had summoned me to this primal rite .
As the steps and the passage grew broader , I heard another sound , the thin , whining mockery of a feeble flute ; and suddenly there spread out before me the boundless vista of an inner world - a vast fungous shore litten by a belching column of sick greenish flame and washed by a wide oily river that flowed from abysses frightful and unsuspected to join the blackest gulfs of immemorial ocean .
Fainting and gasping , I looked at that unhallowed Erebus of titan toadstools , leprous fire and slimy water , and saw the cloaked throngs forming a semicircle around the blazing pillar .
It was the Yule - rite , older than man and fated to survive him ; the primal rite of the solstice and of spring 's promise beyond the snows ; the rite of fire and evergreen , light and music .
And in the stygian grotto I saw them do the rite , and adore the sick pillar of flame , and throw into the water handfuls gouged out of the viscous vegetation which glittered green in the chlorotic glare .
I saw this , and I saw something amorphously squatted far away from the light , piping noisomely on a flute ; and as the thing piped I thought I heard noxious muffled flutterings in the foetid darkness where I could not see .
But what frightened me most was that flaming column ; spouting volcanically from depths profound and inconceivable , casting no shadows as healthy flame should , and coating the nitrous stone with a nasty , venomous verdigris .
For in all that seething combustion no warmth lay , but only the clamminess of death and corruption .
The man who had brought me now squirmed to a point directly beside the hideous flame , and made stiff ceremonial motions to the semi-circle he faced .
At certain stages of the ritual they did grovelling obeisance , especially when he held above his head that abhorrent Necronomicon he had taken with him ; and I shared all the obeisances because I had been summoned to this festival by the writings of my forefathers .
Then the old man made a sigual to the half - seen flute - player in the darkness , which player thereupon changed its feeble drone to a scarce louder drone in another key ; precipitating as it did so a horror unthinkable and unexpected .
At this horror I sank nearly to the lichened earth , transfixed with a dread not of this or any world , but only of the mad spaces between the stars .
Out of the unimaginable blackness beyond the gangrenous glare of that cold flame , out of the tartarean leagues through which that oily river rolled uncanny , unheard , and unsuspected , there flopped rhythmically a horde of tame , trained , hybrid winged things that no sound eye could ever wholly grasp , or sound brain ever wholly remember .
They were not altogether crows , nor moles , nor buzzards , nor ants , nor vampire bats , nor decomposed human beings ; but something I cannot and must not recall .
They flopped limply along , half with their webbed feet and half with their membranous wings ; and as they reached the throng of celebrants the cowled figures seized and mounted them , and rode off one by one along the reaches of that unlighted river , into pits and galleries of panic where poison springs feed frightful and undiscoverable cataracts .
The old spinning woman had gone with the throng , and the old man remained only because I had refused when he motioned me to seize an animal and ride like the rest .
I saw when I staggered to my feet that the amorphous flute - player had rolled out of sight , but that two of the beasts were patiently standing by .
As I hung back , the old man produced his stylus and tablet and wrote that he was the true deputy of my fathers who had founded the Yule worship in this ancient place ; that it had been decreed I should come back , and that the most secret mysteries were yet to be performed .
He wrote this in a very ancient hand , and when I still hesitated he pulled from his loose robe a seal ring and a watch , both with my family arms , to prove that he was what he said .
But it was a hideous proof , because I knew from old papers that that watch had been buried with my great - great - great - great - grandfather in 1698 .
Presently the old man drew back his hood and pointed to the family resemblance in his face , but I only shuddered , because I was sure that the face was merely a devilish waxen mask .
The flopping animals were now scratching restlessly at the lichens , and I saw that the old man was nearly as restless himself .
When one of the things began to waddle and edge away , he turned quickly to stop it ; so that the suddenness of his motion dislodged the waxen mask from what should have been his head .
And then , because that nightmare 's position barred me from the stone staircase down which we had come , I flung myself into the oily underground river that bubbled somewhere to the caves of the sea ; flung myself into that putrescent juice of earth 's inner horrors before the madness of my screams could bring down upon me all the charnel legions these pest - gulfs might conceal .
At the hospital they told me I had been found half - frozen in Kingsport Harbour at dawn , clinging to the drifting spar that accident sent to save me .
They told me I had taken the wrong fork of the hill road the night before , and fallen over the cliffs at Orange Point ; a thing they deduced from prints found in the snow .
There was nothing I could say , because everything was wrong .
Everything was wrong , with the broad windows showing a sea of roofs in which only about one in five was ancient , and the sound of trolleys and motors in the streets below .
They insisted that this was Kingsport , and I could not deny it .
When I went delirious at hearing that the hospital stood near the old churchyard on Central Hill , they sent me to St Mary 's Hospital in Arkham , where I could have better care .
I liked it there , for the doctors were broad - minded , and even lent me their influence in obtaining the carefully sheltered copy of Alhazred 's objectionable Necronomicon from the library of Miskatonic University .
They said something about a " psychosis " and agreed I had better get any harassing obsessions off my mind .
So I read that hideous chapter , and shuddered doubly because it was indeed not new to me .
I had seen it before , let footprints tell what they might ; and where it was I had seen it were best forgotten .
There was no one - in waking hours - who could remind me of it ; but my dreams are filled with terror , because of phrases I dare not quote .
I dare quote only one paragraph , put into such English as I can make from the awkward Low Latin .
" The nethermost caverns , " wrote the mad Arab , " are not for the fathoming of eyes that see ; for their marvels are strange and terrific .
Cursed the ground where dead thoughts live new and oddly bodied , and evil the mind that is held by no head .
Wisely did Ibn Schacabao say , that happy is the tomb where no wizard hath lain , and happy the town at night whose wizards are all ashes .
For it is of old rumour that the soul of the devil - bought hastes not from his charnel clay , but fats and instructs the very worm that gnaws ; till out of corruption horrid life springs , and the dull scavengers of earth wax crafty to vex it and swell monstrous to plague it .
Great holes secretly are digged where earth 's pores ought to suffice , and things have learnt to walk that ought to crawl . "
On January 7th , it was reported that Minnesota prosecutors had declined to prosecute a man who had posted anti-Muslim images , on the grounds that it was , as Stearns County Attorney Janelle Kendall aptly put it , a " classic First Amendment case . "
Indeed , the case would only have been significant if prosecutors had attempted to bring charges .
In marked contrast , the upcoming criminal trial of Dutch politician Geert Wilders for having " intentionally offended a group of people , i.e. Muslims , " and the potential of a two - year prison sentence for this ' crime , ' is nearly unfathomable .
Under the Dutch Penal Code , if the court finds that Wilders made his statements as part of his " profession or habit , " he could face up to two years in prison , which makes the charge analogous to a felony under US law .
In short , the Wilders trial , which is scheduled to begin on January 20th , will provide a litmus test as to whether the Netherlands , and to an extent Europe , is moving towards protecting or criminalizing the free speech America has always understood to be a fundamental bulwark of liberty .
We can only hope that the Netherlands chooses to defend the right to speak critically of others without the fear of imprisonment .
Related Topics : Geert Wilders receive the latest by email : subscribe to the legal project 's free mailing list
This text may be reposted or forwarded so long as it is presented as an integral whole with complete and accurate information provided about its author , date , place of publication , and original URL .
Syed Fahad Hashmi can tell you about the dark heart of America .
He knows that our First Amendment rights have become a joke , that habeas corpus no longer exists and that we torture , not only in black sites such as those at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan or at Guantánamo Bay , but also at the federal Metropolitan Correctional Center ( MCC ) in Lower Manhattan .
Hashmi is a U.S. citizen of Muslim descent imprisoned on two counts of providing and conspiring to provide material support and two counts of making and conspiring to make a contribution of goods or services to al - Qaida .
As his case prepares for trial , his plight illustrates that the gravest threat we face is not from Islamic extremists , but the codification of draconian procedures that deny Americans basic civil liberties and due process .
Hashmi would be a better person to tell you this , but he is not allowed to speak .
This corruption of our legal system , if history is any guide , will not be reserved by the state for suspected terrorists , or even Muslim Americans .
In the coming turmoil and economic collapse , it will be used to silence all who are branded as disruptive or subversive .
Hashmi endures what many others , who are not Muslim , will endure later .
Radical activists in the environmental , globalization , anti-nuclear , sustainable agriculture and anarchist movements — who are already being placed by the state in special detention facilities with Muslims charged with terrorism — have discovered that his fate is their fate .
Courageous groups have organized protests , including vigils outside the Manhattan detention facility .
They can be found at www.educatorsforcivilliberties.org or www.freefahad.com.
On Martin Luther King Day , this Jan. 18 at 6 p.m. EST , protesters will hold a large vigil in front of the MCC on 150 Park Row in Lower Manhattan to call for a return of our constitutional rights .
Join them if you can .
The case against Hashmi , like most of the terrorist cases launched by the Bush administration , is appallingly weak and built on flimsy circumstantial evidence .
This may be the reason the state has set up parallel legal and penal codes to railroad those it charges with links to terrorism .
If it were a matter of evidence , activists like Hashmi , who is accused of facilitating the delivery of socks to al - Qaida , would probably never be brought to trial .
Hashmi , who if convicted could face up to 70 years in prison , has been held in solitary confinement for more than 2½ years .
Special administrative measures , known as SAMs , have been imposed by the attorney general to prevent or severely restrict communication with other prisoners , attorneys , family , the media and people outside the jail .
He also is denied access to the news and other reading material .
Hashmi is not allowed to attend group prayer .
He is subject to 24 - hour electronic monitoring and 23 - hour lockdown .
He must shower and go to the bathroom on camera .
He can write one letter a week to a single member of his family , but he can not use more than three pieces of paper .
He has no access to fresh air and must take his one hour of daily recreation in a cage .
His “ proclivity for violence ” is cited as the reason for these measures although he has never been charged or convicted with committing an act of violence .
“ My brother was an activist , ” Hashmi ’s brother , Faisal , told me by phone from his home in Queens .
“ He spoke out on Muslim issues , especially those dealing with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
His arrest and torture have nothing to do with providing ponchos and socks to al - Qaida , as has been charged , but the manipulation of the law to suppress activists and scare the Muslim American community .
My brother is an example .
His treatment is meant to show Muslims what will happen to them if they speak about the plight of Muslims .
We have lost every single motion to preserve my brother ’s humanity and remove the special administrative measures .
These measures are designed solely to break the psyche of prisoners and terrorize the Muslim community .
These measures exemplify the malice towards Muslims at home and the malice towards the millions of Muslims who are considered as non-humans in Iraq and Afghanistan . ”
The extreme sensory deprivation used on Hashmi is a form of psychological torture , far more effective in breaking and disorienting detainees .
It is torture as science .
In Germany , the Gestapo broke bones while its successor , the communist East German Stasi , broke souls .
We are like the Stasi .
We have refined the art of psychological disintegration and drag bewildered suspects into secretive courts when they no longer have the mental and psychological capability to defend themselves .
“ Hashmi ’s right to a fair trial has been abridged , ” said Michael Ratner , the president of the Center for Constitutional Rights .
“ Much of the evidence in the case has been classified under CIPA , and thus Hashmi has not been allowed to review it .
The prosecution only recently turned over a significant portion of evidence to the defense .
Hashmi may not communicate with the news media , either directly or through his attorneys .
The conditions of his detention have impacted his mental state and ability to participate in his own defense .
“ The prosecution ’s case against Hashmi , an outspoken activist within the Muslim community , abridges his First Amendment rights and threatens the First Amendment rights of others , ” Ratner added .
“ While Hashmi ’s political and religious beliefs , speech and associations are constitutionally protected , the government has been given wide latitude by the court to use them as evidence of his frame of mind and , by extension , intent .
The material support charges against him depend on criminalization of association .
This could have a chilling effect on the First Amendment rights of others , particularly in activist and Muslim communities .
” Constitutionally protected statements , beliefs and associations can now become a crime .
Dissidents , even those who break no laws , can be stripped of their rights and imprisoned without due process .
It is the legal equivalent of preemptive war .
The state can detain and prosecute people not for what they have done , or even for what they are planning to do , but for holding religious or political beliefs that the state deems seditious .
The first of those targeted have been observant Muslims , but they will not be the last .
“ Most of the evidence is classified , ” Jeanne Theoharis , an associate professor of political science at Brooklyn College who taught Hashmi , told me , “ but Hashmi is not allowed to see it .
He is an American citizen .
But in America you can now go to trial and all the evidence collected against you can not be reviewed .
You can spend 2 ½ years in solitary confinement before you are convicted of anything .
There has been attention paid to extraordinary rendition , Guantánamo and Abu Ghraib with this false idea that if people are tried in the United States things will be fair .
But what allowed Guantánamo to happen was the devolution of the rule of law here at home , and this is not only happening to Hashmi . ”
Hashmi was , like so many of those arrested during the Bush years , briefly a poster child in the “ war on terror . ”
He was apprehended in Britain on June 6 , 2006 , on a U.S. warrant .
His arrest was the top story on the CBS and NBC nightly news programs , which used graphics that read “ Terror Trail ” and “ Web of Terror . ”
He was held for 11 months at Belmarsh Prison in London and then became the first U.S. citizen to be extradited by Britain .
The year before his arrest , Hashmi , a graduate of Brooklyn College , had completed his master ’s degree in international relations at London Metropolitan University .
His case has no more substance than the one against the seven men arrested on suspicion of plotting to blow up the Sears Tower , a case where , even though there were five convictions after two mistrials , an FBI deputy director acknowledged that the plan was more “ aspirational rather than operational . ”
And it mirrors the older case of the Palestinian activist Sami Al - Arian , now under house arrest in Virginia , who has been hounded by the Justice Department although he should legally have been freed .
Judge Leonie Brinkema , currently handling the Al - Arian case , in early March , questioned the U.S. attorney ’s actions in Al - Arian ’s plea agreement saying curtly : “ I think there ’s something more important here , and that ’s the integrity of the Justice Department . ”
The case against Hashmi revolves around the testimony of Junaid Babar , also an American citizen .
Babar , in early 2004 , stayed with Hashmi at his London apartment for two weeks .
In his luggage , the government alleges , Babar had raincoats , ponchos and waterproof socks , which Babar later delivered to a member of al - Qaida in south Waziristan , Pakistan .
It was alleged that Hashmi allowed Babar to use his cell phone to call conspirators in other terror plots .
“ Hashmi grew up here , was well known here , was very outspoken , very charismatic and very political , ” said Theoharis .
“ This is really a message being sent to American Muslims about the cost of being politically active .
It is not about delivering alleged socks and ponchos and rain gear .
Do you think al - Qaida ca n’t get socks and ponchos in Pakistan ?
The government is planning to introduce tapes of Hashmi ’s political talks while he was at Brooklyn College at the trial .
Why are we willing to let this happen ?
Is it because they are Muslims , and we think it will not affect us ?
People who care about First Amendment rights should be terrified .
This is one of the crucial civil rights issues of our time .
We ignore this at our own peril . ”
Babar , who was arrested in 2004 and has pleaded guilty to five counts of material support for al - Qaida , also faces up to 70 years in prison .
But he has agreed to serve as a government witness and has already testified for the government in terror trials in Britain and Canada .
Babar will receive a reduced sentence for his services , and many speculate he will be set free after the Hashmi trial .
Since there is very little evidence to link Hashmi to terrorist activity , the government will rely on Babar to prove intent .
This intent will revolve around alleged conversations and statements Hashmi made in Babar ’s presence .
Hashmi , who was a member of the New York political group Al Muhajiroun as a student at Brooklyn College , has made provocative statements , including calling America “ the biggest terrorist in the world , ” but Al Muhajiroun is not defined by the government as a terrorist organization .
Membership in the group is not illegal .
And our complicity in acts of state terror is a historical fact .
There will be more Hashmis , and the Justice Department , planning for future detentions , set up in 2006 a segregated facility , the Communication Management Unit , at the federal prison in Terre Haute , Ind .
Nearly all the inmates transferred to Terre Haute are Muslims .
A second facility has been set up at Marion , Ill. , where the inmates again are mostly Muslim but also include a sprinkling of animal rights and environmental activists , among them Daniel McGowan , who was charged with two arsons at logging operations in Oregon .
His sentence was given “ terrorism enhancements ” under the Patriot Act.
Amnesty International has called the Marion prison facility “ inhumane . ”
All calls and mail — although communication customarily is off - limits to prison officials — are monitored in these two Communication Management Units .
Communication among prisoners is required to be only in English .
The highest - level terrorists are housed at the Penitentiary Administrative Maximum Facility , known as Supermax , in Florence , Colo. , where prisoners have almost no human interaction , physical exercise or mental stimulation , replicating the conditions for most of those held at Guantánamo .
If detainees are transferred from Guantánamo to the prison in Thomson , Ill. , they will find little change .
They will endure Guantánamo - like conditions in colder weather .
Our descent is the familiar disease of decaying empires .
The tyranny we impose on others we finally impose on ourselves .
The influx of non-Muslim American activists into these facilities is another ominous development .
It presages the continued dismantling of the rule of law , the widening of a system where prisoners are psychologically broken by sensory deprivation , extreme isolation and secretive kangaroo courts where suspects are sentenced on rumors and innuendo and denied the right to view the evidence against them .
Dissent is no longer the duty of the engaged citizen but is becoming an act of terrorism .
Chris Hedges , whose column is published on Truthdig every Monday , spent two decades as a foreign reporter covering wars in Latin America , Africa , Europe and the Middle East .
He has written nine books , including “ Empire of Illusion : The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle ” ( 2009 ) and “ War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning ” ( 2003 ) .
We use cookies to make your experience of our website better .
To comply with E - Privacy Regulations , we need to ask for your consent to set these cookies .
The Analytics X Prize evaluates entries by comparing the RMSE of the predicted proportion of homicides per zip code versus the actual proportion of homicides per zip code .
RMSE is a standard way of comparing the predictive quality of models but suffers from a coarseness of resolution .
I would like to discuss what I think is a more intuitive method for evaluating spatial predictive models .
The problem of predicting crime can be thought of as a resource allocation problem .
Law enforcement would like to answer the question “ If we were to surveil X percentage of the area in our jurisdiction , what percentage Y of crime would we prevent ? ” .
If we assume that police presence and surveillance of an area where a crime is going occur prevents that crime all the time , then if the police were able to surveil 100 % of the area they would stop 100 % of the crime .
Of course , this is impossible , hence the resource allocation perspective of this problem .
A modified ROC plot that we call a Surveillance Plot is an intuitive visual display of the effectiveness of a spatial predictive model .
The following evaluation plot was produced on a model generated against Philadelphia homicide data up to November 2009 and then evaluated against data for the month of December 2009 .
The x-axis represents the percentage of the area is surveilled .
The y - axis represents the proportion of homicides that occurred in the area that has been surveilled .
So , if law enforcement surveilled the top 20 % most threatened areas according to the predictive model , they would prevent 62.5 % of homicides .
This kind of evaluation scales with the resolution of the prediction .
The resolution of the model I am using broke Philadelphia into a grid of cells that are 56ft by 59ft .
That is then the smallest incremental unit by which I can evaluate the resulting prediction .
The resolution can be tweaked to a level appropriate for the resource allocation problem the law enforcement community faces .
Share this post : Follow CCRi :
Twenty years ago , Nelson Mandela was released from Victor Verster Prison in Paarl , South Africa , on February 11 , 1990 .
That historic victory was the product of the long and courageous struggle of the oppressed people of South Africa .
It was also a victory for the international movement against apartheid .
Revolutionary Cuba played a vital role in the international movement against white minority rule in South Africa , as the following article describes .
( See also " Cuito Cuanavale : How Cuba fought for Africa ’s freedom " . )
* * *
By Nicole Sarmiento
January 21 , 2010 -- Pambazuka News --
Cuba 's relations with African liberation movements began as early as the 1960s , and shortly after the triumph of the struggle against the Batista dictatorship in Cuba .
Members of the Cuban leadership travelled to Algiers to build formal relations with the Algerian National Liberation Front ( Gleijeses , 1996a ) .
Che Guevara 's trip around the African continent in 1963 was a significant turning point in strengthening Cuba 's relationship with liberation movements around the continent .
In interviews with former commanders of Umkhonto we Sizwe ( MK ) [ the armed wing of the South African liberation movement ] and senior members of the MK Military Veterans Association , a number of the senior MK leadership met with Guevara in Algiers that year to discuss strengthening relations , the nature of the armed struggle and a number of other questions related to the role of liberation movements on the continent .
[ 1]
The relationship began at the political level and occurred in the space of international institutions , but it extended as well to clandestine meetings ( such as those of Guevara in Algeria and Tanzania in 1963 ) and the beginning of direct assistance to liberation movements . [ 2 ]
In 1961 at the first Summit of Heads of State and Government of the Non-Aligned Movement ( NAM ) in Belgrade , then president of Cuba Osvaldo Dorticó 's Torrado , condemned the apartheid government of South Africa and its policies .
[ 3 ]
Cuban officials began to speak out against the apartheid government and its internal policies at international conferences , summits , meetings and assemblies , repeatedly calling for resolutions and definitive decisions on the elimination of the policy of apartheid in South Africa . [ 4 ]
A number of central leaders of the anti-apartheid struggle have mentioned the weight of Cuban assistance to South Africa 's road to end white minority rule -- from Nelson Mandela and [ the South African Communist Party 's ]
Chris Hani , to cultural leaders such as Wally Serote and James Matthews .
However , little academic work has been done on actually uncovering the nature of those relations .
In the following article , I will try to outline the general character of those relations based on recently conducted research .
I look at the policy carried out by the Cuban regime and civil society towards South Africa 's struggle to end apartheid .
However , it is necessary to contextualise relations with South Africa during this period as intimately tied to Cuba 's overall policy in Africa and assistance to the anti-colonial struggle .
Cuba in southern Africa
A significant aspect of Cuba 's foreign policy was voicing its strong stance against the apartheid regime at international fora .
Cuba 's support for UN Resolution 435 , as well as its direct support to Angola 's struggle to defend its independence from apartheid military incursions , forms the centrepiece of Cuban policy towards southern African liberation movements .
Cuba 's role in Angola was central to its policy towards the South African liberation movements , as it provided a territorial base of support to the movement in exile and the military wing of the African National Congress ( ANC ) .
Angola was also a place where MK and South West African People 's Organisation ( SWAPO ) soldiers received military training , education and other skills from Cuban military instructors .
[ 5 ]
Alfred Nzo , then general secretary of the ANC , read a message in 1975 that reiterated oppressed South Africans ' support for Cuba 's assistance in Angola fighting alongside Angolan , MK and SWAPO troops against the South African military invasion .
He noted that Cuba 's assistance to the Angolans was " invaluable help for crushing South Africa 's evil racist and imperialist aggression " . [ 6 ]
At the first congress of the Cuban Communist Party , Jorge Risquet Valdés stated that Cuba 's assistance to and presence in Angola from 1975 was opening up the possibility of extending Cuba 's assistance to the South African resistance . [ 7 ]
In 1977 the Novo Katengue training centre for MK combatants was established .
Interviews with members of the ANC and South African Communist Party ( SACP ) leaderships , as well as former senior members of MK , point to the Cuban role in the southern African region as fundamental to understanding Cuba 's role in assisting the anti-apartheid struggle in South Africa .
These respondents make the assessment that the role of Cuba in Angola was central to speeding up the end of apartheid in South Africa and the independence of Namibia , and facilitated assistance to the South African liberation movements .
It is difficult to separate the dynamics of the struggle within South Africa as well as the development of liberation movements without taking into account the political and military developments in the southern African region .
Angola laid the platform for strengthening direct engagement at the military and political level between Cuba and the liberation movements from South Africa .
Cuba 's support for revolutionary change in the Americas and Africa reached a high point in Angola in 1988 .
[ 8 ]
Before 1975 around 2000 Cuban soldiers and aid workers had gone to Africa .
By 1988 the figures reached more than 450,000 . [ 9 ]
Despite the assumption of Cuba acting as a Cold War proxy , recent scholarly work on Cuba 's role in Angola illustrates that the Cuban leadership has consistently acted autonomously in its foreign policy .
Although much has been written on this period of the southern African history , very little has been written on Cuban involvement in South Africa , and much less from the perspective of participants . [ 10 ]
Most accounts mention Cuba 's involvement as a rental army of the Soviet Union , as a subservient player to the Cold War rivalry , as a rogue affair guided by the personality of one individual , or mention the Cuban role in passing .
The few scholars who take Cuban foreign policy as a serious area of study , avoiding the pitfalls of repeating simplistic and cynical characterisations of Cuban foreign policy , remain the following : Gleijeses ( 2003 , 2006 , 2009 ) , Saney ( 2006 , 2009 ) , Dosman ( 2008 ) and Lopez Blanch ( 2008 ) .
These accounts consistently reveal autonomy of foreign policy and formulation of aims and motives based on autochthonous experiences and aims .
Cuba 's policy towards South Africa
Encountering scholarly work , interviews and primary documents on Cuba 's collaboration with the anti-apartheid struggle is difficult .
An explanation is provided by Lopez Blanch ( 2008 ) : " Most contacts , visits and exchanges were extremely secretive to protect South African revolutionaries who were persecuted by the regime . "
Even the SACP seventh congress in 1989 , the last one to be held outside South Africa , was prepared , held and had delegates flown to Cuba in strict secrecy .
The congress was unknown to the president of the former Soviet Union , Mikhail Gorbachev , when he visited Cuba only three days before the congress was held .
[ 11 ]
The process of declassification of official documents is not complete in Cuba or in South Africa and thus further research , time and resources would need to be dedicated to unearthing some of the more specific questions pertaining to these relations .
Nonetheless , the data gained from the various qualitative interviews carried out in the process of this research point to extensive relations between Cuba and the ANC , SACP and trade union leadership , and particularly with MK as well as in terms of the development of internal discussions within the ANC and SACP on central political questions .
The training of female cadres within the liberation struggle via the Federation of Cuban Women , as well as using Cuba as a platform for the South African liberation movement to exchange with other liberation movements from around the world was also part of the relations between the Cuban state and civil society and the South African liberation movements .
A senior ANC / SACP leader recalls : " Our secretary general Nzo went to the first conference in Cuba -- the Tri-continental -- in the '60s .
From then onwards a link was established , a formal political link , both with the SACP and the ANC . " [ 12 ] .
The expansion of relations in the 1970s included military cooperation and training to MK , political relations between both the Cuban state and liberation movements , educational and medical cooperation .
ANC mission in Havana and relations with MK
Nelson Mandela 's speech at Matanzas , Cuba , in 1991 speaks about the founding of the armed wing of the ANC and the launch of the armed resistance to apartheid .
MK was launched on December 16 , 1961 , and the manifesto of MK was made public via an illegal radio broadcast given by Walter Sisulu .
Mandela speaks of the earliest contact with Cubans :
I must say that when we wanted to take up arms we approached numerous Western governments for assistance and we were never able to see any but the most junior ministers .
When we visited Cuba we were received by the highest officials and were immediately offered whatever we wanted and needed .
That was our earliest experience with Cuban internationalism ( Mandela , 1991:22 ) .
The official ANC Cuba mission was set up in Havana in 1978 with Alex la Guma as the central representative .
La Guma was also a well - known novelist and poet , and was the head of the ANC mission in Cuba until his death in 1988 .
The ANC mission was paid for by the Cuban government , and was the centre of anti-apartheid political activity in the Caribbean .
On the level of military cooperation , Joe Slovo and Joe Modise were the individuals responsible at the highest levels of coordinating all military cooperation between Cuba and the South African liberation movements .
Relations on the level of military training began in the 1970s with the increased Cuban involvement in Angola ; however , according to the respondents , political discussions took place on numerous occasions between the Cubans and the ANC , SACP and MK leadership in terms of the nature of the armed struggle .
Much of Cuba 's contact with the anti-apartheid alliance took place in different parts of southern Africa , and meetings occurred between the Cuban leadership and the ANC and SACP leaderships in Lusaka , Conakry , Harare and other cities in the region .
From 1976 until 1988 almost all MK training took place in Angola by Cubans and Soviets , mainly in the Novo Katengue camp .
The most significant MK and SWAPO training camp on the African continent at the time was Novo Katengue .
According to Ronnie Kasrils ( 2009:3 ) : " We had a major camp , which had about 500 people training there at any one time , a year at a time , called Novo Katengue ...
It was our most advanced camp .
And that is where the Cubans immediately came in and provided the infrastructure . '[ 13 ]
A political lull took place within South Africa around 1963 until the late 1960s , during which most of the anti-apartheid organisations were forced to go underground and few young recruits were joining MK .
The events in Angola in 1975 and the Soweto uprising in 1976 changed this domestic dynamic : a wave of recruits began to join the liberation movement and particularly MK [ 14 ] .
The Cubans were central in setting up a camp to train these young cadres as well as providing more advanced military training to cadres who had already excelled in the basic courses .
The Novo Katengue camp was established for basic military , guerrilla - style training , and then a specialised course was organised for those who graduated the main course .
This was carried out by the Cubans in the urban area of Benguele .
Kasrils ( 2009 ) describes the type of training specialisations : " how to engage in urban guerrilla warfare , use of disguises , special rendezvous arrangements , burying of weaponry ... " .
The camp was bombed by the South Africans in 1979 . [ 15 ]
The cadres in the camp were moved to several other camps around Angola , and the Cuban training and assistance decreased , due to the agreement of gradual Cuban troop withdrawal from Angola , which began around 1977 .
However , the assistance between Cuba and MK , along with relations with the anti-apartheid alliance , continued throughout this period into the 1990s .
The Angolans also had asked some Cuban forces to stay , given the South African Defence Force arming of [ Angolan contras of ] UNITA and the SADF 's presence in Namibia represented a major threat to Angola sovereignty .
An increase in Cuban assistance began in 1985 , sending larger numbers of MK troops from Luanda to Havana for training .
Kasrils ( 2009 ) describes how following discussions between Cubans and senior ANC , SACP and MK interlocutors , a specialised training regime was set up inside Cuba , which would receive South Africans in small groups . [ 16 ]
From 1986 - 1989 , much more specialised training of underground cells and smuggling of weapons , among other training was occurring in Cuba .
After 1988 ANC / MK instructors took over the training , as Cuba had then begun its withdrawal from Angola following the New York Accords on December 11 , 1988 .
On October 29 , 1989 , a mass rally of 80,000 people was held in Soweto and Walter Sisulu gave the main speech , with a call to maintain the armed struggle .
From 1988 through the early 1990s , a number of discussions with the anti-apartheid alliance leadership took place in Havana and in the Cuban embassy in Lusaka , involving discussions of continuing military training and assistance to MK as well as the sending of equipment and armaments .
Joe Slovo visited the Cuban embassy in Lusaka , Zambia in 1989 , and made a request for special armaments .
Lopez Blanch ( 2008 ) writes of a meeting between Chris Hani , Timothy Makwena and other high level MK leaders at the Cuban embassy in Lusaka , in May 1990 , to discuss the training of officers for the post- liberation South African National Defence Force .
Secret meetings between Cubans and ANC and SACP leadership took place in Lusaka and Harare in June 1987 .
Cuban documents from July 1990 detail that armaments were delivered to the ANC / MK in 1987 , 1988 and 1989 .
The report also states that 403 MK combatants had received special training by Cubans at the time .
In May 1990 in Lusaka , there was a meeting between Cubans and Chris Hani : " Hani stated that Cuba meant a lot to the ANC and to South Africa , and that it was one of the few friends that the ANC had at the moment , which is why it looked to Cuba , not only because of its high degree of technical and combative specialisation , but because of the ideological role that would be played by the personnel trained on the island " ( Lopez Blanch , 2008 ) .
Much remains to be learned on the side of military cooperation between Cuba and the liberation movement in South Africa , and for this more interviews would have to be carried out , as well as the declassification of official documents in South African and Cuban archives .
Women , education and civil society
Cuban relations with the anti-apartheid alliance existed on multiple levels .
Students from South Africa studied in Cuba , and young MK cadres who had little basic education were sent to Cuba to upgrade their levels of education and prepare for a future democratic state .
Political education also took place for leaders within the women 's section of the ANC , organised by the Federation of Cuban Women ( FMC ) .
Education agreements were made between Cuba and the ANC and the SACP , providing education to South Africans with all expenses paid by the Cuban state .
In 1976 the first South African student arrived in Havana , and in 1977 the first group of South African students arrived in the Isle of Pines , which later was to be called the Isle of Youth . [ 17 ]
Twenty - three students from South Africa came in 1986 and 107 in 1988 .
Alfred Nzo and Oliver Tambo had planned to send a large contingent of South Africans to receive education in Cuba .
This eventually did not happen due to the wave of political activity in South Africa that began in 1988 , the events in Cuito Cuanavale and subsequently the decriminalisation of liberation organisations .
By 2005 , 272 South African students had graduated from Cuban universities and technical schools ( 115 from university and 157 at technical schools ) .
As of 2005 , more than 400 South African young people were studying for free in Cuba .
According to Thenjiwe Mtintso , former South African ambassador to Cuba , " out of every 20 South Africans who studied in Cuba , 15 today practice their specialties in the public sector " . [ 18 ]
The FMC began its assistance to women involved in national liberation struggles from all over the Third World .
In February 1975 , the FMC opened the Fé del Valle School for women , which provided a wide variety of education and training over a 10 - month period , with all expenses paid by the FMC .
Thenjiwe Mtintso , who was a senior MK commander and member of the SACP central committee , was one of the women educated in Cuba who spent time training at the Fé del Valle School .
The education program that the FMC had begun was principally in political , cultural and ideological training ( Lopez Blanch , 2008 ) .
By 1976 there were around 300 women in the program from different countries .
At the level of civil society , Cubans were involved in elevating the status of the anti-apartheid struggle to the level of popular consciousness .
In May 1981 , Cuba had helped organise an international anti-apartheid conference in Paris .
Cuba participated in June 1981 at the International Conference on Sanctions against South Africa -- and pushed for a more hardline stand against apartheid than the one which had been drafted by the Western European states and the US . [ 19 ]
In 1986 , Cuba began its own anti-apartheid committee that would work with anti-apartheid committees all over the world on numerous issues .
It became known as the Cuban Anti-Apartheid Committee .
Cuba awarded leaders of the South African resistance with numerous awards , from Nelson Mandela to Oliver Tambo , and cultural icons such as Miriam Makeba and Alex la Guma .
Anti-apartheid protests were organised in Havana , and the Organisation of Solidarity with the People of Africa , Asia and Latin America ( OSPAAAL ) popularised protest art that highlighted the struggle against apartheid and the war in Vietnam .
The 1989 SACP congress and a new era of relations
Numerous important visits , with messages between Cubans and the South African resistance , also took place throughout the 1960s and 1970s , intensifying after 1975 . [ 20 ]
In 1990 John Nkadimeng , then general secretary of the South African Congress of Trade Unions ( SACTU ) and a member of the national executive committee of the ANC , as well as member of the SACP , visited Cuba .
During the trip he had extensive meetings with Cuba 's state - affiliated trade unions .
Nkadimeng became South Africa 's first ambassador to Cuba following the end of apartheid in 1994 , which was the first new embassy established after democratic elections in 1994 [ 21 ] .
Nkadimeng ( 2009 ) and Gonzalez Gonzalez ( 2009 ) described the close relations between the Cuban Workers ' Federation ( CTC ) and the militant South African trade unions part of the anti-apartheid alliance .
Numerous meetings were held in Cuba between the CTC and SACTU , and then later with COSATU [ 22 ] .
The seventh congress of the South African Communist Party , the last to be held outside of South Africa , took place in Cuba in 1989 .
Several leaders of the anti-apartheid alliance attended and the meeting was guarded with complete secrecy due to the difficult moment in which it was taking place and the underground existence of the SACP and liberation movements .
John Nkadimeng ( 2009 ) states , " It was very important because it was a mark of respect and recognition of socialist Cuba .
The role they played . " [ 23 ]
Following the decriminalisation of political organisations in 1990 , the first Cuban meeting with Mandela took place at the independence celebration in Windhoek , Namibia , in 1990 , and then Mandela 's July 23 - 26 , 1991 , visit to Cuba , in which he spoke to a mass rally at Matanzas .
The rally celebrated the 38th anniversary of the attack on the Moncada Barracks , which marked the beginning of the Cuban revolutionary struggle .
Cuba was Mandela 's first country to visit outside of Africa since his release from prison , and it was a significant show of solidarity .
After the ANC triumph in the 1994 election , Cuba and South Africa began formal diplomatic ties -- and Cuba was the first country recognised diplomatically by the ANC government elected in 1994 .
A new page of Cuban assistance to South Africa began , today geared towards social development .
[ Nicole Sarmiento is a graduate student based in Cape Town , South Africa .
This article first appeared in Pambazuka News .
It has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
Notes
[ 1 ]
See interview with senior MK commander , 2009 ; Mxolisi Ndlovu , 2006 ; Thomas , 1997 .
[ 2 ] Grovogui , 2003 ; Young , 2001 ; Gleijeses , 2003 ; Lopez Blanch , 2008 ; Interview with senior MK commander , 2009 ; Mxolisi Ndlovu , 2006 ; Younis , 2000 ; Kasrils , 2004 .
[ 3 ]
This occurred at a time when few Western governments dared to speak out against the South African government and its policies , and many were supporting as well as aiding the regime with weapons that were used to oppress the vast majority of South Africa 's population .
[ 4 ] Lopez Blanch , 2008 .
[ 5 ]
Interview with Kasrils , 2009 ; interview with Pahad , 2009 ; interview with Nkadimeng , 2009 ; Mtintso , 2008 ; Kasrils , 2008 .
[ 6 ]
Nzo quoted in Lopez Blanch , 2008 .
[ 7 ]
Interview with senior MK commander , 2009 ; Mxolisi Ndlovu , 2006 ; Thomas , 1997 .
[ 8 ] George , 2005 ; Gleijeses , 2006 .
[ 9 ]
Gleijeses , 2006 .
[ 10 ] Dosman , 2008 ; Saney , 2004 .
[ 11 ] Lopez Blanch , 2008 .
[ 12 ] Interview with Pahad , 2009 .
[ 13 ] Motumi ( 1994 ) writes that between 1977 and 1988 almost all MK military training took place in Angola .
[ 14 ] Interview with Kasrils , 2009 ; Motumi , 1994 ; Ellis and Sechaba , 1992 .
[ 15 ]
Only a few Cubans and South Africans were killed , because the Cubans and the ANC / MK had managed to receive intelligence reports about the possibility of an SADF bombing of the camp .
At the time the bombing occurred the camp was almost entirely evacuated ( Dosman , 2009 ; Lopez Blanch , 2008 ; Kasrils , 2004 ; interview with Kasrils , 2009 ; Motumi , 1994 ) .
[ 16 ]
This was apart from the students who were sent from South Africa to study in Cuba , who were usually unaware of other cooperation or relations taking place on the island between ANC / MK and Cuba .
[ 17 ] Lopez Blanch , 2008 .
[ 18 ] Mtintso quoted in Lopez Blanch , 2008 .
[ 19 ] Lopez Blanch , 2008 .
[ 20 ]
Some of the visits to Cuba of South African resistance leaders included the 1988 visit by Cyril Ramaphosa , then general secretary of the South African National Union of Mineworkers .
In 1989 Thabo Mbeki visited Cuba .
[ 21 ]
According the Nkadimeng ( 2009 ) , " I felt that Mandela had honoured me by sending me to Cuba , a country that was prepared to do anything for South Africa . "
[ 22 ] Gonzalez Gonzalez ( 2009 ) states that the close relations between trade unions of the two countries has furthermore extended after 1994 , and numerous CTC leaders from Cuba have travelled to meetings with COSATU , to continue relations and exchange among workers ' federations .
[ 23 ] Aziz Pahad ( 2009 ) recalls of the SACP Congress , " [...] there was no surprise that the Congress would take place in Cuba for many of us " .
Bibliography
Ankomah , B. 2008 a .
“ Explain that to U.S , Mr. Brown ” in New African , No. 472 : 8 - 9 .
Ankomah , B. 2008 b .
“ Castro of Africa … his life and work are a challenge to the continent ” in New African , No. 472 : 10 - 17 .
Ankomah , B. 2008 c . “ Fidel Castro , the verdict … How the West reacted to his resignation ” in New African , No.472 : 20-25 .
Baines , G. and Vale , P. ( eds. ) 2008 .
Beyond the Border War : New Perspectives on Southern Africa ’s Late - Cold War Conflicts .
Pretoria : UNISA Press .
Brittain , V. 1988a .
Hidden Lives , Hidden Deaths : South Africa ’s Crippling of a Continent .
London : Faber and Faber .
Brittain , V. 1988 b .
“ Cuba and Southern Africa ” in New Left Review , 172 : 117-124 .
Bøås , M. and Dunn , K.C. 2007 .
African Guerrillas : Raging Against the Machine .
Boulder : Lynne Rienner Publishers , Inc .
Campbell , H. 1989 .
“ The Military Defeat of the South Africans in Angola ” in Monthly Review , 40 ( 11 ) : 1-15 .
Campbell , H. 2001 .
“ Cuito Cuanavale ” in Crahan , M.E. et. al. ( eds. ) , The Oxford Companion to Politics of the World , New York : Oxford University Press .
Campbell , H. 2008 .
“ Cuito Cuanavale : A Tribute to Fidel Castro and the African Revolution ” in Pambazuka News , Issue 377 , http://www.pambazuka.org/en/category/features/48547
Castro , F. 1981 .
“ There is Only One Road to Liberation : That of Cuba , That of Grenada , That of Nicaragua ” in Taber , M. ( ed ) , Cuba ’s Internationalist Foreign Policy 1975 - 1980 : Fidel Castro Speeches .
New York : Pathfinder Press .
Castro , F. [ 1987 ] 1989 .
“ Che ’s Ideas are Absolutely Relevant Today ” in Guevara , C. and Castro , F. , Socialism and Man in Cuba .
1989 .
New York : Pathfinder Press .
Castro , F. 1989 .
“ Cuba Responds to the Invasion of Angola ” in Deutshman , D. ( ed ) , Angola and Namibia : Changing the History of Africa , Melbourne : Ocean Press , 61 - 68 .
Castro , F. 1991 .
“ We will never return to the Slave Barracks ” in Mandela , N. and Castro , F. , How Far We Slaves Have Come .
New York : Pathfinder Press , 31 - 70 .
Cooper , R.S. , Kennelly , J.F. , Orduñez - Garcia , P. 2006 .
“ Review : Health in Cuba ” in International Journal of Epidemiology , 35 : 817-824 .
Deutschmann , D. ( ed ) . 1989 .
Angola and Namibia : Changing the History of Africa .
Melbourne : Ocean Press .
Dosman , E. 2008 .
“ Countdown to Cuito Cuanavale : Cuba ’s Angola Campaign ” in Baines , G. and Vale , P. ( eds ) , Beyond the Border War : New Perspectives on Southern Africa ’s Late - Cold War Conflicts .
Pretoria : UNISA Press , 207-228 .
Ellis , S. and Sechaba , T. 1992 .
Comrades Against Apartheid : The ANC & The South African Communist Party in Exile .
London : James Currey .
FP ( Freedom Park ) .
2009 a .
“ The Freedom Park honours South Africa ’s Cuban comrades ” .
http://www.freedompark.co.za/cms/index.php?option=com_docman&task=cat_view&gid=4&Itemid=3 ( October 12 , 2009 ) .
FP ( Freedom Park ) .
2009 b .
“ Commemoration of the 15th anniversary of diplomatic relations – South Africa and Cuba ” .
http://www.freedompark.co.za/cms/index.php?option=com_docman&task=cat_view&gid=4&Itemid=3 ( October 12 , 2009 ) .
George , E. 2005 .
The Cuban Intervention in Angola , 1965 - 1991 : From Che Guevara to Cuito Cuanavale .
London and New York : Frank Cass .
Gleijeses , P. 1996a .
“ Havana ’s Policy in Africa , 1959 - 76 : New Evidence from Cuban Archives ” in Cold War International History Project Bulletin .
http://www.wilsoncenter.org/topics/pubs/ACF191.pdf ( May 2008 ) .
Gleijeses , P. 1996 b .
“ Cuba ’s First Venture in Africa : Algeria , 1961 - 1965 in Journal of Latin American Studies , 28:1 , 159-195 .
Gleijeses , P. 1997 .
“ The First Ambassadors : Cuba ’s Contribution to Guinea - Bissau ’s War of Independence ” in Journal of Latin American Studies , 29 : 45 - 88 .
Gleijeses , P. 2003 .
Conflicting Missions : Havana , Washington , and Africa : 1959 - 1976 .
Chapel Hill : The University of North Carolina Press .
Gleijeses , P. 2006 .
“ Moscow ’s Proxy ?
Cuba and Africa 1975 - 1988 ” in Journal of Cold War Studies , 8:2 , 3-51 .
Gleijeses , P. 2009 .
“ From Cassinga to New York : The Struggle for the Independence of Namibia , ” in Sue Onslow , ed. , Cold War in Southern Africa : White Power , Black Liberation , London : Routledge , 2009 : 201-24 .
Grovogui , S.N. 2003 .
“ Postcoloniality in Global South Foreign Policy : A Perspective ” in Braveboy - Wagner ( ed ) 2003 , The Foreign Policies of the Global South : Rethinking Conceptual Frameworks .
London : Lynne Rienner Publishers , 31 - 48 .
Guevara , C. and Castro , F. 1989 .
Socialism and Man in Cuba .
New York : Pathfinder Press .
Guevara , C. [ 1965 ] 1989 .
“ Socialism and Man in Cuba ” in Guevara , C. and Castro , F. Socialism and Man in Cuba .
New York : Pathfinder Press .
Kasrils , R. 2004 .
Armed and Dangerous : From Undercover Struggle to Freedom .
Johannesburg and Cape Town : Jonathan Ball Publishers .
Kasrils , R. 2008 .
“ Historic Turning Point at Cuito Cuanavale , ” Address at Rhodes University , Grahamstown , South Africa .
http://www.pmpsa.gov.za/FILES/pdfs/Kasrils.pdf ( 28 May ) .
López Blanch , H. 2008 .
“ Cuba : The Little Giant Against Apartheid ” in SADET , 2008 , The Road to Democracy in South Africa : Volume 3 , International Solidarity , Part 2 , Pretoria : UNISA Press , 1155 - 1210 .
Malapanis , A. and Kane , R. 1995 .
“ Mandela : ‘ Cuba Shared the Trenches with U.S’ South African President praises ‘ Unparalleled Internationalism ” in The Militant , Vol.59:39 .
http://www.themilitant.com/1995/5939/5939_1.html ( May 2008 ) .
Mandela , N. and Castro , F. 1991 .
How Far We Slaves Have Come . New York : Pathfinder Press .
Mandela , N. 1991 .
“ Cuba has done much for the peoples of Africa ” in Mandela , N. and Castro , F. , How Far We Slaves Have Come .
New York : Pathfinder Press .
Mandela , N. 1995 .
“ ‘ Internationalism Contributed To Victory ’ :
South Africa President Nelson Mandela Addresses Cuba Solidarity Conference ” in The Militant , 59 ( 39 ) .
http://www.themilitant.com/1995/5939/5939_28.html ( October 2009 ) .
Mbeki , T. 2001 .
“ Address by President Thabo Mbeki , at the University of Havana , Cuba , 27 March 2001 ” http://www.info.gov.za/speeches/2001/0103281245p1012.htm
( October 12 , 2009 ) .
Mbeki , T. 2006 .
“ Address by the Chairperson of the Group of 77 and China , President Thabo Mbeki at the XIV Summit Conference of the Non-Aligned Movement ( NAM ) , Havana , Cuba 14 September 2006 ” http://www.dfa.gov.za/docs/2006/nam0916.htm
( October 2 , 2009 ) .
Motumi , T. 1994 .
“ Umkhonto we Sizwe : Structure , Training and Force Levels ( 1984-1994 ) in African Defence Review , No. 18 .
http://www.iss.co.za/pubs/asr/ADR18/Motumi.html ( May 2008 ) .
Mtintso , T. 2008 .
“ Prologue ” in López Blanch , Cuba : Pequeño Gigante Contra el Apartheid , Havana : Ediciones Abril .
Mxolisi Ndlovu , S. 2006 .
“ The ANC ’s Diplomacy and International Relations ” in SADET Volume 2 , 1970 - 1980 .
University of South Africa : UNISA Press , 615-668 .
Onslow , S. ( ed ) 2009 .
Cold War in Southern Africa : White Power , Black Liberation .
London : Routledge .
Parliament of the Republic of South Africa ( PRSA ) .
2008 .
Parliamentary Millenium Project : 20th Commemoration of the Battle of Cuito Cuanavale .
8 May 2007 .
Risquet , J. 1989 .
“ Defeating the South Africans in Angola was decisive for Africa : Interview with Jorge Risquet ” in Deutschmann , D. ( ed ) Angola and Namibia : Changing the History of Africa .
Melbourne : Ocean Press .
SADET ( South African Democracy Education Trust ) .
2008 .
The Road To Democracy in South Africa : Volume 3 , International Solidarity , Part 2 .
Pretoria : UNISA Press .
Saney , I. 2004 .
Cuba : A Revolution in Motion .
Halifax : Fernwood Publishing .
Saney , I. 2006 .
“ African Stalingrad : The Cuban Revolution , Internationalism , and the end of Apartheid ” in Latin American Perspectives , Issue150 .
33:5 , 81-117 .
Saney , I. 2009 .
“ Homeland of Humanity : Internationalism within the Cuban Revolution in Latin American Perspectives , Issue 164 , 36 ( 1 ) : 111-123 .
Thomas , S. 1997 .
The Diplomacy of Liberation : The Foreign Relations of the African National Congress Since 1960 .
London : IB Taurus .
TRC ( Truth and Reconciliation Commission of South Africa ) , 1999 .
Truth and Reconciliation Commission of South Africa Report .
Vol. 2 . Repression and Resistance .
London : Macmillan Reference Limited .
Younis , M.N. 2000 .
Liberation and Democratization : The South African and Palestinian National Movements .
Minneapolis : University of Minnesota Press .
The use of the filibuster has grown over the years .
But a look at the history over the past forty years shows a pretty clear pattern .
First New York City required restaurants to cut out trans fat .
Then it made restaurant chains post calorie counts on their menus .
Now it wants to protect people from another health scourge : salt .
On Monday , the Bloomberg administration plans to unveil a broad new health initiative aimed at encouraging food manufacturers and restaurant chains across the country to curtail the amount of salt in their products .
The plan , for which the city claims support from health agencies in other cities and states , sets a goal of reducing the amount of salt in packaged and restaurant food by 25 percent over the next five years .
Public health experts say that would reduce the incidence of high blood pressure and should help prevent some of the strokes and heart attacks associated with that condition .
The plan is voluntary for food companies and involves no legislation .
It allows companies to cut salt gradually over five years so the change is not so noticeable to consumers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Germany is heading for a record debt in 2010 as declining tax revenues and rising unemployment costs hit the ballooning budget deficit .
Government ministers have warned once the economic crisis is over , Europe 's biggest economy will have to brace itself for a severe fiscal crackdown .
Tristana Moore reports from Berlin .
On Thursday , thinking Democratic senators would balk at the idea , Sens. David Vitter ( R - La. ) and Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) introduced the gimmick health - care amendment .
" The idea , broad - brush , is that whatever government option is in the bill , every senator and every representative should be enrolled in it , " Vitter told The Hill .
" No other possibilities , no other choices . "
" It 's called leadership , " Coburn said .
" If it 's good enough for everybody else , we ought to be leading by example . "
But Democrats called their bluff , and the Republicans would n't allow it .
When Sen. Sherrod Brown ( D - Ohio ) tried to become a co-sponsor of the amendment , he got the cold shoulder .
So Brown , joined by Sens. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn. ) , Barbara A. Mikulski ( D - Md. ) , and Al Franken ( D - Minn. ) , forced his way onto the amendment with a unanimous consent vote .
Microsoft plans to transition its Windows Azure cloud computing platform from preview to full production capacity on January 1 next year , Chief Software Architect Ray Ozzie announced at the annual PDC conference on Tuesday .
The service , currently operating as a free Community Technology Preview ( CTP ) , will remain no -cost throughout January ; from February 1 it will start accumulating charges .
The cost schedule was previously announced in July .
Since its initial announcement at PDC 2008 , the Azure CTP has been available to developers to allow them to test and explore the capabilities of the platform .
" Tens of thousands of developers have participated in the CTP and you 've made a tremendous impact on the product , " Ozzie said .
The free month will allow this testing to continue ; it will also , for the first time , give developers the chance to preview their usage and learn how much use of the platform will cost once billing starts .
The CTP has thus far included three components : the Windows Azure platform itself , a scalable , manageable Windows environment allowing both .NET and native development , including support for CGI , PHP , and other Microsoft and non-Microsoft technologies ; SQL Azure , a replicated , fault - tolerate , high - performance version of SQL Server ; and AppFabric ( formerly known as . NET Services ) , a collection of Web services providing reliable asynchronous communications , message queuing , and other glue infrastructure useful for interoperating with the cloud .
Further to these , Microsoft announced a new Azure service now included in the CTP .
Codenamed " Dallas , " the new service gives developers the ability to discover , purchase , and manage data subscriptions within Azure .
The technology was showcased by PDC by Federal CIO Vivek Kundra .
Kundra demonstrated a career - finding application based on Department of Labor teaching data stored and catalogued by Dallas that allowed , for example , teachers to find which areas of the country needed more teachers .
The application was able to drill down within the dataset , for example , to find out exactly what kind of special education teachers were required in a particular area .
Behind the scenes , Dallas itself is built atop Windows Azure and SQL Azure .
Kundra claimed that enabling access to public data in this way was a critical step in achieving the efficiency , openness , and transparency required of Open Government .
By making data available openly and publicly with Dallas , developers will gain new power to " remix " and experiment .
During the CTP period a number of data providers are available through Dallas , including NASA 's Pathfinder images of Mars .
NASA and Microsoft together launched a competition , the Pathfinder Innovation Challenge , to see how students and developers can make best use of the huge amount of data that the Pathfinder mission produced .
Ozzie also described improvements to the Microsoft Pinpoint service .
Pinpoint can now be used by developers and IT managers to find Azure services ( both software and data ) , and its service catalogue is now integrated into the Azure front - end .
Ozzie wrapped up by underlining Microsoft 's investment and belief in cloud computing , and the potential that the technology offers customers .
Redmond is betting that cloud computing will herald a new wave of exciting development opportunities and a bright future of interconnected cloud applications — and that Azure will be fundamental to this brave new world .
Viewing Stereoscopic Images with the Look Crossed Method
The easiest way to bring the two images together is to hold up a finger between your face and the monitor .
Look at the finger , then shift your attention to the images on the monitor .
When they are properly merged , you will see three images .
The center image is stereoscopic .
Ignore the outer images .
If you have difficulty crossing your eyes , try moving back away from the monitor .
This reduces the degree of eye - crossing required .
Once you have the stereoscopic image in focus , try using your hands to frame the center image and block out the outer images .
When you get your hands in the correct position , there is an illusion that the 3D image is floating in space between your hands .
LAST year was arguably the year of the travel deal , with resorts and airlines practically begging for bookings , and many travelers finding bargain airfares and hotel rooms as a result .
But airlines have cut back capacity , meaning there will be fewer seats going unsold , and resorts may not be as quick to cut rates to attract guests , now that the economy looks as if it might be on a slight rebound .
So now is the perfect time to review your booking strategy .
Here are 10 simple steps you can take to help cut your travel costs in 2010 .
1. Sign Up for a Twitter Account
An increasing number of travel companies are using Twitter to market their brands , often by tweeting exclusive deals to followers .
JetBlue calls out last - minute discounts at JetBlueCheeps on Tuesday mornings .
A recent example : “ $ 89 BOS to LAS this Sat. LAS to BOS this Mon. or Tues. 25 seats avail or til 6 pm ET . ” Fairmont Hotels offers its Twitter followers special discounts before anyone else .
Farecompare ’s “ flyfrom ” Twitter feed offers location - specific fare sales when you plug in your home airport ’s three - letter code , as in flyfromNYC .
All you need to do is sign up for a free account at Twitter.com and start following the companies you like or travel experts who do the work for you .
( You can find me at MichelleHiggins . )
2. Find the Cheapest Dates to Fly
ITASoftware.com , which provides the technological backbone for many airfare shopping sites , allows users to scan an entire month ’s fares for the least expensive rate .
( Log in as a “ guest ” and click on “ month - long search . ” )
In January , the 28th and 30th were the cheapest dates to fly nonstop to London from New York ( $ 536 ) for a week ’s vacation , according to a recent search .
The next best was Saturday , Jan. 23 , at $ 640 .
To book the ticket , users must go to another site .
Kayak.com has a flexible - dates option ( registration is required ) and a calendar that shows the best fares found by other Kayak users in the last 48 hours .
Bing Travel , the Microsoft search engine , offers a similar option , found under “ plan trips , ” about halfway down the page .
A lambda calculus for quantum computation
Scheme simulator
which develop a linear lambda calculus for expressing quantum algorithms .
The code below implements the examples in the first one of these two papers .
Instructions
The code should work in any Scheme adhering to the R5RS standard .
It has been tested in PLT 's DrScheme and Petite Chez Scheme , both of which are freely available .
Instructions are as follows for DrScheme :
Install DrScheme .
When asked during installation , choose the " Pretty Big " language level .
Save the two files quantum.scm quantum - definitions.scm wherever you like , but they should be in the same directory .
wherever you like , but they should be in the same directory .
Launch DrScheme , load the file quantum.scm , and click on the " execute " button to run the algorithms .
Examples :
Simple gate combinations
( qeval ( H ( H ( H 0 ) ) ) ) => ( superposition ( 0.7071067811865 1 ) ( 0.7071067811865 0 ) )
( qeval ( H ( H ( H ( H 0 ) ) ) ) ) => ( superposition ( 1.0 0 ) )
( define ( make - epr ) ( cnot ( H 0 ) 0 ) )
( qeval ( make - epr ) ) => ( superposition ( 0.7071067811865 ( 1 1 ) ) ( 0.7071067811865 ( 0 0 ) ) )
The Deutsch algorithm
( define ( deutsch Uf ) ( bind * ( [ x ( H 0 ) ] [y ( H 1 ) ] [ ( x * y*) ( Uf x y ) ] ) ( list ( H x * ) ( H y * ) ) ) )
( qeval ( deutsch cnot ) ) => ( superposition ( 1.0 ( 1 1 ) ) )
Another example , Uf = ( lambda ( x y ) ( list x y ) ) corresponds to f( 0 ) = f ( 1 ) = 0 :
( qeval ( deutsch ( lambda ( x y ) ( list x y ) ) ) ) => ( superposition ( 1.0 ( 0 1 ) ) )
Quantum teleportation
( define ( teleport x ) ( bind * ( [ ( e1 e2 ) ( make -epr ) ] [ ( x * e1 * ) ( alice x e1 ) ] ) ( bob x * e1 * e2 ) ) ) ( define ( alice x e ) ( bind ( [ ( x* e* ) ( cnot x e ) ] ) ( list ( H x * ) e* ) ) ) ( define ( bob x e1 e2 ) ( bind * ( [ ( e1 * e2 * ) ( cX e1 e2 ) ] [ ( x * e2** ) ( cZ x e2 * ) ] ) ( list x * e1 * e2 * * ) ) )
( qeval ( teleport ( H 1 ) ) ) => ( superposition ( - 0.3535533905933 ( 1 0 1 ) ) ( - 0.3535533905933 ( 0 0 1 ) ) ( - 0.3535533905933 ( 1 1 1 ) ) ( - 0.3535533905933 ( 0 1 1 ) ) ( 0.3535533905933 ( 1 1 0 ) ) ( 0.3535533905933 ( 0 1 0 ) ) ( 0.3535533905933 ( 1 0 0 ) ) ( 0.3535533905933 ( 0 0 0 ) ) )
Higher order functions
Creating a uniform superposition is easy using the higher - order function MAP , which applies a given transformation to each element in a list .
( define ( map f lst ) ( list - match lst [ ( ) '( ) ]
[ ( hd . tl ) ( cons ( ( ! resume f ) hd ) ( map f tl ) ) ] ) )
( qeval ( map (! suspend H ) ' ( 0 0 0 ) ) ) => ( superposition ( 0.3535533905933 ( 1 1 1 ) ) ( 0.3535533905933 ( 1 1 0 ) ) ( 0.3535533905933 ( 1 0 1 ) ) ( 0.3535533905933 ( 1 0 0 ) ) ( 0.3535533905933 ( 0 1 1 ) ) ( 0.3535533905933 ( 0 1 0 ) ) ( 0.3535533905933 ( 0 0 1 ) )
Quantum Fourier transform
( define ( fourier lst ) ( reverse ( fourier * lst ) ) ) ( define ( fourier * lst ) ( list - match lst [ ( ) '( ) ]
[ ( hd . tl ) ( bind ( [ ( hd* . tl* ) ( phases ( H hd ) tl 2 ) ] ) ( cons hd* ( fourier * t l * ) ) ) ] ) ) ( define ( phases target controls n ) ( list - match controls [ ( ) ( list target ) ] [ ( control . tl ) ( bind* ( [ ( control * target * ) ( ( cR n ) control target ) ] [ ( target * * .
tl* ) ( phases target * tl ( add1 n ) ) ] ) ( cons target ** ( cons control * tl * ) ) ) ] ) )
( qeval ( fourier ' ( 1 0 ) ) ) => ( superposition ( - 0.5 ( 1 1 ) ) ( - 0.5 ( 0 1 ) ) ( 0.5 ( 1 0 ) ) ( 0.5 ( 0 0 ) ) ) ( qeval ( fourier ' ( 1 1 1 ) ) ) => ( superposition ( 0.25+0.25 i ( 1 1 1 ) ) ( - 0.25-0.25 i ( 0 1 1 ) ) ( - 0.25+0.25 i ( 1 0 1 ) ) ( 0.25 -0.25 i ( 0 0 1 ) ) ( 0.0+0.3535533905933 i ( 1 1 0 ) ) ( - 0.0-0.3535533905933 i ( 0 1 0 ) ) ( - 0.3535533905933 ( 1 0 0 ) ) ( 0.3535533905933 ( 0 0 0 ) ) )
Simulator primitives
QUAMB is easy to use .
For example , the Hadamard and the Pauli X and Z operations are defined as ( see the file quantum - definitions.scm above )
( define ( H a ) ( case a [ ( 0 ) ( quamb ( 1/sqrt2 0 ) ( 1/sqrt2 1 ) ) ] [ ( 1 ) ( quamb ( 1/sqrt2 0 ) ( - 1/sqrt2 1 ) ) ] ) ) ( define ( X a ) ( case a [ ( 0 ) 1 ] [ ( 1 ) 0 ] ) ) ( define ( Z a ) ( case a [ ( 0 ) 0 ] [ ( 1 ) ( quamb ( - 1 1 ) ) ] ) )
The user may define additional primitives and oracles using the quamb operator .
However , the user should be aware that functions that use QUAMB , that branch according to the value of a qubit , or that use arguments referring to values containing qubits nonlinearly , are not syntactically valid functions of the quantum lambda calculus and are not guaranteed to be unitary .
However , there is nothing wrong with regarding such functions as extensions of the simulator .
We may call such functions " Oracles " to distinguish them from proper functions in the quantum lambda calculus .
The user may of course define additional oracles to suit his or her purposes , but should ensure that they define unitary operations .
Racial Profiling And Body Scanners Target Civil Liberties But Not Necessarily Terrorists
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – The Obama administration announced Sunday it will subject the citizens of 14 nations who are flying to the United States to intensified screening at airports , including being subjected to full - body pat downs or body scanners .
According to the American Civil Liberties Union , the government should adhere to longstanding standards of individualized suspicion and enact security measures that are the least threatening to civil liberties and are proven to be effective .
Racial profiling and untargeted body scanning do not meet those criteria .
" We should be focusing on evidence - based , targeted and narrowly tailored investigations based on individualized suspicion , which would be both more consistent with our values and more effective than diverting resources to a system of mass suspicion , " said Michael German , national security policy counsel with the ACLU Washington Legislative Office and a former FBI agent .
" Overbroad policies such as racial profiling and invasive body scanning for all travelers not only violate our rights and values , they also waste valuable resources and divert attention from real threats . "
According to the ACLU , the government 's plan to subject citizens of certain countries to enhanced screenings is bad policy , because there is no way to predict the national origin of a terrorist and many terrorists have come from countries not on the list .
For instance , the " shoe bomber " Richard Reid is a British citizen , as were four of the London subway bombers , and in 2005 a Belgian woman launched a suicide attack in Iraq .
" Singling out travelers from a few specified countries for enhanced screening is essentially a pretext for racial profiling , which is ineffective , unconstitutional and violates American values .
Empirical studies of terrorists show there is no terrorist profile , and using a profile that does n't reflect this reality will only divert resources by having government agents target innocent people , " said German .
" Profiling can also be counterproductive by undermining community support for government counterterrorism efforts and creating an injustice that terrorists can exploit to justify further acts of terrorism . "
In addition to racial profiling , some have called for the across - the - board implementation of full body scanners , which present serious threats to personal privacy and are of unclear effectiveness .
According to a UK Independent report on Sunday , British officials have already tested the scanners and were not persuaded that they would be effective for stopping terrorist threats to planes .
And according to security experts , the explosive device used in the attempted attack on a Detroit - bound plane on Christmas Day would not have been detected by the body scanners .
" We should n't complacently surrender our rights for a false sense of security , and we should be very leery of being sold a device presented as a cure - all , especially when the evidence shows just the opposite , " added German .
" If scanners and other intrusive procedures are used , it should be with their limitations in mind and only when there is reason to believe that an individual poses an increased risk to flight safety , not as blanket measures applied to millions of innocent travelers . "
[ / caption ]
Are you ready for some excitement that wo n’t take an observatory telescope to spot ?
Then get out your binoculars , because according to CBET 2128 there ’s a new object showing its stuff off in the constellation Ophiuchus …
Released by A. Henden in AAVSO Special Notice # 187 : “ CBET 2128 indicates that Hideo Nishimura has discovered a new outbursting object in Ophiuchus .
This object has magnitude 8.4 on Jan 15.857UT , and is located at RA 17:39:40.94 DEC -21:39:47.9 J2000 .
No spectra have been reported , but K. Kadota has inspected the 1997 DSS red plate and finds no object at this position , with a limiting magnitude of 20 .
This object has now been added to VSX .
You may submit observations as N Oph 2010 , VSX J173940.9-213947 , or with AUID 000 - BJS - 899 .
Note that there is a 10.3 magnitude irregular variable a few arcmin west of this position , so do not use it as a comparison star . ”
Information on submitting observations to the AAVSO may be found at : http://www.aavso.org/observing/submit/.
However , even if you do n’t choose to submit an observation , it ’s rather rare that an object of this type can easily be observed with even the most modest of equipment .
Magnitude 8.4 is easily within reach of small binoculars , and given that most of the world is n’t having the best of luck with weather , you may be one of only a few who get to see it !
Use this map to get you in the general area … .
Once you have your position in the sky , use this more localized map to help you identify the nova .
This field spans approximately 12 degrees – or about the same size as an average binocular field .
I ’ve filtered the stars to match the magnitude , so look for any star that ’s as bright as – or brighter – than what you see within or very near to the red square area .
You ’ve discovered the nova !
( Hint : Look for obvious star patterns that are easy to see , like the group of stars that seems to resemble Orion ’s belt and sword just below the target area . )
It might take you several tries and several minutes to locate it , but what a reward when you do !
Enjoy your observations ….
A group of university professors is condemning the federal government 's decision to suspend Parliament , but the ruling Conservatives appear unmoved by the latest criticism .
Over 100 professors have signed a letter written by University of Montreal philosophy Prof.
Daniel Weinstock that accuses Prime Minister Stephen Harper of violating " the trust of the Canadian people [ and ] thus acting anti-democratically . "
The letter , to be sent to major newspapers in Eastern Canada , is the latest criticism of Harper 's decision to prorogue Parliament until March 3 .
The Liberal Party released two English - language ads and one French - language ad on the internet on Sunday describing the prorogation as Harper 's " holiday gift to himself . "
A group on the online social network Facebook called Canadians Against Proroguing Parliament also has over 150,000 members .
And an EKOS poll , released exclusively to CBC News last week , suggested 58 per cent of Canadians aware of the decision opposed the move , compared to 31 per cent who supported it .
Opposition to the decision was highest among Liberal and NDP supporters and those with a university education .
Weinstock told CBC
News that the structure of powers in Canada gives the prime minister more sway to make decisions than a U.S. president , requiring Harper to exercise discretion before using powers like prorogation .
" It really does require that the holder of the office exercise some self - restraint in the use of the powers that are vested in him , and that he use them for the public good rather than for narrowly partisan reasons or to evade accountability as we feel the prime minister has in this case , " he said .
Clement says ' elites ' making prorogation an issue
The Conservatives appear unfazed by the criticism , however , with Industry Minister Tony Clement saying Monday that ordinary Canadians do n't consider prorogation to be a big issue .
" I know it 's a big issue with the Ottawa media elite and some of the elites in our country , but I got to tell you if reaction in my constituency is any indication , I 've had maybe three dozen emails , " he said .
Clement said the government was focused on the economy and the next session of Parliament .
" It may not be what the chattering classes want , but we 're not here to govern on behalf of the chattering classes , " he said .
Opposition parties suggested Harper 's move to prorogue , or suspend , Parliament was an attempt to muzzle parliamentarians and avoid the controversy sparked by hearings into Canada 's role in Afghanistan — specifically , the treatment of detainees transferred to Afghan authorities by the Canadian Forces .
The Conservative government said it sought the suspension to have time to consult with Canadians , stakeholders and businesses as it moved into the " next phase " of its economic action plan amid signs of economic recovery .
Liberals plan return to work : Ignatieff
Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff continued his attack on the Conservatives on Monday for shutting down Parliament , saying it follows a pattern of shutting out criticism .
Ignatieff said all of his party 's MPs and senators plan to return to work in Ottawa on Jan. 25 , the date Parliament was set to resume before Harper prorogued it .
He said they 'll spend their time holding public policy forums and discussions .
" I have done this job for a while , and I have learned … I have a very clear message from Canadians : do your darn job .
Do what you were elected to do , " Ignatieff said .
Harper responded that if the Liberals can wait until Jan. 25 , they can't be that upset .
" The opposition now says they are going to be really mad about this when they get back from vacation , " he said .
It appears that the other opposition parties have no intention of joining the Liberals in holding hearings and discussions in Ottawa to protest the suspension of Parliament .
" We will not be doing what the Liberals are doing , " an NDP source told The Canadian Press .
While the Bloc Québécois will have a high - ranking MP present in Ottawa , the party has given no sign it will join in the Liberal hearings .
NDP Leader Jack Layton and BQ Leader Gilles Duceppe are expected to lay out their plans for the prorogation period this week .
" We 're formulating a thoughtful , reasonable response , " NDP spokesman Rick Boychuk said .
Jan. 14 , 2010  --
The earthquake in Haiti is a tragedy of such gargantuan proportion that it 's natural for the faithful to wonder how -- or why -- any god could allow it .
Enter the Rev. Pat Robertson , who always seems to have a ready answer for the unanswerable .
" You know ... something happened a long time ago in Haiti . …
They got together and swore a pact to the Devil , " Robertson said on the Christian Broadcasting Network 's " 700 Club " Wednesday .
" They said , ' We will serve you if you get us free from the French . '
True story . "
That 's right : Robertson seems to suggest the Haitians brought the earthquake on themselves , in a deal with Satan .
" And so , the Devil said , ' OK , it 's a deal . '
And they kicked the French out , " he went on .
" You know , the Haitians revolted and got themselves free .
But ever since , they have been cursed by one thing after another . "
Robertson 's words instantly triggered a firestorm across the country , including a rebuke from White House press secretary Robert Gibbs , who told reporters " at times of great crisis there are always people who say really stupid things . "
Earlier today , senior White House adviser Valerie Jarrett said on " Good Morning America " that she is " speechless about that kind of remark . "
" Our heart goes out to the people of Haiti . …
That 's not the attitude that expresses the spirit of the president or the American people , so I thought it was a pretty stunning comment to make , " Jarrett said .
In a statement on its Web site , the Christian Broadcasting Network said Robertson was speaking objectively about Haiti 's history that has led " countless scholars and religious figures over the centuries to believe the country is cursed .
" Dr. Robertson never stated that the earthquake was God 's wrath , " the statement reads .
" If you watch the entire video segment , Dr. Robertson 's compassion for the people of Haiti is clear . "
Robertson is actively involved in helping launch and finance relief efforts to help the Haitian people and called on viewers to donate money to the cause on Wednesday 's show , according to the network .
Still , some members of the Christian community said they were stunned by Roberston 's words , which they suggested may be un-Christian .
Dr. Robert Jeffress of the First Baptist Church of Dallas said , " It is absolute arrogance to try to interpret any of God 's actions as a judgment against this person or that person . …
Our duty as Christians is to try to help these people pray for these people and to help them . "
Franklin Graham , the evangelist son of Billy Graham and president of the Christian relief organization Samaritan 's Purse , said he also disagrees with Robertson 's assessment .
Graham 's group is working in Haiti to provide humanitarian relief and , Graham said , he plans to go to the country in the coming days .
" He must have misspoken , " Graham said of Robertson .
" But we need to get on the path of helping people right now .
God loves the people of Haiti .
He has n't turned his back on Haiti . "
But a vengeful God has long been Robertson 's weapon of choice .
After Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon suffered a debilitating stroke in 2006 , for instance , Robertson said it was God 's retribution for Israel ceding land to the Palestinians .
" I am sad to see him in this condition , " Robertson then said , " but the prophet Joel makes it very clear that god has enmity against those who ' divide my land . ' "
Robertson and the late Christian conservative televangelist Jerry Falwell created a stir in 2007 when they said the 9/11 attacks were God 's punishment for loose U.S. morals .
People " who have tried to secularize America , I point the finger in their face and say , ' You helped this happen , ' " Falwell said on the " 700 Club , " which is the Christian network 's flagship news talk show .
" Well , I totally concur , " Robertson said in response .
And the cause of Hurricane Katrina 's devastation in 2005 ?
God 's anger over abortion , Robertson said in the aftermath .
" We have killed over 40 million unborn babies in America . …
Some of the attacks that are coming against us either by terrorists or now by natural disaster , could they be connected in some way ? " he said .
Robertson Cites French Legend for Haitian ' Curse '
Robertson elaborated Wednesday on his explanation for the tragedy in Haiti , saying that the devastation is the latest in a line of curses to hit the island people .
He also cited the relative success of the Dominican Republic , as a contrast .
" That island of Hispaniola is one island , " he said on the " 700 Club . "
It 's cut down the middle .
On the one side is Haiti , on the other side is the Dominican Republican .
Dominican Republic is prosperous , healthy , full of resorts , etc. Haiti is in desperate poverty .
Same island . "
Robertson advised people to pray for Haitians to have " a great turning to God . "
" Out of this tragedy , I 'm optimistic something good may come .
But right now we 're helping the suffering people and the suffering is unimaginable , " Robertson said .
Robertson's tale stems from a legend that Jean Jacques Dessalines , who led the Haitian revolution against the French Army , entered into a pact with Satan disguised as a Voodoo deity in exchange for a military victory , which finally happened in 1803 .
One minister of a Haitian - American church , who does not believe this legend , recently wrote about the frequent references in Haiti " to a spiritual pact that the fathers of the nation supposedly made with the Devil to help them win their freedom from France .
" As a result of that satanic alliance , as they put it , God has placed a curse on the country sometime around its birth , " he said , " and that divine burden has made it virtually impossible for the vast majority of Haitians to live in peace and prosperity in their land . …
The satanic pact reputedly took place at Bois - Caïman near Cap - Haitien Aug. 14 , 1791 , during a meeting organized by several slave leaders , under [ Dutty ]
Boukman 's leadership , before launching what would become Haiti's Independence War . "
Attributing natural disasters to divine intention is nothing new .
In an ABC News poll conducted after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , 23 percent of Americans said they believed hurricanes were " a deliberate act of God . "
Of those , half called the storms " a warning , " about a quarter called them a test or punishment and the rest said they occur for reasons impossible to understand .
ABC News ' Jake Tapper , Gary Langer and Kristina Wong contributed to this story .
The owner of Sky News Australia has accused the ABC of trying to block competition for the Federal Government 's TV contracts with its multi-million - dollar push for international expansion .
ABC managing director Mark Scott has laid out a vision for the broadcaster 's international future that includes opening five more bureaus in the Asia - Pacific region and launching services across Africa , Latin America and the Middle East .
Mr Scott also wants to merge the ABC 's international TV and radio services , Australia Network and Radio Australia .
The Australian News Channel , which owns Sky News , says the Foreign Affairs Department 's contract for the Australia Network will be locked up if the service is combined with the ABC - owned Radio Australia .
" Mr Scott is trying to absorb Australia Network into the ABC to permanently block any alternative service model , " the company 's chief executive Angelos Frangopoulos said in a statement .
" In doing so , he is suggesting the ABC can be both a policy arm of government and stay true to its charter to be independent of government .
He can't have it both ways .
" If Mr Scott is intent on merging Australia Network and Radio Australia , he raises the question as to whether the provision of Radio Australia should also be subject to open tender . "
The contract for the Australia Network will be up for renewal in 18 months .
The Australian News Channel believes Mr Scott is pushing the department to roll the contract over rather than call for tenders .
Global plans
Mr Scott 's expansion plan would see the ABC eventually providing content in Arabic to the Middle East .
The proposal would require a large funding boost .
Mr Scott says other G20 countries are spending 10 times what Australia is on international broadcasting .
He says even some increase in funding would allow the ABC's Asia - Pacific services to reach millions of new homes in the region .
But Mr Frangopoulos says Mr Scott has an outdated attitude that only a public broadcaster can provide services that are in the public interest .
" Sky News in cooperation with Foxtel and Austar has already demonstrated with our provision of Australia 's public affairs channel , A - PAC , on a not - for - profit basis that the old models for public interest broadcasting can be improved , " he said .
The Australian News Channel has indicated it would compete for the Australia Network in an open tender process .
It says it would fulfil the diplomacy needs of the Foreign Affairs Department if it was awarded the contract .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Former British prime minister Tony Blair said on Friday he had no regrets about the 2003 U.S. - led invasion of Iraq , saying Saddam Hussein was a threat to the world who had to be disarmed or removed .
Blair said the September 11 al Qaeda attacks on the United States meant rogue states had to be dealt with to prevent weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) falling into the wrong hands , risking even greater carnage .
Facing the first official public grilling on why he sent 45,000 British troops to war in Iraq , he repeatedly said he was concerned that such a risk remained today , referring to fears over Iran ’s disputed nuclear program .
“ Responsibility , but not a regret for removing Saddam Hussein , ” he said , when asked if he had misgivings about taking military action .
He said a majority of Iraqis would say they were better off now than under the former dictator .
The decision to go to war was the most controversial episode of Blair ’s 10 - year premiership , provoking huge protests , divisions within his Labour Party and accusations he had deceived the public about the reasons for invasion .
“ In the end it was divisive .
And I ’m sorry about that , ” he said .
“ But if I ’m asked if I believe we are safer , more secure , that Iraq is better , that our own security is better with Saddam and his two sons out of power and out of office , then I believe indeed we are . ”
JUDGMENT CALL
During six hours of intense questioning , Blair , 56 , was unrepentant over the stand he took with then U.S. President George W. Bush , batting away queries about the legality of war or whether he had misled the public over the reasons for it .
“ This is n’t about a lie , or a conspiracy , or a deceit , or a deception , this is a decision , ” said Blair , who initially looked nervous but grew more assured as the hearing went on .
The inquiry is seeking to learn the lessons from the conflict and does not have the power to punish individuals .
Saddam ’s history of using WMD and his refusal to cooperate with U.N. inspectors meant he posed a threat that could not be ignored , Blair said .
No evidence has emerged to link Iraq with the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the United States , but Blair said they had changed the “ calculus of risk . ”
“ I believed ... we were right not to run that risk , ” said Blair , adding he was convinced Saddam was intent on restarting his WMD program and had retained the intellectual know - how to do so , even though no such weapons have ever been found .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
The Iraq war sapped support for Blair and his Labour Party and the issue provokes deep public anger almost three years after Blair handed over to Gordon Brown .
Brown will appear in late February or early March and commentators say the inquiry could damage Labour before an election due by June , with the party trailing in opinion polls after 13 years in power .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
EXAGGERATED INTELLIGENCE ?
Critics have long argued that Blair promised Bush in April 2002 that Britain would support military action to get rid of Saddam , and then exaggerated intelligence about WMD .
“ The only commitment I gave , and gave openly , was a commitment to deal with Saddam , ” he said .
“ If we tried the U.N. route and that failed , my view was it had to be dealt with . ”
Blair defended the war ’s legality , relying on the green light the government ’s top lawyer gave only days before the conflict , and said a second U.N. resolution had only been desirable from a political , not legal perspective .
But he admitted post - war planning had been flawed .
“ The planning assumption that ... everybody made was that there would be a functioning civil service .
Contrary to what we thought ... we found a completely broken system , ” he said .
“ People did not think that al Qaeda and Iran would play the role that they did .
It was the introduction of the external elements of AQ and Iran that really caused this mission very nearly to fail .
Fortunately in the end it did n’t . ”
Protesters , including relatives of some of the 179 British soldiers killed in Iraq , demonstrated outside the inquiry venue opposite parliament , accusing Blair of being a war criminal .
“ He ’s a consummate politician and he spoke as a politician , ” said Roger Bacon , whose son Major Matthew Bacon was killed in Basra in 2005 .
“ When we do find ourselves in a situation where we have to go into conflict again , we are better prepared for it so I do n’t think it ’ll be a whitewash . ”
See anything familiar in there ?
Okay , it can be hard to spot on Youtube , but Twitter has been buzzing about the fine print on Verizon ’s latest run at the iPhone : “ DROID is a trademark of Lucasfilm Ltd. and its related companies .
Used under license . ”
Lucasfilm is n’t exactly a stranger to cell phone companies , but I would n’t expect much involvement besides what we see here …
At least not yet .
Heartbreaker takes you on a twitpic journey as she gets her love below pierced .
For those like myself who do n’t watch VH1s For The Love Of Ray Heatbreaker is on the current season 2 and the picture below is from the show .
New initiative will decrease the country ’s reliance on oil for its electrical needs .
Saudi Arabia ’s national science agency announced a new initiative to build solar - powered desalination plants to reduce water and energy costs by 40 percent , Arab News reports .
“ Desalination is our strategic choice to supply an adequate amount of drinking water to people across the Kingdom , ” said Finance Minister Ibrahim Al - Assaf at the launch ceremony .
Different sources estimate that between 50 to 70 percent of the country ’s drinking water is desalinated , a process that requires a lot of energy .
Saudi Arabia uses 1.5 million barrels of oil per day at its plants , according to Arab News .
But the solar - powered plants will help keep costs down .
Prices for desalinated water have been trending upward in Saudi Arabia in recent years , said the Saudi Minister of Water and Electricity , Emirates Business reported .
“ There has been no breakthrough in the cost of desalination .
The gradual reduction in cost due to improvement in technology has been mostly offset by increased material and labor cost , ” said Minister Abdullah Al Hussayen at the International Desalination Association conference in November 2009 .
Saudi political leaders hope research from the initiative will position the country as a major producer of renewable energy .
“ Saudi Arabia aspires to export as much solar energy in the future as it exports oil now , ” said Petroleum and Mineral Resources Minister Ali Al - Naimi .
Research and development will be carried out by King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology – - the national science agency– - and the King Abdullah University for Science and Technology .
The initiative will be carried out in several stages , and the first plant will be a small , 30,000 cubic meter per day facility in Al - Khafji .
In comparison , the Shoaiba 3 project on Saudi Arabia ’s west coast is the world ’s largest plant , producing 880,000 m3/d .
During the initiative ’s second phase , a 100,000 m3 /d plant will be built .
Eventually a network of plants across the country .
Source : Arab News , Emirates Business
Read more about global desalination trends in Circle of Blue ’s report Drinking from the Sea
From the producers of Lost and Alias and the screenwriter of City of Angels and For Love of the Game comes a contemporary , heartwarming ensemble show about a group of supportive friends in ...
See full summary »
Reaching and staying in the middle class is an attainable goal – but one that ’s getting harder to hit , according to a new report from the Commerce Department .
Compared with two decades ago , families on the middle rung are dealing with ever - increasing costs , said researchers from the Economics and Statistics Administration who compiled data for Vice President Joe Biden ’s Middle Class Task Force .
“ The American dream is attainable , but if we do n’t attack the big problems today , whether it ’s health insurance , education , childcare or housing , it will be harder for more and more American families to reach the middle class , ” said Commerce Secretary Gary Locke in a statement .
After rising in the 1990s , family incomes fell the next decade as expenses related to housing , education and healthcare rose much faster than the overall inflation rate .
Housing prices jumped 56 % since 1990 , even accounting for inflation , while tuition for a four - year public college soared 60 % and healthcare insurance premiums and out - of - pocket costs skyrocketed 155 % .
The report noted that middle - class families are defined only in part by their incomes .
Instead , money is a single element in a mix that includes values , expectations and aspirations .
Most families in the category seek economic stability , including a home , a car for each adult , medical care , college savings funds for their children and retirement and the occasional family vacation .
-- Tiffany Hsu
Christmas is getting closer and closer and if you happen to be still looking for the perfect gift for this sleep - addicted iPhone loving ( boy / girl / just ) friend of yours than go no further .
Etsy , a marketplace for crafters to sell their wares were you can already find many mac themed pillows feature now new iPhone ones , just in time for the holidays .
These handmade beauties come at about $ 15 a piece , which makes them a very nice Christmas gift under $ 20 in my opinion .
You can even have them customized .
Makes me think how unfortunate it is that nobody I know actually reads me .
[ Thanks to Carolyn for the correction about Etsy ]
[ Update , apparently they are already all sold out , thanks to Rich for the tip ]
[ via Etsy ]
January 27 , 2010
Satellite IP Hub Market Dominated by iDirect : Report
By Raju Shanbhag , TMCnet Contributor
A new report by COMSYS has found that the market for satellite IP hubs is dominated by VT iDirect .
The company ’s VSAT systems , “ One - Box , ” which includes a satellite modem , IP router , TCP optimization , QoS and 3DES Link Encryption and “ Centralized Management ” which includes software upgrades and configuration changes , provide the highest TCP / IP throughputs in the industry along with fast frequency hopping and rapid bandwidth allocation .
According to the report , VT iDirect ( News - Alert ) sold nearly half of all hubs shipped in 2008 and remains the world 's second largest VSAT systems manufacturer by TDMA hardware revenue .
The company ’s VSAT systems , “ One - Box , ” which includes a satellite modem , IP router , TCP optimization , QoS and 3DES Link Encryption and “ Centralized Management ” which includes software upgrades and configuration changes , provide the highest TCP / IP throughputs in the industry along with fast frequency hopping and rapid bandwidth allocation .
The COMSYS report states that iDirect 's cost - effective and innovative hub solutions coupled with high levels of functionality and ease of use has made it almost a de facto standard within many of the most valuable vertical markets .
As U.S. and foreign military organizations are rapidly deploying iDirect technology to improve their core operations , iDirect 's market share has grown among these companies .
The report also focuses on the introduction of iDirect 's next - generation DVB - S2 / ACM platform , Evolution which , according to COMSYS more than 10,000 Evolution remotes had been shipped by mid-2009 .
“ With each consecutive report , iDirect has increased its market share and strengthened its positions in key industry growth segments .
It 's very gratifying to see our hard work , innovation and customer support drive iDirect to become the second largest market share leader in hardware revenue , said David Bettinger , chief technology officer and senior vice president of Engineering , iDirect .
The company also recently announced that Orange Business Services ( News - Alert ) has expanded its satellite network to include a DVB - S2 broadband service based on iDirect 's Evolution platform .
Carolyn John is a Contributor to TMCnet .
To read more of her articles , please columnist page .
Edited by Stefania Viscusi
The Department of Defense has identified 779 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans on Wednesday :
BENJAMIN , Adam F. , 34 , Gunnery Sgt. , Marines ; Garfield , Ohio ; Second Marine Expeditionary Force .
DAMAS , Leopold F. , 26 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; Floral Park , N.Y. ; Second Marine Expeditionary Force .
WOODS , William B. Jr. , 31 , Sgt. First Class , Army ; Chesapeake , Va. ; 20th Special Forces Group ( Airborne ) .
goddamn the lakers suck ...
MIAMI HEAT
Reply
Thread
Link
Awwwwww yeah .
D - Wade , all the way .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Big up D - Wade !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
i saw my first heat game a few weeks ago !
beasley is a BEAST
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LOL
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I dunno but I kinda expected Raven to pop out with her segway
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ikr
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Awwww I 've never seen this photo before
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
hah
as a lakers fan i say thank you , this post was a +
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I warned him .
Reply
Thread
Link
do n't say that :/ you killed my buzz .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
OMFG I LOVE YOUR ICON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Please tell me that top pic is his daughter ?
Reply
Thread
Link
If you mean the blonde then yeah , it looks like her
Edited at 2010 - 01 - 15 02:35 am ( UTC )
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Yes
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
bitch is cute
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
She 's gorgeous , looks like a blonde Lily Cole .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i hurt from laughing so much omg
Reply
Thread
Link
LMAO
Reply
Thread
Link
love it
Reply
Thread
Link
Oh my god .
This is AMAZING .
Thannnk you .
Reply
Thread
Link
people passionate going crazy over watching sports .
dont get it .
Reply
Thread
Link
SPORTS ARE LIKE WAR AND IF YOUR TEAM DOESN'T WIN EVERYBODY LOSES
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
your icon is phenomenal
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
oh god lols
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lmao
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
It scares me and mostly makes me laugh .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
mte .
My best friend 's family are so fucking hardcore crazy when it comes to their favorite teams and sports .
It scares me D :
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I 'm from Buffalo , NY and a lot of the time - it 's the only thing keeping our city going .
I mean , we 've got winter practically 9 months out of the year and we 've suffered so much heartbreak ( going from a prosperous city in the steel belt to a failing industrial town in the rust belt , not to mention the sports related heartbreak WIDE RIGHT , NO GOAL )
When our teams are winning ?
You can feel a palpable difference in the city atmosphere and how people feel .
It 's hard not to want to be a part of that excitement and electricity .
It 's a way to stay connected to my hometown and it's something that I love being a part of ...
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
I did n't either but then I found English Football and fell in love with Chelsea and now all 5 ' 1 " of short little me will argue and damn near fist fight with grown ass men of opposing teams .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
it 's really hard to explain , but once you pick a team and you stick to it , asdflkj , things get intense .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I feel bad for you .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
It 's not that different from people being passionate about , idk , any other hobby .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Around here it 's often a replacement for religious fervor . ;)
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Something deep in my heart tells me you have no desire to get it and just want to show us how cultured and above all this you are , but
I was born in Chicago into a family of insane Cubs , Blackhawks and Bears fans , who gathered together to watch games , celebrate wins , whatever .
When I was seven , my family was transfered to Rochester New York , but my dad and I still had the Cubs and the Bears and the Blackhawks to make it feel like we were at home .
It was a way for me to get close and spend hours of the day with my dad , cheering and screaming and commiserating .
He still calls me from New York to ask about the teams because he lives four states away .
It 's fun to be in a stadium of forty thousand people all holding their breath , waiting to see if they make a fourth and goal , or to watch a rookie pitcher break a strike out record .
You never know what 's going to happen .
Anyway , I love my sports , I love my Bears and my Cubs and Blackhawks .
I 've had some of the greatest memories of my life at Soldier Field , Wrigley Field , the United Center , with friends and family and strangers .
It 's not all I have in my life , but it 's a fun part of it , that 's for sure .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
This is glorious .
Reply
Thread
Link
I agree although the ontd in me wanted a Kermit comparison to Jack reactions .
The thought of a triad of a Bale Kermit Nicholson comparison is making my brain hurt .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
You are me .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
this is the best fucking post ever
lmao @ 6
Reply
Thread
Link
This is amazing .
I 'm LOL'ing .
Reply
Thread
Link
# 2 is the best .
Reply
Thread
Link
LOL
Reply
Thread
Link
This game is one of the latest offerings from Celestial Digital Entertainment Limited .
This game is quite different from the previous CDE Games .
The game features
Tom who is a victim of a spoilt car parked just beside a graveyard .
He have to find his way in the middle of the graveyard back to his home .
Can you help him ?
The mazes in this game cannot help but remind me of a similar game called Darkest Fear .
But Darkest Fear focuses on mystery and things to find in the game .
Escape from Zombies focuses on plain survival .
You have to watch your step in guiding Tom on his way to the exit door .
Basic survival items he has on hand is a map and an oil lamp .
The fuel in the oil lamp will run out so you have to top - up the oil or your oil lamp will be extinguished .
The map that Tom has on his hand is being picked up from some place in the graveyard .
Basically , once you step on the wrong squares , you will be attacked by the zombie that is buried under the square .
There are a few warning signs that Tom is standing on top of a buried zombie .
First of all , you have to watch out for the sound of the heartbeat and the oil lamp flashes .
The heartbeat sound will increase and the frequency of the oil lamp flashes will rise if you are near a zombie .
The other indicator is the numeric counter at the bottom left hand corner of the game screen with a multiplier sign .
This indicator will change when Tom steps on more zombies .
Depending on the move you guide
Tom , this multiplier can increase or decrease Make the wrong moves and Tom dies !
The other notable features of this game are the presence of online statistics and the music shuffle options .
You can submit your best timings for each level online to see how well you fare against the other online players .
You also can turn off the game ’s sounds when you are listening to your iPod ’s music .
You can even turn on shuffle so that the music will be shuffling when you listen .
It is certainly a great game with 50 beautiful crafted levels for the casual gamer on the bus or on the way to work .
I got ripped by the zombies for a couple of times so I need to get back to my game now .
To see other CDE game titles , check out this link .
You can also click this same link to see whether Escape from Zombies is out on iTunes !
On Tuesday , January 12 , members of the California Assembly will hold a historic vote on statewide marijuana policy .
Members of the Public Safety Committee will decide on Assembly Bill 390 , the Marijuana Control , Regulation , and Education Act , which seeks to regulate and control the production , distribution , and personal use of marijuana for adults age 21 and older .
[ UPDATE from Russ Belville : NORML Deputy Director Paul Armentano and MPP ’s California director Aaron Smith join me this afternoon ’s NORML SHOW LIVE , airing at 1 pm Pacific / 4 pm Eastern , to discuss this historic vote in California .
Call in with your questions to 347-994-1810 ]
Tuesday ’s vote will mark the first time since 1913 , when California became one of the first states in the nation to enact cannabis prohibition , that lawmakers have reassessed this failed policy .
If a majority of the Public Safety Committee votes ‘ yes ’ on AB 390 , the bill will immediately face a separate vote in the California State Assembly Committee on Health .
( I have been tentatively invited to testify before this committee ; you can read my prepared testimony here . )
In short , members of both committees will likely be voting on this historic measure next week .
That is why we need your support in contacting the members of these legislative committees today !
To date , over 8,000 of you have contacted your California Assemblymembers via NORML ’s Capwiz ‘ Take Action ’ Center .
This is a tremendous outpouring of public support , but we need to ramp up our advocacy before next week ’s vote .
If you reside in California please click here to find a list of Assembly members who sit on the key committees overseeing AB 390 .
Constituents in their districts are urged to phone or fax support their for AB 390 today .
Lawmakers ’ district phone numbers , fax numbers , and e-mail contact information appears here .
If your member of the Assembly does not appear on this list , please take a moment this week to call and leave a polite , concise phone message voicing your support for AB 390 with the Assembly Committees of Public Safety and Health .
You can find the direct line for these committees , as well as for their Chair and Vice - Chairs , here and here .
Finally , Californians can also send a letter of support directly to their individual member of the Assembly by using NORML ’s pre-written letter service here .
Let ’s begin 2010 by letting California ’s politicians know that the time to end the state ’s nearly 100 - year failed experiment with marijuana prohibition is now !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Sept. 09 Belleville police are investigating the alleged beating of a 17 - year - old boy on a school bus .
Police received a complaint of a battery that happened on a bus on the way to Belleville West High School .
Police said the white male student was beaten by two black male students .
Video of the beating was captured on the bus video camera .
Investigators said that the victim was attempting to find a seat on the bus and was told by two students he could not sit down next to them .
When he did sit down , one suspect attempted to push him out of his seat then began punching him in the face and choking him .
Police said the victim again sat down in his seat and after a few minutes of another student taunting him verbally , the second suspect walked over to the victim and began striking him in the face .
One of the alleged attackers is 14 and the other 15 .
" It 's just a sad , sad state I mean what are our kids learning that they behave like this , " said Belleville Police Captain Donald Sax .
Belleville police believe the fight may have been racially motivated .
" We certainly believe by looking at the video that race had some factor in it .. yes , " said Sax .
Belleville West's Superintendent said that any student found to be involved will be punished to the greatest extent possible by the district .
School officials are looking into how much of the attack the bus driver witnessed .
Both of the suspects are juveniles and will be petitioned through the court for battery charges on Tuesday .
A girl waits for medical attention in front of a damage hospital in Carrefour , outskirts of Port- au - Prince , Friday , Jan. 15 , 2010
LA County Fire Urban Search and Rescue Task Force 2 prepares for possible deployment to Haiti at the California Task Force 2 warehouse in the Pacoima section of Los Angeles , on Tuesday Jan. 12 , 2010
This image released by the US Geological Survey shows a shake map of the Haiti Region processed Tuesday , Jan. 12 , 2010
Damage to the Hotel Villa Creole in Port - au - Prince , Haiti is shown on Tuesday Jan. 12 , 2010
This May 20 , 2004 provided by the Canadian Department of National Defence shows the Presidential Palace in Port au Prince , Haiti
Anthony Guarino , a seismic analyst at the Caltech Seismological Laboratory , shows the 7.0 earthquake peak from the Haiti earthquake at the laboratory in Pasadena , Calif . on Tuesday , Jan. 12 , 2010
A damaged building is seen after an earthquake in Port-au - Prince , Haiti , Tuesday , Jan. 12 , 2010
In this photo taken from the Web site twitter.com , people gather in the streets in Port - au - Prince on Tuesday , Jan. 12 , 2010 after the largest earthquake ever recorded in Haiti
Injured people are tended to at Hotel Villa Creole in Port - au - Prince , Haiti on Tuesday Jan. 12 , 2010
A victim of the massive earthquake in Haiti on a street in Port-au - Prince
Two year old Redjeson Hausteen Claude reacts to his mother Daphnee Plaisin after he is rescued
An arm pokes up in the sea of bodies outside the morgue in Port-au - Prince
A cross stands intact in front of a church that collapsed during Tuesday 's earthquake at the Canape Vert neighborhood
People line up for gas at a gas station in the aftermath of the Tuesday 's earthquake in Port- au - Prince , Friday , Jan. 13 , 2010 .
People ride with a coffin on top of a car as they arrive at the morgue in the aftermath of Tuesday 's earthquake in Port- au - Prince , Friday , Jan. 15 , 2010 .
( AP Photo / Gerald Herbert )
Magician David Blaine , left , performs a card trick for Michael Sharpe , of Manhattan , Friday , Jan. 15 , 2010 , in New York .
Blaine is performing a 72 - hour magic marathon in Times Square to raise money for Haiti earthquake victims .
( AP Photo / Mary Altaffer )
US citizen Carla Shown is carried by French firefighters after being rescued from the rubble of the collapsed Montana Hotel in Port- au - Prince , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010 .
( AP Photo / Ramon Espinosa )
A man sits by an injured woman waiting for treatment at a makeshift clinic run by missionaries at a school in Port- au - Prince , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010 .
An boy injured by an earthquake has stitches sewn into his head at a makeshift clinic run by missionaries at a school in Port- au - Prince
A woman is treated for her wounds on the grounds of the Canape - Vert Hospital in Port-au - Prince , Haiti , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010 .
A woman looks for a loved one among the bodies on the ground outside the morgue in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010
A funeral home has tagged the body of one of the huge amount lying outside the morgue in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010 .
A woman 's name is tagged on her arm to identify her body outside the morgue in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010
The hand from the body of an earthquake victim hangs from a pick - up truck loaded with bodies waiting to be unloaded at a cemetery in Port - au - Prince , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010
Aerial photo provided by The American Red Cross shows survivors gathered around bodies in Haiti 's capital Port - au - Prince during a joint Red Cross Red Crescent / ECHO ( European Community Humanitarian Organization ) aerial assessment mission following Tuesday 's devestating earthquake .
Roselyn Joseph mourns over the body of her daughter , Emanuela Aminise , 14 , in Port-au - Prince , Haiti , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010 .
Earthquake survivors gather in a shelter set up in the central public garden of Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010
In this photo release by China 's Xinhua News Agency , a doctor of the Chinese emergency rescue team , left , treats an injured child
In this photo released by China 's Xinhua News Agency , members of a Chinese emergency rescue team inspect the collapsed headquarters of the U.N. Stabilization Mission in Port-au - Prince , Haiti , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010 .
Desperately needed aid from around the world slowly made its way Thursday into the capital after Tuesday 's magnitude - 7.0 earthquake .
A body is buried in the rubble of a hotel in the aftermath of an earthquake in Port- au - Prince , Haiti Friday , Jan. 15 , 2010
An injured child waits for medical attention in front of a damaged hospital in Carrefour , in the outskirts of Port - au - Prince
Scavengers look for goods amid the rubble of collapsed buildings in Port- au - Prince , Friday , Jan. 15 , 2010
People fight over goods scavenged from the rubble of buildings collapsed during Tuesday 's earthquake in Port-au - Princeac
A group of women react in disbelief as the body of the daughter of a woman , at center , is missing after the earthquake , in Port- au - Prince
A man looks through the collapsed rubble of St. Gerard Church and School in Port-au - Prince , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010
An injured earthquake survivor receives treatment at a medical clinic set up at MINUSTAH 's logistics base in Port- au - Prince , Haiti
A woman lifts a cloth to see the face of an earthquake victim lying in the street in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010
In this Wednesday , Jan. 13 , 2010 photo released by the Philippine Mission to the United Nations , police officers from the Philippines and China search for colleagues who may be trapped in the rubble of the United Nations Police Headquarters in Port- au - Prince
People carry a coffin containing the remains of an earthquake victim to a home for burial in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Tuesday , Jan. 14 , 2010
In this photo released by the United Nations , buildings affected by an earthquake lay in ruins in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Wednesday , Jan. 13 , 2010 .
A man looks for a body among hundreds of earthquake victims at the morgue in Port- au - Prince , Thursday , Jan. 14 , 2010 .
Bodies of earthquake victims lie in an open mass grave in Sous Pianet , just south of Port- au - Prince
People look for survivors in the wreckage of the collapsed Catherine Flon school in Carrefour , outskirts of Port- au - Prince , Friday , Jan. 15 , 2010 .
A rescue worker from Luxemburg rest with his search dog at the tarmac of the airport in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Friday , Jan. 15 , 2010 .
Search - and - rescue , medical and other specialists from different countries continue to arrive in Haiti after the powerful earthquake that hit the country on Tuesday
A woman pleads with surgeon Dr. Augustine outside at a state - run hospital , to bandage up her daughter 's legs as Augustine makes rounds to determine injuries and necessary treatment in Port au Prince , Friday , Jan. 15 , 2010 .
A woman prays during Mass held outside of the city 's main Cathedral in Port-au - Prince , Sunday , Jan. 17 , 2010
In this photo released by China 's Xinhua News Agency , looters fight for a bag of materials in Haitian capital Port - au - Prince on Saturday , Jan. 16 , 2010 .
Youths collect empty boxes after a food distribution by the UN near Cite Soleil in Port- au - Prince , Saturday , Jan. 16 , 2010 .
Earthquake survivors line up for food distributed by the UN near Cite Soleil in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Saturday , Jan. 16 , 2010 .
People ride with a coffin on top of a car as they arrive at the morgue in the aftermath of Tuesday 's earthquake in Port- au - Prince , Friday , Jan. 15 , 2010 .
A United Nations worker , who was just rescued from the collapsed United Nations headquarters building , responds to questions from medical personnel as he is carried to a temporary clinic in Port- au - Prince , Sunday , Jan. 17 , 2010 .
A girl smiles at Park Boyer , which has been turned into a temporary camp for people whose homes have been destroyed , in the Petionville neighborhood of Port - au - Prince on Saturday , Jan. 16 , 2010 .
( AP Photo / Michael Laughlin , Sun-Sentinel )
In this Saturday , Jan. 16 , 2010 photo released by the U.S. Navy , Naval Air Crewman 2nd Class Jason Harold , of Goldsboro , N.C. , transfers a young Haitian earthquake victim from a Seahawk helicopter during a medical evacuation in Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
People , one holding up a knife , fight for goods taken from collapsed stores in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Sunday , Jan. 17 , 2010 .
In this photo provided by MINUSTAH , Bolivian UN peacekeepers distribute water and meals to the residents in Cite Soleil
A woman run with stolen items from a collapsed store as a Haitian police officer looks on in Port- au - Prince , Sunday , Jan. 17 , 2010 .
Some of the earthquake - devastated areas of Port - au - Prince , Haiti are seen in an aerial photo , Sunday Jan. 17 , 2010 .
Survivors of Tuesday 's earthquake extend their arms as U.S. troops with the 82nd Airborne Division distribute water in Port- au - Prince , Sunday , Jan. 17 , 2010 .
In this Saturday , Jan. 16 , 2010 photo released by the U.S. Navy , people crowd on to a boat during an evacuation in Port- au - Prince , Haiti
In this photo provided by the U.N. , United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki Moon speaks with displaced Haitians during his trip to Port au Prince , Haiti on Sunday Jan. 17 , 2010 .
An injured girl is feed by a hospital volunteer at the general hospital in Port- au - Prince , Saturday , Jan. 16 , 2010 .
Elliane Garcon cries as she watches the body of her husband , Rene Morancy , being dumped from a front loader into a truck as crews remove bodies from the streets in the aftermath of Tuesday 's earthquake in Port-au - Prince
In this Jan. 17 , 2010 photo released by the U.S. Air Force , U.S. citizens wait to be evacuated from Toussaint Louverture International Airport in Port - au - Prince , Haiti after a major earthquake devastated the area on Jan. 12 .
A woman sweeps debris out of the street in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
On the streets , people are still dying , pregnant women are giving birth and the injured are showing up in wheelbarrows and on people 's backs at hurriedly erected field hospitals .
( AP Photo / Gerald Herbert )
People take goods from buildings collapsed during last week 's earthquake in the market area of Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
( AP Photo / Gerald Herbert )
One year old Misa Gureline Bestige reacts as she wakes up from sleeping on the street with her family and other displaced people in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Survivors live outside for fear of unstable buildings and aftershocks after Tuesday 's earthquake .
( AP Photo / Gerald Herbert )
Displaced Haitians whose homes were either destroyed or too unsafe to return to , wake up on the street in the aftermath of Tuesday 's earthquake in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Survivors live outside for fear of unstable buildings and aftershocks .
( AP Photo / Gerald Herbert )
In this Jan. 17 , 2010 photo released by the U.S. Air Force , an aerial view of Port - au - Prince , Haiti is shown after a major earthquake devastated the area on Jan. 12 .
( AP Photo / U.S. Air Force , Master Sgt. Jeremy Lock )
In a Jan. 17 , 2010 photo provided by the American Red Cross , American Red Cross volunteer Renette Danger examines Kemsia Louis at a Red Cross medical center in Croix de Priez , Haiti .
( AP Photo / American Red Cross , Talia Frenkel )
People take goods from collapsed stores in the market area in Port- au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Violence and looting broke up in Port - au - Prince as earthquake survivors scavenged for anything they could find in the ruins .
( AP Photo / Gerald Herbert )
In this Jan. 17 , 2010 photo released by the U.S. Navy , an air crewman drops humanitarian aid in support of earthquake relief efforts in Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
( AP Photo / U.S. Navy , Justin Stumberg )
In this Jan. 17 , 2010 photo released by the U.S. Navy , members of the Los Angeles County Fire Department Search and Rescue Team rescue a Haitian woman from a collapsed building in downtown Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
( AP Photo / U.S. Navy , Justin Stumberg )
In a Jan. 17 , 2010 photo provided by the American Red Cross , Haitian Red Cross volunteer Miname Glaude holds Michel Laurent , 15 mos. old , at a Red Cross medical center in Croix de Priez , Haiti .
( AP Photo / American Red Cross , Talia Frenkel )
People run with goods taken from stores that collapsed during last week 's earthquake in the market area of Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Looting spread to more parts of downtown as hundreds of people clambered up broken walls to break into shops and take whatever they can find .
( AP Photo / Ariana Cubillos )
US troops with the 82nd Airborne Division take cover as a helicopter takes off after unloading relief supplies for earthquake survivors in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
( AP Photo / Jae C. Hong )
In a Saturday , Jan. 16 , 2010 photo , Red Cross volunteer Jean Baptiste Kostner gives medical attention to Samantha Eskvowitz as part of the Dominican Red Cross response team in Cite Soliel , Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
( AP Photo / American Red Cross , Talia Frenkel )
People walk through fire and rubble in the market area in Port- au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
On the streets , people are still dying , pregnant women are giving birth and the injured are showing up in wheelbarrows and on people 's backs at hurriedly erected field hospitals after Tuesday 's earthquake .
( AP Photo / Gerald Herbert )
In this Jan. 17 , 2010 photo released by the U.S. Air Force , an aerial view of downtown Port - au - Prince , Haiti is shown after a major earthquake devastated the area on Jan. 12 .
( AP Photo / U.S. Air Force , Master Sgt. Jeremy Lock )
This photo provided by the U.S. Navy shows members of the Los Angeles County Fire Department Search and Rescue Team clearing debris at a collapsed building in downtown Port - au - Prince , Jan. 17 , 2010 .
( AP Photo / U.S. Navy , Justin Stumberg )
Avi Berman , of Israel , sits next to a baby that was rescued from the collapsed house where his parents died during last week 's earthquake at and Israeli Field Hospital in Port-au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
( AP Photo / Ricardo Arduengo )
Men fight for goods taken from quake - damaged stores in downtown Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Looting spread to more parts of downtown as hundreds of people clambered up broken walls to break into shops and take whatever they could find .
( AP Photo / Francois Mori )
People fight for goods taken from collapsed stores in Port- au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Violence and looting broke up in Port - au - Prince as earthquake survivors scavenged for anything they could find in the ruins .
( AP Photo / Ariana Cubillos )
People begs for food and water outside a supermarket in Port- au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Troops , doctors and aid workers flowed into Haiti on Monday even while hundreds of thousands of Tuesday 's quake victims struggled to find water or food .
( AP Photo / Ariana Cubillos )
A woman gestures in the market area in Port- au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Violence and looting broke up in Port - au - Prince as earthquake survivors scavenged for anything they could find in the ruins .
( AP Photo / Ariana Cubillos )
A boy injured during last week 's earthquake is treated at the Israeli Field Hospital in Port-au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
( AP Photo / Ricardo Arduengo )
This photo provided by the U.S. Navy shows members of the Los Angeles County Fire Department Search and Rescue Team clearing debris at a collapsed building in downtown Port - au - Prince , Jan. 17 , 2010 .
( AP Photo / U.S. Navy , Justin Stumberg )
People fight for goods taken from collapsed stores in Port- au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Violence and looting broke up in Port - au - Prince as earthquake survivors scavenged for anything they could find in the ruins .
( AP Photo / Francois Mori )
People fight for goods taken from collapsed stores in Port- au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Violence and looting broke up in Port - au - Prince as earthquake survivors scavenged for anything they could find in the ruins .
( AP Photo / Francois Mori )
A man lies on the floor as he grimaces in pain after being injured during scuffles among people taking goods from quake - damaged stores in downtown Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Violence and looting broke up in Port - au - Prince as earthquake survivors scavenged for anything they could find in the ruins .
( AP Photo / Francois Mori )
People fight for goods taken from collapsed stores in Port- au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Violence and looting broke up in Port - au - Prince as earthquake survivors scavenged for anything they could find in the ruins .
( AP Photo / Francois Mori )
People take goods from buildings collapsed during last week 's earthquake in the market area of Port- au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Violence and looting broke up in Port - au - Prince as earthquake survivors scavenged for anything they could find in the ruins .
( AP Photo / Ricardo Arduengo )
Former president and U.N. special envoy for Haiti Bill Clinton , right , talks to airport workers unloading relief supplies at the airport in Port- au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
In a Jan. 18 , 2010 photo provided by the American Red Cross , Winnie Romeril , American Red Cross , International Disaster Response Volunteer , carries Estphane Shan towards a First Aid Post in in Croix Desprez , Poort - au - Prince , Haiti .
( AP Photo / American Red Cross , Talia Frenkel )
Bill Clinton , former President and U.N. special envoy for Haiti , right , greets a woman during a visit to the General Hospital in Port- au - Prince , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Clinton promised that his foundation would provide medicine and a generator to the capital 's General Hospital in order to doctors there can work through the night .
( AP Photo / Lynne Sladky )
One year old Misa Gureline Bestige reacts as she wakes up from sleeping on the street with her family and other displaced people in in Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Monday , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Troops , doctors and aid workers flowed into Haiti on Monday even while hundreds of thousands of Tuesday 's quake victims struggled to find water or food .
( AP Photo / Gerald Herbert )
Former US president and UN special envoy for Haiti Bill Clinton in Port - au - Prince ( AP )
A French minister has called on the United Nations to investigate the dominant US role in Haiti saying aid efforts should be about helping Haiti , not " occupying " it .
US forces turned back a French aid plane carrying a field hospital from the damaged , congested airport in the Haitian capital of Port - au - Prince last week , prompting a complaint from French co-operation minister Alain Joyandet .
The plane landed safely the following day .
Mr Joyandet , in Brussels for an EU meeting on Haiti , persisted : " This is about helping Haiti , not about occupying Haiti . "
Geneva - based charity Medecins Sans Frontieres backed Mr Joyandet 's calls to clarify their role saying lives are being put at risk as planes carrying medical supplies are being turned away by US air traffic controllers .
In another weekend incident , 250 Americans were flown to New Jersey 's McGuire Air Force Base on three military planes from Haiti .
US forces initially blocked French and Canadian nationals from boarding the planes , but the cordon was lifted after protests from French and Canadian officials .
The US military controls the Port - au - Prince airport , where only one runway is functioning and has been effectively running aid operations .
Last week Medecins Sans Frontières ( MSF ) reported that six out of seven charter flights bringing supplies and staff had been turned away , and a British search and rescue team was forced to return to the Dominican Republic .
" We 'd got to Haiti and were circling and circling over the airport but they would n't let us land , " said Simon Cording , a rescue expert who was on the government - sponsored flight .
" If you ask me what I think of the Americans controlling airspace in Haiti , I want to kick their butt .
The longer it takes us to land and start working , the more people will die .
It 's that simple . "
The Red Cross has also complained about diverted flights .
Meanwhile Brazil has lodged an official protest with Washington after US military flights were given priority - forcing non-US flights to divert to Dominican Republic .
Brazil also warned the US that it would not ­relinquish command of UN forces .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who was also criticised by MSF when her visit delayed an aid flight , said on Saturday that the US government had no intention of taking power from Haitian officials , adding : " We are working to back them up , but not to supplant them . "
The United Nations is taking the lead in the critical task of co-ordinating aid and Mr Joyandet said he expects a UN decision on how governments should work together in Haiti and he hopes " things will be clarified concerning the role of the United States " .
The US state department rejected suggestions that US military needs have priority over the needs of quake survivors .
A spokesman said : " The democratically - elected government of Haiti is in charge .
The US is not in charge here , the government of Haiti is in charge , the UN is in charge - we 're supporting them . "
Meanwhile Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez accused the US of ' occupying Haiti undercover ' .
" They have 3,000 US soldiers arriving , Marines armed as if they were going to war .
There is not a shortage of guns there , my God .
Doctors , medicine , fuel , field hospitals , that ’s what the United States should send , " Chavez said .
" They are occupying Haiti undercover . "
US military commanders have repeatedly stressed that they are not entering the country as an occupying force .
PA
Overpopulation in the USA and the Fate of the Yeast People
Every time I do a Q and A after a college lecture , somebody says ( with a fanfare of indignation ) — so as to reveal their own brilliance in contrast to my foolishness —
“ You have n’t said anything about overpopulation ! ”
Right .
I usually do n’t bother .
Their complaint , of course , implies that we would do something about overpopulation if only we would recognize it .
Which is absurd .
What might we do about overpopulation here in the USA ?
Legislate a one - child policy ?
Set up an onerous set of bureaucratic protocols forcing citizens to apply for permission to reproduce ?
Direct the police to shoot all female babies ?
Use stimulus money to build crematoria outside of Nashville ?
It ’s certainly true that the planet is suffering from human population overshoot .
We ’re way beyond “ carrying capacity . ”
Only the remaining supplies of fossil fuels allow us to continue this process , and not for long , anyway .
In the meantime , human reproduction rates are also greatly increasing the supply of idiots relative to resources , and that is especially problematic in the USA , where idiots rule the culture and polity .
The cocoon of normality prevents us from appreciating how peculiar and special recent times have been in this country .
We suppose , tautologically , that because things have always seemed the way they are , that they always have been the way they seem .
The collective human imagination is a treacherous place .
I ’m fascinated by the dominion of moron culture in the USA , in everything from the way we inhabit the landscape — the fiasco of suburbia — to the way we feed ourselves — an endless megatonnage of microwaved Velveeta and corn byproducts — along with the popular entertainment offerings of Reality TV , the Nascar ovals , and the gigantic evangelical church shows beloved in the Heartland .
To evangelize a bit myself , if such a concept as “ an offense in the sight of God ” has any meaning , then the way we conduct ourselves in this land is surely the epitome of it — though this is hardly an advertisement for competing religions , who are well - supplied with morons , too .
Moron culture in the USA really got full traction after the Second World War .
Our victory over the other industrial powers in that struggle was so total and stupendous that the laboring orders here were raised up to economic levels unknown by any peasantry in human history .
People who had been virtual serfs trailing cotton sacks in the sunstroke belt a generation back were suddenly living better than Renaissance dukes , laved in air - conditioning , banqueting on “ TV dinners , ” motoring on a whim to places that would have taken a three - day mule trek in their granddaddy ’s day .
Soon , they were buying Buick dealerships and fried chicken franchises and opening banks and building leisure kingdoms of thrill rides and football .
It ’s hard to overstate the fantastic wealth that a not -very - bright cohort of human beings was able to accumulate in post - war America .
And they were able to express themselves — as the great chronicler of these things , Tom Wolfe , has described so often and well — in exuberant “ taste cultures ” of material life , of which Las Vegas is probably the final summing - up , and every highway strip , of twenty - thousand strips from Maine to Oregon , is the democratic example .
These days , I travel the road up the west shore of Lake George , in Warren County , New York , and see the sad , decomposing relics of that culture and that time in all the “ playful ” motels and leisure - time attractions , with their cracked plastic signs advertising the very things that they exterminated in the quest for adequate parking — the woodand vistas , the paddling Mohicans , the wolf , the moose , the catamount — and I take a certain serene comfort in the knowledge that it is all over now for this stuff and the class of morons that produced it .
A very close friend of mine calls them “ the yeast people . ”
They were the democratic masses who thrived in the great fermentation vat of the post World War Two economy .
They are now meeting the fate that any yeast population faces when the fermentation process is complete .
For the moment , they are only ceasing to thrive .
They are suffering and worrying horribly from the threat that there might be no further fermentation .
The brewers running the vat try to assure them that there ’s more sugar left in the mix , and more beer can be made from it , and more yeasts can be brought into this world to enjoy the life of the sweet , moist mash .
In fact , one of the brewers did happen to dump about a trillion - and - a - half teaspoons of sugar into the vat during 2009 , and that has produced an illusion of further fermentation .
But we know all too well that this artificial stimulus has limits .
What will happen to the yeast people of the USA ?
You can be sure that the outcome will not yield to “ policies ” and “ protocols . ”
The economy that produced all that amazing wealth is contracting , and pretty rapidly , too , and the numbers among the yeast will naturally follow the downward arc of the story .
Entropy is a harsh mistress .
In the immediate offing : a contest for the table scraps of the 20th century .
We ’ve barely seen the beginning of this , just a little peevishness embodied by yeast shaman figures .
As hardships mount and hardened emotions rise , we ’ll see “ the usual suspects ” come into play : starvation , disease , violence .
We may still be driving around in Ford F - 150s , but the Pale Rider is just over the horizon beating a path to our parking - lot - of - the - soul .
It ’s a sad and tragic process and , all lame metaphors aside , there are real human feelings at stake in our prospects for loss of every kind , but especially in the fate of people we love .
The human race has known catastrophe before and come through it .
There ’s some credible opinion that “ this time it ’s different ” but who really knows ?
We have our 2012 apocalypse movies .
The people of the 14th century , savaged by the Black Death , had their woodcuts of dancing skeletons .
Feudalism was wiped out in that earlier calamity but , whaddaya know , less than a century after that the Renaissance emerged in a wholly new culture of cities .
Maybe we will emerge from our culture of free parking to a new society of living , by necessity , much more lightly on the planet and for a long time , perhaps long enough to allow the terrain to recover from all the free parking .
Regards ,
James Howard Kunstler
November 17 , 2009
Ernie , A friend on mine out west sent me these pictures .
I thought you might like to see them .
The story was in our local newspaper .
It happened east of Payson , AZ on Hwy 260 toward where Heber .
The pictures are so sad but at least hunters were able to gather up and use the meat .
Believe it or not , the driver of the car walked away .
Supposedly the elk were coming over a ledge , the driver hit some and two landed on top of the car .
All said and done , seven elk killed with his Nissan Murano .
thirty minutes later , hunters were able to gather up all the elk meat except the one under the vehicle .
Tyson
do n't see the picture below ?
click here for help
The legal struggle between Levi Johnston and Bristol Palin over custody of their son , Tripp , has made it ’s way into the media , with speculation of details running hot and heavy on both sides of the Palin blogs .
The Immoral Minority , Palingates and Bree Palin sites , ( see side panel “ Great Bloggers ” for links ) just to name a few , have been reporting on the rather odd discrepancies of details discovered in public documents , surfacing as a result of this custody case , and weighed in with opinions and observations .
The Huffington Post reported on Rachel Maddow ’s observations regarding the validity of Bristol Palin ’s Alaska - based business titled BSMP - LLC ( an acronym for Bristol ’s full name and identity as a Lobbying Consultant ) .
She is , after all , an Ambassador for Candie ’s Foundation , an organization which preaches abstinence to teenagers across America .
Bristol headlined a town meeting last year on 6 May to talk to teenagers and tell them her story .
Many celebrities have preceded her including Alyssa Milano and Britney Spears .
The Candie ’s Foundation website has all the bells and whistles of a bona fide fundraising organization .
The NavBar works , albeit the menus prove to be slim pickings .
The yearly events are named and shown with photos of their featured celebs , but there are only three – one each for 2007 , 2008 and 2009 .
If they have more events they are n’t listed on the website .
Actually , having gone through the site a few times now , I get the impression that it ’s not much more than an empty box .
The outer trappings are all there but there ’s no substance .
For a foundation boasting the raising of millions of dollars in three short years , there are no details of how , when , were or by whom the funds have been acquired .
And glaringly absent is a donor ’s list .
Odd .
So Bristol is the 2009 lead Ambassador for an organization which pays her ( salary ?
commission ?
expenses ? ) and she ’s only visibly worked one day .
6 May 2009 .
Well two if you count her TV appearance on the Today Show on 5 May 2009 to promote the event .
By listing herself ( on legal documents ) as a small business owner , she ’s implied to the court that she is a working girl , financially able to support herself and her child .
But there ’s no money trail .
There ’s also no visibility trail of having worked more than just the one day in any of the eight months she ’s been Ambassador for Candie ’s to date .
I would n’t blame her one bit , either , if she decided not to promote Candie ’s Foundation .
Have a look at their mission statement :
If I was a new mother that would put me off .
And this statement is the primary text , repeated throughout a website which offers little in the way of text .
Has the wording struck you as ‘ on the nose ’ yet ?
Let it sink in .
Should n’t that read ‘ the devastating consequences of teen sex ’ ?
Because teen pregnancy is a consequence of teenagers having unprotected sex .
Like contracting HIV or venereal diseases .
The latter , of course , striking me as more ‘ devastating ’ than becomng pregnant .
I would be really pissed to be told my first - born was a burden or a devastating consequence .
And she was conceived when I was 19 .
Well – I thought I could finish this before falling asleep but apparently I was wrong .
More tomorrow – complete with photos that will sock your knocks off :) .
As conflicts between Maricopa County 's Board of Supervisors and the sheriff and county attorney escalated in 2009 , rank - and - file county employees were plunged into a yearlong emotional roller coaster .
This month 's announcement of a federal grand jury entering the fray brought county workers some relief and hope for an end to the extraordinary tensions .
The grand jury is looking into allegations of abuse of power by Sheriff Joe Arpaio and his chief deputy , David Hendershott , in their dealings with judges and county officials .
Now , as they wait to see what will happen , a cross-section of county employees spoke with The Arizona Republic , talking publicly for the first time about life inside the county offices during the political battles , lawsuits and arrests going on above them at the highest levels of county government .
Most have little connection to the conflicts .
Still , their runaway fears were such that they worried that Arpaio 's deputies would come after them as well .
Fears first spiked in December 2008 , when county administrators spent $ 10,000 to sweep county offices for illegal wiretaps they worried had been installed by Arpaio .
None was found .
But rank - and - file workers still became terrified of possible surveillance , lawsuits or even arrest .
Arpaio 's frequent retort to critics that the innocent had nothing to worry about did not allay their concerns .
Unsure what or whom to believe , many county workers quit talking about sensitive matters on the telephone or in e-mails , even when using their personal home computers .
Conversation in hallways and elevators stopped .
Some feared they would be arrested while pulling into the same parking garage where deputies took Supervisor Don Stapley into custody .
Others worried that even minor infractions - a chipped windshield , having a beer before driving home after work - would be an excuse for deputies to pull them over or arrest them .
One Superior Court judge moved meetings with her staff and other judges to the chamber restroom , believing it would be a less likely spot for a listening device .
Working for a county often at war with itself put employees on edge and stressed relationships with co-workers and spouses .
Anxiety at work
Worries took hold at work immediately after the wiretap sweeps and grew through 2009 with each exchange among the sheriff , board and county attorney .
As a compensation supervisor , Darrien Ellison spends a lot of time researching money requests from the Sheriff 's Office .
In the course of his normal work over the past year , he denied two pay - raise requests for a high - ranking Sheriff 's Office employee .
Later , the thought crossed his mind several times that authorities might come after him .
When he had to call sheriff 's staff , he assumed he was being recorded .
" Who knows what they would use from a conversation on one of their employees against me , " he said .
Dexter Thomas is a senior management and budget analyst who works with the judicial branch 's budgets .
He loved his job , but then , the easygoing atmosphere at work changed .
After wiretap sweeps around him on the 10th floor , Thomas wondered who might be spying on him .
He instructed his wife and daughter to never call him on his work phone .
He stopped using e-mail for personal matters .
When colleagues copied him on chain e-mails , he asked to be removed from the distribution list in case authorities were reading his e-mails .
" You never know who 's watching , " Thomas said .
" You look over your shoulder before you push the button to the 10th floor .
And I do n't talk to anyone anymore . "
Supervisor Max Wilson was once an Arpaio supporter , even volunteering for years as a member of Arpaio 's volunteer - posse program .
But as the infighting intensified , so did Wilson 's stress levels .
He braced for his own arrest .
His wife , like many county worker spouses , tensed up whenever sheriff 's cars cruised through the neighborhood .
In March 2009 , Arpaio warned in a speech that Wilson " better be careful on cutting my budget . "
Wilson took that as a threat and pulled in his chief of staff to talk about whether he should resign .
Wilson stopped volunteering with the posse .
Later , his son - in - law also turned in his posse - member badge .
Fears at home
Fear followed employees home .
Many talked with their wives , husbands and children to warn them deputies might show up or follow them around town .
Marla Schofield is a compensation analyst who studies salary data and personnel information .
At first , she doubted sheriff 's deputies would ever have a reason to contact her .
Then , the battles heated up over the county 's decision to build a new court complex .
Deputies showed up at her home twice one summer weekend to ask questions .
She did n't answer the door .
A deputy left his business card on her car windshield , just below a crack in the glass .
Later , she went out for groceries and gas .
She scanned the road and parking lots for sheriff 's deputies .
She worried the card was strategically placed to send her a message about the cracked windshield , " a tactic to pull me over . "
She quickly had the crack repaired .
Compensation supervisor Darrien Ellison and his family were away visiting in - laws last summer on the day deputies came to his house to question him .
When he did n't come to the door , deputies talked to his neighbor .
They asked about Ellison and his job at the county .
Later , Ellison felt like some kind of suspicion had been cast on his family .
" Your neighbors obviously probably think something has been done wrong , " he said , asking how does anyone explain that it 's " just politics . "
Lee Ann Bohn is a deputy budget director .
She led last year 's budget negotiations with the Sheriff 's Office .
Later , while she was out of town with her two daughters , sheriff 's deputies questioned employees from her department .
Her personal cellphone voicemail filled up with messages from workers asking for help .
One employee was so rattled she could barely speak .
From then on , Bohn was extra careful about driving under the speed limit .
She also took good care of her swimming pool so it did n't turn green and provide anyone an excuse to enter her property .
Stress takes a toll
As the conflicts continued through 2009 , the months of fear at work and home took its toll on county employees .
Scott Isham is chief of staff to Wilson .
He tried not to let fear of arrest take hold of his family or staff .
But , as time went on , he also tried to be realistic .
I sham called a criminal defense attorney for advice .
He asked how much it would cost to get him out of jail .
He put the attorney 's phone numbers in his cellphone and business cards in his car .
Regular after - work beers with his buddies ended .
I sham told his wife to be careful .
No U - turns .
Never leave the kids in the car when returning videos .
Who knows what they might call child endangerment ?
Kenny Harris oversees construction of the county 's court tower .
It 's the most expensive project in county history , a major point of contention between the warring factions of the county and the target of one of Arpaio 's investigations .
In December , Harris got a panicked call from his 70 - year - old mother - in - law .
Deputies had been at the door of their home .
His two young daughters asked if he was in trouble .
As a budget supervisor , Ryan Wimmer works on financial matters involving the sheriff and county attorney .
Wimmer felt like a likely target .
Early on , he did n't expect to be arrested or subpoenaed .
But , after Stapley 's arrest , Wimmer had more restless nights .
Then , deputies came to his apartment with questions about the court - tower project .
Wimmer lay awake after that wondering :
How would he find an attorney ?
How would he pay for an attorney ?
Sometimes , Wimmer worked at home .
He wondered if they could seize his home computer .
Wimmer stopped expressing any personal opinions about county officials and operations .
He struggled to explain to his girlfriend and family what was happening at work .
" Everything I do , " he said , " I just assume it will be used against me . "
Reach the reporter at yvonne.wingett@arizonarepublic.com .
PAN , January 6 , 2010
S. Mudassir Ali Shah
KABUL ( PAN ) :
The outgoing year was the deadliest year for Afghan children since the ouster of the Taliban regime in late 2001 , a human rights watchdog said here on Wednesday .
More than 1,050 children under 18 years of age were killed in suicide attacks , air strikes , improvised explosive device blasts and crossfire between warring parties in 2009 , the organisation said .
An Afghan boy who was injured in a suicide bomb blast lies in hospital in Farah province November 20 , 2009 .
( Photo : REUTERS )
An Afghan boy who was injured in a suicide bomb blast lies in hospital in Farah province November 20 , 2009 .
( Photo : REUTERS )
In a detailed report released today , the Afghanistan Rights Monitor ( ARM ) alleged children were recruited for military purposes , harassed , sexually exploited and detained illegally .
They were deliberately deprived of access to basic rights such as education and health by Taliban insurgents , pro-government forces and other armed groups , the group added .
ARM Director Ajmal Samadi said : " At least three children were killed in war - related incidents everyday in 2009 and many others suffered in diverse but mostly unreported ways . "
Around 2,080 incidents of grave violations of child rights were reported during the year .
About 64 percent of the child victims were killed in 2009 as a result of violent incidents perpetrated by the Taliban militants , who recruited dozens of underage boys as foot soldiers and suicide attackers .
Besides murdering several children on charges of espionage or working for the government and its foreign supporters , the insurgents deprived hundreds of thousands of boys and girls of education .
Widespread attacks on aid workers , humanitarian convoys and facilities denied thousands of children access to life - saving services such as food aid and immunisation against deadly diseases .
Afghan and foreign forces did little to ensure child protection in counterinsurgency operations , the ARM complained , saying the alleged killing of eight students in Narang district of Kunar province on December 26 by US Special Forces and their Afghan companions appeared to be an appalling act of crime against civilians .
" NATOs accusation that the teenagers were involved in bomb - making activities does not justify their group - killing , " Samadi said , adding the claim that foreign forces came under fire contradicted government findings , which the victims were not combatants .
According to the report , the recruitment and use of children by police and private security companies continued throughout 2009 with little government intervention to curb the unlawful practice .
Several cases of sexual violence against children were reported with the alleged involvement of police officers , forces from registered private security firms and other militia actors but no case reached formal adjudication due to rampant corruption in government institutions and lack of support for victims .
" Whilst children were increasingly affected by war and crimes in Afghanistan , the government failed to introduce appropriate legal and practical mechanisms to mitigate their sufferings , protect them against the harm of war and bring alleged criminals to justice , " said Samadi .
ARM urged warring parties to pay attention to the plight of children and publicly recommit to their protection , safety and well - being .
It went on to ask the government to establish an authorised body to work on child protection issues and to constantly liaise with warring parties on child rights .
The group called for the government to set up a special fund for financial , health and social support services for war - affected children .
It urged the UN and the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) to sensitise the insurgents about the rights and protection of children in situations of war .
I am extremely happy with both of these gifts .
The first is a Reddit Alien with red buttons for eyes , a white button for his antenna tip which is held up by a black pipe cleaner , and overall awesomeness spewing from his every stitch .
The second thing is a Carl Sagan book , " The Varieties of Scientific Experience " .
No more than a week ago I was in my school 's library getting a few things and looking for this book , but it was checked out .
Could n't have been timed better .
Thanks , Santa !!
the ‘ water cube ’ by MVRDV image courtesy MVRDV
the ‘ water cube ’ is MVRDV ‘s proposal for the yeosu expo 2012 thematic pavilion in korea .
the design interprets the expo’s focus on the power and beauty of the oceans by ‘ extracting a block from the ocean ’ .
a hollow block is enclosed by walls made of stacked water basins which allow visitors to explore the wonders of the ocean .
image courtesy MVRDV
image courtesy MVRDV
image courtesy MVRDV
image courtesy MVRDV
Font Size » Large | Small
Find your way around RayKania.com from here
Mr. Bill says : “ Oh NO : Mr. Hands ! ”
Someone may have typed the wrong address .
Perhaps this is n’t the page you were looking for ; or maybe you were sent to the wrong place .
In any case , you ’ve reached this message to help you find any public page or article on this site .
Please check the Search , list of Site Pages , Topics menu , Archives , or browse our Visitor ’s Sitemap below .
Pages About
Articles
Home
Islam
Links
Sitemap
Page 1
Software für Apples iPad
Reichhaltiges Sortiment
Bibliothek in der Tragetasche
Das handliche Büro
Gerade erst hat Apple ihre neueste Schöpfung , das iPad , aus der Taufe gehoben , schon verbreiten sich Informationen zu der flachen Kreuzung aus iPod Touch und iPhone auf jeder noch so kleinen und unbedeutenden IT - Webseite .
Ohne eine Wertung abgeben zu wollen , muss dennoch gesagt werden , dass das iPad ein typischer Apple ist : Hardware geht gerade noch in Ordnung , Software aller Voraussicht nach Weltklasse .
Die allermeisten neuen Geräte auf dem Markt der Unterhaltungselektronik kranken an der Software , oder eben der Nichtverfügbarkeit derselben .
Insbesondere Konsolenhersteller sind davon betroffen .
Der angebissene Apfel aus Cupertino muss sich darum keine Gedanken machen , denn das iPad wird die Software - Bibliothek des iPhones vollständig unterstützen .
Genauer bedeutet dies über 140.000
Titel , die auf dem etwas mehr als 1 Zentimeter dicken Gerät abrufbar sein werden .
Ob jede Applikation nützlich sein wird , sei dahingestellt – schließlich gibt es Programme , die speziell auf Funktionen des iPhones zugeschnitten .
Ein Großteil der Software sollte dennoch von Beginn an auf dem iPad laufen , und dies aller Wahrscheinlichkeit nach sogar besser .
Die CPU des iPads ist eine Eigenentwicklung von Apple , die wohl potenter als die des iPhones ausfallen dürfte .
Außerdem lassen sich alle Applikationen über das gesamte Display des iPads strecken , sodass kein übermäßig großer schwarzer Rand übrig bleibt .
Da das Gerät von außen sowieso den bereits seit längerer Zeit erhältlichen eBook - Readern ähnelt , ist es nur konsequent , dass Apple sein iPad auch mit dieser Funktionalität ausstattet .
Natürlich wäre man nicht Apple , hätte man sich dazu nicht noch etwas Besonderes einfallen lassen .
Parallel zum bereits in die Jahre kommenden iTunes Store für Musiktitel wurde deshalb der iBooks Store gestartet , welcher – Überraschung – Bücher zum Verkauf anbietet .
Steve Jobs erklärte die Funktionsweise von iBooks mit nur wenigen Worten , was darauf hindeutet , dass auch dieser digitale Bauchladen äußerst nutzerfreundlich konzipiert sein wird .
Nachdem anfänglich gebangt wurde , dass die Preise für Apples eBooks zu hoch sein würden , gab CEO Jobs noch am selben Abend der iPad Vorstellung Entwarnung : Die Preise werden mit denen von amazon.com identisch sein .
Neben der reinen Unterhaltung bietet Apple mit einer extra auf das iPad zugeschnittenen Version von iWorks außerdem alles , was man für die Arbeit unterwegs benötigt .
Um den Umgang mit bekannter Software wie Numbers , Pages oder Keynotes zu vereinfachen , wird eine vollwertige Tastatur auf dem 9,7 “ Touchscreen eingeblendet .
Falls das nicht ergonomisch genug ist , bietet Apple auch eine „ echte “ Tastatur an .
Das iPad wird es gegen Ende März hier in Deutschland zu kaufen geben .
Etwa einen Monat später folgt die 3G - Version mit UMTS - Support für den schnellen Internetzugang für unterwegs .
Just how much life can you find in an ecosystem of one cubic foot ?
That is the question photographer David L­iittschwager set out to answer when he took a 12 - inch metal frame to a range of different environments on land and in water , in tropical climes and temperate regions and began to chart the living organisms .
The answer ?
An astonishing amount .
In each place he visited , the photographer , best known for his large images of rare animals and plants , was amazed at the diversity and abundance of life that passed through such a small area .
In five distinct and contrasting environments , from a tropical forest to a city - centre park , Liittschwager set down his green - edged metal cube , and started watching .
Each creature that passed through the cube was counted and charted with the help of his assistant and a team of biologists .
Over a three - week period the team photographed each inhabitant that passed through the cube , down to creatures measuring a mere millimetre .
In total , more than a thousand individual organisms were photographed , and the diversity of each environment can be seen on nationalgeographic.com .
" It was like finding little gems , " Liittschwager said .
The team started out at Central Park in New York – or more specifically , in the Hallet nature sanctuary , a 3.5 - acre deciduous woodland area , populated with trees or shrubs that lose their leaves seasonally .
There they found the tufted titmouse and eastern grey squirrel , creatures as big as a raccoon and as small as a leopard slug .
The February 2010 issue of National Geographic magazine features David Liittschwager 's extraordinary pictures
In Moorea , in French Polynesia , they discovered a vast array of species ( pictured ) thought to only be a very small selection of the reef 's full diversity .
Among their findings were the inch - long file clam , the whitespotted boxfish , sacoglossan sea slug and the frankly terrifying post - larval octopus .
While in the tropical cloud forest of Monteverde , in Costa Rica , most of the animals in the treetop ecosystem were as small as a fingertip , there were hawk moths , sharpshooter leafhoppers and burio tree seeds .
The fine - leaved vegetation of the fynbos of Table Mountain in South Africa , thought to hold one of the richest concentrations of plant diversity in the world , revealed the purple flower of the alice sundew , and no shortage of cape zebra cockroaches .
Finally , in the fresh water of Duck River in Tennessee , one of the most biodiverse waterways in the US , swam golden darters and longlear sunfish as well as the bigeyed chub .
Sarah Palin and her daughter , Bristol , earned an eye - popping $ 100,000 for their new In Touch Weekly cover , sources say .
For just eight hours ’ work at her own home , Palin pocketed nearly as much as her $ 125,000 - a- year salary as Alaska governor .
It seems her decision to quit her political role is making big financial sense .
Palin also reportedly earns $ 100,000 per public - speaking engagement , while she has a multiyear deal as a Fox News Channel analyst .
Reps for the magazine and Palin refused to comment on the deal .
But in a classic example of closing the stable door after the horse has bolted , Bristol — who gave birth to son Tripp in 2008 after a brief liaison with Playgirl - posing flop Levi Johnston — told In Touch the experience has made her a born - again virgin and announced , “ I ’m not going to have sex until I ’m married .
I can guarantee it . ”
One in every 21 homes103%24th10.1 % Boise 's population has more than doubled since 1980 , and its economy has diversified over the past half century .
Tech industries have come into the mix , and Micron Technology is now the city 's largest employer .
As in many Western cities , the real estate market here was quite volatile during the boom .
The median home price jumped from about $ 150,000 during 2003 to $ 260,000 at its peak in 2006 , according to the Wells Fargo - National Association of Home Builders housing opportunity index .
Since then prices have dropped more than 32 % .
Christine Loucks , an economics professor for Boise State University , attributes the foreclosure runup in town to two main causes :
A small speculative bubble that has burst and the economic slowdown .
" With the rapid population increase , there was strong demand for housing , " she said , " and that led to buying for speculation .
"
When prices started to slow down , the speculators pulled out , driving prices down further and trapping some buyers underwater .
Many flippers were caught in the downswing and lost their homes .
Job losses also began to mount .
Micron laid off 1,500 to 2,000 workers , HP slowed some of its operations , and the financial and construction industry employers also cut jobs .
" Residential construction just stopped , " said Loucks .
Add it all up and Boise went through a similar -- though less severe -- cycle as frothier markets in California , Nevada , Florida and Arizona .
For our clients ’ personal injury claims , we believe that charging headfirst into battle is rarely the only option .
In fact , it is most often a last resort .
We respect our opponents and colleagues by offering them the opportunity to offer our clients what is fair and appropriate to settle their claims , rather than immediately filing a lawsuit .
We do so by skillful negotiations , showing them why they need to increase their offer .
If they choose not to do what is right , then we will , along with our clients , evaluate the pros and cons of escalation ( i.e. taking the matter into litigation ) , if applicable .
For our clients ’ business matters , we skillfully negotiate in an effort to arrive at an outcome which is the most advantageous for our clients .
Though it is not always possible to achieve 100 % of our clients ’ objectives , we nearly always help them to arrive at an agreement which nevertheless makes sense from a business perspective .
This respectful approach has allowed us to forge positive relationships with everyone from individuals and businesses , to our fellow attorneys , insurance company representatives , judges and courtroom staff members , in the Denver community ( and elsewhere ) with whom we have had the pleasure of working during our 75 plus years of combined experience .
We have been able to utilize and build on those relationships , leading to a longstanding record of positive results in a wide range of legal scenarios .
Website Designing & Development
How To Design Your Website For Maximum Sales
If you thought that designing a website is all about handing over the contract to a website designing company and looking at the final output when its ready …
You are Wrong !
The underlying intention of website creation is not just to create an online presence but to create an effective online presence for promotion of the company products or services .
No company would want their website to be hidden among millions of already existing ones but they would ideally like to ensure that their website is capable of attracting customers and generate revenue in the process .
Our Web Design Services include :
Web page design
Website Redesign
Logo Designing
Designing Flash Intros
Graphic Animation
Banner Designing
Web Portal Creation
We Believe in providing :
Quality website designs
Attractive graphic animations
Search engine friendly designs
Unique and distinct online presence for your business
Affordable website design and development services
Customized graphic designs to increase overall website appeal
We provide services to clients in USA , UK , Canada , Australia and India for web design and website development .
With our immense experience in delivering quality website solution to corporate clients we assure you a professional and system driven approach to understand and implement the correct website solution .
Eric Sprott 's most recent report has generated serious ripples within financial circles due to his unique interpretation of some rather nebulous data in the latest December Treasury Bulletin .
Sprott raises a major question mark as to the constituency of the " Other Investors " as defined on page 48 , which in his calculations , has accounted for $ 510 billion of Treasuries in the first three quarters of 2009 .
Could this be a " phantom purchaser " that is the Federal Reserve in all but name ?
Or is it something far more innocuous ?
The table in question can be seen below :
Zero Hedge has received numerous emails with alternative interpretations of the data touched upon by Sprott , which for the most part can be summarized as follows : the phantom purchaser are just hedge funds accumulating " risk free " securities over the year .
This is an interesting theory , and , as it can be partially validated empirically , would weaken Sprott 's argument if proven true .
First a word about Hedge Fund LP interest allocation .
Most hedge funds have at least two constituent investment vehicles : an onshore and an offshore domiciled fund ( think Cayman Islands , Isle of Man or the Bahamas ) .
The bulk of any given fund 's capital is in the offshore domiciled entity for numerous tax purposes which we are surprised the democratic administration has not gone after yet in its quest to close every imaginable tax loophole , thus " plugging " the $ 10 trillion deficit onslaught ( no , seriously ) .
Onshore funds only exist to provide an investment vehicle for fund investors who fail to satisfy some of the Qualified Investor criteria permissive for an " offshore " status , or merely for any investors that specifically wish to be in an onshore vehicle .
This is by and far a substantial minority of all hedge fund investors , as most LPs seek way to minimize taxes at all costs , which is why they demand their capital be allocated to offshore operations .
Luckily , the fact that the bulk of hedge fund operations originates , in practice , offshore ( even if the investment decisions for the bulk of capital flows ultimately come from the same few offices in New York and Greenwich ) provides us with a useful way of tracking fund flows , specifically by looking at the Treasury international Capital ( TIC ) monthly flows .
Several unique countries in the monthly TIC report have long been considered to be broadly indicative of the action within the hedge fund community : these countries are the Channel Islands and Isle of Man , the Cayman Islands , the Bahamas , Bermuda , Netherlands Antilles , Panama , and , in some cases , the entire United Kingdom ( the last is open to debate ) .
Zero Hedge has taken the TIC data for these hedge fund heavy regions and compiled the Treasury flow data .
Again , keep in mind , offshore funds ( such as those captured by the above data ) account for the bulk of hedge fund activity , implying that onshore transactions represent a minority of hedge fund activity .
TIC data indicates that the above group of countries ( including all of the UK ) , was responsible for purchasing $ 94 billion in Treasuries ( both Bills and Bonds ) in the first 9 months of 2009 ( incidentally October saw a major puke in USTs to the tune of $ 21 billion , branging the total YTD to $ 73 billion .
Notable here is that the $ 94 billion is not even in the same ballpark as the $ 510 billion from " other investors . "
And even that read would be wrong : the TIC data , and what the above analysis indicates , is that the $ 94 billion in hedge fund purchases would actually fall in the category of " Foreign and International Buyers " meaning that only Onshore Hedge Fund vehicles could be responsible for plugging the $ 510 billion hole .
Of course , that would mean eliminating attribution to the UK .
And looking at TIC data for January thru September for the above country list and excluding the UK confirms that hedge funds are not the critical , and phantom , buyer : they only bought $ 13 billion through September .
Add October , and hedge funds excl .
the debated UK impact , and hedge funds sold a total of $ 15 billion in long and short - term treasuries !
Hedge Funds have been net sellers of treasuries if one includes all available data .
This means that either the onshore portion of hedge funds has become a majority contributor to HF performance ( extremely unlikely ) or that hedge funds have been selling US Securities in their offshore funds even as they have been buying Treasuries through onshore vehicles ( also highly unlikely ) .
This data provides preliminary evidence that Sprott is in fact right in questioning the " other investors " category : the traditional fall back of " the hedge fund made me do it " , or in this case " ... bought the security " just wo n't fly this time .
We hope the US Treasury and the Federal Reserve will address Sprott 's question in the near future .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger of California was on the mark when he said this week that the state needed to change policies that spend more money on prisons than on the state ’s once - vaunted higher education systems , which are being bled to death in budget cuts .
But Mr. Schwarzenegger was way off the mark when he suggested that the answer was to privatize prison services or to pass yet another constitutional amendment , this time to limit prison spending .
States that privatize prisons sometimes save money , but they can also buy trouble by ceding control to companies that put profit first and inmate welfare a distant second .
That would be disastrous for the California prison system .
It is already under pressure from scores of court orders that require it to reduce its growing prison count and provide adequate mental , medical and dental services , as well as better care for the disabled .
It would generally be impossible for the state to unilaterally lower prison spending without first cutting the prison population dramatically .
And because so much prison spending is nondiscretionary , a constitutional amendment that reduced spending  without cutting the prison population  would be doomed to failure .
It would also draw the ire of judges who have rightly run out of patience with the state ’s long list of failures in this area .
The only real way for California to cut prison costs is to reverse sentencing policies that have filled its prisons to bursting and have driven up costs by about 50 percent over the last decade alone .
Among other things , too many minor offenders are sent to jail for too long .
Folks at Royal Plaza On Scotts , 5 star business hotel in Singapore have created the Asia ’s First Life - sized Bread F1 car .
Completed using 14 litres of water , 2 kg of salt , 15 kg of yeast , and 10,800 ml of food varnish .
It took 549 hours to complete the bread racing car .
We Recommend :
Coca - Cola ’s problems are different from Wal - Mart ’s in that they are largely long - term .
The key ingredient in Coke products is water .
The company produces its beverages in about 200 countries through local franchises , all of which require a reliable local supply of clean fresh water .
But water supplies are under severe pressure around the world , with most already allocated for human use .
The little remaining unallocated fresh water is in remote areas unsuitable for beverage factories , like Arctic Russia and northwestern Australia .
Coca - Cola can’t meet its water needs just by desalinizing seawater , because that requires energy , which is also increasingly expensive .
Global climate change is making water scarcer , especially in the densely populated temperate - zone countries , like the United States , that are Coca - Cola ’s main customers .
Most competing water use around the world is for agriculture , which presents sustainability problems of its own .
Hence Coca - Cola ’s survival compels it to be deeply concerned with problems of water scarcity , energy , climate change and agriculture .
One company goal is to make its plants water - neutral , returning to the environment water in quantities equal to the amount used in beverages and their production .
Another goal is to work on the conservation of seven of the world ’s river basins , including the Rio Grande , Yangtze , Mekong and Danube  all of them sites of major environmental concerns besides supplying water for Coca - Cola .
These long - term goals are in addition to Coca - Cola ’s short - term cost - saving environmental practices , like recycling plastic bottles , replacing petroleum - based plastic in bottles with organic material , reducing energy consumption and increasing sales volume while decreasing water use .
The third company is Chevron .
Not even in any national park have I seen such rigorous environmental protection as I encountered in five visits to new Chevron - managed oil fields in Papua New Guinea .
( Chevron has since sold its stake in these properties to a New Guinea - based oil company . )
When I asked how a publicly traded company could justify to its shareholders its expenditures on the environment , Chevron employees and executives gave me at least five reasons .
Image Credit ... Alain Pilon
First , oil spills can be horribly expensive : it is far cheaper to prevent them than to clean them up .
Second , clean practices reduce the risk that New Guinean landowners become angry , sue for damages and close the fields .
( The company has been sued for problems in Ecuador that Chevron inherited when it merged with Texaco in 2001 . )
Next , environmental standards are becoming stricter around the world , so building clean facilities now minimizes having to do expensive retrofitting later .
Confessed hacker Albert Gonzalez 's turn as a Secret Service informant led him down a dark path of obsession , culminating in the largest identity - theft spree in history .
Frances Gonzalez Lago , Gonzalez 's sister , wrote his sentencing judge that her brother 's work as an informant for the agency between 2003 and and 2008 seemed to act as a reward for his obsession with computers .
" All this seemed okay at the time , but psychologically it was feeding an obsession that in the end would become my brother ’s downfall , " she told the court .
The information appears in a 24 - page sentencing memo originally filed Tuesday by Gonzalez 's attorney , Martin Weinberg , before it was sealed , along with several exhibits .
The memo was unsealed on Friday , with several pages redacted .
Threat Level disclosed on Tuesday the information that was revealed in the redacted pages .
Weinberg is appealing to the court to sentence the 28 - year - old hacker to 15 years .
Gonzalez has pleaded guilty to hacking into TJX , Dave & Busters restaurant chain and numerous other businesses .
He faces a possible sentence of between 15 and 25 years under the terms of his plea agreement .
The sentencing memo depicts Gonzalez as an obsessive personality who derived his sense of worth from his computer skills and could n't seem to distinguish himself from his PC .
When Gonzalez 's computer was infected with a virus , Weinberg writes in the memo , he " referred to the event as if it were he , himself , who had gotten the virus . "
Gonzalez 's self - defeating and uncontrollable behaviors were " destined to produce only one possible outcome : the compulsive criminal behavior that inevitably lead [ sic ] to his capture and punishment , " according to a psychological evaluation commissioned by Gonzalez 's attorneys .
The evaluation , prepared by Dr. Barry Roth , was submitted with the memo and is based on about 10 hours interviewing Gonzalez on November 16 and December 2 .
It indicates that the hacker is " very bright quick in some ways , but , very slow and ill - equipped in other ways . "
He 's " bedeviled by insecurity , " and his personal life has been characterized by social " awkwardness " and " impairment . "
He " spiraled down the slippery slope , descending into greater and greater misdeeds .
As it were , his journey through the circles of hell was paved with good intentions , " Roth writes , noting that his behavior is consistent with descriptions of those who suffer from Asperger 's Disorder .
" He was most likely born with a nervous system vulnerable to the pervasive developmental disabilities characterized by unconventional , and by norms of society , flawed and impaired social and cognitive skills ; side - by - side with an idiot - Savant genius for computers and information technology . "
Gonzalez was scheduled for sentencing on Monday , but this week the judge ordered a postponement until March , in light of the newly submitted psychiatric report .
The government is asking the judge for authorization to perform its own psychiatric evaluation of the hacker , a request Gonzalez 's attorney opposes .
In his sentencing memo , Weinberg further makes the case for leniency by writing that Gonzalez was not like the CEOs and hedge - fund managers who made headlines by stealing their clients ' money and bankrupting victims ' retirement savings .
Unlike those white - collar criminals , Gonzalez was not motivated by " cold calculations of pure greed " for money – such as the $ 1.1 million he buried in a barrel in his parents ' backyard – but by the thrill of achieving greater and greater feats through the computer .
" No pension plans were wiped out , " Weinberg writes .
" No investors lost their life 's savings .
No one 's lives and financial security were destroyed .
No publicly traded companies were destroyed . "
The vast majority of data stolen from TJX was " neither sold to or used by third parties to the detriment of card holders . "
Of 36 million card numbers obtained from TJX , at least 25 million – approximately 70 percent – were for expired accounts , and were therefore unusable by the thieves .
Of 5,132 credit cards taken from the Dave & Buster 's intrusion , only 675 of the cards – about 13 percent – were used by the thieves .
Furthermore , Weinberg writes , the government has never been able to deduce " the extent to which the stolen TJX data was ever used to an individual cardholder 's detriment , as opposed to simply remaining on the [ hacker 's ] server . "
He says it has simply estimated losses derived from the company 's SEC filings .
Gonzalez became obsessed with computing at an early age , and his life and attitude changed in middle school when he switched from being an extrovert to being a loner , who passed up dating girls to focus on the computer , Weinberg claims .
His mother , Maria , says in her own letter to the judge that she considered taking her son to a psychologist for an evaluation at the time , but Gonzalez refused .
At one point , his parents moved his computer into his sister 's room to curtail his usage , but Gonzalez would simply sneak into the room in the middle of the night to use the machine .
According to the letter written by Dr. Roth , Gonzalez 's father also " arranged a fake arrest with friends in the police force " as a sort of addiction intervention .
None of this helped wean him from the computer , however .
During high school , Gonzalez hacked into computers of India 's government , as well as NASA machines , according to Roth .
He was n't punished – the FBI and NASA merely came to his high school and basically said , " Do n't do it anymore , " Roth notes .
After graduating from high school , Gonzalez enrolled in Miami Dade Junior College to study computers .
He dropped out during the first semester because his grades were poor and he grew bored with the pedestrian curriculum .
After this , he moved to New York and found work with an unnamed internet company until the firm went out of business .
He then worked for Siemens for a year until he was laid off when the company relocated to Pennsylvania .
He was 21 at that point , and had developed a drug and alcohol problem , according to his lawyer .
He was arrested in 2003 in Manhattan after withdrawing money from ATMs using numerous cloned bank cards .
When the Secret Service learned of his role as an administrator on Shadowcrew ( one of the underground carding community 's leading forums for selling stolen card data ) , they turned him into an informant .
He worked undercover to help snag more than a dozen cyberthieves in an investigation dubbed Operation Firewall .
Gonzalez also gave lectures to law enforcement groups and the American Banking Association about the methods and technologies used by cyberthieves .
But all the while , he was maintaining his criminal contacts on the side and devising methods to break into multiple companies .
His crime spree ended only when he was arrested for the second time in May 2008 for hacking into Dave & Buster's .
He was later charged in August 2008 with the TJX hack .
Gonzalez claims that his thinking has become much clearer during his 18 months in prison , without the effects of alcohol , drugs and computers .
" Now that he has had time to reflect on his crimes , his mind freed from the tyranny of computers and drugs and alcohol , he understands the sense of violation that the consumers whose credit card numbers were stolen ( and on some occasions used ) must have felt and is truly remorseful , " his lawyer writes .
The mother of Gonzalez 's former girlfriend , Jennifer Bulas , also appealed to the court on his behalf .
Lydia Bulas is identified in the defense filings as a retired Treasury Department criminal investigator who conducted money - laundering investigations for 27 years .
Her conclusion is that Gonzalez " has learned his lesson . "
He is " very remorseful and will definitely never commit any crime again , " she wrote .
Photo of Albert Gonzalez courtesy of law enforcement .
See also :
GSK 's swine flu windfall under threat
Glaxosmithkline 's £ 2 billion swine flu windfall is under threat after it emerged talks are ongoing to return millions of unused doses of its new vaccine .
The surprise news comes from Spain where the take - up rates for the jab have fallen well below initial estimates .
Meanwhile in Germany , one of GSK 's major customers , orders are also being scaled back .
GSK : Firm estimates sales of Pandemrix could be 15 % , or £ 330 million , lower than initially thought
RELATED ARTICLES
Previous
1
Next GSK shares
Share this article Share
Europe 's largest drug group has so far lined up sales of 440 million vials of Pandemrix , expected to net revenues of £ 1 billion this year alone .
And this was expected to rise to £ 2.2 billion over the course of the pandemic , according to analysts at Morgan Stanley .
But it estimates sales of Pandemrix could be 15 per cent , or £ 330 million , lower than initially thought .
Germany initially ordered 50 million doses of the drug and Spain bought 14.7 million from GSK .
But only 20 per cent of the high - risk groups in Spain volunteered to be vaccinated against the H1N1 bug .
Germany is also scaling back its requirements as it feels patients will need just one jab and not two as initially thought .
In Madrid the talks with drug companies are advanced , accordingto health minister Trinidad Jimenez .
' We are speaking with the pharmaceutical companies ' about returning unused vaccine , she said .
' The contracts signed with the companies from which we acquired the vaccines included clauses which allow the return of unused vaccines so they can be distributed to other countries , ' Jimenez told APM Health Europe .
A GSK spokesman said : ' We continue to support governments in managing the H1N1 influenza pandemic .
This includes ongoing discussions for existing and new orders for our pandemic vaccines . '
Meanwhile , the World Health Organisation cautioned the flu threat had not receded .
Its Assistant Director General for Health , Keiji Fukuda , said : ' This is a virus that we do n't expect to just suddenly disappear . '
He reckoned countries with surplus vaccine had ' a number of options ' , including donating to those who have none , or keeping them in reserve for a later date .
The Geneva - based group is coordinating efforts to encourage rich countries to share vaccines with poorer nations .
Six manufacturers and 12 countries have so far pledged some 180 m doses of vaccines to around 95 countries .
GSK shares fell 22 p to 1297p .
Immigration Minister Rita Verdonk is known for her hardline stance
D66 , the coalition 's smallest member , withdrew its support in a row over Immigration Minister Rita Verdonk .
Ms Verdonk had threatened to strip former politician Ayaan Hirsi Ali of her Dutch passport because of false information she gave in 1992 .
Mr Balkenende said he would tender the government 's resignation on Friday .
" Following this , the remaining ministers and junior ministers decided to tender their positions to the head of state , the Queen .
This also counts for me , the prime minister , " Mr Balkenende said on television .
U-turn
Mr Balkenende 's announcement came after two days of debate in the parliament , where Ms Verdonk had done a U - turn on her stance on Ms Hirsi Ali , claiming she had found a legal loophole that would allow the Somali - born woman to stay .
The D66 party pulled three ministers from the government because Ms Verdonk , known as " Iron Rita " for her tough stance on immigration issues , refused to resign over her treatment of Ms Hirsi Ali .
" A rift was created with my party and I feel there is no other way but to withdraw support for this government , " D66 party leader Lousewies van der Laan told parliament today .
Ms Hirsi Ali , 36 , became an international figure after writing a controversial film about the treatment of women in Islam , which was directed by Theo Van Gogh , later led to his murder by a Muslim extremist in 2004 .
Since admitting to lying in her asylum application , Ms Hirsi Ali has stepped down as a member of parliament and planned a move to the US to work for a think tank .
The resignation of the government could lead to new elections in October .
