Fusion Garage has finally come clean with its side of the story in regards to the CrunchPad debacle , and just unveiled its new Arrington - free version of the device : the Joojoo .
The way Fusion Garage tells it , the device was already in the works at the time of the original TechCrunch post about the idea , and that Michael Arrington and co. made zero contributions to the development of the device -- and apparently do n't have any sort of contract to prove otherwise .
The device is much along the lines of what we'd been hearing : it runs a UNIX - based OS , boots straight to a web browser ( otherwise no apps at all ) , weighs about 2.4 pounds and features a 12.1 - inch capacitive touchscreen .
There are no physical buttons on the slate outside of the on - off switch , which taps into a 9 second boot time .
Under the hood there 's a 4GB SSD , WiFi ( no 3G ) , an accelerometer and about 5 hours of battery life .
Pre-orders start on December 11th , with a dream - shattering $ 499 pricetag bringing this thing back into the realm of reality .
We 're supposed to see demos of the Joojoo in the wild this week , and another shot of the device can be found after the break .
Carbon sequestration , the processing and storing of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere , is one of the leading methods for the reduction of greenhouse gases .
A group of scientists has now found a copper complex that is capable of reacting with carbon dioxide at a slightly elevated electric potential .
The process turns the carbon dioxide into a usable byproduct which can be recycled and reused for this purpose multiple times .
An easy way to get carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere is to find a chemical that combines easily with it , similar to the way that some metals oxidize .
For example , compounds involving copper will usually combine with oxygen in the atmosphere voluntarily without catalysts , covering the surface of the copper material with a green patina , like the Statue of Liberty .
Unlike oxygen , carbon dioxide cannot combine so easily with other materials .
It is possible to remove one electron from the molecule to facilitate its integration into other molecules , but that removal requires an electric potential of - 1.97 volts , which is unreasonably high for the purpose of processing a single molecule .
One group of scientists found a certain dinuclear copper ( I ) complex that turns green when exposed to air under a slight electric potential ( - 0.03 volts ) .
At first , they assumed it was from the exposure to oxygen , but upon closer inspection they learned that this particular form of copper was reacting with carbon dioxide .
A few varieties of the same basic complex were able to spontaneously capture carbon dioxide , removing it from the atmosphere and reductively coupling it to the copper to form a tetranulcear copper complex with two oxalate groups , or two sets of two bonded carbon dioxide molecules ( the oxalate formula is C 2 O 4 2 - ) .
On its own , this is a useful mechanism , but stopping here would result in huge amounts of reacted waste copper .
To cut down on waste , the researchers found that they could wash the oxalate from the copper complex using a lithium salt , then separate the the lithium salt from the oxalate by adding acid .
After this process was complete , the copper complex was returned to its original state and was ready to react with more carbon dioxide , and the recovered lithium salts were likewise reusable
Lithium is fairly expensive , but Elisabeth Bouwman , one of the authors of the paper , speculated in a Science podcast that they might be able to use regular sodium chloride .
The resulting product , oxalate , is an ingredient found in many household chemicals , such as those used in the removal of rust .
It can also be reduced to oxalic acid and made into antifreeze .
A copper complex and salts that are recyclable , the ability to remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere , and a practical byproduct -- it all sounds like the magical solution to climate change .
Unfortunately , this chemical dream team works painfully slowly .
Each molecule of the copper complex takes about seven hours to process out 12 molecules of oxalate , or 24 carbon dioxide molecules .
These are n't trivial numbers , but by the time the copper has processed that many molecules , the whole mess has to be processed twice ( separating the oxalate and then the salts ) before it can start over again and process more carbon dioxide .
The rate - limiting factor in the process is returning the copper complex to its original state .
To satisfactorily improve the process , researchers " need to optimize the electron transfer and the rate of the whole reaction , " said Elisabeth Bouwman .
Science , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1177981
This everyday hospital style wheelchair has been modified with a Honda 165 cc four stroke engine .
The motorized wheelchair has a top speed of 68 KPH .
The video shows the wheelchair in action including the chain drive system that propels the chair .
On the afternoon of Thu 17th , 2009 SAPIA Pty Ltd registered the domain name " stephenconroy.com.au " as a satirical platform on which to air grievances and promote debate about the Australian governments proposed mandatory Internet filtering scheme .
By 5 pm the next day , the website was forcibly taken offline by auDA , Australia 's domain authority body after a complaint concerning the registrant 's eligibility was raised , presumably by Stephen Conroy 's office : the Department of Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy .
SAPIA was given merely 3 hours to issue a response which is an unusually short period of time for domain eligibility complaints to be arbitrated .
Typically domains in question are given up to 10 days for arbitration to occur .
This time frame was manifestly inadequate to obtain representation and prepare an appropriate response and a request for additional time was denied personally by Chris Disspain , auDA 's CEO shortly before the domain was taken offline .
This naturally raises concerns about outright Internet censorship at worst , collusion between auDA and the government as a possibly , and at best a knee - jerk political reaction by auDA which appears on the face of it like the suppression of political debate in Australia .
This situation echos the 2006 takedown of Richard Neville 's John Howard " Apology " parody website , which disappeared without recourse .
The website will remain online at http://stephen-conroy.com regardless of future decisions by auDA .
IT professionals , Law experts and the Internet community at large have contacted SAPIA expressing their support and we will continue to express our discontent in a democratic , law abiding manner as is appropriate for a free and civilised western country such as Australia .
###
God Is an Astronaut is an Irish post - rock band from County Wicklow , formed in 2002 by Niels and Torsten Kinsella .
Their style employs elements of electronic music , krautrock , and space rock , reminiscent of Tangerine Dream .
The band currently consists of Niels and Torsten Kinsella and Lloyd Hanney .
They have released 9 studio albums to date .
http://www.godisanastronaut.com
View wiki
Joseph Schumpeter , in his 1943 book Capitalism , Socialism , and Democracy , was concerned that the people who benefit most from a capitalist economy take its benefits for granted , and cannot be counted on to defend capitalism against its attackers .
This would lead to capitalism ’s eventual collapse .
This seemed plausible in 1943 , but less plausible in 1989 when the Berlin Wall fell and there was a worldwide recognition of the superiority of market institutions over government planning .
Today , Schumpeter ’s concern is starting to seem increasingly plausible again .
I was reminded of this in a small way last week , when I was traveling by airline .
My flight home was delayed a few minutes because the incoming flight was late .
I boarded and had a window seat .
The window seat at the opposite end of my row was occupied by a passenger who was agitated and vocal about the delay .
He started complaining rather loudly about how ridiculous it was that the flight was not on time , and asked the flight attendant to call the pilots and ask why we were late .
She did , indeed , call the pilots .
As we were taxiing out and almost to the runway the pilots announced we had to turn back to the gate to check something , which elicited even more complaints from my fellow traveler .
He even pulled out his cell phone and called the airline to complain !
Back at the gate , they opened the boarding door ... and an airline employee came on to escort the complaining passenger off the plane .
I ’ve never been on a flight before that had a passenger ejected .
Once the unruly passenger had deplaned we taxied back out , departed , and eventually arrived 40 minutes after the scheduled arrival time .
Airline travel is one of the great achievements of capitalism .
I see it as more remarkable than landing a man on the Moon .
That was a one - shot deal , where all the program ’s resources were aimed toward that one goal .
The airlines , meanwhile , run thousands of flights a day on a schedule that is so dependable that we get agitated when they are even a few minutes late .
If you had told someone a century ago that you could get into an aluminum cylinder and travel 6 miles above the surface of the Earth at 550 miles an hour — that you could cross an entire continent in a few hours — it would have seemed too incredible to believe .
Yet this happens every day , with such regularity that we take it for granted .
The unruly passenger on my flight is an example of the attitude Schumpeter believed would be capitalism ’s undoing .
If capitalism ’s beneficiaries do n’t appreciate our remarkable economic system and wo n’t stand up to defend it , capitalism ’s critics will take us down what Friedrich Hayek called The Road to Serfdom , which is socialism .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan 
At least 10 people were killed in an American drone strike in northwest Pakistan on Thursday morning that was aimed at the leader of the Pakistani Taliban , according to Pakistani security officials .
After the attack , several Pakistani security officials said there was no word on the whereabouts or condition of the Pakistani Taliban leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , who claimed responsibility for a suicide attack that killed eight people at a C.I.A. base in southeastern Afghanistan last month .
But a Taliban spokesman said Mr. Mehsud was not among the casualties .
“ The important thing for us is whether Hakimullah is among those killed , ” said a Pakistani official in South Waziristan .
A Pakistani intelligence official said he believed that Mr. Mehsud was “ definitely targeted ” in the attack , which struck a compound in a remote region near the border of the tribal regions of North and South Waziristan about 7 a.m. Thursday .
Working with You to Create a Better Tomorrow
By starting your search for an attorney , you have already taken the first critical step toward leaving the past behind and moving into a brighter future .
We believe that Brian Limbocker , our North Atlanta bankruptcy and personal injury lawyer , is the right choice for many reasons .
Brian has been representing people in the Georgia and North Atlanta metro since 2004 , and his reputation as a go - to local lawyer has spread by word - of - mouth from satisfied clients .
He is known for his patience and his ability to help people understand their options , whether they are considering Chapter 7 , Chapter 13 or Chapter 11 bankruptcy .
He is also recognized as a fighter for homeowners , helping those whose homes are threatened with foreclosure .
When constant calls from bill collectors makes you afraid to answer the phone , and when you are tired of having your wages garnished , reach out to Limbocker Law Firm , LLC , for help .
Tomorrow can be better than today .
United Nations special envoy to Afghanistan Kai Eide speaks during a commemoration ceremony for two victims of the attack on an international guest - house in Kabul November 3 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Oleg Popov
KABUL ( Reuters ) - The United Nations said on Thursday it would start evacuating hundreds of its international staff from Afghanistan after an attack by Taliban militants last month killed five foreign staff .
U.N. spokesman Aleem Siddique said the United Nations would relocate about 600 of its roughly 1,100 international staff in total , with some being moved to safer sites within Afghanistan while the rest would be withdrawn from the country .
“ The United Nations has been in Afghanistan for half a century and we are not about to leave now .
The Afghan people want us to stay , ” Siddique told Reuters .
The figure was less than an earlier report that 900 international staff would be evacuated .
A U.N. statement emailed to Reuters said it would not make details of the new measures public , adding : “ It is expected that they will involve short - term relocations for some staff while additional security is being put in place . ”
Relations between the former Soviet Union and the United States thawed a long time ago and we no longer live in fear of mutually assured destruction .
But Russia remains an economic powerhouse and a major player on the world stage .
Russia has a rich cultural history and a sometimes brutal military legacy and for most Americans , it remains the “ undiscovered ” country .
Russia ’s economy has been in a state of flux since before the Bolshevik revolution but it is interesting to note how the differences in geography , population , and the role of the military ultimately play into the entire economic relationship .
A country with that many Grandmasters ca n’t be counted out .
In order to help compare and contrast the economic differences , we have simplified the data from the CIA World Factbook and NationMaster.com .
For the exact numbers in any category , check here and here .
For more personal finance visualizations see : WallStats.com
Related
Killing baddies with your bare hands ( Image : Lihee Avidan / Reportage / Getty Natal can recognise a pose in just 10 milliseconds ( Image : Xbox 360 Natal Team / Microsoft )
The system locates body parts to within a 4 - centemetre cube ( Image : Xbox 360 Natal Team / Microsoft )
Programming the Natal system with a basic understanding of human anatomy allows it to track body parts , even when not in view ( Image : Xbox 360 Natal Team / Microsoft )
A LONG - lived videogaming skill could be on the way out this year as Microsoft hones an add - on to its Xbox 360 console aimed at making button - studded games controllers obsolete .
The device , called Natal after the …
The Washington Post
" Atheists are somewhat focused on the one issue of atheism , not looking at how to move forward , " said Roy Speckhardt , executive director of the Washington - based American Humanist Association .
While he appreciates the way the new atheists have raised the profile of nonbelievers , he said humanists differ by their willingness to collaborate with religious leaders on various issues .
" Working with religion , " he said , " is not what [ atheists ] are about . "
" Atheists do n't really ask the question , what are the vital needs that religion meets ?
They give you the sense that religion is the enemy , which is absurd , " said Ronald Aronson , professor of humanities at Wayne State University in Detroit .
In 2007 , published an article byof the Religion News Service asking " Is Atheism Just a Rant Against Religion ? "
The article noted that some humanists have criticized atheists for needing " to offer more vision than rhetoric . "
Never mind that many atheists have recognized that atheism is nothing but a lack of theistic belief and have embraced secular humanism .
Once again , we had a story that helped to publicize atheism while seeming to simultaneously disparage atheists .
At the time the article appeared , I wrote an early version of this post .
I thought it might be fun to dust it off and update it , so that 's what I 'm doing here .
The central point of Cipolla 's article was that prominent atheist authors were being criticized by other non-believers , mostly humanists , for not offering enticing alternatives to religion .
That is , " vehement arguments against religion " should be supplemented with explanations about " how a godless worldview can be good . "
It was unclear in the articlethis was deemed necessary .
I noted that this struck me as a case of manufactured conflict because the mainstream news media was the only place I ever encountered this debate .
I said that I rarely saw it come up on atheist blogs or in the atheist forums , adding that it seemed that atheists and humanists were getting along quite well and were largely united in our opposition to religion and our preference for reality .
Is this still true today ?
Maybe not so much .
Since 2007 , it has become clearer that there are non-believers who do not care for many outspoken atheists .
Some of them see humanism as a preferable banner under which to organize .
And to be sure , some have been quite critical of any non-believer who does not embrace their preferred form of humanism .
And yet , I still have trouble seeing this as primarily a conflict between atheism and humanism .
I will acknowledge that it might look this way from the outside ; however , it strikes me as more of a disagreement around priorities .
In my earlier response to the 2007 article , I said that I did not necessarily disagree with the point that something more than atheism is necessary .
I pointed out that I had suggested this in previous posts and expressed frustration at the portrayal of atheists as necessarily opposing this idea .
Sure , many of us do criticize religion ; however , many of us are also focusing on providing some positive alternatives to religious delusion .
It is true that we do not all do that through humanism , but many of us are trying to do it .
Some atheists wholeheartedly embrace secular humanism and fall squarely within that camp .
Others prefer to focus their efforts on criticizing religion and working to preserve the separation of church and state .
Still others gravitate more toward science and skepticism where they may prefer to deal with topics like science education and the religious threats to it .
But across all these groups , one will encounter plenty of people who see no need to replace religion with anything except reality .
Atheists have always been a diverse group , and I 've never been sure why some seem determined to frame this diversity as a flaw .
This is simply not accurate .
Many atheists work with theists in organizations such as Americans United for Separation of Church and State .
Who are these atheists who focus on nothing but atheism ?
I do n't think I 've ever met one .
We do not all call ourselves humanists , but it is simply not true that most atheists are about nothing but atheism .
Most of the atheists I 've known spend relatively little of their time obsessing about atheism .
I have certainly been asking these questions , and I am far from alone .
Most of the atheist blogs with which I am familiar address them regularly .
Pascal Boyer and Daniel Dennett certainly ask them in their books .
The manner in which articles like this often depict atheists does not reflect my experience of atheists particularly well .
That was true in 2007 , and it remains true today .
Reading them , I often get the feeling that the author ( or some of those he or she has quoted for the article ) is trying to advance a particular agenda .
That is not necessarily a bad thing , but they should be more open about what that agenda is and be sure that they do not provide readers with a distorted picture in order to get there .
Agentur
Agentur
Wer wir sind , wie wir ticken und wie wir arbeiten
Mozilla vice president of engineering Mike Shaver has reiterated that the open source outfit has no intention of rolling the H.264 video codec into its Firefox browser , even though the likes of YouTube and Vimeo are using the patented codec with early versions of their plug - in - free HTML5 video players .
Firefox supports the HTML video tag used by these players , but it opts for the open and license - free Ogg Theora codec rather than H.264 , which is a patented technology in many countries .
Shaver says that even if Mozilla were wiling to pay its own license fees on the codec , it does n't want a web that asks for such fees from countless others .
" These license fees affect not only browser developers and distributors , but also represent a toll booth on anyone who wishes to produce video content , " Shaver wrote on his personal blog over the weekend .
" And if H.264 becomes an accepted part of the standardized web , those fees are a barrier to entry for developers of new browsers , those bringing the web to new devices or platforms , and those who would build tools to help content and application development . "
If Firefox adopts H.264 , Shaver says , it will immediately force such fees onto countless outfits with close ties to Mozilla .
" There is no apparent means for us to license H.264 under terms that would cover other users of our technology , such as Linux distributors , or people in affiliated projects like Wikimedia or the Participatory Culture Foundation .
Even if we were to pay the $ 5,000,000 annual licensing cost for H.264 , and we were to not care about the spectre of license fees for internet distribution of encoded content , or about content and tool creators , downstream projects would be no better off . "
And in the long term , Shaver and company hope to engender a web that works the same for everyone .
" We want to make sure that the Web experience is good for all users , present and future , " he continues .
" I want that not only altruistically , but also because I want the crazy awesome video ( animation , peer - to - peer , security , etc. ) ideas that will come from having more people , with more perspectives , fully participating in the internet .
The web is undeniably better for Mozilla having entered the browser market , and it would have been impossible for us to do so if there had been a multi-million - dollar licensing fee required for handling HTML , CSS , JavaScript or the like . "
Due to ongoing disagreements among the major browser makers , the still - gestating HTML5 spec does not specify a video codec for its new video tag .
Like Mozilla , Opera backs Ogg Theora .
Apple is adamant that H.264 is the only option because Ogg Theora offers scant hardware support and an " uncertain patent landscape . "
Google is playing both sides , saying that Ogg does n't offer the performance required by a site like YouTube .
And as usual , Microsoft is playing the standards laggard .
Last week , Google publicly unveiled an " experimental " HTML5 video player for YouTube , and though it uses H.264 , a company spokesman indicated the site may eventually offer support for multiple codecs .
Then Vimeo followed with its own H.264 - based HTML5 player .
Because of their reliance on H.264 , neither of these will work with Opera or Firefox .
But they will work will Safari and Chrome , and they 'll work with Internet Explorer if you use Google 's controversial Chrome Frame plug - in to turn the Microsoft browser into a Google browser .
Last summer , DailyMotion released an HTML5 player that works with Ogg Theora .
This works with Firefox , Opera , and Chrome , which supports both Ogg and H.264 , but not ( un - Googlified ) IE or Safari .
Despite this splintered video landscape , Shaver is confident that the big players will eventually reach an solution that 's free of H.264 .
" I very much believe that Google ( both the Chrome and YouTube teams ) , Vimeo and many others share our desire to have a web with full - featured , high - performance , unencumbered , natively - integrated video , and I look very much forward to us all working - together and separately - towards that end , " he says .
Google is working to purchase On2 Technologies , and it looks like the Mountain View giant is interested in open sourcing the outfit 's video codecs to provide a license - free option offering performance above and beyond Ogg .
On2’s VP3 codec is the basis for Ogg Theora .
In 2001 , On2 open sourced VP3 under an irrevocable free license through an agreement with The Xiph.org Foundation .
But in the years since , the company has improved on its technology , with the VP codex now in its eighth iteration . ®
( CNN ) -- Authorities in Colorado say criminal charges are expected to be filed against Richard Heene , a storm - chasing father whose giant Mylar balloon ascended into the sky earlier this week , sparking fears that his 6 - year - old was aboard .
Richard and Mayumi Heene leave the Larimer County Sheriff 's Office Saturday .
" We do anticipate at some point in the future , there will be some criminal charges filed with regards to this incident , " Larimer County Sheriff Jim Alderden said .
The saga captured the nation 's attention early Thursday afternoon , after authorities reported the family 's homemade helium balloon was set adrift , apparently with young Falcon Heene inside .
Since then , speculation has mounted over whether the incident was a hoax by the father , who has appeared with his family on ABC's " Wife Swap , " and posted videos of storm chasing and other activities online .
Earlier Saturday , in an impromptu press conference outside his home , Heene told reporters the runaway balloon incident was " absolutely no hoax . "
The incident prompted a widespread search in northern Colorado that included law enforcement from several counties , the Federal Aviation Administration and the Colorado National Guard .
It ended when Falcon climbed down from the attic above the garage at the family 's Fort Collins , Colorado , home .
If the incident was a hoax , the only charge local authorities could press would be making a false report to authorities -- a Class 3 misdemeanor , Alderden told reporters Saturday .
However , a misdemeanor " hardly seems serious enough given the circumstances , " the sheriff said .
" We certainly want to talk to FAA officials and federal officials to see if perhaps there are n't additional federal charges that would be more appropriate in the circumstances than what we 're able to do locally , " he said .
He said further details would be disclosed Sunday morning , and that neither Richard nor Mayumi Heene , who came in voluntarily Saturday , was under arrest .
The couple emerged Saturday evening from the sheriff 's office after several hours of interviews with investigators .
" I was talking to the sheriff 's department just now to further things along , " Richard Heene told reporters outside the building .
" We 're doing well . "
He refused to take questions before the couple drove away in their minivan .
Earlier Saturday , Heene emerged from his house and offered a cardboard box for the media to submit questions .
Watch Heene reveal question box »
" I got people e-mailing me , calling me ; they 've got a lot of questions , and I do n't know how to quite frankly answer any of them other than I 've got a box , " Heene said around 10 a.m .
He said he'd answer the questions later Saturday night .
" I 'm going to place the box up front .
Please write your questions down , " he said .
" I have no idea what the news are saying .
I do n't have cable . "
Speculation began to mount over whether the incident was staged after the family appeared on CNN's " Larry King Live " on Thursday night .
Heene asked Falcon why he had not come out from hiding when his parents were calling for him .
" You guys said we did this for the show , " the boy said .
Heene said his son was confused when he made the " show " remark .
There were media assembled on the front lawn asking all sorts of questions , and that 's what Falcon was referring to , Heene said .
Alderden said Friday that -- based on reports that the parents " took these children into potentially dangerous situations " with tornado chases , the experimental balloons and other activities -- it would be " appropriate to involve child protection [ services ] to at least see what the family situation is and whether the children are in a safe condition . "
Earlier , the sheriff told reporters his department contacted child protection officials but asked them not to contact the family until investigators had a chance to re-interview them .
All About Richard Heene • Colorado • Child Safety
There were some indications that he might have been taking a more active role in the opposition that sprang up after the flawed presidential election last June .
Mr. Ali Mohammadi was among 240 university professors who signed a letter before the election expressing support for the main opposition candidate , Mir Hussein Moussavi .
After a brutal crackdown , the authorities late last year broadened efforts to stifle dissent to encompass the educational system , hinting that dissident professors would be purged .
A number of hard - line clerics have called for the university humanities curriculums to be further Islamized .
But it was not immediately known whether Tuesday ’s killing was related to that dispute .
Image A view of the scene after the bomb blast in Tehran on Tuesday .
Credit ... European Pressphoto Agency
Analysts said the Iranian authorities seemed to have been quick to label Mr. Ali Mohammadi a loyalist , possibly as a precursor to renewed , harsh action against their opponents .
“ This is an old trick , ” said a former senior official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of retribution .
“ They did it themselves but blame it on opposition groups so that they can easily begin issuing death sentences for protesters .
I think this means there could be more violence against the opposition . ”
The authorities have already announced plans to try five protesters on a charge of “ fighting against God , ” which carries a death sentence for those who are convicted .
Seven leaders of the minority Bahai religious group were tried Tuesday in Tehran in closed proceedings , the Human Rights Activist News Agency , an opposition Web site , reported .
The seven , who have been in jail for more than 20 months , were charged with committing religious offenses and trying to disrupt national unity .
Recently , Iranian officials have accused Bahai leaders of fomenting the street demonstrations .
Film noir meets science fiction in the 2007 final cut of Ridley Scott 's visually stunning and brutal sci- fi classic about an ex-cop on the trail of mutinous androids .
The 2007 final cut of Ridley Scott 's sci-fi classic .
Los Angeles , 2019 .
Mankind has succeeded in creating replicants - near - perfect humanoids superior in intelligence even to humans - but as a result of a mutiny on a human colony in outer space , it is now illegal for unlicensed replicants to be on Earth .
The punishment , if they are caught , is death .
Four replicants have escaped and fled back to Earth , and android hunter or ' blade runner '
Deckard is charged with identifying and ' retiring ' them ...
Corruption in Afghanistan UN Report Claims Bribes Equal to Quarter of GDP
Need a driver 's license in Kabul ?
$ 180 will get you one within hours .
$ 60,000 will get you out of jail in Afghanistan .
A new UN study shows just how rampant corruption has become in the war - torn country .
Indeed , bribery is equal to a quarter of the Afghan GDP .
When details of their “ sadistic torture ” on a pair of young boys were read out to the court the two brothers sat emotionless .
But today hearing tales of their own “ toxic ” homelife was apparently too upsetting .
Just a few minutes into his mitigation , as he told the court about regular beatings their father would administer to their mother , Peter Kelson QC was forced to pause as the brothers fidgeted behind him .
First the elder of the defendants , who is 12 , was asked if he was okay .
Then it became clear it was the youngest of the pair , now 11 - years - old , who was in most distress .
His face red , he folded his arms on the desk in front of him and buried his head in them .
A social worker gave him a tissue to wipe his tears and then took him crying from the courtroom .
It was behaviour in stark contrast to the impassiveness shown by the pair during the hours it has taken the prosecution to tell the court about their robbery and assault of two boys who were just 11 and nine - years - old .
At times they have mouthed inaudible words and glanced along the table at each other , but on the whole they have looked straight ahead , drinking water and yawning occasionally .
But the reminder of their violent and unconventional upbringing brought a tearful reaction .
In mitigation the judge heard that the boys had a “ toxic ” homelife .
The elder brother , in particular , was beaten by his father and had been drinking alcohol , smoking and taking drugs since he was nine - years - old .
He also used to watch his father ’s pornographic DVDs and had also watched horror films including Child ’s Play and Saw .
The court was also told that the brothers ’ elder sibling was in prison .
The court heard details of the brothers ’ previous convictions .
The older brother has four convictions and a reprimand which date back to August 2007 .
His offences include trying to steal the handbag of a 65 - year - old woman and attacking an eight - year - old boy and his mother .
His brother has one reprimand which was given in March 2009 , just weeks before the Edlington attacks , when he punched a 50 - year - old woman and headbutted a 53 - year - old man .
Earlier the court heard that the brothers told the police had only stopped their assault on their young victims in Edlington after an hour and a half because their arms were sore .
The siblings , aged 10 and 11 at the time , have admitted attacking their victims after luring them away from a playground and are expected to be sentenced today .
Yesterday Sheffield Crown Court was told about what the boys said in police interviews after being arrested following the attacks , which took place in Edlington , south Yorkshire , in April last year .
When asked by officers why he had stopped , the older brother replied : “ Cos I ’d had enough … I did n’t want to do any more …
My arms were aching . ”
He was then asked , on a scale of one to 10 , how close he thought he and his brother had come to killing their victims .
He said eight or nine .
His younger brother , who is now 11 , was asked how he felt after the attacks .
He replied : “ Tired …my arms were hurting . ”
The officer asked : “ If your arms had n’t been aching , would you have carried on ? ”
“ Yeah , ” he replied .
Handwritten letters from both victims have been handed to the judge telling him the impact the attacks have had on their lives .
The elder boy , who is the uncle of the younger victim , says he still has concerns that the defendants will repeat their attack on him , but that his nightmares are less frequent .
The court heard that the younger boy ’s behaviour at school has deteriorated and he does not go out as much as he used to .
Nicholas Campbell QC , prosecuting , added : “ It is also clear that the experience of these two victims have put a real strain on their relationship .
Where they were regularly in each other ’s company now that is no longer the case . ”
Speaking about the victims ’ extended families , Mr Campbell added : “ They have their own anxieties and their own feelings of guilt because of what was perpetrated upon their children when they were not there to protect them . ”
Earlier in the day , the court had heard how both brothers attempted to pin the blame on each other for the attacks .
The elder brother said that his younger brother was responsible for one of the most serious injuries inflicted – a gaping wound to the arm of the younger victim – and that he had look away , telling police : “ I do n’t like looking at other people ’s blood . ”
The older brother also told police of his concern for his victims .
He said that at one point , when the victims were covered with a plastic sheet , he had made holes so the boys could breath .
He also said that he had planned to tell his father about what they had done , because he was worried about the older victim in particular , saying : “ He ’ll freeze to death at night . ”
The younger boy told police the attack had nearly made him sick .
He told police that he had pleaded with his brother to go back and help the older boy , saying : “ It ’s tight just leaving him there to die . ”
Older brother police interview ( extract ) :
Police Officer :
Why have you done all this ?
Boy :
Do n’t know .
‘ Cos there were nowt to do .
He said he had been bored and was asked :
PO : What made you stop ?
B : ‘ Cos I ’d had enough , me .
PO : You ’d had enough ?
B : And I thought it was tight .
PO : What do you mean by you saying ‘ I ’d had enough ’ ?
B : I did n’t want to do any more .
PO : And why did n’t you want to do it anymore ?
B : My arms were aching .
If his arms had not been aching , he said he would have carried on .
Younger brother police interview ( extract ) :
Police Officer :
Have you meant to kill them ?
Boy : No .
PO : Why did you stop ?
B : Erm , he kept screaming , so I stopped it .
He was then told by the police that his brother had said he stopped when his arms got tired .
PO : How were you feeling ?
B : What , when I kept hitting ‘em ?
PO : Afterwards ?
B : Tired …my arms were hurting .
PO : If your arms had n’t been aching , would you have carried on ?
Neal Ford interviews Jay Fields about his new book with Shane Harvie and Martin Fowler , Refactoring : Ruby Edition , why they wrote the book around Ruby and not Dynamic Languages in general , and why he'd take a powerful language over a powerful tool anyday .

Neal Ford :
Why choose Ruby as the target and not do a broader book on Refactoring in Dynamic Languages ?
Jay Fields : I considered it .
The thing is , I 've never delivered a production application in any other Dynamic Language .
I 'm pretty passionate about the opinion that you should only write about things that you 've spent real time working with .
It 's entirely possible to distill someone else 's experiences .
Martin Fowler is amazing at capturing knowledge and creating helpful content that will live on outside of one person 's mind .
However , Martin Fowler is not the norm .
The amount of garbage generated by average programmers making terrible assumptions is appalling .
I refuse to be an author who 's books are based on speculation .
To assume that I could write about refactoring Perl , Python , or any other Dynamic Language without actually doing it would lead to , at best , a waste of the readers time , at worst , I would be to blame for mistakes in production codebases .
I 've personally used every refactoring in Refactoring : Ruby Edition .
If the refactoring is in the catalog , I 've found a context in which I thought it was appropriate .
When you read the book , you can count on the fact that what you are reading about has been successful in the past .
There 's no speculation .
Programming is hard enough when you follow good advise .
Neal :
Do you think that the lack of sophisticated tool support discourages people from doing needed refactorings in large code bases ?
Jay : Yes .
Some people take the leap .
When I 'm doing Ruby I miss " rename method " and " extract variable " ( I use TextMate ) .
But , in general I find that with a more powerful language I miss the refactoring support less .
Plus , the interesting refactorings can't be automated anyway .
Would a powerful tool be helpful , absolutely , but it 's definitely not required .
However , none of that really matters .
The people making decisions give Ruby a look and dismiss it because of missing tool support without giving it the time it would take to realize that you do n't strictly need a powerful tool if you have a powerful language .
It 's a shame .
But , then again , it gives all of the rubyists an edge .
Neal : Given that you 've worked on large scale .
NET , Java , and Ruby projects , do Ruby projects tend to end up with less , the same , or more refactorings ?
Jay : Ruby projects tend to have far less and much smaller refactorings .
Java and .NET both require you to have strong knowledge of patterns .
Patterns are cool and fun to refactor towards and away from .
Unfortunately , they are also a sign that we are trapped by our language .
You often run into a roadblock when using Java or .NET and you introduce an elegant pattern to solve the issue .
You pat yourself on the back and probably show some team - mates your beautiful implementation .
A few weeks later , a corner case breaks the whole thing down .
You spend 2 days refactoring away from the previous perfect solution to another , less elegant , but appropriate pattern .
It 's a lot of " introduce variable " , " remove middle man " , moving files and deleting files .
The result is beautiful ... for Java or .NET .
We do n't have that in the Ruby world .
You solve problems with less code .
You metaprogram your way out of repetition , or delegation , or structural duplication .
When corner - cases arise , a few tweaks usually do the trick .
Which leads back to why tool support is n't strictly required .
But , you have to make the leap to experience it .
Neal :
What percentage of the refactorings you 've identified are different from the original Refactoring book ?
What do you think drives the differences ?
Jay : I like to tell people that 30 % of the content is new .
It might actually be more .
There 's not a sentence in the book that has n't been judged by the authors .
The book definitely started out as a code example port , but it 's very far from that in it 's final form .
Stuart Halloway gets credit for pushing us to create new content .
I think a port of the original would have been valuable for the Ruby community ; however , I 'm much more proud of the final product .
Martin and I differ on whether you should bother to read this version if you read the original .
Yes , a lot of the content is extremely similar .
However , some of the Ruby specific stuff is n't available anywhere else .
Several of the refactorings that Shane and I spent months describing were really helpful to us and can save a Rubyist a lot of time .
At worst you can skim the information you already know and still get the benefits of reading the new content .
Neal :
What is the fastest land animal ?
Jay : Me , looking for a drink after a day of discussing process instead of coding .
Neal :
Do the powerful features of Ruby ( i.e. , meta - programming , runtime evaluation , etc. ) make it harder to think about refactorings ?
Do you think that discourages refactoring ?
Jay : I think problems are solved differently .
When you have more power you tend to create different solutions .
Sometimes they are later determined to be " hacks " .
But , most often the solutions are less code , easier to understand ( more straight - forward , less pattern ) , and perfectly adequate .
And , most code with those characteristics does n't need to be refactored very often .
I do n't think it 's harder to think about refactorings in Ruby though .
In fact , with less code , it 's usually more more obvious how things need to change .
Neal :
Do you think we 'll ever have tools for refactoring as sophisticated as the ones for Java ?
Why or why not ?
Does it matter at the end of the day ?
Jay : I think there are people who benefit from sophisticated refactoring tools , so I imagine they will be created .
But , like I said previously , when your language is powerful , it really does n't matter at the end of the day .
I 've been doing a lot of Clojure these days and it's only reinforced this belief .
Clojure refactoring support might actually be worse than Ruby , and I still find myself significantly more productive than when I work with Java or .NET .
I 'll take a powerful language over a powerful tool anyday .
Neal :
Which refactoring that you guys identified surprised you the most ?
Jay :
It took so long to write the book that I can't remember specific refactorings that surprised me .
However , I do remember being surprised by how many additional refactorings we identified .
Once we started writing new material additional material kept emerging .
I really started thinking that there would be less than 10 % of new material .
I was definitely wrong , and I 'm glad I was .
Neal : Given all the work and innovation you 've done for Domain Specific Languages in Ruby , do DSLs lend themselves to refactoring as much as traditional Command / Query APIs ?
Jay :
That 's really a question that requires a lot more context .
I 'd say in general there 's little difference when it comes to refactoring ; however , outside factors such as who is using the DSL impact whether it 's even possible to refactor a DSL .
If you own all the DSL using code , you have freedom .
If others rely on the code , a refactoring can be tricky business .
Neal :
What is the role of testing for refactoring in Ruby ?
Do different levels of testing ( unit , functional , integration , user acceptance , etc ) affect decisions about refactoring ?
What about newer testing frameworks like RSpec and Cucumber ?
Jay : I really do n't see any difference in what level of testing I do based upon the language .
In Ruby and any other language , Refactoring without tests is a silly idea and an easy way to look like a fool .
The Ruby community does tend to have a vibrant testing community ; therefore , refactoring is probably more prevalent .
However , the unclear view of testing best practices plagues the Ruby community just like everywhere else .
The newer testing frameworks are good for pushing us to the next level of maturity ; however , the Ruby community is just as good at failing with the new tools as the Java community is at failing with JUnit .
There are contextual testing best practices , but they 're so young it 's impossible to declare any of them effective widely .
No one has figured out how to test well in any language .
Neal :
Do you think that refactoring Rails projects is easier or harder than non-Rails projects ?
Why ?
Jay : I think the only Ruby work I ever did was with Rails , so I wo n't bother to speculate .
( I 'm sticking to my stance from my first answer . )
Thanks for taking the time Neal .
It 's always a pleasure .
eyevine
The last tequila is on me
Correction to this article
THE statue looks at first like a narrow , windowless office building towering over the skyline of Tultitlán , a working - class suburb of Mexico City .
In fact it is of Santa Muerte ( “ Holy Death ” ) , the image of a skeleton , clad in hood and tunic and bearing a scythe and globe , that some 2 m Mexicans are said to worship .
Surrounding it are three small altars , one placed there after the man who paid for the statue , Jonathan Legaria , murdered in 2008 aged just 26 .
Some anthropologists link the cult to Aztec underworld gods .
David Romo , the priest at the One and Only National Sanctuary of Santa Muerte — thus called because there are two rivals — insists the image originated in Italy during bubonic plague .
Either way over the past decade the cult has grown rapidly .
Mexico has a rich syncretic tradition .
Its patron , the Virgin of Guadalupe , is venerated by many Mexican Indians as an Aztec goddess .
Santa Muerte is even more accommodating : she accepts offerings of beer and tequila , and is thought by believers to protect criminals and the law - abiding alike and to be amenable to all petitions .
“ Death to my enemies ” is inscribed on the candleholders in Mr Romo 's church .
She is very popular in jails .
She is sometimes portrayed smoking a joint .
Mexico's Catholic bishops have denounced Santa Muerte as a satanic cult that promotes violence .
The government withdrew official recognition from Mr Romo 's church after he incorporated her into its rituals .
Last March the army destroyed some 30 Santa Muerte altars in the northern state of Nuevo León , saying they were linked to drug traffickers .
In response , devotees staged rallies in Mexico City demanding religious freedom , and insisting that they come from all walks of life .
Indeed , some police and soldiers fighting the narcos ask Santa Muerte to bless their weapons .
Santa Muerte has become a good business .
A biweekly magazine devoted to the cult is sold at most news - stands .
Mr Romo's church sells Santa Muerte books and paraphernalia , and collects tithes .
“ Tuesday is my birthday , ” he declared at the close of a recent mass , “ and I need special new glasses that cost $ 500 .
Here 's my basket . ”
Correction :
We originally wrote that the army destroyed 30 Santa Muerte altars in the state of Nuevo Laredo .
We should have written “ Nuevo León ” .
This was corrected on January 15th 2010 .
( Photo from Flickr by PhotosNormandie .
Some rights reserved . )
You 'll have noticed the PDA blog 's report about the latest estimates of how many iPhones have been sold - a solid 9.1 m and counting .
But you might have wondered how the process of simply asking people for their phone 's serial number , IMEI number and date of purchase would allow someone to make such a specific calculation of the number sold ( which , according to the spreadsheet , was 9,190,680 ) .
The answer : tanks .
Well , the same process that allowed the Allies to calculate how many tanks the Nazis were producing during World War II .
You can read Gavyn Davies 's full - length account , or we 'll give you the extracted version here .
It goes like this :
By 1941 - 42 , the allies knew that US and even British tanks had been technically superior to German Panzer tanks in combat , but they were worried about the capabilities of the new marks IV and V .
More troubling , they had really very little idea of how many tanks the enemy was capable of producing in a year .
Without this information , they were unsure whether any invasion of the continent on the western front could succeed .
They could try spying on factories , or count tanks in the field .
This was easier .
Even better : get the serial numbers from the tanks , and estimate from this how many were being built .
The basic idea was that the highest serial number among the captured tanks could be used to calculate the overall total .
The German tanks were numbered as follows : 1 , 2 , 3 ... N , where N was the desired total number of tanks produced .
Imagine that they had captured five tanks , with serial numbers 20 , 31 , 43 , 78 and 92 .
They now had a sample of five , with a maximum serial number of 92 .
Call the sample size S and the maximum serial number M. After some experimentation with other series , the statisticians reckoned that a good estimator of the number of tanks would probably be provided by the simple equation ( M - 1 ) ( S+1 ) / S.
In the example given , this translates to ( 92 - 1 ) ( 5+1 ) / 5 , which is equal to 109.2 .
Therefore the estimate of tanks produced at that time would be 109
The maths wonks reckoned the Germans were making 246 ( precisely ) tanks per month between June 1940 and September 1942 .
Intelligence scoffed .
Their number was much higher - those damn Germans were turning out 1,400 per month !
German production records captured after the war showed that there were actually 245 made per month .
Score one to the maths wonks .
( They then lost it all by betting on credit default swaps , but that 's another story . )
The process works , basicaly , when you 're trying to find out the production of a public item from a secretive organisation .
In fact if you really felt like it you could get people to pony up the serial numbers of their MacBooks / MacBook Pros / other Apple items , and it would probably help you to figure out Apple 's production ( depending , very much , on the size of the sample ) .
Then again , it tells you how many it sells each quarter .
German tanks , iPhones .. what else needs calculating , do you think ?
Status updates are the bane of common decency .
Â
The constant pressure to update one ’s status means that people inevitably turn to easy , convenient , and thoughtless manners in which to do so .
Â
Not that music lyrics are the worst thing someone could post , but then again , neither are they particularly adding to anyone ’s thoughts beyond what Amanda is expressing here .
Jimmy has a real problem with talking while chewing .
Â
That ’s a dead end street , man .
Scientists have unearthed a completely new species of spider hiding in sand dunes on the Israel - Jordan border .
With a legspan that stretches 5.5 inches , the spider , called Cerbalus aravensis , is the biggest of its type in the Middle East .
" It is rare to find a new species of spider – at least around this part of the world – which is so big , " said biologist Uri Shanas of the University of Haifa - Oranim in Israel , who discovered the arachnid .
Most of Cerbalus aravensis 's habits remain a mystery , but the researchers say it is nocturnal and most active during the blazing summer heat .
The spider lives in an underground den , hidden by a door that swings upwards to welcome unsuspecting prey like lizards and insects .
To make the camouflage door , the spider patches together bits of sand .
The researchers believe the spider uses a " sit- and - wait " hunting strategy , biding its time till prey approach , Shanas said .
Unfortunately , the spider ’s habitat is under immediate threat , he said .
The Israeli government recently approved mining operations in the region , which could wipe out the creature .
Images : 1 ) Yael Olek / University of Haifa .
2 ) Roy Talbi / University of Haifa
See Also :
Three men , including an Iranian - born chemical engineer living in Glendale , have been charged in a scheme to smuggle sophisticated industrial components into Iran that could be used in the development of a nuclear weapon , authorities said Wednesday .
The case has drawn interest at the highest levels of government , an official with Immigration and Customs Enforcement told The Times .
The charges come as the U.S. is rallying allies to block Iran ’s nuclear ambitions .
Authorities allege that the men were attempting to smuggle high - grade vacuum pumps and other items into Iran in violation of federal trade laws and U.S. sanctions against the country .
Investigators ’ suspicions were heightened by the great lengths to which the defendants went to hide their alleged activities .
“ These were educated men , ” said Louis Rodi , a top supervisor in the Los Angeles ICE office .
“ These individuals knew what they were doing . ”
According to an indictment filed in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles , Jiraiir Avanessian , 56 , of Glendale was paid several hundred thousand dollars to ship “ high dollar vacuum pumps and pump related ” equipment to Iran .
SANAA ( Reuters ) - Yemen said its security forces backed by warplanes killed up to 30 al Qaeda militants on Thursday , and a security source said the operations had foiled a planned series of suicide bombings .
A soldier stands guard near the historical city of Shibam ( in background ) in south - eastern Yemen , March 17 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Khaled Abdullah
According to a government website , Yemeni forces hit a number of al Qaeda targets including a training center in the southern province of Abyan .
This had led to the killing of 24 - 30 militants including foreigners , it said , without giving their nationalities .
The security source told Reuters that altogether 34 al Qaeda militants had been killed and 17 arrested in Abyan and in Arhab district , northeast of the capital Sanaa .
“ The operation led to the foiling of an al Qaeda plan aiming to hit foreign and local interests and schools , including eight suicide bombers who were preparing explosive belts to carry out the plan , ” the source said .
An opposition website quoted sources in Abyan as saying 53 people were killed there , including local al Qaeda leaders , but that most of the victims were women and children .
As well as fighting al Qaeda militants , Yemen , the Arab world ’s poorest country , is battling a separate Shi’ite rebellion in the north and separatist unrest in the south .
Analysts say such conflicts , along with falling oil income , water shortages and a humanitarian crisis , add to instability in a region that includes oil superpower Saudi Arabia and one of the world ’s busiest shipping lanes .
SAUDI OFFENSIVE
The conflict in northern Yemen drew in Saudi Arabia last month when the rebels briefly occupied some Saudi territory , prompting Riyadh to launch a military offensive against them .
The rebels accuse Riyadh of backing Sanaa militarily since the war started .
The world ’s largest oil exporter , Saudi Arabia fears the growing instability in Yemen could turn into a big security threat for the kingdom by allowing al Qaeda to gain a stronger foothold in Yemen .
The Gulf Arab emirate of Abu Dhabi said on Wednesday it was giving a 2.39 billion dirham ( $ 650 million ) grant to Yemen to finance energy , housing , healthcare and infrastructure projects .
A senior Gulf official said on Tuesday the U.S. - allied six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council had agreed to create a joint rapid deployment force to tackle security threats in the region .
The force would intervene in situations similar to the incursion into Saudi Arabia by the Yemeni rebels , said Abdul - Rahman al - Attiyah , secretary - general of the GCC , which comprises Saudi Arabia , Qatar , the United Arab Emirates , Oman , Bahrain and Kuwait .
Diplomats say oil - rich GCC states are increasingly willing to help Yemen tackle its problems after a period in which they viewed the country with suspicion in the wake of its support for Iraq during the Iraq - Kuwait crisis of 1990 - 91 .
' Grid cells ' that act like a spatial map in the brain have been identified for the first time in humans , according to new research by UCL scientists which may help to explain how we create internal maps of new environments .
The study is by a team from the UCL Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience and was funded by the Medical Research Council and the European Union .
Published today in Nature , it uses brain imaging and virtual reality techniques to try to identify grid cells in the human brain .
These specialised neurons are thought to be involved in spatial memory and have previously been identified in rodent brains , but evidence of them in humans has not been documented until now .
Grid cells represent where an animal is located within its environment , which the researchers liken to having a satnav in the brain .
They fire in patterns that show up as geometrically regular , triangular grids when plotted on a map of a navigated surface .
They were discovered by a Norwegian lab in 2005 whose research suggested that rats create virtual grids to help them orient themselves in their surroundings , and remember new locations in unfamiliar territory .
Study co-author Dr Caswell Barry said : " It is as if grid cells provide a cognitive map of space .
In fact , these cells are very much like the longitude and latitude lines we 're all familiar with on normal maps , but instead of using square grid lines it seems the brain uses triangles .
Lead author Dr Christian Doeller added : " Although we can't see the grid cells directly in the brain scanner , we can pick up the regular six - fold symmetry that is a signature of this type of firing pattern .
Interestingly , the study participants with the clearest signs of grid cells were those who performed best in the virtual reality spatial memory task , suggesting that the grid cells help us to remember the locations of objects . "
Professor Neil Burgess , who leads the team , commented : " The parts of the brain which show signs of grid cells - the hippocampal formation and associated brain areas - are already known to help us navigate our environment and are also critical for autobiographical memory .
This means that grid cells may help us to find our way to the right memory as well as finding our way through our environment .
These brain areas are also amongst the first to be affected by Alzheimer 's disease which may explain why getting lost is one of the most common early symptoms of this disease . "
###
Notes to Editors
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Michelle Roberts
Health reporter , BBC News
Scientists have unlocked the entire genetic code of two of the most common cancers - skin and lung - a move they say could revolutionise cancer care .
Not only will the cancer maps pave the way for blood tests to spot tumours far earlier , they will also yield new drug targets , says the Wellcome Trust team .
Scientists around the globe are now working to catalogue all the genes that go wrong in many types of human cancer .
The UK is looking at breast cancer , Japan at liver and India at mouth .
China is studying stomach cancer , and the US is looking at cancers of the brain , ovary and pancreas .
These catalogues are going to change the way we think about individual cancers
Wellcome Trust scientist Professor Michael Stratton
The International Cancer Genome Consortium scientists from the 10 countries involved say it will take them at least five years and many hundreds of thousands of dollars to complete this mammoth task .
But once they have done this , patients will reap the benefits .
Professor Michael Stratton , who is the UK lead , said : " These catalogues are going to change the way we think about individual cancers .
" By identifying all the cancer genes we will be able to develop new drugs that target the specific mutated genes and work out which patients will benefit from these novel treatments .
" We can envisage a time when following the removal of a cancer cataloguing it will become routine . "
It could even be possible to develop MoT - style blood tests for healthy adults that can check for tell - tale DNA patterns suggestive of cancer .
Russian roulette
The scientists found the DNA code for a skin cancer called melanoma contained more than 30,000 errors almost entirely caused by too much sun exposure .
Most of the time the mutations will land in innocent parts of the genome , but some will hit the right targets for cancer
Wellcome Trust researcher Dr Peter Campbell
The lung cancer DNA code had more than 23,000 errors largely triggered by cigarette smoke exposure .
From this , the experts estimate a typical smoker acquires one new mutation for every 15 cigarettes they smoke .
Although many of these mutations will be harmless , some will trigger cancer .
Wellcome Trust researcher Dr Peter Campbell , who conducted this research , published in the journal Nature , said : " It 's like playing Russian roulette .
" Most of the time the mutations will land in innocent parts of the genome , but some will hit the right targets for cancer . "
By quitting smoking , people could reduce their cancer risk back down to " normal " with time , he said .
The suspicion is lung cells containing mutations are eventually replaced with new ones free of genetic errors .
By studying the cancer catalogues in detail , the scientists say it should be possible to find exactly which lifestyle and environmental factors trigger different tumours .
Treatment and prevention Tom Haswell , who was successfully treated 15 years ago for lung cancer , believes the research will benefit the next generation : " For future patients I think it 's tremendous news because hopefully treatments can be targeted to their particular genome mutations , hopefully ... reducing some of the side effects we get " .
Cancer experts have applauded the work .
The Institute of Cancer Research said : " This is the first time that a complete cancer genome has been sequenced and similar insights into other cancer genomes are likely to follow .
" As more cancer genomes are revealed by this technique , we will gain a greater understanding of how cancer is caused and develops , improving our ability to prevent , treat and cure cancer . "
Professor Carlos Caldas , from Cancer Research UK's Cambridge Research Institute called the research " groundbreaking " .
" Like molecular archaeologists , these researchers have dug through layers of genetic information to uncover the history of these patients ' disease .
" What is so new in this study is the researchers have been able to link particular mutations to their cause .
" The hope and excitement for the future is that we will eventually have detailed picture of how different cancers develop , and ultimately how better to treat and prevent them . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With the help of enhanced imagery and an expert in Elizabethan script , archaeologists are beginning to unravel the meaning of mysterious text and images etched into a rare 400 - year - old slate tablet discovered this past summer at Jamestown , Virginia , the first permanent English settlement in America .
Digitally enhanced images of the slate are helping to isolate inscriptions and illuminate fine details on the slate — the first with extensive inscriptions discovered at any early American colonial site , said William Kelso , director of research and interpretation at the 17th - century Historic Jamestowne site ( Jamestown map ) .
The enhancements have helped researchers identify a 16th - century writing style used on the slate and discern new symbols , researchers announced last week .
The characters may be from an obscure Algonquian Indian alphabet created by an English scientist to help explorers pronounce the language spoken by the Virginia Indians .
" Just like finding the Rosetta Stone led to a better understanding of the Egyptians , this tablet is beginning to add significantly to our understanding of the earliest years at Jamestown , " Kelso said .
It conveys messages about literacy , art , symbols and signs personally communicated by the colonists who used it , he explained .
" What other single artifact has been found that has so much to tell ? "
Both sides of the scratched and worn 5 - by - 8 inch ( 13 - by - 20 centimeter ) tablet are covered with words , symbols , numbers , and drawings of people , plants , and birds that its owner or other users likely encountered in the New World .
There are differences in the style of handwriting , which may mean that more than one person used the tablet as a sketch pad and possibly for writing rough drafts of documents , Kelso noted .
Enhanced Images
To help researchers decipher the inscriptions , curators at the Smithsonian Institution 's Museum Conservation Institute recently produced enhanced images of the slate through a process known as reflectance transformation imaging .
Hundreds of high - resolution digital images were taken of the tablet using multiple angled lights to exaggerate the appearance of grooves in the slate 's surface — like watching the sun rise and set on an object .
The images on the slate are difficult to see with the naked eye , because they are the same dark gray color as the slate and they overlap .
Colonists would have written on it with a pencil made of slate that left white marks .
The marks could be wiped off , but fortunately for archaeologists today , the pencil had a sharp point that also left scratches on the tablet that could n't be erased completely .
As a result , there are layers upon layers of inscriptions .
Elizabethan Script Analysis
Based on an initial examination of images , Heather Wolfe , curator of manuscripts and an expert in Elizabethan script at the Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington , D.C. , thinks that much of the cursive writing on the slate appears to be written in secretary hand , the main form of cursive handwriting taught in England during the early 16th and 17th centuries .
" Many of the letter forms are different from the forms used today .
You need special training to understand them , " Wolfe said .
So far , the words " Abraham " and " book " appear to be visible , and she has been able to identify some individual letters .
She hopes to be able to decipher more of the text using the images taken by the Smithsonian that provide finer details .
Unfortunately only a portion of the text survived ; parts of letters and some words are missing .
Wolfe explained that the practice of using erasable slates for drafting music and teaching the alphabet and spelling goes back to the 16th and 17th centuries , but they were so fragile , they usually broke .
Finding a largely intact slate like this one is " very rare , " Wolfe said .
" The slate provides a unique window into a practice that we 've known about , but that we have n't seen before . "
Algonquian Pronunciation Symbols
Historic Jamestowne's Kelso said the enhanced images also revealed two symbols that are similar to characters in a phonetic Algonquian alphabet invented in 1585 by Thomas Hariot .
The English scientist participated in the expedition to establish an ill - fated colony on Roanoke Island — in what is now North Carolina — for his patron , Sir Walter Raleigh , that same year .
( Related : " Search for America 's ' Lost Colony ' Gets New Boost . " )
It was n't until after archaeologists had discovered the slate that Kelso was made aware of the 36 - character alphabet by a researcher attending one of Kelso 's lectures .
The alphabet survives as a manuscript in the library of the Westminster School in London .
Kelso said there are also documented references to a dictionary of the Algonquian language , which some scholars think Hariot developed , since he had had the opportunity to learn the language from Native Americans who returned to England with the explorers .
Fire destroyed the dictionary in 1666 , and there are no surviving copies , he said .
" When I found out about it , " Kelso said , " the probability that the European explorers likely showed up at Jamestown with bilingual dictionaries , ready to communicate with the Indians , made perfect sense , " he said .
Other details revealed through the enhanced images will help researchers determine the sequence of the inscriptions .
" In a way , it 's a mini-archaeology site .
If one groove cuts across another groove , you can tell which one was the most recent , " Kelso said .
Smithsonian curators also used x-ray fluorescence to identify the chemical composition of the slate and create a geological profile .
The results will be compared to slate samples from different locations in Europe to learn the origin of the slate .
Found in John Smith's Well
Archaeologists discovered the slate in the center of James Fort in a well most likely built in 1609 under the direction of Capt .
John Smith , a founding leader of Jamestown , which was established in 1607 .
When the water in the well went bad , colonists used the well as a trash pit .
They discarded the tablet and thousands of other artifacts during the winter of 1609 - 10 , called the Starving Time .
Near the slate , archaeologists found butchered bones from horses and dogs , which may date to the same period , when the fort was under siege and colonists resorted to eating their domestic animals .
Only about 60 of 200 people survived the winter .
Archaeologists reached the bottom of the 14 - foot - deep ( 4.2 - meter - deep ) barrel - lined well in December .
They are currently analyzing , conserving and restoring the rest of the enormous and unprecedented collection of artifacts .
The analysis is expected to lead to a better understanding of the colony 's difficult early years .
Whose Slate Was It ?
Kelso speculates that the slate belonged to William Strachey , the first secretary of the Jamestown colony .
Strachey had legal training , so he would have known how to write using secretary hand .
He was also among the 140 castaways from the Sea Venture , an English ship that sailed for Jamestown in 1609 with supplies and more settlers to reinforce the colony .
The ship was wrecked in a storm and its passengers were stranded in Bermuda for ten months .
After building two new ships , they arrived at Jamestown in the spring of 1610 , in time to help those who had survived the winter .
Previously identified drawings on the slate may indicate that the owner traveled through Bermuda .
These include a palmetto tree and possibly a cahow — a rare seabird that nests only in Bermuda .
Drawings of rampant lions , used in the English coat of arms during the 1603 - 25 reign of King James I , were also identified earlier and suggest that the owner was involved with government and armorial drawings — evidence that Kelso believes also may point to Strachey .
In the months to come , the Jamestown slate will continue to undergo a variety of nondestructive analytical tests .
" We have only begun to bleed the secrets out of this extraordinary object , " Kelso said .
I ’m a huge game , but I spend very little time with the Wii .
With a few exceptions , I just do n’t think most of the games released for it are very interesting .
On the other hand , the Wii has produced a lot of interesting experiments that are n’t ( yet ) possible on other gaming platforms .
The latest one to catch my eye is WiiSpray , the graffiti program created by German students Martin Lihs and Frank Matuse .
By plugging the Wii Remote into a spraycan - shaped peripheral , users can create virtual tagging projects that can be saved and re-edited later .
It ’s pretty cool stuff , as you can see in the videos below .
It would be hard to call this a legitimate video game , rather an interactive art program .
I ’d love to give it a try , but I ’m fairly confident that will never happen .
The Wii software market has been softening up for months now , so an experimental program like this is going to have a hard time attracting a publisher .
Wii Spray Stencil – Beta from Martin Lihs on Vimeo .
The television industry had switched from diary entries to metered ratings in 1987 and had seen similarly surprising changes  young men , for instance , watched cartoons much more heavily than they had reported doing , said Gary Holmes , a spokesman for Nielsen .
But it took the radio industry almost two decades to catch up .
Since the 1960s Arbitron , the main radio ratings company , has relied on paper diaries .
It currently asks about 800,000 people annually to log a week of listening habits .
Problems have been numerous : people ’s recollection was imperfect , if they listened to a station briefly they could forget it , and they might overstate listening to stations that they felt reflected better taste .
“ People tended to look at it almost like an election  they would vote for the things they liked , ” said Jaye Albright , an industry consultant with Albright & O’Malley , a radio consultancy .
In 2007 , Arbitron formally introduced the Portable People Meter , a pagerlike device that about 57,000 survey participants carried around all day .
After introducing the device in 2007 in two cities , Philadelphia and Houston , last year Arbitron moved it to 12 major areas including New York , Chicago and Los Angeles , added 19 more this year and expects most major markets to be measured by the end of 2010 .
“ Advertisers were demanding it , ” said Alton L. Adams , Arbitron ’s chief marketing officer .
Now , with a year of data from the early converts , researchers are finding intriguing patterns .
Men had been thought to make up 34.7 percent of the soft - rock audience , according to Arbitron Radio Today 2008 , based largely on paper entries .
This month , Research Director and the publication Inside Radio released their analysis of meter - only cities from July through October , showing men make up 40.1 percent of the total light - rock audience , a jump of 16 percent .
“ It caught people by surprise , ” said Charlie Sislen , president of Research Director .
“ It may be a case where men did n’t want to admit they were listening to a light A.C. , ” said Greg Ashlock , president and market manager for Los Angeles at Clear Channel , using industry shorthand for adult contemporary , or soft rock .
“ ‘ No , I do n’t listen to Céline Dion .
I ’m a sports guy . ’ ”
Some male soft - rock listeners say they simply like the music .
Ezra Feinberg , 33 , a psychologist in San Francisco , listens to KOIT , a soft - rock station , on his commute .
“ One in 10 songs on soft - rock radio resonates , but it really resonates , ” he said .
The Swiss efforts are being closely watched in the United States , where the energy department is sponsoring more than 120 geothermal energy projects in several states .
A leading US company , AltaRock Energy , in September stopped drilling at one key development site north of San Francisco , citing drilling difficulties , but said quake fears were not a factor .
What can we expect as we enter the second decade of the twenty first century ?
What are the emerging technology trends that are going to be hitting the headlines over the next ten years ?
Ten years ago , at the close of the 20th century , people the world over were obsessing about the millennium bug – an unanticipated glitch arising from an earlier technology .
I wonder how clear it was then that , despite this storm in what turned out to be a rather small teacup , the following decade would see unprecedented advances in technology – the mapping of the human genome , social media , nanotechnology , space - tourism , face transplants , hybrid cars , global communications , digital storage , and more .
Looking back , it ’s clear that despite a few hiccups , emerging technologies are on a roll – one that ’s showing no sign of slowing down .
Here ’s my list of the top ten technologies I think are worth watching .
I ’m afraid that , as with all crystal ball gazing , it ’s bound to be flawed .
Yet as I work on the opportunities and challenges of emerging technologies , these do seem to be areas that are ripe for prime time .
Geoengineering
2009 was the year that geoengineering moved from the fringe to the mainstream .
The idea of engineering the climate on a global scale has been around for a while .
But as the penny has dropped that we may be unable – or unwilling – to curb carbon dioxide emissions sufficiently to manage global warming , geoengineering has risen up the political agenda .
My guess is that the next decade will see the debate over geoengineering intensify .
Research will lead to increasingly plausible and economically feasible ways to tinker with the environment .
At the same time , political and social pressure will grow – both to put plans into action ( whether multi- or unilaterally ) , and to limit the use of geoengineering .
The big question is whether globally - coordinated efforts to develop and use the technology in a socially and politically responsible way emerge , or whether we end up with an ugly – and potentially disastrous – free for all .
Smart grids
It may not be that apparent to the average consumer , but the way that electricity is generated , stored and transmitted is under immense strain .
As demand for electrical power grows , a radical rethink of the power grid is needed if we are to get electricity to where it is needed , when it is needed .
And the solution most likely to emerge as the way forward over the next ten years is the Smart Grid .
Smart grids connect producers of electricity to users through an interconnected “ intelligent ” network .
They allow centralized power stations to be augmented with – and even replaced by – distributed sources such as small - scale wind farms and domestic solar panels .
They route power from where there is excess being generated to where there is excess demand .
And they allow individuals to become providers as well as consumers – feeding power into the grid from home - installed generators , while drawing from the grid when they can’t meet their own demands .
The result is a vastly more efficient , responsive and resilient way of generating and supplying electricity .
As energy demands and limits on greenhouse gas emissions hit conventional electricity grids over the next decade , expect to see smart grids get increasing attention .
Radical materials
Good as they are , most of the materials we use these days are flawed – they do n’t work as well as they could .
And usually , the fault lies in how the materials are structured at the atomic and molecular scale .
The past decade has seen some amazing advances in our ability to engineer materials with increasing precision at this scale .
The result is radical materials – materials that far outperform conventional materials in their strength , lightness , conductivity , ability to transmit heat , and a whole host of other characteristics .
Many of these are still at the research stage .
But as demands for high performance materials continue to increase everywhere from medical devices to advanced microprocessors and safe , efficient cars to space flight , radical materials will become increasingly common .
In particular , watch out for products based on carbon nanotubes .
Commercial use of this unique material has had its fair share of challenges over the past decade .
But I ’m anticipating many of these will be overcome over the next ten years , allowing the material to achieve at least some of it ’s long - anticipated promise .
Synthetic biology
Ten years ago , few people had heard of the term “ synthetic biology . ”
Now , scientists are able to synthesize the genome of a new organism from scratch , and are on the brink of using it to create a living bacteria .
Synthetic biology is about taking control of DNA – the genetic code of life – and engineering it , much in the same way a computer programmer engineers digital code .
It ’s arisen in part as the cost of reading and synthesizing DNA sequences has plummeted .
But it is also being driven by scientists and engineers who believe that living systems can be engineered in the same way as other systems .
In many ways , synthetic biology represents the digitization of biology .
We can now “ upload ” genetic sequences into a computer , where they can be manipulated like any other digital data .
But we can also “ download ” them back into reality when we have finished playing with them – creating new genetic code to be inserted into existing – or entirely new – organisms .
This is still expensive , and not as simple as many people would like to believe – we ’re really just scratching the surface of the rules that govern how genetic code works .
But as the cost of DNA sequencing and synthesis continues to fall , expect to see the field advance in huge leaps and bounds over the next decade .
I ’m not that optimistic about us cracking how the genetic code works in great detail by 2020 – the more we learn at the moment , the more we realize we do n’t know .
However , I have no doubt that what we do learn will be enough to ensure synthetic biology is a hot topic over the next decade .
In particular , look out for synthesis of the first artificial organism , the development and use of “ BioBricks ” – the biological equivalent of electronic components – and the rise of DIY - biotechnology .
Personal genomics
Closely related to the developments underpinning synthetic biology , personal genomics relies on rapid sequencing and interpretation of an individual ’s genetic sequence .
The Human Genome Project – completed in 2001 – cost taxpayers around $ 2.7 billion dollars , and took 13 years to complete .
In 2007 , James Watson ’s genome was sequenced in 2 months , at a cost of $ 2 million .
In 2009 , Complete Genomics were sequencing personal genomes at less than $ 5,000 a shot .
One thousand dollar personal genomes are now in the cards for the near future – with the possibility of substantially faster / cheaper services by the end of the decade .
What exactly people are going to do with all these data is anyone ’s guess at this point – especially as we still have a long way to go before we can make sense of huge sections of the human genome .
Add to this the complication of epigenetics , where external factors lead to changes in how genetic information is decoded which can pass from generation to generation , and and it ’s uncertain how far personal genomics will progress over the next decade .
What are n’t in doubt though are the personal , social and economic driving forces behind generating and using this information .
These are likely to underpin a growing market for personal genetic information over the next decade – and a growing number of businesses looking to capitalize on the data .
Bio-interfaces
Blurring the boundaries between individuals and machines has long held our fascination .
Whether it ’s building human - machine hybrids , engineering high performance body parts or interfacing directly with computers , bio-interfaces are the stuff of our wildest dreams and worst nightmares .
Fortunately , we ’re still a world away from some of the more extreme imaginings of science fiction – we wo n’t be constructing the prototype of Star Trek Voyager ’s Seven of Nine anytime soon .
But the sophistication with which we can interface with the human body is fast reaching the point where rapid developments should be anticipated .
As a hint of things to come , check out the Luke Arm from Deka ( founded by Dean Kamen ) .
Or Honda ’s work on Brain Machine Interfaces .
Over the next decade , the convergence of technologies like Information Technology , nanoscale engineering , biotechnology and neurotechnology are likely to lead to highly sophisticated bio-interfaces .
Expect to see advances in sensors that plug into the brain , prosthetic limbs that are controlled from the brain , and even implants that directly interface with the brain .
My guess is that some of the more radical developments in bio-interfaces will probably occur after 2020 .
But a lot of the groundwork will be laid over the next ten years .
Data interfaces
The amount of information available through the internet has exploded over the past decade .
Advances in data storage , transmission and processing have transformed the internet from a geek ’s paradise to a supporting pillar of 21st century society .
But while the last ten years have been about access to information , I suspect that the next ten will be dominated by how to make sense of it all .
Without the means to find what we want in this vast sea of information , we are quite literally drowning in data .
And useful as search engines like Google are , they still struggle to separate the meaningful from the meaningless .
As a result , my sense is that over the next decade we will see some significant changes in how we interact with the internet .
We ’re already seeing the beginnings of this in websites like Wolfram Alpha that “ computes ” answers to queries rather than simply returning search hits , or Microsoft ’s Bing , which helps take some of the guesswork out of searches .
Then we have ideas like The Sixth Sense project at the MIT Media Lab , which uses an interactive interface to tap into context - relevant web information .
As devices like phones , cameras , projectors , TV’s , computers , cars , shopping trolleys , you name it , become increasingly integrated and connected , be prepared to see rapid and radical changes in how we interface with and make sense of the web .
Solar power
Is the next decade going to be the one where solar power fulfills its promise ?
Quite possibly .
Apart from increased political and social pressure to move towards sustainable energy sources , there are a couple of solar technologies that could well deliver over the next few years .
The first of these is printable solar cells .
They wo n’t be significantly more efficient than conventional solar cells .
But if the technology can be scaled up and some teething difficulties resolved , they could lead to the cost of solar power plummeting .
The technology is simple in concept – using relatively conventional printing processes and special inks , solar cells could be printed onto cheap , flexible substrates ; roll to roll solar panels at a fraction of the cost of conventional silicon - based units .
And this opens the door to widespread use .
The second technology to watch is solar - assisted reactors .
Combining mirror - concentrated solar radiation with some nifty catalysts , it is becoming increasingly feasible to convert sunlight into other forms of energy at extremely high efficiencies .
Imagine being able to split water into hydrogen and oxygen using sunlight and an appropriate catalyst for instance , then recombine them to reclaim the energy on - demand – all at minimal energy loss .
Both of these solar technologies are poised to make a big impact over the next decade .
Nootropics
Drugs that enhance mental ability – increasingly referred to as nootropics – are not new .
But their use patterns are .
Drugs like ritalin , donepezil and modafinil are increasingly being used by students , academics and others to give them a mental edge .
What is startling though is a general sense that this is acceptable practice .
Back in June , I ran a straw poll on 2020 Science to gauge attitudes to using nootropics .
Out of 207 respondents , 153 people ( 74 % ) either used nootropics , or would consider using them on a regular or occasional basis .
In April 2009 , an article in The New Yorker reported on the growing use of “ neuroenhancing drugs ” to enhance performance .
And in an informal poll run by Nature in April 2008 , one in five respondents claimed “ they had used drugs for non-medical reasons to stimulate their focus , concentration or memory . ”
Unlike physical performance - enhancing drugs , it seems that the social rules for nootropics are different .
There are even some who suggest that it is perhaps unethical not to take them – that operating to the best of our mental ability is a personal social obligation .
Of course this leads to a potentially explosive social / technological mix , that wo n’t be diffused easily .
Over the next ten years , I expect the issue of nootropics will become huge .
There will be questions on whether people should be free to take these drugs , whether the social advantages outweigh the personal advantages , and whether they confer an unfair advantage to users by leading to higher grades , better jobs , more money .
But there ’s also the issue of drugs development .
If a strong market for nootropics emerges , there is every chance that new , more effective drugs will follow .
Then the question arises – who gets the “ good ” stuff , and who suffers as a result ?
Whichever way you look at it , the 2010 ’s are set to be an interesting decade for mind - enhancing substances .
Cosmeceuticals
Cosmetics and pharmaceuticals inhabit very different worlds at the moment .
Pharmaceuticals typically treat or prevent disease , while cosmetics simply make you look better .
But why keep the two separate ?
Why not develop products that make you look good by working with your body , rather than simply covering it ?
The answer is largely due to regulation – drugs have to be put through a far more stringent set of checks and balances that cosmetics before entering the market , and rightly so .
But beyond this , there is enormous commercial potential in combining the two , especially as new science is paving the way for externally applied substances to do more than just beautify .
Products that blur the line are already available – in the US for instance , sunscreens and anti dandruff shampoos are considered drugs .
And the cosmetics industry regularly use the term “ cosmeceutical ” to describe products with medicinal or drug - like properties .
Yet with advances in synthetic chemistry and nanoscale engineering , it ’s becoming increasingly possible to develop products that do more than just lead to “ cosmetic ” changes .
Imagine products that make you look younger , fresher , more beautiful , by changing your body rather than just covering up flaws and imperfections .
It ’s a cosmetics company ’s dream – one shared by many of their customers I suspect .
The dam that ’s preventing many such products at the moment is regulation .
But if the pressure becomes too great – and there ’s a fair chance it will over the next ten years – this dam is likely to burst .
And when it does , cosmeceuticals are going to hit the scene big - time .
So those are my ten emerging technology trends to watch over the next decade .
But what happened to nanotechnology ?
And were any other technologies on my short list ?
Nanotech has been a dominant emerging technology over the past ten years .
But in many ways , it ’s a fake .
Advances in the science of understanding and manipulating matter at the nanoscale are indisputable , as are the early technology outcomes of this science .
But nanotechnology is really just a convenient shorthand for a whole raft of emerging technologies that span semiconductors to sunscreens , and often share nothing more than an engineered structure that is somewhere between one to one hundred nanometers in scale .
So , rather than focus on nanotech , I decided to look at specific technologies which I think will make a significant impact over the next decade .
Perhaps not surprisingly though , many of them depend in some way on working with matter at nanometer scales .
In terms of the emerging technologies short list , it was tough to whittle this down to ten trends .
My initial list included batteries , decentralized computing , biofuels , stem cells , cloning , artificial intelligence , robotics , low earth orbit flights , clean tech , neuroscience and memristors – there are many others that no doubt could and should have been on it .
Some of these I felt were likely to reach their prime sometime after the next decade .
Others I felt did n’t have as much potential to shake things up and make headlines as the ones I chose .
But this was a highly subjective and personal process .
I ’m sure if someone else were writing this , the top ten list would be different .
And one final word .
Many of the technologies I ’ve highlighted reflect an overarching trend : convergence .
Although not a technology in itself , synergistic convergence between different areas of knowledge and expertise will likely dominate emerging technology trends over the next decade .
Which means that confident as I am in my predictions , the chances of something completely different , unusual and amazing happening are … pretty high !
Update : Something ’s been bugging me , and I ’ve just realized what it is – in my original list of ten , I had smart drugs , but in the editing process they somehow got left by the wayside !
As I do n’t want to go back and change the ten emerging technology trends I ended up posting , they will have to be a bonus .
As it is , drug delivery timelines are so long that I ’m not sure how many smart drugs will hit the market before 2020 .
But when they do , they will surely mark a turning point in therapeutics .
These are drugs that are programmed to behave in various ways .
The simplest are designed to accumulate around disease sites , then destroy the disease on command – gold shell nanoparticles fit the bill here , preferentially accumulating around tumors then destroying them by heating up when irradiated with infrared radiation .
More sophisticated smart drugs are in the pipeline though that are designed to seek out diseased cells , provide local diagnostics , then release therapeutic agents on demand .
The result is targeted disease treatment that leads to significantly greater efficacy at substantially lower doses .
Whether or not these make a significant impact over the next decade , they are definitely a technology to watch .
DETROIT -- Detroit Red Wings general manager Ken Holland said Saturday night that he has no knowledge of defenseman Andreas Lilja returning next week from a concussion that has idled him since Feb. 28 of last year .
Red Wings TV analyst Mickey Redmond said during Saturday 's telecast on Fox Sports Net that Lilja could return next week .
This was news to Holland , who last spoke to Lilja on Tuesday and was told nothing had changed .
Lilja also said Thursday in Minnesota that he was not close to returning .
" Nothing has changed , '' Holland said .
" I 'm not aware of that ( Redmond 's comment ) .
He ( Lilja ) has good days and bad days .
Nobody has said anything to me that he 's getting close . ''
Lilja has been practicing with the team for months but continues to experience headaches .
He must be symptom - free for an extended period of time before being cleared to play , Holland said .
Every month since January , when I became your President , I ’ve spoken to you about the periodic reports of the Labor Department on the number of jobs created or lost during the previous month ; numbers that tell a story about how America ’s economy is faring overall .
In those first months , the numbers were nothing short of devastating .
The worst recession since the 1930s had wreaked havoc on the lives of so many of our fellow Americans .
Yesterday , the numbers released by the Labor Department reflected a continuing positive trend of diminishing job loss .
But for those who were laid off last month and the millions of Americans who have lost their jobs in this recession , a good trend is n’t good enough .
Trends do n’t buy the groceries .
Trends do n’t pay ....
... the rent or a college tuition .
Trends do n’t fulfill the need within each of us to be productive , to provide for our families , to make the most of our lives , to reach for our dreams .
So , it is true that we , as a country , are in a very different place than we were when 2009 began .
Because of the Recovery Act and a number of other steps we ’ve taken , we ’re no longer facing the potential collapse of our financial system or a second Great Depression .
We ’re no longer losing jobs at a rate of 700,000 a month .
And our economy ’s growing for the first time in a year .
But too many of our neighbors are still out of work because the growth we ’ve seen has n’t yet translated into all the jobs we need .
Stung by this brutal recession , businesses that have kept their doors open are still wary about adding workers .
Instead of hiring , many are simply asking their employees to work more hours , or they ’re adding temporary help .
History tells us this is usually what happens with recessions – even as the economy grows , it takes time for jobs to follow .
But the folks who have been looking for work without any luck for months and , in some cases , years , ca n’t wait any longer .
For them , I ’m determined to do everything I can to accelerate our progress so we ’re actually adding jobs again .
That ’s why , this week , I invited a group of business owners from across the country to the White House to talk about additional steps we can take to help jumpstart hiring .
We brought together unions and universities to talk about what we can do to support our workers today and prepare our students to outcompete workers around the world tomorrow .
We brought together mayors and community leaders to talk about how we can open up new opportunities in our cities and towns .
On Friday , I spent the day in Allentown , Pennsylvania , and met with workers and small business owners there .
I stopped by a steel company called Allentown Metal Works , and spoke at Lehigh Community College .
I visited folks at a job placement center , and stopped by a shift change at Alpo .
The stories and concerns I heard mirrored the countless letters I receive every single day .
And they speak louder than any statistic or government report .
The folks in Allentown – and in all the Allentowns across our country – are the most dedicated , productive workers in the world .
All they ’re asking for is a chance , and a fair shake .
And that ’s exactly what I ’m working to give them .
In the coming days , I ’ll be unveiling additional ideas aimed at accelerating job growth and hiring as we emerge from this economic storm .
And so that we do n’t face another crisis like this again , I ’m determined to meet our responsibility to do what we know will strengthen our economy in the long - run .
That ’s why I ’m not going to let up in my efforts to reform our health care system ; to give our children the best education in the world ; to promote the jobs of tomorrow and energy independence by investing in a clean energy economy ; and to deal with the mounting federal debt .
From the moment I was sworn into office , we have taken a number of difficult steps to end this economic crisis .
We did n’t take them because they were popular or gratifying .
They were n’t .
We took these steps because they were necessary .
But I did n’t run for President to pass emergency recovery programs , or to bail out banks or to shore up auto companies .
I did n’t run for President simply to manage the crisis of the moment , while kicking our most pressing problems down the road .
I ran for President to help hardworking families succeed and to stand up for the embattled middle class .
I ran to fight for a country where responsibility is still rewarded , and hard - working people can get ahead .
I ran to keep faith with the sacred American principle that we will deliver to our children a future of even greater possibility .
And my commitment to you , the American people , is that I will focus every single day on how we can get people back to work , and how we can build an economy that continues to make real the promise of America for generations to come .
###
Remarks by Carly Fiorina , California Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate , as provided by the Senate Republican Communications Center
Hello .
This is Carly Fiorina .
And today I ’d like to speak to you as one of the more than two and a half million women in America who have been diagnosed with breast cancer — and beaten it .
Like everyone else who ’s diagnosed with cancer , I never thought it would happen to me .
I was fit , healthy , and active .
I even got regular check - ups .
But earlier this year , just two weeks after a clear mammogram , I discovered a lump through a self - exam .
Soon after that came the diagnosis , the surgery , the long and difficult treatment regimen , and the painful experience of wondering whether I would make it , whether I ’d pull through .
I ’m fortunate to live near one of the greatest cancer centers in the world .
I ’m fortunate to have the incredible love and support of family and friends .
And , my diagnosis gave me time to think about my future — because one of the things that happens when you have to face your fears , including the fear of dying , is that you can face your future with renewed hope and enthusiasm .
My doctors tell me I have won my battle with cancer .
And I realize that this makes me one of the lucky ones .
Last year alone , more than 40,000 Americans died from breast cancer .
Aside from lung cancer , breast cancer is the most fatal form of cancer for American women .
Nearly 200,000 new cases were reported last year alone .
That ’s why a recent recommendation on mammograms by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force , a government - run panel of health care professionals that makes recommendations on prevention , struck such a nerve .
The task force did not include an oncologist or a radiologist , in other words , cancer experts did not develop this recommendation .
They said that most women under 50 do n’t need regular mammograms and that women over 50 should only get them every other year .
And yet we all know that the chances of surviving cancer are greater the earlier it ’s detected .
If I ’d followed this new recommendation and waited another two years , I ’m not sure I ’d be alive today .
What ’s more this task force was explicitly asked to focus on costs , not just prevention .
As it turned out , costs were a significant factor in this recommendation .
Will a bureaucrat determine that my life is n't worth saving ?
All this takes on even greater urgency in the midst of the ongoing health care debate in Washington .
We wonder if we are heading down a path where the federal government will at first suggest and then mandate new standards for prevention and treatment .
Do we really want government bureaucrats rather than doctors dictating how we prevent and treat something like breast cancer ?
The response we ’ve gotten to these questions has been less than encouraging .
In the face of a national outcry over the recent task force recommendations , the Secretary of Health and Human Services said the Preventive Services Task Force does n’t set federal policy .
The real question , though , is whether bodies like this would set policy under the $ 2.5 trillion , 2,074 - page plan that ’s now making its way through Congress ?
Unfortunately , the answer to that question is n’t encouraging either .
The health care bill now being debated in the Senate explicitly empowers this very task force to influence future coverage and preventive care .
Section 4105 , for example , authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services to deny payment for prevention services the task force recommends against .
Another section requires every health plan in America to cover task force recommended preventive services .
In fact , there are more than a dozen examples in the bill where this task force is empowered to influence care .
There is a reason American women with breast cancer have a higher survival rate than women in countries with government - run health care .
Unlike those countries , our government does n’t dictate what prevention and treatments women can get .
While some defend the idea of a government task force , my experience with cancer tells me it ’s wrong .
Cutting down on mammograms might save the government some money that it will then spend on something else .
But it wo n’t save lives .
And is n’t that what health care reform was supposed to be all about ?
This is just one in many examples of serious problems with this healthcare reform legislation .
Rather than remaking the entire national healthcare system at the cost of higher taxes and exploding deficits , we should build on what works , such as expanding access to integrated care and to community clinics that will give those most in need appropriate care at a reasonable price .
Congress should reform medical malpractice to match what we have in California where frivolous lawsuits are a thing of the past .
We should permit consumers to purchase health insurance from any company in the country , expanding consumer choice and driving down cost and unnecessary mandates .
People want to know that their care will stay where it belongs : in the hands of doctors and patients .
Unfortunately , the path Congress is on in this debate is not giving us the confidence that it will .
Thank you .
###
Why wait ' til Saturday for politics ?
Click here to receive Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item every day .
Or follow us @latimestot .
And we 're also over here on Facebook .
Photos : Ron Edmonds / Associated Press ; Associated Press ( Fiorina ) .
A 20 - year - old man from Nebraska has agreed to plead guilty to charges stemming from a January 2008 attack on Web sites of the Church of Scientology .
Brian Thomas Mettenbrink , of Grand Island , Nebraska , will plead guilty to the charge of unauthorized access of a protected computer for his involvement in the Web attack , which was organized by the group Anonymous .
As part of his plea , Mettenbrink will serve a one - year prison sentence , the U.S. Department of Justice said in a statement .
Anonymous organized a distributed denial - of - service attack against the group 's Web sites in January 2008 .
Mettenbrink admitted being involved in that attack , saying that he downloaded software from an Anonymous Internet message board that he used to help overwhelm the Scientologists '
Web sites and make them inaccessible to visitors .
Mettenbrink is expected to plead guilty to the charges in federal court next week .
He is the second person to plead guilty to charges stemming from the Web attacks .
Last year , Dmitriy Guzner , a 19 - year - old from Verona , New Jersey , plead guilty to charges related to the attack .
He was sentenced to one year in prison .
Marc Morano
Climate Depot
December 5 , 2009
Below is a guest essay by Meteorologist Joe D’Aleo , the first Director of Meteorology at The Weather Channel and former chairman of the American Meteorological Society ’s ( AMS ) Committee on Weather Analysis and Forecasting .
D’Aleo publishes www.IceCap.US
NOAA chose to remove satellite input into their global ocean estimation .
D’Aleo comments on the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ’s ( NOAA ) claim that global sea-surface temperatures ( SST ’s ) were recently the hottest since 1880 .
D’Aleo comments on NOAA ’s claim of ‘ record ’ sea surface temps :
To enable them to make the case the oceans are warming , NOAA chose to remove satellite input into their global ocean estimation and not make any attempt to operationally use NASA ’s Argo data in the process .
This resulted in a jump of 0.2C or more and ‘ a new ocean warmth record ’ in July .
ARGO tells us this is another example of NOAA ’s inexplicable decision to corrupt data to support political agendas .
D’Aleo on NOAA global temperature claims :
What can I say .
Between the station dropout ( 80 % of the world ’s stations , mostly rural ) , removal in US or absence globally of any UHI ( Urban Heat Island ) adjustment , bad siting for 90 % of the climate stations and the recent removal of satellite input into the ocean temperature assessments , NOAA ( National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ) has ensured that each and every month and season will rank and ‘ validate ’ their piece of excrement called CCSPand support the government ’s argument for Cap - and - Tax , carbon regulations and global actions at Copenhagen .
This is not an indictment of the hard - working and honest rank - and - file NOAA employees at the local offices and even behind the scenes at NCDC .
It is the fault of higher ups and managers whose jobs and reputations rely on perpetrating the global warming hoax long enough so the governments can have their way to control virtually every aspect of our lives and keep the funding at the highest possible level for those who have abused the science to their benefit .
See also here , here and here .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
KHL player to carry Russian flag at Olympics opening ceremony ( Photo © vancouver2010.com )
The Vice President of the Russian Olympic Committee , Vladimir Vasin in an interview to Russian newspaper Sovetskiy Sport claimed that a KHL player will most likely carry the Russian flag at the Vancouver Olympics ’ opening ceremony .
Vasin : “ The opening ceremony will take place on the 12th of February .
Our hockey players will arrive in Vancouver one day before and will play only on the 16th , so it is quite logical to choose the standard - bearer from the hockey players .
This player will be from the KHL . ”
Q. Maybe you should choose Sergei Fedorov , the most experienced player ?
Vasin : “ Why not . ”
9 out of 23 players in the Russian Team will represent the KHL , they are : defencemen Ilya Nikulin , Dmitriy Kalinin , Konstantin Korneev , forwards Sergei Fedorov , Danis Zaripov , Sergei Zinoviev , Alexander Radulov , Viktor Kozlov and Alexei Morozov .
Who do you think will carry the Russian flag ?
They took down all their bikes .
based on government announcements , 37 protesters have been killed so far .
Power to PeopleDown to Islamic regime of thugs
Sensing an opportunity to be pardoned of all previous crimes , William Bonney – a man of many names , now best known as Billy the Kid – approached Governor Lew Wallace in 1878 and offered to stand as a prosecution witness .
Bonney had recently observed the murder of a lawyer during the final stages of the Lincoln County War and Wallace , newly appointed as governor , was keen to make an impression .
He agreed to Bonney ’s plan , had him testify , and then reneged on his promise , refusing to pardon ‘ the Kid ’ .
Below is a letter sent to Wallace by the clearly frustrated outlaw , in which he reminds the governor of their previous agreement .
Less than a month later he killed two guards and escaped from jail , just weeks before he was to be hanged .
Interesting fact :
Whilst serving as governor , Lew Wallace wrote and released Ben-Hur .
Transcript follows .
Other letters from Billy the Kid can be read here .
Transcript
Santa Fe Jail New Mex .
March 29 1881 Gov. Lew Wallace Dear Sir I wish you would come down to the jail and see me .
it will be to your interest to come and see me .
I have some letters which date back two years , and there are Parties who are very anxious to get them but I shall not dispose of them until I see you .
that is if you will come imediately .
Yours Respect -
Wm H Bonney
Who ’s smarter , men or women ?
It ’s a topic of common -- and often comic -- musings , but it has also become a serious policy issue for colleges and this nation ’s students .
After 17 years of concentrated effort to raise the academic achievement of girls , who in previous decades had often received less attention in the classroom and been steered away from college - prep courses , the nation can brag that female students have progressed tremendously .
Though still underrepresented in calculus and other advanced - level science and math courses in high school , women now outnumber men applying to and graduating from college -- so much so that it appears some colleges are giving male applicants an admissions boost .
As a result , the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights is examining whether colleges are engaging in widespread discrimination against women in an effort to balance their male and female populations .
Consider some of the numbers at leading schools :
At Vassar College in New York State , a formerly all - women ’s college that is still 60 % female , more than two - thirds of the applicants last year were women .
The college accepted 35 % of the men who applied , compared with 20 % of the women .
Locally , elite Pomona College accepted 21 % of male applicants for this year ’s freshman class , but only 13 % of female applicants .
At Virginia ’s College of William & Mary , 7,652 women applied for this year ’s freshman class , compared with 4,457 male applicants .
Yet the numbers of each who gained admittance were nearly the same .
That ’s because the college accepted 45 % of the men and only 27 % of the women .
A 2007 analysis by U.S. News & World Report , based on the data sent by colleges for the magazine ’s annual rankings , found that the admissions rate for women averaged 13 percentage points lower than that for men .
But percentages do n’t tell the whole story .
It could be that the men were stronger candidates , or they might have applied in areas of engineering and science where women ’s numbers are still lower .
But such justifications , even if true , are unlikely to fully explain these numbers .
At schools such as the University of California , where admissions rely overwhelmingly on statistical measures of academic achievement such as grades and test scores , the disparities do n’t appear .
Far more women than men applied to UCLA -- the UC ’s most selective campus -- last year .
The university accepted about the same percentage of each , with a slight edge to the women .
As a result , the freshman class has close to 800 more women than men .
Advertisement
In recent years , several college leaders have admitted that their institutions give a boost to male applicants to maintain gender balance on campus .
Most students of either sex , they point out , prefer such balance .
If Vassar accepted equal percentages of each sex , women would outnumber men by more than 2 to 1 .
The dean of admissions at Kenyon College in Ohio , a formerly all - male school , brought the matter to broad public attention in 2006 with an Op - Ed article for the New York Times describing the dilemma of her admissions office .
“ What messages are we sending young women that they must . . . be even more accomplished than men to gain admission to the nation ’s top colleges ? ” Jennifer Delahunty Britz wrote .
This page has long favored allowing colleges to use race as an admissions factor in order to diversify student populations .
Exposure to people of different backgrounds and viewpoints better educates all students -- not just those given a leg up .
We are not in favor of accepting underqualified or clearly inferior students for the sake of diversity .
But most colleges are inundated with applications from students who more than meet their standards ; the differences among many of them are slight .
It makes sense for colleges to pick a balanced population from within this group .
At the same time , admissions officers should avoid rigid notions of what constitutes enough men on campus .
It ’s not harming UCLA , or destroying college social life , to admit somewhat more women than men .
Even if the civil rights commission finds pervasive gender discrimination in admissions , there ’s little it could do about the situation .
Such discrimination -- though not racial discrimination -- is legal for undergraduate admissions at private , nonprofit colleges , even those that receive federal funding .
It is illegal at public colleges as well as graduate and professional schools .
Commission documents on the inquiry suggest that colleges could find more “ gender - neutral ” ways of balancing their student numbers , perhaps by offering programs and extracurricular activities that attract men .
Advertisement
Those might work for some schools , but wo n’t change the overall scenario .
Not with college populations composed of 57 % women nationwide .
The issue we ’d like the Commission on Civil Rights to investigate is :
What ’s happening with the education of U.S. boys ?
Why are so few of them applying to and graduating from college ?
Theories and arguments abound .
Some say that boys are more active and thus less able to sit still for long periods -- and as a result , more likely to be categorized as having attention deficit / hyperactivity disorder or needing special education .
A 2008 study by researchers at Northwestern University found that when girls are involved in a language - related task -- such as reading -- they show more activity in areas of the brain involved in encoding language .
Boys use more sensory information to do linguistic tasks .
The study suggests boys might do better if they were taught language arts in different ways .
Race is a factor as well .
The gender gap is starker among African American and Latino students .
There may be no one reason -- or solution .
But figuring out ways to help boys achieve in school is a better response to the gender gap than making it easier for them to get into college later .
Here 's Sarah Palin 's daughter 's baby daddy / Playgirl centerfold Levi Johnston in NYC the other day ( left ) -- and the infamous sketch of the Unabomber aka Ted Kaczynski ( right ) .
One of them is about to be exposed for the true man he really is .
We 've seen the badass trailer for Tron Legacy , but now here 's a shot of one of the new light bikes in real life .
Advertisement
Tron Legacy Trailer Officially Released
The trailer for Tron 2 — now called Tron Legacy — released at Comic Con 2008 has been officially …
Read more
Created by toymaker Spin Master to help promote the movie ( which does n't come out for another 11 months , by the way ) , it looks pretty awesome .
They 'll be making more reasonably - sized versions for sale as , you know , toys , closer to the release of the movie .
[ Pocket Lint ]
Curves ahead !
The plus - size models that prove fashion is finally ready to embrace larger women
First there was Dove 's ' real women ' campaign , then there was Beth Ditto , but to date it seems that larger women have failed to become anything more than a novelty in fashion .
After all , Sophie Dahl , the original plus - size model , eventually lost the weight that made her so famous , Kate Moss continues to live by the mantra : ' Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels ' , and only last year Ralph Lauren famously airbrushed a model to look so thin , her head was wider than her waist .
But could 2010 be the year that curves finally come of age ?
Size matters : Model Tara
Lynn wears nothing but a slick of red lipstick while posing for V Magazine 's size issue
V Magazine certainly believes that is the case , so much so that it has dedicated an entire issue to women of different shapes and sizes .
' The Size Issue ' , which hits news stands on January 14 , features a high - fashion photo shoot starring no less than five curvaceous bombshells .
The images , by Norwegian fashion photographer Solve Sundsbo , see the models wearing everything from figure - hugging Agent Provocateur bodysuits to cut - out Gucci swimsuits .
One wears Dolce & Gabbana lingerie , while another dramatically poses in nothing but a slick of red lipstick .
The girls unashamedly flaunt full thighs , stomach rolls and love handles - things that would normally be airbrushed out on a high fashion magazine .
Figured out : Candice Huffine and Tara Lynn unashamedly flaunt their curves for photographer Solve Sundsbo
On form : Kasia P models Agent Provocateur 's leopard - print bodysuit , while Candice Huffine proves Gucci 's embellished cut - out swimsuit is not just for the super - slim
Sundsbo said : '
I loved the opportunity to show that you can be beautiful and sexy outside the narrow interpretations that normally define us . '
The same issue sees famed plus - size model Crystal Renn take on the slender Jacquelyn Jablonski , who at 17 , has already modelled for Calvin Klein Jeans and Proenza Schouler .
And the U.S. glossy could well be on the money with its theme .
Over the past few months , gap - toothed supermodel Lara Stone - who is currently dating David Walliams - has become famous in her own right thanks to her ' va - va voom ' size 8 figure ( most models are a UK size 4 - 6 ) .
Bombshells : Plus - size models Candice Huffine ( left ) and Michelle Olson ( right ) work the body - con look
Larger than life : Marquita Pring almost covers up in Pringle of Scotland knitwear , while Michelle Olson dares to bare in a Dolce & Gabbana corset
Gossip singer Beth Ditto's collection for Evans was a runaway success , with some items selling out in days .
And who could forget the media storm surrounding British designer Mark Fast 's London Fashion Week show in September , after his stylist allegedly walked out over a decision to use plus - size models .
The models in question proved how sexy Fast 's clingy knitted dresses could look on a curvaceous body , making them a sellout at Brown's , the London boutique in which they were sold .
Shaping up , from left : Tara Lynn , Candice Huffine , Michelle Olson , Marquita Pring
So could skinny finally be on its way out ?
Realistically , no .
Even Stone , who is , by normal standards , very slim , admitted : ‘ A lot of people say it ’s nice to see someone who wo n’t break in half when you touch them .
But I am still a woman and a person , and if you ’re compared and confronted with your colleagues , and they ’re all half your size , you think , “ F*** , I ’m really fat ! ” ’
But it seems that the fashion world is slowly making progress by beginning to accept more varied body shapes , and that there remains plenty of opportunity to embrace women that really look like women .
Photography : Solve Sundsbo
Styling : Nicola Formichetti
Models : Candice Huffine , Marquita Pring , Michelle Olson , Tara Lynn , Kasia P .
Human failures that keep us wondering .
One of the most delightful and potentially game - changing aspects of the information age is our vastly enhanced ability to discover past predictions that might otherwise have been forgotten ; twenty years ago , one could have written some foolish conjecture concerning the future in The Washington Post , say , and it would be unlikely that anyone would remember at such point as this conjecture is proven wrong – although the writer himself would be likely to trumpet this if he happens to get it right .
With the world ’s content now largely searchable , it takes only a few moments to track down such failures – and in doing so , to determine whose opinions about the near future are useful and whose are leading us astray .
This is a fine thing for us to do as a society if we wish to ensure that , say , our most widely - read commentators are worth being widely - read or even narrowly - read .
The publication Foreign Policy recently released its list of what it deems to be the worst predictions of the sort that have been proven wrong in 2009 – which is to say , predictions that were either made long ago in reference to 2009 or those that were made in 2009 itself but which have already been overtaken by events .
Pulitzer - prize winning Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer makes Foreign Policy ’s list , having earned this recognition by way of the following exchange on a September 2009 episode of Fox News Sunday :
Chris Wallace : Best guess :
Will the president end up giving McChrystal the troops he wants , or will he change the war strategy ?
Charles Krauthammer : I think he does n’t and McChrystal resigns .
In fact , Obama did and McChrystal did n’t .
I have had occasion recently to analyze the bulk of Krauthammer ’s output , as my just - finished second book deals largely with the failures of our republic ’s most widely - read and inexplicably - respected newspaper columnists to be of any use whatsoever in terms of providing the voting public with real insight into our national undertakings .
Krauthammer , it turns out , is among the worst of his colleagues in this regard , having been wrong about every significant foreign policy and military question of the past decade .
He claimed our Kosovo intervention would result in a “ quagmire ” for the U.S. and its allies and a wider regional war for the Balkans ; it resulted in no such thing .
When ethnic Albanian rebels operating out of Macedonia began stirring up trouble in 2001 , he announced himself vindicated , alerting his readers that the chaos was about to begin ; the insurrection killed a few dozen people and then ended within a few months .
Afghanistan was “ an astonishing success ” and Karzai was a “ deeply respected democrat ; ” obviously the situation has since deteriorated dramatically and Karzai won the last election through fraud .
I would n’t even know where to begin with the fellow ’s utterances on Iraq , but suffice to say that , in addition to the common intelligence failures that we see from conservative pundits from 2003 to the present , Krauthammer initially predicted that the surge would be a failure before eventually deeming it a success and criticizing those who predicted that it would be a failure .
He was also keen on Rumsfeld for longer than almost anyone else of whom I ’m aware – which is to say that he was even wronger than William Kristol , who is himself so perpetually and hilariously wrong that it is no longer in fashion to even make fun of the fellow and I am thus reluctant to even mention his name .
This is just a small sampling of Krauthammer ’s ridiculousness , which extends from incompetence into hypocrisy as well as a total absence of self - awareness .
A few weeks back , on the occasion of the fellow ’s 25th year as a columnist , our subject takes some time to engage in what passes for self - reflection among mainstream pundits of our troubled era :
Longevity for a columnist is a simple proposition :
Once you start , you do n’t stop .
You do it until you die or can no longer put a sentence together .
I was amazed to come upon this entirely correct assertion , not simply because it is entirely correct but because I have been trying to make the very same point for a year now , having based my upcoming book on the observation that once a pundit is made , he is rarely unmade .
But in making that point , my purpose was to convey that the longevity of the American columnist is a problem that leaves many of our countrymen perpetually misinformed on matters of life and death and that perhaps this is something that ought to concern us if we prefer life to death , which I suppose we do ; Krauthammer , on the other hand , seems to think that the longevity of the American columnist is an amusing quirk to be observed in passing , its actual consequences to be ignored .
He would presumably not think this about any other crucial occupation in which those charged with great responsibilities are so unaccountable in terms of their results that not even a series of great disasters will prompt such people to lose their jobs ; instead of voicing a concern that perhaps he himself has no good reason to be as respected as he ’s come to be , Krauthammer follows up his observation regarding his own de facto tenure with the following quip :
It has always been my intention to die at my desk , although my most cherished ambition is to outlive the estate tax .
Let us get the estate tax repealed , then , so that Krauthammer can fulfill his most cherished ambition as quickly as possible and then die happily ; perhaps he can be subsequently replaced with someone whose most cherished ambition is to actually assist the citizenry in coming to correct conclusions instead of incorrect ones that lead to the unnecessary deaths of a hundred thousand people .
Besides , it would be a shameful thing if some large portion of the money Krauthammer has made in the course of his failures were to eventually go to offsetting the trillion dollars that have thus far been spent on the war he demanded in the very columns from which his money largely derives .
Wow , I just cut my finger on my own over - the - top sarcasm .
I did n’t know you could do that .
Krauthammer concludes his introspection thusly :
To be doing every day what you enjoy doing is rare .
Rarer still is to be doing what you were meant to do , particularly if you got there by sheer serendipity .
Until near 30 , I ’d fully expected to spend my life as a doctor .
My present life was never planned or even imagined .
An intern at The New Republic once asked me how to become a nationally syndicated columnist .
“ Well , ” I replied , “ first you go to medical school . … ”
… and then a bunch of other people go to Iraq .
Sheer serendipity !
link -
The C++ Source
The Safe Bool Idiom
by Bjorn Karlsson
July 31 , 2004
Advertisement
The Safe Bool Idiom
Learn how to validate objects in a boolean context without the usual harmful side effects .
I n C++ , there are a number of ways to provide Boolean tests for classes .
Such support is either provided to make usage intuitive , to support generic programming , or both .
We shall examine four popular ways of adding support for the popular and idiomatic if ( object ) {} construct .
To conclude , we will discuss a new solution , without the pitfalls and dangers of the other four .
Let the games begin .
The Goal
Some types , for example pointers , allow us to test their validity in Boolean contexts .
Any rvalue of arithmetic , enumeration , pointer , or pointer to member type , can be implicitly converted to an rvalue of type bool .
We frequently use this property to select a branch of code to execute , for example when acquiring a resource :
if ( some_type * p=get_some_type( ) ) { // p is valid , use it } else { // p is not valid , take proper action }
Of course , such usage is not only useful for built - in types ; any type with an unambiguous meaning of validity could greatly benefit from such a Boolean conversion .
The alternative is to use a member function for testing .
As an example , consider testing a smart pointer ( without an implicit conversion to the contained pointer ) for validity :
smart_ptr<some_type > p(get_some_type( ) ) ; if ( p.is_valid ( ) ) { // p is valid , use it } else { // p is not valid , take proper action }
Besides being more verbose , this version differs from the previous in that the name p needs to be declared outside of the scope in which it is used .
This is bad from a maintenance perspective .
Also , the name is_valid will probably differ depending on the type of smart pointer at use �it can just as well be is_empty , Empty , Valid , or any other name a creative designer might have thought of when creating it .
Finally , even when disregarding the naming issue and the problem with declaration scope , for smart pointers there 's the very real requirement to support pointer - like use .
It should typically be possible to convert existing code to make use of smart pointers rather than raw pointers , with a minimum of change to the code base , e.g. , code like this should work regardless of pointer smartness :
template < typename T> void some_func ( const T& t ) { if ( t ) t-> print ( ) ; }
Without some conversion to a Boolean testable type , the above if - statement wo n't compile for smart pointers .
The goal that we set out to accomplish in this article is making that conversion safe .
As we shall see , that 's a bit harder than one would imagine at first glance .
The Obvious Approach Is operator bool
This classical approach has a straightforward implementation .
I 'll use the same class ( Testable ) throughout this article , as seen in the following code :
// operator bool version class Testable { bool ok_ ; public : explicit Testable ( bool b=true ) : ok_ ( b ) {} operator bool ( ) const { return ok_ ; } } ; // operator !
version class Testable { bool not_ok_ ; public : explicit Testable ( bool b=true ) : not_ok_ ( !b ) {} bool operator !( ) const { return not_ok_ ; } } ; // operator void * version class Testable { bool ok_ ; public : explicit Testable ( bool b=true ) : ok_ ( b ) {} operator void * ( ) const { return ok_==true ?
this : 0 ; } } ; // nested class version class Testable { bool ok_ ; public : explicit Testable ( bool b=true ) : ok_ ( b ) {} class nested_class {} ; operator const nested_class * ( ) const { return ok_ ? reinterpret_cast<const nested_class *>( this ) : 0 ; } } ;
Note the implementation for the conversion function :
operator bool ( ) const { return ok_ ; }
Now , we can use instances of the class in expressions like this :
Testable test ; if ( test ) std::cout << " Yes , test is working !
" ; else std:: cout << " No , test is not working !
" ;
That 's fine , but there 's a nasty caveat to this as the conversion function has just told the compiler that it 's free to do things behind our backs ( lesson 0 : never trust a compiler to do your job for you ; at least not to do it properly ) ;
test << 1 ; int i=test ;
These are both nonsense operations , but yet allowed and legal C++ ( we also have the issue of overloading to consider , which makes things even worse ) .
So , operator bool is not a very good approach .
We 're also able to compare any types that utilize this technique with each other , although that rarely makes sense :
Testable a ; AnotherTestable b ; if ( a==b ) { } if ( a < b ) { }
What else can we do ?
Well , one improvement is to add another ( private ) conversion function to an integral type , and thereby disallow the nonsensical operations , even those for equality and ordering .
Simply declaring a private conversion function to int does the trick .
However , some drawbacks remain , making the solution less than satisfactory .
The error messages when a user invokes the ambiguity are n't consistent , or readable .
Also , these conversion functions may interfere with perfectly valid conversions and overloads .
So we must look elsewhere for a clean solution to this problem .
Not Exactly Obvious , operator !
It 's time to move on to safer ground , through operator ! .
Programmers are already accustomed to using this unary logical negation operator in Boolean contexts , which is a desirable property for intuitive usage .
Still , some users might not be ready for what some people call the double - bang trick ( see below ) , which is a requirement for checking the " good state " of such an object .
The implementation is trivial :
bool operator !( ) const { return ! ok_ ; }
This is a much better approach — no more implicit conversion or overloading issues to worry about , and two idiomatic ways of testing Testable :
Testable test ; if (!! test ) std::cout << " Yes , test is working !
" ; if ( !test2 ) { std::cout << " No , test2 is not working !
" ;
The first version utilizes a useful trick : if (!! test ) .
It 's sometimes called the double - bang trick [ 1 ] , but alas , it is not nearly as elegant or straightforward as if ( test ) .
[ Editor 's note :
This is an old C trick used to map non-zero values to the number 1 so you can have numeric integer values map into a binary - valued index ( 0 or 1 ) for use with an array of size two ]
This is a pity , because if people do n't understand how something works it really does n't matter whether it 's safe or not .
It 's still a very useful technique , but it will typically be used in library code , where �ordinary � users never see it .
Of course , it 's still possible to compare different types , just as was the case with the first approach ( although the obscure syntax should make it obvious that it rarely makes sense to do so ) .
Are there better ways than this ?
A Seemingly Innocent Approach � operator void *
Here 's a clever idea—using a conversion function to void* .
It 's clever because there are n't that many things you can do with a void * except test it in Boolean contexts .
Here 's how it works :
operator void *( ) const { return ok_==true ?
this : 0 ; }
Another trivial implementation !
Do n't worry , from here on nothing 's trivial ...
As you might have guessed , this solution is flawed , too .
The problem is that it is now possible to do this :
Testable test ; delete test ;
Ouch !
If you think that this situation can be saved with a little const trickery , think again : The C++ Standard explicitly allows delete expressions with pointers to const types [ 2 ] .
Perhaps the best - known use of this technique comes from the C++
Standard � the conversion that allows the state of iostreams to be queried uses it .
However , while the intention is this ;
if ( std: : cout ) { //
Is the stream ok ?
}
it is also quite possible to do this ;
std::cout << std::cin << std::cout ;
Also , using a conversion like this means that it is possible to test instances of different types in Boolean contexts ( all types that utilize this flawed idiom ) .
So , it 's time to get radical , and travel deeper into C++ territory .
Almost Getting
There with a Nested Class
class Testable { bool ok_ ; public : explicit Testable ( bool b=true ) : ok_ ( b ) {} class nested_class ; operator const nested_class *( ) const { return ok_ ? reinterpret_cast<const nested_class *>( this ) : 0 ; } } ;
In 1996 , Don Box wrote about a very clever technique in his C++
Report column �a technique originally created to support testing for nullness �that almost does what we came here for .
It involves a conversion function to a nested type ( that does n't even need to be defined ) , like so :
Now , this version supports Boolean tests , but alas , too much so .
We 're now able to write erroneous things like this :
Testable b1, b2 ; if ( b1==b2 ) { } if ( b1 < b2 ) { }
We could poison all operators that have been enabled by the conversion to make the algorithm a better fit for our purposes , but there 's an even better way .
The Safe Bool Idiom
class Testable { bool ok_ ; typedef void ( Testable : :* bool_type ) ( ) const ; void this_type_does_not_support_comparisons ( ) const {} public : explicit Testable ( bool b=true ) : ok_ ( b ) {} operator bool_type ( ) const { return ok_==true ?
& Testable : : this_type_does_not_support_comparisons : 0 ; } } ;
It 's time to make these tests safe .
Remember that we need to avoid unsafe conversions that allow for erroneous usage .
We must also avoid overloading issues , and we definitely should n't allow deletion through the conversion .
So , what do we do ?
Without further ado , let me give you the solution in code .
Simple , eh ?
Let 's examine what 's going on here .
First , we typedef bool_type to be a pointer to a const member function of Testable , taking zero arguments and returning void .
This is our magic type that allows for testing in Boolean contexts , without taking part in overloading contexts .
Next , we define a conversion function to bool_type , just as we did with bool and void* earlier .
Finally , we return " true " using a pointer to a member function ( this_type_does_not_support_comparisons ) , which fits the bool_type , and a null value for " false " .
It 's now possible to safely test instances of Testable in Boolean contexts .
The strange name does have a purpose ; read on to find out what it is !
Compared to a conversion function to bool , we have avoided the unfortunate overloading issues , and the effects of returning an integral type ( making some nonsense constructs legal ) .
We have added the usability that was obscured by operator ! , and disabled the potential delete issue with operator void* .
Quite impressive !
There 's one additional twist that makes the solution complete , and that is to disable comparisons between distinct instances of Testable .
With our current implementation , you can write code like this :
Testable test ; Testable test2 ; if ( test1==test2 ) {} if ( test!=test2 ) {}
Comparisons like the above are not only meaningless ; they 're dangerous , because they imply an equivalence relationship that can never exist between different instances of Testable .
We need to find a way to disable such nonsensical comparisons .
template < typename T > bool operator !=( const Testable& lhs , const T& rhs ) { lhs.this_type_does_not_support_comparisons ( ) ; return false ; } template < typename T > bool operator== ( const Testable & lhs , const T& rhs ) { lhs.this_type_does_not_support_comparisons ( ) ; return false ; }
Of course !
By defining operator== and operator != as non-members , and having them attempt to call a non-public member ( this_type_does_not_support_comparisons ) on the Testable argument will result in a compile error , thus disallowing tests that do n't make sense [ 3 ] .
( The obvious versions taking Testable as the second argument are omitted here for brevity . )
Using parameterized implementations , we ensure that an error is only emitted if and when a comparison function is instantiated .
The long ( and fairly descriptive ) name of the called member function will definitely be part of the compiler error message if a comparison function is instantiated , making it easy to locate and correct the error .
For tests that you do want to allow , simply define the comparison operators as usual .
This , my friends , is the safe bool idiom .
When people started using this idiom , it was discovered that there was an efficiency penalty on some compilers — the member function pointer caused a compiler headache resulting in slower execution when the address was fetched .
Although the difference is marginal , the current practice is typically to use a member data pointer instead of a member function pointer . [ 4 ]
A Reusable Solution
class safe_bool_base { protected : typedef void ( safe_bool_base ::* bool_type ) ( ) const ; void this_type_does_not_support_comparisons( ) const {} safe_bool_base ( ) {} safe_bool_base ( const safe_bool_base& ) {} safe_bool_base& operator= ( const safe_bool_base& ) {return * this ;} ~ safe_bool_base ( ) {} } ; template < typename T=void > class safe_bool : public safe_bool_base { public : operator bool_type ( ) const { return ( static_cast < const T*>( this ) ) ->boolean_test ( ) ?
&safe_bool_base::this_type_does_not_support_comparisons : 0 ; } protected : ~ safe_bool ( ) {} } ; template <> class safe_bool < void > : public safe_bool_base { public : operator bool_type ( ) const { return boolean_test ( ) ==true ?
&safe_bool_base::this_type_does_not_support_comparisons : 0 ; } protected : virtual bool boolean_test ( ) const=0 ; virtual ~ safe_bool ( ) {} } ; template < typename T , typename U > void operator== ( const safe_bool < T>& lhs , const safe_bool < U>& rhs ) { lhs.this_type_does_not_support_comparisons ( ) ; return false ; } template < typename T , typename U > void operator !=( const safe_bool < T>& lhs , const safe_bool < U>& rhs ) { lhs.this_type_does_not_support_comparisons ( ) ; return false ; }
If you 're like me , you do n't want to follow the aforementioned steps every time you need to make a class � Boolean testable� .
You want something reusable , and you deserve no less !
There are two plausible solutions :
Using a base class with a virtual function for the actual logic , or a base class that knows which function to call on the derived class .
As virtual functions come at a cost ( especially if the class you 're augmenting with Boolean tests does n't contain any other virtual functions ) , I add support for both versions below :
Here 's how to use safe_bool :
class Testable_with_virtual : public safe_bool <> { protected : bool boolean_test ( ) const { // Perform Boolean logic here } } ; class Testable_without_virtual : public safe_bool < Testable_without_virtual > { public : bool boolean_test ( ) const { // Perform Boolean logic here } } ;
The first class , Testable_with_virtual , derives publicly from safe_bool , and implements a virtual function boolean_test — this function is called whenever an instance is tested ( as in if ( obj ) {} , or if ( ! obj ) {} ) .
The second class , Testable_without_virtual , also derives publicly from safe_bool , and in addition , it passes itself as a template parameter to its base class .
This little trick — known as the Curiously Recurring Template Pattern — enables the base class to downcast ( to the derived class ) using static_cast and call boolean_test with no extra runtime overhead and no virtual function calls .
Some people may feel that this is a slight misuse of inheritance ; while it might be argued that an instance of a derived class is - a safe_bool of sorts , this is certainly not the intent of this code .
However , there is little reason to believe that even neophyte programmers will fall into the trap of misunderstanding this relationship .
The destructors of the safe_bool classes are protected to minimize the potential for misuse .
But there 's still hope for the ( in my opinion , overly ) conscientious object - oriented purist ; use private inheritance , and make the conversion function public by reintroducing it in the correct scope :
class Testable_without_virtual : private safe_bool < Testable_without_virtual > { public : using safe_bool < Testable_without_virtual >:: operator safe_bool ; bool boolean_test ( ) const { return true ; // Logic goes here !
} } ;
Matthew Wilson [ 5 ] pointed out that the inheritance strategy ( using safe_bool as a base class ) may lead to size penalties on some compilers , specifically , those that do not implement EBO ( Empty Base Optimization ) properly .
Although most modern compilers do when it comes to single inheritance , there may be a size penalty with multiple inheritance .
Knowing When to Say No
void *
eofbit
fail ( )
!good ( )
Prior Art
Scott Meyers discusses the pitfalls of conversion functions in his classic book , More Effective C++ [ Addison - Wesley , 1995 ] ( Item 5 ) .
He also endorses the protocol discovered by Don Box on the errata page for the aforementioned book .
Don Box demonstrates the nested class technique in C++ Report ( published March 1996 ) .
Stephen C. Dewhurst talks about the misuse(s ) of conversion functions in his great book , C++ Gotchas [ Addison - Wesley , 2002 ] .
Angelika Langer and Klaus Kreft demonstrate how the streams ' void * conversion works in their IOStreams tome , Standard C++ IOStreams and Locales .
Yes , this is a cool idiom , and you 're probably eager to try it out on some of your own classes , right ?
Before you go ahead , please consider that it 's imperative to understand that this idiom should only be used where there is a reasonably unambiguous notion of validity for objects of a class .
Consider theconversion in iostreams .
Do you know which state flags are considered in that test ?
Most people probably think they do .
I looked it up and realized that at least I was wrong — theflag is ignored .
This goes to show that if programmers ' expectations of the semantics may differ , providing a member function with a descriptive name is much better .
In the case of iostreams , it 's reasonable to test for errors using , and failure of input using .
For a container class , having a conversion function would be absolutely disastrous , because the possible interpretations of its meaning are so plentiful .
For most classes , the proper way to design tests for validity is to provide member functions with clever names , not clever conversion functions .
There you go .
New discoveries typically build on previous findings , and the safe bool idiom is no different ; in addition to existing protocols with similar properties , related topics have been thoroughly treated in books and articles .
The following is by no means an exhaustive listing , but rather a small collection of important contributions that I 've come across [ 6 ] .
Without the work of these people , and others who 've come to the same conclusions , chances are that the safe bool idiom would not have seen the light of day .
Summary
Acknowledgements
David Abrahams , for taking part in the discussion of when and how the safe bool idiom should be used , and in particular for making the point that the support for generic programming is important for certain types .
Chuck Allison , for his careful editing of the article ( twice ) .
Stephen C. Dewhurst , for reviewing this article , and for making sure that I did n't forget to mention that there are plenty of times when the idiom should not be used .
Or , as Steve said it , �sometimes it 's reasonable to just say no� .
Peter Dimov , for inventing the idiom , and for reviewing an early draft of this article .
Kevlin Henney , for clarifying what does , and what does not , really constitute an idiom .
Howard Hinnant , for taking part in the discussion of when and how the safe bool idiom should be used ( and how to implement it properly ) .
Scott Meyers , for reviewing this article , and pointing out the ( many ) places where improvement was needed .
Matthew Wilson , for reviewing this article .
References
Some people also refer to it as � the Boolean conversion operator� .
ISO / IEC 14882:98 , � 5.3.5/ 2. See Vandevoorde and Josuttis , C++ Templates , Addison - Wesley , 2003 , pp. 392-393 .
If the tests are indeed valid , you can always enable them by defining the operators for your class .
Do n't miss Matthew 's forthcoming book , Imperfect C++ : Practical Solutions For Real - life Programming [ Addison - Wesley 2004 ] , where this topic and many more are covered in great detail !
If you 're aware of other important contributions , please let me know !
More about Peter at http://www.boost.org/people/peter_dimov.htm.
The twist of declaring ( but not defining ) operator== and operator != was invented by Douglas Gregor , and the technique is sometimes referred to as �poisoning operators� .
I 've added an ( parameterized ) implementation that fails to compile ( when instantiated ) rather than just defining the operators and waiting until link time for the error to appear .
Talk Back !
As C++ programmers , we accept that there are a number of different ways to reach a programming goal — and different approaches typically involve different tradeoffs .
Carefully balancing usability and safety is hard , and depending on which side of the fence you 're standing on , you 'll either be screaming " safety " , or " usability " first .
It 's therefore especially satisfying to be able to present a solution to a common problem that appeals to both sides .
As usual , I would have liked to say that this was my idea — but , also as usual , that is not the case .
The man behind this ingenious idea is Peter Dimov [ 7,8 ] , and it's to him we should send our thanks �as users , and as library developers .
I 'd like to thank the following people for their gracious help and suggestions with this article :
Discuss this article in the Articles Forum topic , The Safe Bool Idiom .
About the Author
Bjorn Karlsson is proud to be a C++ designer , programmer , teacher , preacher , and student .
He has finally learned enough about C++ to realize how little he knows .
When not reading or writing articles , books , or code , he has the privilege to be a part of the Boost community , and a member of The C++ Source Advisory Board .
He appreciates it when people send him interesting emails at bjorn.karlsson@readsoft.com .
Prices for the most amazing apartments in the world have collapsed .
Look what you can get !
No need for a genie to get an Arabian Nights palace .
Dubai's real estate prices have plunged by 45 % since last year , making some of its exclusive , luxurious houses seem quite affordable .
We 've selected some of the most exclusive Dubai properties on the market right now .
If a United States citizen was determined to have joined a foreign terrorist group , that person could be legally murdered under orders given by President George W. Bush after the 9/11 attacks .
In spite of an administration change in Washington , D.C. , that allowance is still in effect , according to a late - breaking report in The Washington Post on Tuesday .
The report delves into an increasing American role in Yemen , spotlighting an effort to capture or kill Anwar al Awlaki , an American citizen who exchanged e-mails with alleged Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ After the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , Bush gave the CIA , and later the military , authority to kill U.S. citizens abroad if strong evidence existed that an American was involved in organizing or carrying out terrorist actions against the United States or U.S. interests , military and intelligence officials said , ” the Post reported .
“ The evidence has to meet a certain , defined threshold .
The person , for instance , has to pose ‘ a continuing and imminent threat to U.S. persons and interests , ’ said one former intelligence official .
“ The Obama administration has adopted the same stance .
If a U.S. citizen joins al - Qaeda , ‘ it does n’t really change anything from the standpoint of whether we can target them , ’ said a senior administration official .
‘ They are then part of the enemy . ' ”
“ Awlaki has not been charged with any crimes under U.S. law , ” ABC News noted .
ABC added that unnamed officials had expressed concern that chances to “ take out ” al Awlaki had been missed while authorities grappled with the legal ramifications of murdering a U.S. citizen .
U.S. involvement in Yemen is largely being directed by the Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) , according to the Post .
The command was perhaps best known as former Vice President Dick Cheney ’s “ executive assassination squad , ” first revealed by veteran investigative reporter Seymour Hersh .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Both the CIA and the JSOC maintain lists of individuals , called the ‘ High Value Targets ’ and ‘ High Value Individuals , ’ whom they seek to kill or capture , ” the Post continued .
“ The JSOC list includes three Americans , including Aulaqi , whose name was added late last year . ”
Lady Gaga topped the digital download chart of 2009 .
Countries like Spain run the risk of becoming " cultural deserts " because of online file - sharing , the music industry has claimed .
The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) says that global government legislation is essential to the sector 's survival .
It cited Spain as an example of a country which does not have laws in place to prevent illegal downloads .
The sales of albums by local artists there have fallen by 65 % in five years .
Federation chairman John Kennedy said the situation in Spain is now " almost irreversible " .
" Spain runs the risk of turning into a cultural desert , " commented Rob Wells , Senior Vice President , Digital , at Universal Music Group .
Drastic action needs to be taken in order to save the Spanish music industry
Rob Wells , Universal Music Group " Drastic action needs to be taken in order to save the Spanish music industry . "
In a market that is " rigged by piracy " it is non-English language music which suffers the most when the music industry tightens its belt added Mr Kennedy .
This is because global stars such as Lady Gaga , who topped the digital download chart of 2009 with 9.8 m downloads for her single Poker Face , are regarded as more secure investments .
Legislation required
In the UK the IFPI said it was supportive of the proposed Digital Economy Bill , which includes legislation to cut off persistent illegal file sharers .
" If there is a risk of kids losing their internet connection , they will stop , " said Mr Kennedy .
One word kept cropping up in the conversation as a beacon of hope for the music industry - Spotify
Rory Cellan- Jones
BBC technology correspondent
Read Rory 's thoughts in full
He described the loss of the recent court case against BitTorrent website Oink as " a terrible disappointment " and an indication that current laws in the UK are " out of touch with where life is " .
He expressed support for the bill 's controversial clause 17 , which would give the Secretary of State power to make changes to copyright laws .
" I hope they wo n't throw clause 17 overboard , " he said .
" We want this to be futureproof . "
However , companies such as Google and Facebook believe that the ability to make fundamental changes are too broad and could stifle innovation .
" IFPI is calling for a copyright ratchet that will remove due process and threaten our human rights , " said Jim Killock , Executive Director of the Open Rights Group .
" Copyright holders cannot hope to micro-manage the behaviour of every consumer . "
Despite the stranglehold the industry considers itself to be in , legitimate music services are starting to pay off , the IFPI believes .
Global digital revenues increased by 12 % in 2009 .
In the US , iTunes is selling more music than Walmart and digital sales account for 40 % of the industry 's revenue .
" The news from the commercial viewpoint is reasonably good but it's not happening fast enough , " said Mr Wells .
He highlighted Spotify as the most successful financial model and said that the Orange monkey service , a joint venture between Universal Music Group , 4 Music and Orange , had acquired 110,000 subscribers since its launch in July 2009 .
The pay - as - you - go service offers free access to music in exchange for a regular top - up of at least £ 10 a month .
" The music industry finally believes it is making progress in the battle against web piracy with governments taking action and legal music services beginning to prove viable , " said BBC technology correspondent Rory Cellan - Jones .
" But the industry is still furious about what it sees as negligence by some governments notably Spain - and is warning that there is a growing threat to local artists posed by piracy . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I 've seen the northern lights once , at a cabin weekend in Wisconsin a couple of years ago .
It 's a strange thing to experience , especially at that latitude , where the lights are n't as in - your - face as this photo .
For the first minute or so , you kind of wonder whether you 're hallucinating .
Then you realize that everybody else is standing perfectly still and silent , staring at the exact same point in the sky .
This time - lapse video ( you 'll have to follow the link to watch ) shows a far more spectacular display over the Ringebu Fjell in southern Norway , captured by photographer Bernd Proschold .
The moment when the clouds clear away , and the lights burst into view is absolutely breathtaking .
The World At Night : A Glimpse of the Far North
( Thanks , Chris Combs ! )
Still image taken in Greenland by Flickr user nickrussill .
Used via CC .
The nation 's first trial on same - sex couples ' right to marry - and the voters ' power to forbid those marriages - begins today in a San Francisco federal courtroom that will serve as a forum for two diametrically opposed worldviews .
For two couples and their allies who have filed a lawsuit seeking to overturn California 's Proposition 8 , the November 2008 initiative was merely the latest example of historic discrimination against gays and lesbians .
Same - sex marriage poses no threat to opposite - sex couples , children or the public welfare , they argue , and a ballot measure that revoked the marital rights of one " disfavored group of citizens " was an unconstitutional appeal to fear and prejudice .
For Prop. 8 's sponsors , a religious coalition called Protect Marriage , anti-gay bias is no longer significant in California , where legislators have legalized domestic partnerships and twice voted to authorize same - sex marriage .
Discrimination also had nothing to do with the ballot measure , which merely wrote the time - honored definition of marriage into the state Constitution , they argue .
Extending wedlock to gays and lesbians , they maintain , would radically redefine marriage , weaken biological parents ' connection with their children , tell men that " they have no significant place in family life " and force many religious Americans to " choose between being a believer and being a good citizen . "
Dueling theories
The competing legal theories that will come up in court are a bit simpler : whether Prop.
8 violates the constitutional guarantee of equal protection by discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation and gender , or whether it validly reserves marital status for those who can naturally conceive children .
The initiative overturned a May 2008 state Supreme Court ruling that allowed gays and lesbians to marry in California .
The state high court upheld Prop. 8 in May 2009 in a challenge by gay rights advocates whose claims involved only state law and not the U.S. Constitution .
A few days before the state court ruling , two couples and a recently formed advocacy group , the American Foundation for Equal Rights , sued in federal court .
Their lawyers are the unlikely duo of Theodore Olson and David Boies , who represented George W. Bush and Al Gore , respectively , in the Supreme Court case that decided the 2000 presidential election .
Initial unease
Established gay rights organizations had avoided federal court , fearing a possible adverse ruling by a conservative U.S. Supreme Court .
But with the fate of same - sex marriage in California , and possibly elsewhere , at stake in the trial , the advocates are all on board and most have filed supportive briefs .
The city of San Francisco , a plaintiff in the state court case , has also joined the federal suit .
City officials contend Prop. 8 will increase their costs of caring for couples unable to obtain insurance and will also force San Francisco to deny equal rights to its residents .
The suit was assigned by random draw to Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker , a 1989 appointee of President George H.W. Bush .
Walker , who has gained a reputation as a libertarian and a maverick on the bench , has put his distinctive stamp on the case , while making it clear that he expects his ruling to be appealed .
Walker ordered a nonjury trial and will preside as lawyers question the two couples , Prop. 8 campaign officials , psychologists , cultural researchers and other witnesses over the next two to three weeks - all posted for public viewing on YouTube , the result of another unprecedented Walker order .
Prop . 8 's sponsors opposed broadcasting the trial on YouTube and fought Walker 's order all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court , arguing that the video display would likely cause " harassment of witnesses , threats to the safety and security of trial participants , unnecessary public exposure and ridicule of trial participants . "
The high court had not issued a ruling by press time Sunday night .
A trial is needed , the judge said , because critical facts are in dispute - for example , the extent of discrimination against gays and lesbians , the possible effects of same - sex marriage on opposite - sex couples and the intent of Prop .
8 .
The measure 's intent , which its sponsors insist is legally irrelevant , could prove to be the decisive issue .
The U.S. Supreme Court , where this case may be headed , struck down state laws against same - sex sodomy in 2003 .
But it has given little indication it would overturn marriage restrictions that exist in most states .
On the other hand , the court declared in 1996 that laws motivated by anti-gay bias were unconstitutional - a ruling that Prop.
8 's opponents want to apply to their case .
The ballot measure was " motivated by moral disapproval and irrational views " about gays and lesbians , plaintiffs ' lawyers said in court papers .
No hidden agenda
Prop. 8 's sponsors - vaulted into the case by state Attorney General Jerry Brown 's refusal to defend the measure - say its clear - cut goal was to reinforce traditional marriage , and any inquiry into the campaign 's allegedly hidden motives is both intrusive and pointless .
" The traditional definition of marriage does not reflect animus against gays and lesbians , " attorney Charles Cooper said in court papers .
" It simply reflects the fact that the institution of marriage is , and has always been , uniquely concerned with promoting and regulating naturally procreative relationships between men and women to provide for the nurture and upbringing of the next generation , " Cooper wrote .
The trial will test such assertions , with competing experts arguing about the history and meaning of marriage , the adequacy of domestic partnership as a marital substitute , and the social and political status of gays and lesbians .
Walker has kept his views to himself , but his rulings so far have dismayed some of Prop.
8 's supporters , who appear to be bracing their followers for a short - term defeat .
" The consistency with which the judge has sided with our opponents is anything but comforting to supporters of traditional marriage , " Andrew Pugno , general counsel for Protect Marriage , said in a letter to backers of the measure last week .
Fortunately , Pugno said , the last word will come from " the nine justices on the highest court in the nation . "
to see this player .
Get the Flash Player to see this player .
Loading the player ...
Three quarks for Muster Murray !
A conversation with Murray Gell - Mann at home Date : September 16 , 2009 Run Time : 55 minutes Speakers : Murray Gell - Mann Topics : DOWNLOAD Audio : 487.mp3
In celebration of the twenty - fifth anniversary of the Santa Fe Institute and Murray Gell - Mann 's eightieth birthday , TSN visited Murray to discuss life , the universe and everything .
Murray named the quark after the sound made by ducks .
He took the spelling from a line in James Joyce 's Finnegans Wake :
Three quarks for Muster Mark !
Sure he has not got much of a bark
And sure any he has it's all beside the mark .
I ’m going to need a few of these in my house .
Barry picked up on a New York Times article last night about how CD sales were down for the 8th time out of the past 9 years and album sales overall have declined by over 50 % since the year 2000 .
You can believe that this is because of downloads , but the reality , based on the article , is that even the growth of digital downloads is slowing precipitously .
I ’m gonna do everyone in the record business a favor and explain why this is happening – your music sucks .
Let me qualify that …the music that record companies are the most heavily invested in promotionally does not lend itself to repeat listens , only ringtones .
That ’s why no one needs to buy the albums .
2009 may have been the end of the worst decade for popular music ever .
A glance at the top five album sellers will prove my point :
• The best - selling artist of the 2000s was Eminem , selling 32.2 million albums ;
• The Beatles ’ were a close second , selling 30.2 million albums ;
• Tim McGraw was the third - best - selling artist of the 2000s , with a total of 24.8 million ; Toby Keith was 4th at ~ 24 million ; and Britney Spears was No. 5 , at just under 23 million .
Let ’s recap : Eminem , who is undeniably talented but hit - or - miss when not working with Dr Dre , deserves his slot , fine .
Britney ?
Not an artist , more like a product of Hollywood management combined with Swedish pop songwriting and strategically - placed conversation - starter photos in Us Weekly .
Toby Keith merely captured a jingoistic zeitgeist because of the two wars we have been fighting , he is not half the artist ( especially album - wise ) that many of his country music peers are .
The Beatles disbanded in 1970 , their appearance in the top 5 of the 00’s decade speaks volumes in terms of the lack of creativity and imagination in the modern music industry .
As for Tim McGraw , I do n’t believe I can name a single song of his , chalk it up to my Yankeeness , so I have no comment ( but his wife is really hot ) .
REPEAT : Britney sold 23 million albums this past decade .
You are all morons .
I would love to see someone do a chart of album sales versus the consolidation of the radio station business .
The correlation would probably show that as stations are assimilated by the Borg , the quality and diversity of music gets squished into a single , homogenized , mom-approved playlist which ends up hurting sales for virtually everyone .
The “ iPod Shuffle ” radio format may have saved Clear Channel a lot of money but it sucked the life out of the music world .
Were there good albums produced during the 00’s decade ?
Of course , but you had to seek them out because they did n’t get the push that they should have gotten .
It is a tragedy that more people did n’t buy Funeral by the Arcade Fire , or Yankee Hotel Foxtrot by Wilco , or Cease to Begin by Band of Horses , or Evil Urges by My Morning Jacket , or Fishscale by Ghostface Killah , or Transatlanticism by Deathcab for Cutie , or Guero by Beck , or Songs for Silverman by Ben Folds or Hip Hop is Dead by Nas , or Day I Forgot by Pete Yorn , or Welcome Interstate Managers by Fountains of Wayne , or Eye to the Telescope by KT Tunstall , or Electric Version by The New Pornographers , or Elephant by the White Stripes , or Chutes Too Narrow by The Shins , or Be by Common , or American Idiot by Green Day , or Employment by the Kaiser Chiefs , or Sumday by Grandaddy or Veni Vidi Vicious by The Hives , or …. ( these are off the top of my head , there are many other albums from the decade that were masterpieces ) .
Instead , most of you bought Kelly Clarkson and Clay Aiken and the skinny blonde singer and that girl who wore a necktie and claimed to be a punk but performed in shopping malls and the fat dude with that lameass “ Follow Me ” song and the creepy Disney values - friendly boy band that probably gets with chicks 3 at a time behind the scenes and the skinny blonde singer that is n’t that skinny anymore and that ridiculous album where Kanye West becomes a singer and that even more ridiculous Eddie Murphy - esque album where Jamie Foxx thinks he ’s a singer and that freaky chick with all the piercings and tattoos who ended up marrying her Jewish agent or attorney or something and that pig whose name is a color and that 3rd - string member of 50 Cent ’s entourage and the rapper from St Louis who can be found in the dictionary under the word “ Corny ” and that dude who sings about surfing and does n’t wear shoes and that kid who beat up Rihanna and the Songs from The OC soundtrack and that Fallout Boy atrocity and the skinny blonde singer who is not so skinny anymore ’s little sister who was caught lipsynching on SNL and had all kinds of plastic surgery in the hopes that you would buy more of her albums ( and it worked because omfg , you DID by more of her albums ! ) and …. you get the point .
That ’s why the top album sellers of the decade were a fake pop product / trainwreck , a 60 ’s group with only two of four members still alive and a couple of cowboys .
Congratulations American Idol ( and everyone who watches it ) , you succeeded in making everything suck .
Here are the gory details of the record industry , circa 2009 :
CD Sales Continue Free Fall in 2009 ( The Big Picture )
Pothead prohibitionists
One of the curious creatures that we ’ve never really talked about here , is one that sometimes shows up in comment threads ( or , more often , message boards ) that I like to call “ pothead prohibitionist . ”
You know the ones … “ hey man , I can get all the pot I want , so do n’t legalize it , you ’ll just mess things up and have to pay taxes and stuff . ”
Of course , they ’re ignoring all the destructive aspects of prohibition , but as long as their pot is flowing freely , they do n’t care .
Attached to the recent Paul Armentano article I mentioned were two rather extreme cases of this species .
nico1950 wrote on 01/10/2010 07:25:50 PM :
I ’ll wager money marbles or cowshit that in the days of bath tub gin and speakeasys when alcohol was illegal people were much happier then todays mostly miserable drinkers .
Legalize weed and it will take all the fun out of it .
The government has a way of ruining things .
Well , yes , the government does have a way of ruining things ( take a look at the drug war ) .
Bath tub gin ?
Really ?
Those were the good old days , huh ?
Must have grown up on the Dukes of Hazard , Beverly Hillbillies and The Real McCoys .
thomasgee wrote on 01/10/2010 08:04:36 PM :
Legalizing marijuana is the worst idea of all .
What are you legalizing when it becomes an arrestable crime when you can be arrested for being under the influence of a controlled substance ?
Alcohol and marijuana checkpoints could n’t be too far behind .
Imagine having to pay the same exorbitant fines and hassle as a drunk driver only the arrest was for marijuana used while operating a vehicle .
The government and police agencies are drooling over the legalization of pot .
OK , that ’s mostly incoherent ( and apparently he thinks that marijuana smoking is only to be done while driving a car ) , but I can assure you that police agencies are not drooling over the legalization of pot .
Legalization of pot to them means a likely dramatic loss of grant funding ( not to mention loss of seizure funding ) .
These are fringe elements , I realize , but I ’ve always been curious about them .
Are they actually pot dealers without enough ambition to go into legitimate businesses once it ’s legalized ?
Interestingly , despite the fact that they favor prohibition , they tend to fit the stereotype that prohibitionists like to use to paint drug policy reformers .
“ We ’re the real deal , ” Archie Turner said as he packed up his keyboard at 4 a.m. at Wild Bill ’s , a dive bar , barbecue spot and soul joint that is one of the area ’s most belovedly ragged destinations .
Mr. Turner , 64 , is the stepson of the late Willie Mitchell , a record producer who put out seminal albums by the likes of Al Green at Hi Records , his studio around the corner from the better - known Stax .
Memphis rewards localism and loyalty 
Hi Records is still open today  but there is also room for renewal .
New spots like Minglewood Hall , a 1,500 - person concert space , and Nocturnal , where the Electrocity crew sometimes holds parties , are giving Midtown a revamped cultural bite .
If you do n’t mind staying up , you can get a feel for it in one weekend .
And Memphis is small enough , and welcoming enough , that you may meet someone in a bar one night and encounter that person at a party the next .
Its hospitality is infectious .
You might start out , as I did , with a drink at the Cove , a bar that appears unassuming from the outside but serves inventive cocktails like the Vampire , a take on the Bloody Mary , with tequila , tomato juice , red chili salt and balsamic vinegar .
It ’s got a New Orleans style and a nautical theme , with a mast extending over the bar , peeling paint ( there ’s a lot of peeling paint in Memphis ) , ragged booths ( ditto ) and kitschy murals of sailors .
The menu includes oysters and Café du Monde coffee ; movies along the lines of “ Brazil ” play in lieu of sports .
The Cove is on the eastern edge of Midtown , a recently blighted area where artists have taken root .
Not far away is the Odessa Gallery , which explores visual art , music and technology with a D.I.Y. bent .
Old warehouses have been carved into studios by enterprising artists , and the Historic Broad Business Association sponsors an annual gallery tour .
“ The commercial galleries are real conservative , but what Memphis really excels in is a lot of alternative spaces , ” said Dwayne Butcher , an artist who has been documenting the community in a blog , artbutcher .
blogspot.com , for several years .
Visual art has its place in Memphis  Mr. Butcher said the scene was “ always on the verge ”  but music is ever present .
Nearly every bar features a band a night or two a week .
And whenever there is a buzz - worthy show at the Young Avenue Deli or the Hi-Tone Cafe , two clubs that anchor the indie scene in Midtown , it seems as if everyone turns out .
Senator Nick Xenophon has attacked the Church of Scientology .
Senator Xenophon said their correspondence implicated the organisation in a range of crimes , including forced imprisonment , coerced abortions , embezzlement of church funds , physical violence , intimidation and blackmail .
" I am deeply concerned about this organisation and the devastating impact it can have on its followers , " he said .
Senator Xenophon said the Church of Scientology had been convicted of fraud in France and was facing similar charges in Belgium .
A number of the organisation 's former high ranking executives in the US had also recently spoken out against its leader , David Miscavige , saying they had seen him assaulting staff and urging others to do the same , he said .
" What we are seeing is a worldwide pattern of abuse and criminality , " Senator Xenophon said .
" On the body of evidence , this is not happening by accident , it is happening by design .
" Scientology is not a religious organisation , it is a criminal organisation that hides behind its so - called religious beliefs . "
Eight letters from former members of the organisation were tabled in Parliament .
Paul David Schofield said his first daughter Lauren had died after she was allowed to wander one of the Church of Scientology 's Sydney buildings and fell down some stairs .
" My wife and I were actively discouraged from seeking compensation from the church , " he wrote .
" I was also encouraged by church executives to request no coronial inquiry into her death , something I stupidly agreed with at that time . "
Mr Schofield 's second daughter Kirsty also died , in this case after ingesting potassium chloride at the family home - a substance he said was used widely in the organisation 's " purification " programs .
" I did not tell the truth either to the police or the court ( to my shame ) but omitted details which would have ' embarrassed ' the church , " he wrote .
In another letter , Aaron Saxton said that as a member of the organisation , he participated in the " forced confinement and torture " of others .
He wrote that Scientologists considered to be " underperforming " were placed on diets of beans and rice for up to two weeks at a time , and they were also not allowed to access medications or undergo procedures such as pap smears .
In her letter to Senator Xenophon , Carmel Underwood said she knew of one instance where a Church of Scientology trainee counsellor 's molestation of his step - daughter was covered up .
While in another episode , Ms Underwood said the organisation interrogated her over three days in Sydney about her alleged " misdeeds " .
Senator Xenophon said many names had been erased from the letters he had tabled in Parliament .
" But those names have n't been removed from copies I am providing to the police , " he told the Senate .
Loading " This organisation must be investigated . "
The Non-Expert Jan 6 , 2010 Just Like Heaven
Experts answer what they know .
The Non-Expert answers anything .
This week we answer that eternal question :
What happens after we die ?
Have a question ?
Need some advice ?
Ignored by everyone else ?
Send us your questions via email .
The Non-Expert handles all subjects and is written by a member of The Morning News staff .
Credit : Paul Ford
Question :
Is there an afterlife ?
— Matt
Answer :
If you ever need to make your own Grand Canyon , start with a river and lift up the earth .
As the ground rises the river will carry some of it away .
Wait seven million years , at which point tourists will come .
Some will see eons of erosion at work ; others will believe that , a mere 4,500 years back , God dragged His fingernail across the desert .
Like the group of evangelical - Christian creationists that rafted through in 2005 .
“ One of the things it says to me , ” a rafter was quoted as saying , “ is I ’m small and God and the world He created is huge .
This is a man-dwarfing place . ”
2 .
Some things to see in the Canyon : rattlesnakes ; Buddha Temple ; burros ; Confucius Temple ; condors ; Cremation Creek ; and , in particular , Darwin Plateau .
3 .
In Latin evolvere means “ to unroll , ” like a sacred scroll .
The word “ evolve ” implies action .
But evolution is n’t what happens ; it ’s what ’s left over .
Traits arise in populations ; death sweeps through ; some traits survive to the next generation .
And repeat .
Species do n’t evolve — they erode .
And the rock keeps lifting .
4 .
Know The Canyon ’s History , Study Rocks Made By Time .
That is a mnemonic to help you remember the layers of the Canyon : Kaibab limestone , Toroweap formation , Coconino sandstone , and so forth .
The mnemonic leaves out the Vishnu Schist , and makes no note of the Great Unconformity , which is not a layer but the absence of a layer .
For an unconformity to form , one stratum is exposed and erodes ( in this case for between 250 million and 1.2 billion years ) .
Then new sediment is deposited and hardens , and the old layer is finally buried , after a gigayear in the sun .
Eventually the ground lifts and erosion begins anew .
5 .
After enough erosion you get tourists , 4.5 million a year , interested in the old rock .
They ignore — because it ’s long gone — the sediment washed away , but visit an old lady in a hogan to buy a blanket , a turquoise necklace , and a Kachina doll .
Then they go home as citizens of a broader world , simultaneously humbled and embiggened , leaving behind empty water bottles .
Detail from Tertiary History of the Grand Cañon District , With Atlas
6 .
There is tourism for the body — a trip to the Jersey Shore or Ibiza , waterparks and nightclubs .
Return relaxed , brain scooped .
There is tourism for the mind — a walk through the Louvre , a visit to the Liberty Bell .
The Grand Canyon is a little of each .
7 .
So , too , a century or two ago , was Green - Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn , then second only to Niagara Falls as a New York tourist destination .
Today you can take a trolley tour — but death trips are n’t what they used to be .
Modern people do n’t dawdle in graveyards , not unless there ’s a hook .
For instance : Last year I went to a dance performance at Green - Wood .
Women in white moved about and struck poses among , and inside , the tombs , as others played accordion .
An audience of several hundred walked from scene to scene .
“ My father and mother are here , ” said a man to my right .
“ I ’m enjoying this . ”
At the end of the show they asked for donations and I put $ 10 in the box .
8 .
The neighborhoods around Green - Wood are worn out .
There ’s a bus depot on one side .
In July I was riding my bike there , looking at monuments through the tall fence , when I ran over an empty penis - pump box , canceled postage attached .
I stopped , between the graveyard and the buses , and tried to imagine what had happened : Someone pulled his ( we can assume a man ) car ( we can assume a minivan ? ) into the furtive dark , next to the graveyard , and in anticipation and anxiety unboxed the device , tossed the packaging , and started the treatment .
“ Dude , dude , hey , ” said the dead .
“ What are you doing ? ”
9 .
But do n’t pity the dead .
They have time on their mouldering hands , and all they do is think of ways to vex us .
They watch we living go about our dirty business — lying and cheating ; penis - pumping ; pirating pop music — and smile , amused , cool , indifferent , they ’re like high - functioning heroin addicts , or cats .
You want to get their attention , make them notice , shine a laser pointer on the ground and watch them scramble out of their graves .
But that would n’t work , because nothing , no matter how you try , gets the dead ’s goat .
They ’re the natives .
We ’re the tourists .
From Green - Wood Illustrated , in Highly Finished Line Engraving
10 .
Raised in the liberal Protestant youth - group tradition I understood hell as absence from God and heaven as a kind of communion .
After death , I believed , you just would hang there in space , connected to everything else , wired into a reticulation of phosphorescent splines .
No wings , no ghosts , nothing to resurrect .
11 .
Joan Didion in The Year of Magical Thinking could n’t throw away her dead husband ’s shoes , for fear that he ’d need them when he returned .
After my grandfather died I used to fantasize that I could call him and he would answer .
“ Hey buddy , ” he ’d say .
“ I was just thinking of you . ”
But they changed the area code for that part of Pennsylvania , from 215 to 610 , sold the house , and got rid of his clothes .
12 .
He died in the mid-1990s , when there was much talk , as the internet emerged as a social force , of the imminent Singularity , the emergence of total intelligence .
The human could be translated out of its body and into machines , free of the meat , of the flesh .
We would hang there , wired into a reticulation of phosphorescent splines .
“ Cyberspace is where you are , ” wrote John Perry Barlow , “ when you ’re on the phone . ”
When bloggers die their comment boxes are often filled with spam ; sometimes the domain names expire ; and , later , squatters take over .
“ Communication , ” wrote William S. Burroughs , “ must become total and conscious before we can stop it . ”
13 .
Last year I visited a friend in Rhode Island .
We ate dinner in Providence .
He told me his 82 - year - old father was getting weak .
And for himself : “ I ’m turning 40 , ” he said .
“ I did n’t expect all this . ”
He looked at his dinner plate .
“ Do n’t laugh , but I was counting on the Singularity . ”
14 .
There are moments that come to me in the shower .
Emotions combine in certain alchemical ways and bring upon me a desire to fall to my knees , heart pregnant with celestial fire .
I am ready to subjugate myself to the sky sprites ; prepared to say , “ Not my will , but Thine . ”
But , sadly , I am apostate .
I do n’t believe .
15 .
My mother lives in the panhandle of Maryland , near West Virginia .
I visited her not long ago and we went to her small hilltop Methodist church .
The service was halfway between evangelical ( PowerPoint ) and mainstream ( hands clasped , not raised , in prayer ) .
The minister spoke against internet pornography and warned of the unchecked rise of godlessness .
Darwin was not in fashion there .
The pews were half - full .
When they passed the plate I put in $ 5 .
It ’s not atheism keeping people at home .
16 .
In their graceless state the godless are supposed to be allergic to places of terror and emptiness .
Foxholes , Ground Zero , outer space — all locations , I ’ve been told , where you wo n’t find atheists .
“ Clay is fashioned into vessels , ” reads the 11th chapter of the Tao Te Ching ( written 2,500 years after Noah ’s flood carved out the Grand Canyon ) , “ but it is on their empty hollowness that their use depends . ”
17 .
At the Canyon it ’s the distances that make the picture .
Seven million years of the river slicing open a billion years of rock , leaving thousand - foot drops ; tens of millions of tourists , running their fingers over the surface , slowly buffing it to a gloss — ministers and geologists alike .
The walls hold in the hollowness .
18 .
One of Western culture ’s great tourist stops is a poem about the surface of an urn :
Heard melodies are sweet , but those unheard
Are sweeter ; therefore , ye soft pipes , play on
19 .
“ Therefore , ” concludes the 11th chapter of the Tao Te Ching , “ what has a ( positive ) existence serves for profitable adaptation , and what has not that for ( actual ) usefulness . ”
Such as the space between letters , words , and paragraphs .
20 .
I believe there is an afterlife .
When we die we go to the Grand Canyon .
There we hover in the vastness as soft pipes play .
We become a useful emptiness above the green , blue , Red River ; we become the thing that tourists cannot see .
Natives .
Happy Birthday To Me. Now I Need Your Help .
" When a man 's best friend is his dog , that dog has a problem . " -- Edward Abbey
A few months ago , I posted that in general I do n't like people .
And while sure there was some jest in that statement , there was also some truth .
People lie .
People steal .
People borrow your money and do n't pay it back .
People back into your car and do n't leave a note .
People are selfish .
People murder .
People set dogs on fire .
People force dogs to fight and then discard their shattered bodies like garbage .
People suck .
On the morning of April 11th , a kind old woman in Belmont , North Carolina came across the crumbled body of what she thought was a dead dog on the side of the road .
Expecting the worst , she took the time to look closer and was both delighted and horrified to find this female pit bull barely alive ; shattered limbs unable to carry her body any further , blood seeping from maggot infested wounds , skin stretched taunt over exposed ribs , dull broken eyes looking up at her begging for relief .
This dog did n't have the strength to lift her head as the woman approached , she could only offer a muffled whimper .
Surely others had driven past this horribly wounded dog , but no one bothered to stop .
Not until this woman did .
Such is the nature of man , I guess .
But , thankfully our Good Samaritan did stop , and she scooped this dog 's limp body up in her arms and brought her to the Eastridge Animal Hospital .
There veterinarians examined her and came to the conclusion she should be saved , but it was going to require some pretty extensive ( and costly ! ) surgery .
Upon hearing of Gypsy 's condition , Joann Hager of Tri County Animal Rescue immediately told the vets to go ahead with treatment -- she would find a way to pay for it .
As best anyone can guess , Gypsy ( as she is now named ) , was used in dog fights .
Her ears were cut away so her opponent would have nothing to bite on to and drag her to the ground .
She had bite wounds all over her body and the tissue around the wounds was rotting and putrid .
In fact , when the veterinary staff tried to feed her , she could n't eat because of the bite wounds inside her mouth .
Yes , I said inside .
As of this writing , Gypsy has undergone several surgeries over the past few days .
The damage to her right front leg was so extensive the doctors were forced to amputate it .
Dead and dying tissue was cut away leaving this lovable dog horribly disfigured .
The stents that were sewn into her skin to allow her wounds to drain give this lovable dog a nightmarish look .
As you look at her post - surgery pictures you may think Gypsy is baring her teeth or growling ; she 's not .
The dead tissue around her mouth has rotted away ; she no longer has lips to cover her teeth .
And yet despite all this , she still managed to wag her tail after her first surgeries .
That my friends , is why dogs rule .
Gypsy has taken the first steps on her long road to recovery .
But she is not out of the woods just yet .
Doctors in Tennessee will need to perform plastic surgery to recreate the portions of her face that have rotted away .
These upcoming procedures , on top of the care she 's already received , come at a substantial price .
While Tri County Animal Rescue has received more than enough letters of encouragement , they have not received enough donations to pay for Gypsy 's medical care .
When I spoke with Joann on Friday , she estimates they had received just over $ 6,000 in donations -- well shy of the $ 10,000 they estimate her care to cost .
This leaves at least a $ 4,000 deficit , probably more when all is said and done .
That my friends , is where you come in .
With Sean Schaefer debacle last week , I received many emails of people writing in and admitting they were guilty of the same thing - never having stepped up to help when they could have .
Just brushing aside my requests and thinking , " Oh someone else will donate . "
Well now is your opportunity to make a difference and you could n't ask for a better one .
Kids , the only thing standing between this lovable three legged pooch and a full recovery is a few thousand dollars .
Is the army of EHOWA going to let that happen ?
I think not .
So , as has become a custom here at EHOWA , this will be one of the two times a year when I will ask you , my faithful readers , for help .
So I am asking you , I am begging you , to donate what you can to the Tri County Animal Rescue to pay for the remainder of Gypsy 's medical costs .
Five bucks .
Ten bucks .
Twenty bucks .
Whatever you can spare .
And I do n't want to hear , " Oh I do n't have the cash right now . "
Sure you do .
Five bucks - the cost of quick lunch in drive thru .
Ten bucks - a round of beers .
Twenty bucks - popcorn and two movie tickets .
You can do it .
I know we can knock this right out of the ballpark if we all pitch in .
Take a moment and look at your dog laying next to you .
Try to imagine what it would be like if their leg were so horribly mangled doctors would have to cut it off .
Think of them having so many untreated wounds that the flesh was actually rotting off their bodies .
Now try to imagine if your dog did n't have you in their corner caring for them .
That 's what Gypsy is going through right now .
So crack those piggy banks .
Make me proud .
Please donate to Gypsy .
A human being visited unspeakable cruelty on this poor dog .
Think about that for a second .
A dog .
Man 's best friend .
The fact that someone would do this to a dog tells me what kind of a person they are .
What does that say about us if turn a blind eye ?
Cauvin , Inc. is an Austin - based corporation specializing in strategically - focused product management services .
Understand Your Market
We interview prospective customers of your products , conduct surveys , and observe customers in their native environments .
Our consultants ' facilitation and analysis skills set them apart in delivering these services .
Strategize for Success
We define what should go in your products and identify the key messages you should use in marketing them .
Strategic marketing is not common sense .
The principles of marketing and a solid understanding of customers drive our recommendations .
Click here to request a free phone or in - person consultation to get the details of what we can do for you .
Everyone seems to be waiting for a thaw but I ’m loving the snow .
Day 3 in the tundra , this time out in Glencull , near Ballygawley .
You can normally see the neighbouring towns of Augher , Clogher and Aughnacloy from up this high , but the fog in the valleys means there ’s no chance of that this week .
Talking with a few colleagues I was reminded about a misery index used in the 1970s to measure the real feel of the stagflation hitting the country .
Today , we have a more insidious version of economic crisis because what is good for Wall Street is counter to what is good for the average American .
There seemed to be some cheer regarding the latest employment report that unemployment dropped to 10 percent yet overall 11,000 people still lost their jobs .
We still have 27,000,000 unemployed and underemployed Americans .
At closer examination , it looks like last month ’s data is more of a statistical aberration instead of a new trend .
Today we are going to look at a few indicators of the new misery index .
Food Stamps
Nearly 37 million Americans are on some form of food assistance , the largest percentage on record .
It is hard to argue with food stamp data since these are usually allocated to Americans who can least afford any bumps in their income .
They are simply trying to meet the basic necessities of daily life .
That is why we have heard multiple stories of people waiting until the clock strikes midnight so they can begin shopping at Wal - Mart for food .
It is also the case that those at the bottom of our economic ladder are usually the first to be let go when recessions hits .
The unemployment rate for those with a college degree is 5 percent while those with no college education have a rate of 15 percent .
If we dig deeper , only 1 out 4 Americans have a bachelor ’s degree so the average American has none to little college education and thus makes it harder to compete in the current troubled workforce .
I ’ve seen many reports were schools , companies , and even households have cut back on manual labor positions which are usually very low paying .
This is one of the primary reasons why those at the bottom are seeing such crushing blows in this recession .
The above data tells us a very different story from what is happening on Wall Street .
There is also a financial cost to this :
Last year $ 37 billion was spent on food stamps .
This year we are going to be solidly over $ 40 billion ( possibly $ 45 billion ) .
Bankruptcy
There are few things more painful than bankruptcy .
Bankruptcy is largely a disappearing middle class phenomenon .
Whereas with food stamps , you have to have virtually zero in assets with bankruptcy it is expected that you have something that you are filing bankruptcy against .
In many cases this is crushing debt from credit cards and other consumer loans but now , a large number of bankruptcy is now caused by the popping housing bubble .
Bankruptcy filings are typically the end of the line for many Americans .
They no longer can sustain their payments and have to file .
In 85 percent of the cases there is “ no - asset ” for creditors to go after .
This number is very high contrary to what is happening on Wall Street .
Credit Access
Americans have come to rely on their credit cards as if they were part of their monthly budget .
No longer just a convenience product it has become the payment option of choice .
It also made it easier for people to spend beyond their means because credit card companies understand human nature .
Well that is now coming back to hit many people including credit card companies .
But unlike the credit card companies , the average American does n’t have access to unlimited funds from the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve .
During the peak , Americans came close to touching $ 1 trillion in credit card debt .
That number has now fallen to approximately $ 890 billion due to defaults and credit card companies simply removing access to credit in the marketplace .
Yet this pinch is hurting Americans in the short run .
Many of us will agree that many spent beyond their means .
Yet the hypocrisy that we are seeing is that banks are not needing to cut back because of their taxpayer bailout while they expect customers to tighten their belts .
It is the ultimate double standard but it shows who is running the show in D.C .
The fact that credit card companies are now adding onerous terms and traps for good paying customers shows how desperate they are to milk every last penny from the average American .
Unemployment and Hiring
If you look at the latest data from Gallup , employers are hiring and firing at the same rate as in March of this year when it seemed the entire world was flying off a cliff .
Yet today , we are still seeing the exact same numbers .
The fact that there are 6 Americans for every 1 job opening shows that the employment situation is still deep in the hole .
Without hiring or job growth , how are we to expect and sustainable recovery .
Things have gotten so bad that people cheer simply because the unemployment rate did n’t go up .
Too bad they ignore discouraged workers or part - time workers but that is of no consequence to the Wall Street crowd .
Until hiring picks up , the employment situation is still going to feel miserable .
Housing
And finally , the last piece we will look at in our misery index is monthly foreclosure filings .
Even with every kind of bailout and government assistance , monthly foreclosure filings are still near their peak .
It is hard to make any housing payment without a job , moratorium or no moratorium .
And that is largely a problem of how we attacked this problem .
It was assumed that if you fixed the banks and housing , all else would be fine .
But the banks only wanted to fix housing because that is where their money and leverage was .
They did n’t care about job growth .
In fact , if employment was solid and wages had n’t been stagnant for a decade then higher home prices would have made sense .
Yet higher home prices merely because of higher bank leverage was the ultimate recipe for disaster .
The average American is now paying this bill by losing their home and bailing out Wall Street .
A two hit combo .
Until overall foreclosures begin decreasing , many are still going to deal with the burden of too much debt on homes that are worth less than they once were .
When we look at these five sectors most directly linked to Americans , you can see why there is very little to any recovery .
Unless you only care about the stock markets we have much to fix before we can issue a recovery statement .
The facts are very different from what is coming from Wall Street and D.C .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Which distro offers the best experience ?
Updated : January 22 , 2010
There are hundreds of Linux distributions available worldwide , kitted with an infinite number of kernel / desktop / applications combos , each offering a unique perspective and usage model .
Still , true to the Pareto principle , most of the Linux desktop belongs to a very small number of distributions , including mainly Ubuntu and its derivatives , Fedora , openSUSE , Mandriva , and a few more .
Hop over to DistroWatch and see for yourself .
So the big question is , what makes these distros so popular , or better yet , preferred over other candidates ?
Ultimately , which one offers the most complete all - round experience of all ?
In this article , I 've taken five most popular distributions and tested them one against another across a range of categories , trying to pinpoint the one that suits me best .
You will note this is an entirely subjective experiment , completely subjugated to my own taste and need .
Nevertheless , I hope my test will still be impartial enough for you to consider it when choosing your distribution .
I will present each one briefly , link to long and extensive reviews I 've written and summarize the pros and cons .
Finally , I 'll sum up the points and declare the winner to this challenge .
Let us begin .
Ubuntu
My reviews
Ubuntu 9.10 review
Kubuntu 9.10 review
Ubuntu 9.04 review
Ubuntu 8.10 review
Ubuntu on my new laptop ( quadruple boot )
Pros :
Ubuntu has a very powerful and fast package manager , APT in the backend , with Synaptic in the frontend .
It 's very easy and safe to use .
Being the most popular distribution around , Ubuntu enjoys the privilege of having many new Linux programs written specifically for it .
Ubuntu is relatively light on resources and easy to master , offering Windows users a painless path into the world of Linux .
Security wise , it ships with solid default settings , including no open ports .
You also have sudo and no root enabled .
Cons :
Ubuntu deviates from many Linux standards , creating its own unique set of rules that are out of compliance with the rest of the UNIX - like world .
This includes the way the system is managed and services are run .
Another big problem is the very short release cycle , usually ending in many bugs and broken packages .
The worst part is that things that used to work break , creating a torrent of problems to existing users .
Fedora
My reviews
Fedora 12 Constantine
Fedora 11 Leonidas
Fedora 10 Cambridge
Pros :
Fedora is a fast distro and a technology leader .
Most of the new technologies in the Linux world go through Fedora first .
Hardware detection is quite good .
Fedora also places high emphasis on security .
Cons :
Fedora is always on the brink of alpha - beta quality and is unsuitable for a production environment .
It suffers from lots of crashes .
It is also more geared toward experienced users .
The default package selection is somewhat poor .
Linux Mint
My reviews
Linux Mint 6 Felicia
Linux Mint 8
Helena review coming soon !
This means that some of the findings in this comparison may not fully or correctly reflect the repertoires of goodies and baddies that Helena brings to the table .
So stay tuned .
Pros :
Linux Mint is based on Ubuntu , so it derives the good stuff .
What more , Linux Mint ships with proprietary codecs out of the box , allowing new users to enjoy stuff like Flash or MP3 playback out of the box .
Cons :
Linux
Mint suffers from the same ailments as Ubuntu , due to being directly dependent on it .
The distribution also has a smaller user base and support .
openSUSE
My reviews
openSUSE 11.2 Gnome edition
openSUSE 11.2 KDE edition
openSUSE 11.0
Pros :
openSUSE is a distribution funded by a Linux leader , Novell .
This means the distribution is rather bug - free and well polished before any release .
Lots of attention is given cross-platform compatibility and operability .
The distro comes with a rich selection of programs .
Cons :
openSUSE package management is slower than Debian - based APT .
Just for comparison , note that SUSE Enterprise editions use APT as the package manager !
openSUSE can be a little more difficult to setup by newbies .
Mandriva
My reviews
Mandriva 2010
Mandriva 2009
Pros :
Mandriva 2010 is a very slick distro for every day use .
It comes loaded with lots of great programs , 3D drivers out of the box , and proprietary codecs , allowing the home user an almost seamless experience instantly .
Cons :
While the distribution is well executed , it does suffer from some glaring QA issues here and there .
Furthermore , the level of quality between releases fluctuates too much .
The user base is also smaller than above counterparts .
Head - on challenge !
OK , we now know what our fighters have to offer .
Let 's see how all these compare across different categories , randomly chosen .
Installation
How difficult is it to get the distro installed ?
How rich is the installer ?
How powerful and flexible is it ?
Well , when it comes to being safe , nothing beats openSUSE .
It 's as if a man is sitting there , making sure the default choices are right for you .
Mandriva has the least friendly installer .
Ubuntu and Mint share the simplest one , but it lacks features .
Fedora is kind of neutral .
Feature wise , openSUSE also has the most options available .
Winner : openSUSE
Desktop looks
The Wow factor is the one that blueprints its pattern onto your retina in the first three seconds of use .
The moment you launch the desktop and start exploring .
I must admin Mandriva looks phenomenal , but it's hard to beat the prophetic professionalism of openSUSE Gnome edition .
Ubuntu looks slightly outdated .
Mint and Fedora just feel ordinary .
Fedora has undergone a downlift , with the stripping of its lovely theme and fonts from Leonidas to Constantine .
I 'd say , Mandriva KDE and openSUSE Gnome share the spot as the winners .
Winner : Mandriva & openSUSE
Software management
Software management definitely belongs to the APT / Synaptic family , so Ubuntu and Mint are the winner here .
While the rest follow gallantly , the speed and the ease of use are no match to the foolproof APT .
Winner : Ubuntu & Mint
Out of the box experience
Out of the box experience is what you most impatient , Ritalin - starved kid and the oldest grandma in the world would feel when given the distros for a spin .
Out of the box experience includes all sorts of programs , codecs for proprietary stuff , access to gadgets , and whatnot .
Fedora default set is weak .
openSUSE has the most balanced set .
Mandriva and Mint are the richest , with no clear winner .
Winner : Mandriva & Mint
Security
Security is a combination of factors , including the default settings and the addons .
Ubuntu packs no open ports , sudo mechanism and AppArmor profiles in a decent package .
Fedora ups that with SELinux , but it 's quite aggressive and sometimes lashes back at the user .
openSUSE ranks close to Ubuntu .
Mandriva is the last here , although that 's far from being bad .
Simply less paranoid than the bunch , that 's all .
Verdict : Fedora , although your hand will be bitten by too much security
Performance
Performance combines boot times , memory usage , response time when launching applications , and finally , the ability to run lots of stuff all at once .
In my test , Fedora used the least resources , closely followed by Mandriva .
Kubuntu was quite heavy .
openSUSE is in the middle range of the hunger scale .
Winner : Fedora
Ease of use
Ease of use is the ability of a clueless user to adapt .
In this regard , Mandriva and Linux Mint are closely tied , with powerful centralized management and tons of great programs readily available .
Winner : Mint & Mandriva
Stability
Stability refers to having your machine runs smoothly and flawlessly , without any crashes , without any programs breaking in between and after important updates .
With the initrd bug and PulseAudio shenanigans , the Ubuntu family loses its vote of confidence .
With dozens of kernel crashes in the matter of just a few sessions , Fedora definitely loses here .
Mandriva is quite stable , but openSUSE is the definite winner , having the merciless vigilance of Novell behind it .
Winner : openSUSE
Support
Support is the combination of the release cycle , release support and the ability to find solution to problems .
Ubuntu and openSUSE are tied here , with Ubuntu having a huge and friendly forum , whereas openSUSE milks from the big , professional , corporate teat .
Cycle release and long - term support is an issue with all these , with Fedora being the worst , at only 13 months .
The rest follow with 18 months of support .
Winner : openSUSE and Ubuntu , tied .
Graphics support
This refers to having 3D drivers available .
Ubuntu has the restricted drivers feature , which is quite handy , but then it 's only for new hardware .
If you 're running an old machine , you can forget about 3D driver support .
Fedora has the drivers out of the box , but they are buggy .
Mandriva offers a smooth experience , even on antiquated hardware .
openSUSE has the repos for Nvidia , but no ATI support as yet .
Winner : Mandriva
Network support
Here , we 're talking Wireless , Bluetooth , Samba sharing , and proxy .
Wireless and Bluetooth pose no issue to modern distro , but many fail the Samba and proxy support .
Proxy wise , openSUSE leads , being the closest thing to corporate desktop .
However , other more home - oriented distributions forget the fact most enterprise / corporate users will be running behind proxy .
Samba sharing is the weak spot with Fedora , which blocks network access by default and requires tweaking the firewall rules - or turning them off - to get to network shares .
Xubuntu , a Ubuntu derivate with Xfce desktop , fails miserably in the proxy category , ending with an infinite login loop when one is specified , to say nothing of the fact there 's no GUI menu entry to set it , requiring command - line tweaking .
Kubuntu was also less friendly when it came to sharing .
Winner : openSUSE
Verdict !
Time to count all the points ...
Oh , do all categories rank equally ?
I do not know .
That 's for you to decide .
I will be fair and weigh them all the same .
So , browsing through the results , it 's clear that for the average Linux user , the best choice is :
openSUSE , with 5 points .
Mandriva , with 4 points .
Mint , with 3 points .
Fedora & Ubuntu , with 2 points .
The winner is : openSUSE .
We will gloat soon , let 's first see a few more distros ...
Other candidates
I do know I have not tested a number of other popular , successful distributions like PCLinuxOS , Sabayon , CentOS , and others , but I had to draw a line somewhere .
While it is true that both PCLinuxOS and Sabayon offer phenomenal experience out of the box , they are still relatively niche distributions .
Similarly , CentOS is the king of stability and support , but it takes time to configure for desktop use .
Ultimate distribution
If I were allowed to mix without any regard to limitations , then I would definitely combine the following ingredients into one magical , almighty distro :
openSUSE installation , Sabayon desktop , Ubuntu software management , Mandriva out of the box experience , Fedora security , Puppy performance , Mint easy of use , Slackware stability , CentOS support , Mandriva graphics support , and openSUSE network support .
Excluding reality constraints , then this what the Linux distribution ought to be .
Let 's not forget them , after all ...
Now , not to keep the fans of smaller distros suffer with neglect , I 've decided to list down the biggest pros and cons of several other Linux editions out there , which may not be in the top five , but are definitely high up and most worthy the consideration .
This applies for distributions I 've tested , that is .
Based on the DistroWatch popularity meter for the past six months :
Place 6 : Debian - not reviewed yet at Dedoimedo , but coming soon .
Place 7 : Puppy - king of speed and customization , extremely versatile , the ultimate live CD distro , light on resources , great dial - up support , not suited for installations .
Place 8 : Sabayon - an amazing live experience , tons of programs , some stability issues , very demanding on the resources , based on Gentoo , so the internals are frightening .
Place 9 : PCLinuxOS - Fantastic live CD experience , an almost perfect mix of programs , small userbase , development problems on and off .
Place 10 : Arch -
Not reviewed , a minimalistic distro for very experienced users .
Place 11 : Slackware -
An old timer for more experienced user , ultra-stable , somewhat spartan and difficult to setup .
Worth checking derivatives like Wolvix and Vector .
Place 12 : FreeBSD - Not Linux really .
Place 13 : CentOS - Excellent support and stability , the traditional Linux in every sense , ideal for running servers , somewhat outdated by home standards and more difficult to setup .
Place 14 : Mepis - Solid , average , rounded distro .
Some runner ups :
Dreamlinux - slick looks , excellent multimedia support , difficult installation .
gOS - Ubuntu derivate loaded with Google stuff , Mac - OSX - like desktop .
And that 's it , I 'm spent !
Conclusion
There you have , Dedoimedo has decreed that is the best overall choice for the average Linux user is openSUSE , effective end of 2009 .
Dedoimedo has spoke .
It turns out that openSUSE is probably the best distribution for you .
It has its ups and downs , but the bottom line , it 's probably the most refined product of all , which is not surprising , given its roots .
It 's a business model shipped for free , after all .
However , mileage may vary .
If the most important thing for you is apt - get , then you will go for the Ubuntu family , if you hate Mono , then you wo n't be using openSUSE , if you must have security , it 's Fedora for you .
And so forth .
But all combined , my verdict leans toward the green German lizard .
Still , you have many other exciting candidates out there , do not forget them !
You are more than welcome to dispute my decision , flame me , accuse me of fanboyism , or better yet , send a constructive counter - argument so I can include it in the article .
Cheers .
956 K views
Moving sculpture Arthur Ganson • TED2004 • March 2004
Sculptor and engineer Arthur Ganson talks about his work — kinetic art that explores deep philosophical ideas and is gee - whiz fun to look at .
By now whatever has hit that fan will have hit .
It does n’t matter to me whether or not you agree with what I did .
The main thing to bear it mind was that I did SOMETHING .
Those who may complain about the details , the ethics of fighting fire with fire or whether or not we have to take some sort of higher moral ground need to step aside and let FORCE ONEdo what it has to do .
Every day that goes by with the likes of Browne , Coffey and whoever pitches the woo in your neighborhood is a day that denies bereaved people their right to have peace with their departed loved ones , sick or diseased people proper access to competent medical care and the personal freedoms to be able to decide for themselves what and how their own futures will play out .
Do n’t get me wrong .
I have little confidence that the rubes who lined up alongside me that night will ever care a whit about truth or what a person like Sylvia can do .
They do n’t care , take joy in dwelling on the misfortunes of others or are blissfully and willingly ignorant .
I have pity on them all , but the head of the snake must be removed to have any lasting effect .
It was never my sole intention to try to save any of them from what they crave anymore than how I might vainly attempt to dissuade a drug addict or a alcoholic from destroying their life .
I would like to make difference for them , but I ’m not stupid enough to think standing up and calling Sylvia out as a fraud in the crowd that night would have made any difference at all .
In fact , it ’s my opinion that I would have been booed and abruptly removed like any of the countless other people who have tried in vain to call her out on her treachery in public .
People make choices and they have to live with them .
No , I was going for something more dramatic and hopefully more effective .
It was SYLVIA HERSELF whose bow I meant to send a warning shot across .
She now knows that there will be people like myself standing in line with the other sheep no matter where she goes .
If there is any doubt left in her mind that she is not safe to tread the boards unchallenged , last Tuesday night at the Universal Amphitheatre should have given her pause to consider .
Hopefully , FORCE ONE has lighted a fuse in the hearts and minds of many other outraged citizens ( skeptical or not ) who previously might have thought they were helpless in the face of these monsters .
The first prong of my two - pronged pitchfork was to get in her face .
I have always admired Tyrone Power ’s supreme moment in “ Nightmare Alley ” ( 1948 ) when as mentalist The Great Stanton , he gets the entire audience in the palm of his hand by blurting out a rambling bunch of pre-planned “ visions , ” then crumples into an unconscious pile on the stage .
I have tried this ruse a few times in seance situations and always found it a show stopper .
When I have had the nerve to apply this technique , I will lie perfectly still until someone wonders aloud if I ’m okay or attempts to rouse me by shaking me back into consciousness .
This is albeit a shaky premise for the standard crowd , but in this instance at Universal ; this was anything but a standard crowd and as any good skeptic knows , extraordinary claims require , … well you know , … extraordinary bullshit .
I have always admired Tyrone Power ’s supreme moment in “ Nightmare Alley ” ( 1948 ) when as mentalist The Great Stanton , he gets the entire audience in the palm of his hand by blurting out a rambling bunch of pre-planned “ visions , ” then crumples into an unconscious pile on the stage .
I have tried this ruse a few times in seance situations and always found it a show stopper .
When I have had the nerve to apply this technique , I will lie perfectly still until someone wonders aloud if I ’m okay or attempts to rouse me by shaking me back into consciousness .
This is albeit a shaky premise for the standard crowd , but in this instance at Universal ; this was anything but a standard crowd and as any good skeptic knows , extraordinary claims require , … well you know , … extraordinary bullshit .
In the few minutes I had to cobble together my plan that night , I had to make a choice of my own : stay in the comfort zone and go home that night unfulfilled or go over the top and face the consequences .
I chose the latter .
Most of the audience had been given red tickets as they entered which were to be used as a raffle .
If your number was called , you were invited to come down to the stage and get in line for a reading .
Since I arrived quite early on , I had not been given a number , but I figured … who would check the numbers anyway ?
If I just got up and came down to the stage , nobody was likely to look at my ticket .
I was fully prepared to go up anyway .
As it turned out , three other people from a local skeptic group had been given tickets .
When I told them during intermission what steps I had already taken and that I really wanted to shake up the audience , each kindly proffered their ticket .
But would n’t you know it , … the last number Montel called out was indeed my number !
Providence ?
Hmmmmmm .
Maybe it was my spirit guide or something .
I might not have been able to summon the courage I needed to get up if it had n’t been a genuine number , but when I looked down at the ticket in my hand , there it was .
I knew I had to act .
My number was up .
On the way down to the stage area and while I listened to the other questions , I determined that I would go into a trance of my own , playing on Sylvia ’s own psychic shtick , acting as if the voices of the dead people I had memorized from my list were speaking through me to her .
I wanted to tell her they were angry that she had put their parents and relatives through such pain .
It worked beautifully , but by the time I had uttered the second name , Montel ( who has obviously been hired to “ moderate ” Sylvia ’s answers , prime her and keep her on track ) began to interrupt as both of them quickly figured out what was going on .
It would have been difficult to continue any other way and make any sort of dignified escape from the spotlight at that point .
So , staying in character ; I pulled a “ Tyrone ” and slumped to the floor , making sure to take the microphone and stand with me for good measure .
I stayed inert with eyes closed on the floor for several seconds waiting to hear what would happen .
I was shocked when I heard no further comment from Sylvia about me or my condition and that she quickly went right on with the next person in line .
That alone should have told any compassionate human beings who happened to be in the audience what an uncaring individual she is .
I might have been dead for all she cared .
Truth is , – she probably hoped by then that I was dead .
Soon I could hear one of her handlers tell the usher to call 911 .
I quickly surmised this ballgame would be a big mistake for me to continue .
I was n’t about to incur any ambulance bills , carry on my act to the hospital or fake anything any longer .
I told the assembled throng that I was okay and shambled up the stairs accompanied by two Amphitheatre guards .
I was escorted to a back stage area , where the in - house first aid person showed up to check me out .
She was a nice helpful young lady in her twenties who skillfully took my pulse and blood pressure .
Both turned out to be normal .
She was as puzzled as everybody else .
I tried to tell her that I might have just lapsed into a light trance or not eaten enough that night , but when she began to take out triplicate paperwork that looked official , I knew the game was up .
The guards had gone back to watching the show , so I spilled the beans to her .
I told her I was a psychic investigator who was investigating the claims of Sylvia Browne and trying to get her to look like the fraud she is in front of the audience .
She lightened up and was very interested in a non-official capacity .
And now here ’s the kicker as far as she was concerned :
After telling her in no uncertain terms that I was a skeptic and out to nail this phony medium , she asked me for a reading !
Unbelievable !
She actually said to me , “ Will my husband get a good job soon .?
For me , this was one of the most surreal parts of the whole evening .
This was a staff EMT person !
She was trained in science and facts , yet she still thought I could give her some sort of advice even after I told her I was an outright fraud .
We are in deep trouble folks .
If this sort of situation is n’t ripe for reality television , I do n’t know what is .
You ca n’t write comedy like this .
For those wondering what the second prong of my two pronged attack was , it was my own way of trying to generate some curiosity in the same names I blurted out to the audience that night .
I trusted ( perhaps naively ) that many people would want to know who exactly I was talking about .
This part of the deal make take years to really make a difference , but it was worth a shot .
Before leaving for the show that night , I typed up four sqaures on a sheet of 8×11 copy paper with these names in bold 30 pt .
type :
Opal Jo Jennings
Terrence Farrell
Saga Mine
Holly Krewson
Lynda McClelland
No explanations were given , just those key words and names in bold black print .
I then copied around 60 copies of this page , then cut them into quarters , giving me 240 tight little notes I could comfortably fit in my coat pocket .
I got to the Universal Amphitheatre early .
In fact I was one of the first people there .
Right away I went into the men ’s restroom .
Once I was sure I was alone and not seen , I took out my bundle from my pocket and put small piles of these “ announcements ” on every flat sink , urinal and toilet surface I could find .
In a venue like the Universal Amphitheatre , this is considerable .
The restrooms are large lounge areas that service dozens of people .
After finishing my distribution of these mini-flyers , I went into the main room and waited for the place to fill up .
The room only partially filled , leaving huge gaps of seating .
I would say it was about a third full , and even this space was curtained off from the room ’s full potential .
As we got closer to showtime , I went back in to see if anyone had “ cleaned - up ” my little diversion .
Everything was still there as I had left it .
Right after it was announced that there would be a fifteen minute intermission ( to allow Sylvia ’s son to do readings and her husband to sell cheap jewelry in the lobby ) I went back to check on the restroom .
It was still basically untouched .
After everyone came back into the room , it was assured tha a goodly proportion of the male crowd had either seen these “ prompts ” or had them in their possession .
I could have printed www.stopsylvia.com on them too , but decided that to do so would only be something easy for the believers to ignore or throw away in their righteous indignation .
With just the names , my hope was to engender curiosity .
Or if the people reading them already knew what these key words represented , spur them on to anger or some display of dissension .
Granted , it was only males I was allowed time enough to cover , but my feeling was that most of the women were died - in - wool - shut eyes ( believers ) and that men or husbands who may have been dragged to the show by their wives would be more likely to share my angst .
At the end of the show as I was walking through the lobby , a guy came up and showed me one of the yellow notes and asked , “ … What ’s this all about ? ” I shrugged and replied that I did n’t know but that it was weird that those were the same names I kept hearing in my head .
I suggested that he go home and Google them and see what comes up .
He then asked me to sign his paper .
I scrawled my name and turned away , but not before he asked to shake my hand .
Apparently , at least one person was already on my team .
I ’m still not sure what he thought .
After all , I ’m not a mindreader …
I can only hope several hundred other people might stop and think about what they heard .
This is what I do .
This is what YOU should be doing if you have the will to make a difference .
Think up your own stratedgies ,
It need n’t be quite as confrontive or dramatic .
But DO SOMETHING !
In a strange up - date to my previous post :
As I mentioned earlier , one of Sylvia ’s lines that was memorable to me was telling someone that “ coins ” would be a sign that their spirit guide was trying to reach them .
Most of us find a coin or two in the street once in awhile and we do n’t attach any particular significance to it .
It just happens .
I never thought much of it but to remind myself when this occurs that , “ … a penny saved is a penny earned . ”
Today when I came to work , I found a pile of pennies placed next to the bottom of a light pole outside .
Of course , searching for deep meaning in this after my experience , I was momentarily struck by the oddness of this event .
Here was a pile of coins – not just one or two .
Was it a sign ?
I counted them out and there are 52 pennies .
Could this be the Saga miners or some of the other dead entities trying to tell me they are with me ?
Weaker minds might think so .
AND THIS JUST IN : Through sources I am not at liberty to divulge , Sylvia ’s own spirit guide Francine has contacted me in a dream ( as well as posting as JREF ’s Swift blog and here at skepticblog in the comments section ) letting me know that afte Sylvia ’s December 29th performance , she is no longer interested in being involved in any capacity with Sylvia Browne .
She has handed in her resignation vision to Sylvia after having reached her limit with Browne ’s trashy behavior and has now offered to become my own spirit guide to help me in my FORCE ONE endeavors .
Stay tuned for more thrills …
JREF Swiftblog and Sylvia Gets Punked Video at : http://www.randi.org/site/index.php/swift-blog/825-sylvia-browne-one-cool-cucumber.html
“ And the crowd was stilled .
One elderly man , wondering at the sudden silence , turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said .
Wide -eyed , the Child raised his voice and said once again , “ Why the Emperor has no clothes .
He ’s naked ! ”
– The Emperor ’s New Clothes
Keep Em ’ Freaked …
French One - Sheet Poster for “ Nightmare Alley ” – Mandatory Viewing for any skeptical thinker !
Available at Amazon.com
I reported earlier tonight that over a dozen staffers for BayCon resigned over a disagreement with the owning company .
Now we ’ve learned that several staffers over at Anime Expo have now resigned as well .
The Anime News Network reports that ” the majority of the convention ’s division managers have resigned over disputes with the Board of Directors of the Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation ( SPJA ) . ”
This is not at all surprising , as Convention Fans had reported about these problems between staff and the SPJA before .
Some of those who apparently resigned are :
Veronica Hernandez ( exhibits division manager )
Jay Lee ( exhibits assistant division manager )
Joe Woo ( interactive events division manager )
Rob Wu ( operations division manager )
Derf Tang ( operations assistant division manager )
Miko Estacio ( operations assistant division manager )
Jason Shuai ( programming division manager )
Joseph Kitzman ( programming assistant division manager )
Even worse is that approximately 80 % of those staffers still left are ready to follow suit in support .
Anime News Network has a very lengthy history about the whole ordeal , which you can read here .
Anime Expo is currently scheduled to happen July 1 – 4 , 2010 , at the Los Angeles Convention Center .
Of course , if 80 % of the staff resigns , it may put a real kink in those plans .
Stay tuned for more details as they become available .
The human mind is a wonderful thing .
Cognition , the act or process of thinking , enables us to process vast amounts of information quickly .
For example , every time your eyes are open , you brain is constantly being bombarded with stimuli .
You may be consciously thinking about one specific thing , but you brain is processing thousands of subconscious ideas .
Unfortunately , our cognition is not perfect , and there are certain judgment errors that we are prone to making , known in the field of psychology as cognitive biases .
They happen to everybody regardless of age , gender , education , intelligence , or other factors .
Some of them are well known , others not , but all of them are interesting .
I am sure everyone will find that one has happened to them , ( I myself have been prone to several ) and now will recognize when they are making an error in the future .
10 Gambler ’s Fallacy
The Gambler ’s fallacy is the tendency to think that future probabilities are altered by past events , when in reality , they are not .
Certain probabilities , such as getting a heads when you flip a ( fair ) coin , are always the same .
The probability of getting a heads is 50 % , it does not matter if you ’ve gotten tails the last 10 flips .
Thinking that the probabilities have changed is a common bias , especially when gambling .
For example , I am playing roulette .
The last four spins have landed on black , it has to be red this time right ?
Wrong !
The probability of landing on red is still 47.37 % ( 18 red spots divided by 38 total spots ) .
This may sound obvious , but this bias has caused many a gambler to lose money thinking the probabilities have changed .
9 Reactivity
Advertisement
Reactivity is the tendency of people to act or appear differently when they know that they are being observed .
In the 1920s , Hawthorne Works ( a manufacturing facility ) commissioned a study to see if different levels of light influenced worker productivity .
What they found was incredible , changing the light caused productivity to soar !
Unfortunately , when the study was finished , productivity levels decreased to their regular levels .
This was because the change in productivity was not due to the light levels , but to the workers being watched .
This demonstrated a form of reactivity ; when individuals know they are being watched , they are motivated to change their behavior , generally to make themselves look better .
Reactivity is a serious problem in research , and has to be controlled in blind experiments ( “ Blind ” is when individuals involved in a research study are purposely withheld information so as not to influence the outcomes ) .
8 Pareidolia
Pareidolia is when random images or sounds are perceived as significant .
Seeing clouds in the shapes of dinosaurs , Jesus on a hot pocket , or hearing messages when a record is played backward are common examples of pareidolia .
The common element is that the stimulus is neutral , it does not have intentional meaning ; the meaning is in the viewer ’s perception .
Interesting Fact : the Rorschach Inkblot test was developed to use pareidolia to tap into people ’s mental states .
Testees are shown images of ambiguous pictures , and asked to describe what they see .
Responses are analyzed to discover the testee ’s hidden thoughts .
7 Self - fulfilling Prophecy
Self - fulfilling prophecy is engaging in behaviors that obtain results that confirm existing attitudes .
A self - fulfilling prophecy is a prediction that causes itself to become true .
For example , I believe that I am going to do poorly in school , so I decrease the effort I put into my assignments and studying , and I end up doing poorly , just as I thought .
Another common example is relationships ; I think my relationship with my significant other is going to fail , so I start acting differently , pulling away emotionally .
Because of my actions , I actually cause the relationship to fail .
This is a powerful tool used by “ psychics ” – they implant an idea in your mind , and you eventually make it happen because you think it will .
Interesting Fact : Economic Recessions are self - fulfilling prophecies .
Because a recession is 2 quarters of Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) decline , you cannot know you are in a recession until you are at least 6 months into one .
Unfortunately , at the first sign of decreasing GDP , the media reports a possible recession , people panic and start a chain of events that actually cause a recession .
6 Halo effect
The Halo effect is the tendency for an individual ’s positive or negative trait to “ spill over ” to other areas of their personality in others ’ perceptions of them .
This bias happens a lot in employee performance appraisals .
For example : my employee , Biff , has been late to work the past three days ; I notice this and conclude that Biff is lazy and does not care about his job .
There are many possible reasons why Biff was late , perhaps his car broke down , his babysitter did not show up , or there has been bad weather .
The problem is , because of one negative aspect that may be out of Biff ’s control , I assume that he is a bad worker .
Interesting Fact : The Physical Attractiveness Stereotype is when people assume that attractive individuals possess other socially desirable qualities , such as happiness , success and intelligence .
This becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy when attractive people are given privileged treatment such as better job opportunities and higher salaries .
5 Herd Mentality
Herd mentality is the tendency to adopt the opinions and follow the behaviors of the majority to feel safer and to avoid conflict .
Also known as “ Mob Mentality , ” this is , at its most common form , peer pressure .
Herd mentality explains why fads get so popular .
Clothes , cars , hobbies , styles , all it takes is a group of people who think something is cool , and it catches on .
Interesting Fact : things that are unattractive , or that would never seem cool or popular now have had huge followings due to herd mentality .
Examples include parachute pants , pet rocks , mullets , cone bras , tie - dye , sea monkeys , and the 1980s ( by the way , that is an ’ 80s guy in the picture above ) .
4 Reactance
Reactance is the urge to do the opposite of what someone wants you to do out of a need to resist a perceived attempt to constrain your freedom of choice .
This is common with rebellious teenagers , but any attempt to resist authority due to perceived threats to freedom and / or choice is reactance .
The individual may not have a need to do the specific behavior , however the fact that they cannot do it makes them want to .
Interesting Fact : “ reverse psychology ” is an attempt to influence people using reactance .
Tell someone ( particularly children ) to do the opposite of what you really want , and they will rebel and actually end up doing what you want .
3 Hyperbolic Discounting
Hyperbolic discounting is the tendency for people to prefer a smaller , immediate payoff over a larger , delayed payoff .
Much research has been done on decision - making , and many factors contribute to the individual decision making process .
Interestingly , delay time is a big factor in choosing an alternative .
Put simply , most people would choose to get 20 dollars today instead of getting 100 dollars one year from today .
Normally it makes sense to choose a greater amount of money immediately than less in the future , as the value of a dollar is worth more today than it is tomorrow .
Assume that the interest rate is 9 % , at this interest rate , a rational person would be indifferent to taking $ 91.74 now , or $ 100 a year from now .
However , it is interesting how much less we are willing to take immediately rather than wait , would you rather have $ 100 a year from now , or $ 50 immediately ?
How about $ 40 immediately ?
Where do you draw the line ?
2 Escalation of Commitment
Escalation of commitment is the tendency for people to continue to support previously unsuccessful endeavors .
With all the decisions people have to make , it is unavoidable that some will be unsuccessful .
Of course , the logical thing to do in these instances is to change that decision or try to reverse it .
However , sometimes individuals feel compelled not only to stick with their decision , but also to further invest in that decision because they have sunk costs .
For example , say you use half of your life savings to start a business .
After 6 months , it is evident that the business is going to be unsuccessful .
The logical thing to do would be to “ cut your losses ” and drop the business .
However , due to the sunk costs of your life savings , you feel committed to the business and invest even more money into the project hoping that the additional cash will turn the business around .
1 Placebo Effect
The Placebo effect is when an ineffectual substance that is believed to have healing properties produces the desired effect .
Especially common with medications , the placebo effect has been observed when individuals given a sugar pill for a real ailment report improvement .
Placebos are still a scientific mystery .
It is theorized that placebos cause an “ Expectancy Effect ” , ( In cases of uncertainty , expectation is what is most likely to happen ) individuals expect the pills to cure their ailments , so they feel cured .
However , this does not explain how the ineffectual pills actually cause a reduction in symptoms .
Interesting Fact :
The term “ Placebo ” is used when the outcomes are considered favorable , when the outcomes are negative or harmful ; the term is “ Nocebo ”
Wholesale Interiors | 222 West Roosevelt Road Lombard Illinois 60148 | Email : orders@wholesale-interiors.com
PRODUCTS ARE NOT MANUFACTURED BY , SPONSORED BY , AFFILIATED WITH , OR ASSOCIATED WITH HERMAN MILLER , CHARLES OR RAY EAMES , KNOLL , FRITZ HANSEN OR OTHER COMPANIES .
Copyright © 2002 - 2020 Wholesale Interiors , Inc. - All Rights Reserved .
Reproduction Prohibited .
US Patent Pending .
“ They will be charged 75 per cent of the cost of the second seat , which is the full price excluding tax and surcharges , on top of the full price for the first .
By Lindsay Beyerstein
Osama bin Laden is speaking out against climate change :
" The effects of global warming have touched every continent .
Drought and deserts are spreading , while from the other floods and hurricanes unseen before the previous decades have now become frequent , " bin Laden said in the audiotape , aired on the Arab TV network Al - Jazeera .
The terror leader noted Washington 's rejection of the Kyoto Protocol aimed at reducing greenhouse gases and painted the United States as in the thrall of major corporations that he said " are the true criminals against the global climate " and are to blame for the global economic crisis , driving " tens of millions into poverty and unemployment . "
What a devilishly clever plan to destroy the world .
Bin Laden surely knows that if he rails against climate change , Americans will reflexively champion global warming .
Temperatures will soar , decadent Western civilizations will bake and crumble and their parched ruins will be swept away by rising seas .
The earth will be scourged by famine , pestilence , war , and plagues too numerous to name .
At last , Bin Laden will seize his chance to usher in the medieval Caliphate of his dreams .
Do n't let the bearded villain get away with it .
Call your member of congress today and demand action on climate change .
TSP yapıs ı gere ği sadece son durumla ilgilenen , geçilen ara adımların önemsiz olduğu bir problem .
Mesela satrançta ara adımların tek tek önemi vardır , çünkü rakip de sizin yaptığınıza göre bir hamle yapacaktır .
Dolay ısıyla TSP gibi bir problemde “ bir adet durum tut , bu durumu en iyi hale getirmeye çalış ” mantığı benimsenebilir .
Bu mantığın bir adım ilerisi “ k adet durumu tut ve en iyi hale getirmeye çalış ” mantığıdır .
Paralel Tepe Tırmanma ( Local Beam Search ) bu mantıkla çalışır .
O durumun iyiliği , aynı genetik algoritmadaki gibi bir fitness fonksiyonu ile ölçülür .
Genetik Algoritma için belirlediğimiz fonksiyon burada da geçerli .
( Rotanın toplam uzunluğu ; kısaysa iyi , uzunsa kötü )
Paralel Tepe Tırmanma ile TSP genel adımları :
K adet rasgele rota oluştur .
Aynı rotanın iki kez oluşmadığından emin ol .
Bu aşamada yukar ıdaki rota kümesinde rasgele swap ’lar ( iki şehrin yerini değiştirmek ) yap ılarak yeni oluşan rotalar listeye eklenecek .
Burada farklı yöntemler kullanılabilir .
Ben 1 . adımda oluşturduğumuz her rota için , ard ışık komşuların yerlerini değiştirerek yeni rotalar oluşturdum .
Bu rotalar fitness değerlerine göre sıralanarak en iyi K tanesi seçilir .
İstenen döngü sayısına ulaşılıncaya veya istenen düşüklükte fitness değeri elde edilene kadar 2 . adımdan devam edilir .
20 şehirli haritada K=100 için 200 ’lü döngü içerisinde çalıştırılınca 9 sn. gibi bir sürede , Genetik Algoritma ’nın 28 sn. ’de ulaştığı sonuca ulaşılabiliyor .
K=50 için 200 ’lü döngüde çalıştırıld ığında 2 sn. sonunda yine GA ’nın 28 sn. ’de verdiğinden daha iyi bir sonuç alın ıyor .
K değeri şehir sayısına bağlı olarak , iterasyon sayıs ı da K değerine bağlı olarak doğru seçildiğinde oldukça hızlı sonuç alınabiliyor .
The exams do n’t reward all mental skills .
They reward the ability to work hard and memorize things .
Your adolescence is oriented around those exams — the cram seminars , the hours of preparation .
Roughly nine million students take the tests each year .
The top 1 percent will go to the elite universities .
Some of the others will go to second - tier schools , at best .
These unfortunates will find that , while their career prospects are n’t permanently foreclosed , the odds of great success are diminished .
Suicide rates at these schools are high , as students come to feel they have failed their parents .
But you succeed .
You ace the exams and get into Peking University .
You treat your professors like gods and know that if you earn good grades you can join the Communist Party .
Westerners think the Communist Party still has something to do with political ideology .
You know there is no political philosophy in China except prosperity .
The Communist Party is basically a gigantic Skull and Bones .
It is one of the social networks its members use to build wealth together .
You are truly a golden child , because you succeed in university as well .
You have a number of opportunities .
You could get a job at an American multinational , learn capitalist skills and then come back and become an entrepreneur .
But you decide to enter government service , which is less risky and gives you chances to get rich ( under the table ) and serve the nation .
Image David Brooks
In one sense , your choice does n’t matter .
Whether you are in business or government , you will be members of the same corpocracy .
In the West , there are tensions between government and business elites .
In China , these elites are part of the same social web , cooperating for mutual enrichment .
Q&A : Project Canvas
The BBC Trust , the corporation 's governing body , has given a provisional go - ahead for a project which could kick - start demand for internet TV .
Project Canvas is a partnership between the BBC , ITV , BT , Five , Channel 4 and TalkTalk to develop a so - called Internet Protocol Television standard .
It would see a range of set - top boxes available to access on - demand TV services such as iPlayer and ITVplayer .
Set - top boxes , expected to cost around £ 200 , could be available next year .
The Trust reached its provisional conclusions following more than 800 written responses .
ANALYSIS Torin Douglas , Media correspondent
Do we really need another way to watch television - and yet another box ?
The answer for many people will be yes .
Project Canvas - if it gets the final go - ahead - will make it easier for viewers to catch up with programmes from the BBC iPlayer , ITV.com and 4OD on their TV set , where they were meant to be seen , not on a laptop or desktop , where they were n't .
It could bring other internet services - such as YouTube and shopping sites - to the TV screen .
Yet it would also mean even more choice in an increasingly complicated digital world .
Viewers already have to choose between Freeview , Freesat , Sky , Virgin Media , and other providers such as BT Vision .
And that 's not including options such as Sky+ , SkyHD , Freeview + and - in the New Year - 3D - for which you 'll also need a new TV set .
It is proposing some conditions on the BBC 's participation in the venture and will have a further period of consultation , lasting until February .
The Trust ruled that Canvas would have a series of positive impacts , including furthering the growth of on - demand TV and increasing the opportunities for internet service providers to develop so called triple play - phone / TV / broadband - services .
" After careful consideration , the Trust has provisionally concluded that Canvas is likely to benefit licence fee payers .
We believe Canvas could be an important part of the way in which the BBC delivers its services in the future , " said Diane Coyle , chair of the Trust 's Strategic Approvals Committee .
But the Trust did find that it may slow the growth of pay TV and contribute to the shrinking of DVD rental market .
Ms Coyle said that there was no reason why companies , such as Sky , should not charge for services on the platform .
" There will be scope for new entrants to make charges for services alongside the free content , " she said .
But Sky has shown no signs of wanting to join the project and believes licence fees could be better spent .
Graham McWilliam , Sky 's director of corporate affairs said the decision was " nothing short of BBC mission creep " .
" The key concern with Canvas is the leading role that the BBC wants to take in the project .
Internet - based TV is already developing fast and , even without Canvas , the industry is working on shared standards to help it grow even further , " he said .
" There is no need for public money to be spent on replicating what 's set to be delivered through commercial investment , " he added .
The Trust has imposed the following conditions on the BBC : •
The core technical specification must be published well in advance to allow manufacturers to adapt to the Canvas standard .
•
Other content providers must have access to the platform . •
Any quality standards for internet service providers must be applied on a fair , reasonable and non-discriminatory basis .
• A Trust review , 12 months after its launch , will assess the effects Canvas has on the partner 's incentives to syndicate their content to other platforms .
•
The platform must remain accessible without a subscription .
•
The BBC must return for further approval if costs exceed those projected by more than 20 % in any one year .
•
The BBC must report on whether the proposed accessibility features , such as audio description , have been incorporated .
The Trust will review the signposting of content and parental controls .
Net TV
Users will also be able to access internet services such as Facebook , YouTube and Flickr via their TVs .
The BBC Trust has been debating the public value of Project Canvas since March .
Virgin Media and BSkyB have been outspoken critics of the scheme .
Virgin said it was " currently considering the provisional conclusion " .
An earlier scheme , Project Kangaroo , was stopped by the Competition Commission .
The success of Project Canvas could be jeopardised by the increasing number of internet - ready TVs available on the market .
Analyst firm Futuresource predicts that 20 % of flat - screen TVs shipped in Europe next year will have internet connectivity .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a report recently filed by CVG , Satoru Iwata of Nintendo was shown a prototype in 2007 by Israel firm 3DV Systems , the prototype was of a 3D motion sensing camera with voice recognition capabilities .
Sound familiar ?
It should .
That ’s because this is exactly how one would describe Microsoft ’s upcoming Natal product .
According to a trusted and “ high up ” source at Nintendo Japan ; gaming site CVG reports that Iwata turned down this project because he was “ unconvinced he could sell it at a Nintendo price point .
He also had some worries around latency during gameplay . ”
CVG source : “ Honestly – I ’ve heard Iwata describe the prototype he saw at length , and it ’s definitely Natal , ”
As far as we here at Elder - Geek can tell , 3DV Systems has received no recognition from Microsoft on this technology , though it is definitely the same technology .
Microsoft ’s version of this technology dubbed Natal will launch later this year at a 50 $ price point , so judging by Nintendo ’s pricing of their own peripherals one could argue that Iwata - san ’s concerns have been defeated .
What do you think ?
Leave your opinion in the comments below .
One newspaper captioned the picture " the height of humiliation " [ Image : Lior Mizrahi / Israel Hayom ]
Israel has issued a stern rebuke to Turkey 's ambassador over a television series which depicts Israeli intelligence agents as baby - snatchers .
Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon was caught on camera urging cameramen to note the ambassador 's low seating position at a meeting on the issue .
The incident has been widely seen in Israel as an intentional humiliation .
And Turkey has summoned the Israeli ambassador to protest against the treatment of its ambassador in Israel .
A Turkish diplomat said the Israeli ambassador , Gabby Levy , had been summoned to a meeting the Turkish foreign ministry 's under - secretary in Ankara .
" We demanded an explanation and conveyed our annoyance , " the Turkish diplomat told the AFP news agency .
Although the Israeli ambassador was reprimanded over the incident , he was not subjected to the indignity of squatting on a low sofa , says the BBC's Jonathan Head in Istanbul .
' Preaching morality '
On Monday , Israel 's foreign ministry denounced the Turkish television series and what it called an " unbridled attack " in comments by Turkey 's PM .
Footage of Mr Ayalon urging journalists to make clear that the ambassador was seated on a low sofa , while the Israeli officials were in much higher chairs , has been widely broadcast by the Israeli media .
He is also heard pointing out in Hebrew that " there is only one flag here " and " we are not smiling " .
One Israeli newspaper marked the height difference on the photo , and captioned it " the height of humiliation " .
The meeting with the Turkish ambassador , Ahmet Oguz Celikkol , was called over the fictional television series Valley of the Wolves , popular in Turkey .
It depicts Israeli intelligence operatives running operations to kidnap babies and convert them to Judaism .
Last October Israel complained over another Turkish series , which depicted Israeli soldiers killing Palestinians .
In one clip , an Israeli soldier shoots dead a smiling young girl at close range .
Israel has also been angered by heavy criticism on Sunday by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who accused it of using disproportionate force against the Palestinians .
Israel 's foreign ministry issued a statement denouncing the television series and Mr Erdogan 's comments as " anti-Israel " .
" Turkey is the last country that should preach morality to Israel and to the Israel Defense Forces , " the statement said .
Turkey has long been an ally of Israel , but relations have deteriorated as Turkey has repeatedly criticised Israel 's conduct in its operation in Gaza a year ago .
Rights groups say about 1,400 Palestinians died during the offensive , which Israel said was aimed at ending rocket fire by Hamas .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Israel , remember , has the potential for massive nuclear response to any attempted strike from Iran .
The obvious aim , it seems to me , of the Revolutionary Guards is not to nuke al - Aqsa , but to use a nuclear capacity to immunize their terrorism in the region , to balance Israel 's nuclear monopoly , to scare the crap out of the Saudis and Egyptians , and to shore up their control at home .
I see this as an inevitable coming - of - age of Iran as a regional power , and although there is an obvious and acute danger that nuclearization could entrench some of the worst elements of the regime ( and they do n't get much worse than Ahmadinejad ) , the brutal truth is : we do not have the tools to stop it .
One day , a nuclear Iran , if led by men and women legitimately elected by the people of Iran , could be our friend , not enemy - and a much more reliable and stable friend than the Sunni Arab autocracies we are currently shoring up .
I believe , in short , that in my lifetime we will see a democratic Iran , led by the generation that took to the streets this year .
And I believe vigilant containment is the only realistic way at this point to get there .
What we have to understand - and what I have come belatedly and painfully to grasp - is that our collective narcissism can be an obstacle to successful statesmanship .
In blunter terms :
This is not about us .
In so far as we have made Iran about us , we have added mountains to the landscape of human misery and pain .
This is a struggle for the Iranian people , a long , brutal , bitter struggle .
We should do all we can to support them , without the neocon grandstanding that actually helps the regime rather than hurts it .
But we have to understand our limits .
This is a deep struggle in the Muslim soul - a struggle to come to terms with its own sectarian past , the bloodiness of some of its scriptures , and the real and present threat of modernity as it crashes down on their medieval order with the power of technology they cannot control .
This process will take time , and Americans ' well - meant determination to fix this state of affairs is , however understandable , naive .
The arc of history is far slower than our 24 - hour news cycle or our ADD blog - posting .
The resurgence of religious fundamentalism at this moment of technological marvel and global integration is an utterly predictable phenomenon , and it will not end soon .
And when it does end , it will do so by collapsing under its own lies and delusions and denial , just as communism did .
We can do a little to nudge this along , but we cannot be the decisive force - or we will merely reignite the civiliizational conflict .
Maybe a hot war is inevitable .
But if it is , it is essential to our civilization and its core values that we do not initiate it .
If Iraq did not convince us of that , nothing will .
I write this at the end of a decade that changed my politics .
They changed because reality shifted .
Globalization , technology and fundamentalism have reordered our post - Cold War world .
The advantage lies with the asymmetrical , the nimble , the long tail , the lone actor .
There is nothing the modern state can really do to stop this , and if it tries to assume the powers to have a chance , it will cease to resemble anything like the democracy or republic the Founders envisaged .
We can panic and construct a Leviathan so powerful and invasive it will in the end destroy our freedoms , or we can hang in , do all we can to defuse ideological and theological tension , construct more effective means of defense and security , and outlast the Islamist wave even through what will be its many outrages and offenses .
This R/C tarantula traveled all the way from Berkeley , CA .
The wrapping paper , however , may have been the better gift .
Needless to say , my dogs are terrified of it .
Thanks and merry Christmas Young Shin !
89 . “ God Helmet ” Inventor , Dr. Michael Persinger Discovers Telepathy Link in Lab Experiments
891 Shares
Neuroscience Researcher and Laurentian University professor , Dr. Michael Persinger , demonstrates telepathy under laboratory conditions .
Claims of telepathy , ESP and other psi phenomena are a mainstay of popular culture but taboo in neuroscience research circles .
Fortunately , Dr. Michael Persinger of Canada ’s Laurentian University has never been afraid to venture where other researchers fear to go .
In the 1980 ’s Persinger made headlines with his “ God Helmet ” , a device that stimulates temporal lobes with a weak magnetic field in order to produce religious states .
Now , Persinger has discovered the same type of brain stimulation can create metal states conducive to human telepathy .
“ What we have found is that if you place two different people at a distance and put a circular magnetic field around both , and you make sure they are connected to the same computer so they get the same stimulation , then if you flash a light in one person ’s eye the person in the other room receiving just the magnetic field will show changes in their brain as if they saw the flash of light .
We think that ’s tremendous because it may be the first macro demonstration of a quantum connection , or so - called quantum entanglement .
If true , then there ’s another way of potential communication that may have physical applications , for example , in space travel . ”
While Persinger ’s experiments could prove groundbreaking , he remains doubtful about his controversial findings reaching his colleagues , “ I think the critical thing about science is to be open - minded .
It ’s really important to realize that the true subject matter of science is the pursuit of the unknown .
Sadly scientists have become extraordinarily group - oriented .
Our most typical critics are not are mystic believer types .
They are scientists who have a narrow vision of what the world is like . ”
Play it :
[ audio : http://media.blubrry.com/skeptiko/content.blubrry.com/skeptiko/skeptiko-89-Michael-Persinger.mp3]
Download MP3 ( 35:40 min. )
Read it :
Alex Tsakiris : Welcome to Skeptiko where we explore controversial science with leading researchers , thinkers , and their critics .
I ’m your host , Alex Tsakiris , and before we get started with today ’s interview , and a very fascinating interview it is with Dr. Michael Persinger , I ’m going to take a minute and invite you to connect – connect with this show , Skeptiko , and with me personally .
In the last few months as I had a chance to talk to more and more researchers and dig into all the science surrounding human consciousness and spirituality and where science is leading us , I felt a stronger and stronger need to connect with you and to create a community , if you will , of like - minded people .
So in the last week or so I ’ve tried to take some steps in that direction .
I ’ve finally gotten on Facebook and Twitter and I ’m going to try and post there more regularly .
But I ’m going to invite you to join me .
To follow me and to allow me to follow you and see if we can create a community , if you will , of like - minded people who are interested in following the data wherever it leads , as I say .
So you ’ll find all the links on the Skeptiko Web site for following me and please connect up and I ’ll do the same .
But for right now , let ’s move into this interview that I have with Dr. Michael Persinger .
And quite a fascinating interview it is .
I really , really admire the courage that the maverick scientist has , and that ’s where Dr. Michael Persinger is .
You know , he gets it from both sides .
He really is a materialist and very much a mind equals brain guy .
That ’s not where I see the data leading but it ’s certainly where he sees the data leading , and he really approaches it from a “ let ’s get down and prove it , here ’s the research . ”
He does n’t shy away from that .
He does n’t throw extraordinary claims , extraordinary proof kind of bullcrap .
He just says , “ Hey , here ’s what I ’m finding , here ’s what I think , here ’s the way I think things are showing themselves . ”
I find that very refreshing .
But he also gets it on the other side because while he is very much of a materialist and a neuroscience guy , he also has some surprising data when it comes to telepathy , that you ’ll hear about , where he says he ’s basically proven it in his lab and can replicate this quantum entanglement communication thing that you ’ve heard about maybe on this show and certainly a lot of other places .
So very , very interesting .
In my mind it ’s what makes Skeptiko so exciting for me and makes it hopefully interesting for you to be able to hear from these researchers who we really , really do n’t hear enough from .
So stay with me for Michael Persinger .
I ’m joined today by Dr. Michael Persinger , an internationally renowned cognizant neuroscience researcher and professor at Laurentian University in Canada .
He ’s probably most famous , and many of you I ’m sure have seen him on TV or especially in a YouTube video with his God Helmet , a device that he has used experimentally to demonstrate that electromagnetic disturbances in the brain maybe the source of mystical and spiritual experiences .
So , Dr. Persinger , thank you very much for joining me today on Skeptkio .
Dr. Michael Persinger :
You ’re quite welcome .
Alex Tsakiris :
And let me start by as I kind of stuttered through that introduction , is there anything that I may be did n’t quite get right there in describing , I guess , the research that most people associate with you , and that is with the God Helmet and the electromagnetic stimulation of the brain to create mystical experiences .
Dr. Michael Persinger : No , that was very succinctly stated .
I mean , effectively what we ’ve been doing all these years is to try to understand the brain basis to all experiences .
The basic assumption is that all experiences are generated by brain activity , determined in large part by the structure of the brain .
Alex Tsakiris :
That point that you just made , is you started with the idea , the materialistic notion that all conscious experience originates with the brain .
I think what ’s fascinating , if we ’re going to dive right into this and make the most effective use of your time , is what do you think about some of the research that seems to be pointing in a different direction ?
We could look at the research of folks who have just concentrated on the spiritual experience like a colleague of yours in Canada , Dr. Mario Beauregard or we could look at Dr. Andrew Newberg , or Davidson at the University of Wisconsin , who have all looked at various kinds of spiritual experience and maybe seem to be leaning towards another direction .
And that ’s that perhaps the neurocorrelates that we see firing one that they may not just be in the right temporal lobes but also that they may point to a kind of different nature of consciousness .
I know that ’s a lot to kind of bite off , but I ’m sure this is stuff that you think about , talk about , and write about all the time .
So just jump right in .
Dr. Michael Persinger :
Our research starts on the basic premise that all experience is generated by brain activity .
Now , the critical thing is that all experience means your experience of love , or memories , or having a mystical experience , must be associated with specific patterns of brain activity .
That brain activity in large part is determined by the brain structure .
Many of these things , because structure dictates function , may be relatively unique to the human being itself .
Now , although that ’s our assumption , the most powerful tool of science is the experiment .
So if we want to understand these experiences and how they are generated by brain activity , we have to reproduce them in the laboratory .
So the basic approach then was , okay , if people have mystical experiences and they ’re associated with brain activity then if we imitate them in the laboratory and we understand the physical conditions that produce them , we should be able to 1 ) understand the areas of the brain and the patterns of activity responsible for these experiences , and 2 ) we should be able to control them .
And if they ’re a natural phenomena , and we think that mystical experiences , including the God experience , the God belief , are natural phenomena , we should be able to reproduce them easily if we have the correct parameters in the laboratory , control them and understand how they may be manipulated by others with less honorable goals .
Alex Tsakiris :
Here ’s what intrigues me .
You ’ve really pioneered this work and I think you have some very interesting comments that I ’ve seen in previous interviews about what it ’s been like to be a pioneer , the old adage of you know , the pioneer cause he has arrows not just in the front but in the back as well .
And I think you ’ve experienced a little bit of that just in terms of delving into an area that touches on so many hot buttons on both sides , either believers or non-believers .
Maybe you ’d like to comment about that .
But in particular , comment about that within the framework of where some of the research into what ’s being called “ neurotheology ” is going .
I threw out the spiritual brain , Mario Beauregard , Andrew Newberg at the University of Pennsylvania , Davidson at Wisconsin , you know , folks who are also looking at the spiritual experience and maybe coming to a slightly different conclusion than you are about the relationship between the brain and the neurocorrelates and that spiritual experience .
Dr. Michael Persinger :
Well , in terms of trying to understand the neural basis to these powerful experiences that determine the history of human behavior , I mean , do n’t forget more people have been killed in wars under the auspices of who ’s god is correct , either directly or indirectly than most plagues .
So this is a powerful phenomena that may be intrinsic to the nature of the human brain .
It may have had a adaptive function over the years .
For example , we know that people who believe in God and have God experiences have reduced death anxiety , which may allow them to be more productive .
The whole concept of the immortality is implicitly tied to this experience and the belief in immortality actually reduces anxiety about death and sometimes can make individuals more adaptive to their environment .
But ultimately , all of this has to be related to the brain function and there may be different approaches .
For example , some of my colleagues have said that there is a non-physical component that ’s very difficult to understand because in the history of science those phenomena which were considered to be non-physical ultimately we did find a physical basis .
And that when we found the physical basis then we understood it .
If you talk about a phenomena as being sort of ephemeral and non-testable and something beyond measurement , then effectively it ’s an empty hypothesis and you never will be able to test it .
To answer your question about people ’s approaches , I think it ’s really important to have a versatile approach and have people have different ideas , have open ideas , but ultimately the end point must be measurement and reproduction in the laboratory .
For example , some of the stuff by Beauregard with the MRI studies , what he really did was look at memories .
He asked the people to remember their experiences and found patterns of activity that were basically typical of a memory .
That ’s quite different than direct stimulation of the brain and producing the experience , so although we can have different approaches , and I think that ’s really important for science to be open - minded and to basically exclude no one .
The ultimate measure is going to be 1 ) can you reproduce it in the laboratory and 2 ) can you actually product the same phenomena by experimental techniques ?
And that ’s the powerful tool to demonstrate you have a causal connection .
Alex Tsakiris : Right , and we can jump into that causal connection because there ’s a couple of points .
Let me back up .
I ’m not as totally familiar with Beauregard ’s work although I did remember that he did FMRIs while these nuns were in this peak spiritual state , so I think he did have that …
Dr. Michael Persinger : Actually they were remembering the peak spiritual stage .
Alex Tsakiris : Okay , well Newberg certainly did at the University of Pennsylvania …
Dr. Michael Persinger : Newberg did .
And Newberg found completely different patterns which were really similar to what we find when we measure the electroencephalographic activity of individuals having mystical experiences and basically is the same area that we focus upon when we stimulate it with the weak electromagnetic fields generated by the God Helmet .
So again , the critical thing is the instructions you give to your subjects in large part will influence different patterns of the brain and that ’s why that precision is so important in understanding the neural basis to the God experience .
Alex Tsakiris :
You know , let ’s move into I think probably the most challenging research given what you ’ve just said , and that ’s the research that ’s been done in near - death experience .
We can point to just a whole bunch of people , but Peter Fenwick is someone who ’s been on the show and Raymond Moody , of course , has been on the show , although I do n’t think he ’s as active in the field .
What do you make of the rather substantial amount of evidence that has come back that suggests that in some way that we do n’t totally understand , there is this continuation of consciousness after a period when there is no EEG and no EKG for a number of patients that have been verified clinically in a hospital setting by the people we normally trust to kind of gather that kind of information .
Dr. Michael Persinger :
Well , first of all , the electroencephalogram or brain waves simply measures a very , very small component .
It ’s in the microvolt range .
It ’s about a thousandth times smaller than the actual steady state potential of the brain itself which can last for several minutes to half an hour under sort of deprived conditions .
The EEG also reflects only the cortex .
It does n’t tell you very much at all what ’s going on deep within the cortex .
So when you have these near - death experiences and flat EEGs , that just tells you what the cortex is doing .
It does n’t tell you necessarily the integrity or the activity taking place deep within the brain .
Alex Tsakiris : Right , but …
Dr. Michael Persinger : The second feature …
Alex Tsakiris :
Go ahead .
I was just going to say , I was just going to interject here .
But I ’ve heard that argument before from materialists and I just – I do n’t get it .
I mean , at this point we have tens and tens of thousands of EEGs and we know how your EEG is supposed to look when you ’ve having the kind of experience that these people describe .
And it certainly never looks flat .
I mean , we do n’t have any record of that in any that I ’m aware of , where anyone has done an EEG of a live person and say , oh , it ’s flat and then they say yeah , but I had this incredible experience .
How do you kind of connect those two ?
Dr. Michael Persinger : Well I certainly can .
And I think the reason is we ’re looking at the fact that out of body experiences , which is what you ’re talking about in near - death experiences in large part , the idea that you ’re detached from your body and you ’re somewhere else .
It is not due to a homogeneous source .
For example , a near - death experience after a flat EEG is quite different , for example , when someone is wide awake or in an altered state and experiencing an out of body experience .
In that case , the activity is very , very clear and very , very systematic .
You usually get certain kinds of alphoid activity which is in the order of a low frequency over the right parietal region .
Mind you , the same thing can be done by stimulating , as reported in Nature a few years ago .
The right parietal region , you can actually get a feeling of being detached or being somewhere else .
The so - called mental bipolaria of being two places at once .
So when people are awake and the experience takes place that ’s quite different than when people have been in a medical situation where they ’re considered to be dead and then the EEG returns to normal and they report what they think they ’ve experienced .
Alex Tsakiris : I ’m still not getting that .
I mean , my understanding is that all our understanding of this tool we have , called an EEG , suggests that this other kind of very ephemeral thing that we ’re trying to get our arms around called consciousness , that there ’s some correlation between the way we measure the two .
And I just ca n’t accept the idea unless maybe you can point me to the research where I can find that .
Where people are saying , “ yes , you can have this complex conscious experience and we would not be able to measure it with an EEG . ”
I just do n’t see where anyone has demonstrated …
Dr. Michael Persinger :
Well , I agree with you , I agree with you .
Yeah , I agree with you totally .
If there ’s an experience there ’s going to be brain activity .
And if you can articulate the experience , that is , at the time the person ’s having the experience , measure the EEG , particularly quantitative EEG , there are very specific patterns over very specific regions of the brain that relate to that kind of experience .
That ’s well known in the quantity EEG literature .
So when someone says , “ I have an experience , ” be it mystical or whatever , you can actually measure the brain , which we ’ve done on many occasions and see very specific signatures taking place .
Even with those that are so - called psychic experiences we tested Shawn Haribands , who is a very reliable individual for sort of guessing and feeling people ’s memories .
When he ’s doing that , there ’s very specific patterns that take place over his right parietal temporal lobe .
The number of those that take place is directly related to how accurate he is in how many of these statements he makes .
So you can relate quantitative EEG or brain activity to very specific experiences .
Alex Tsakiris : I mean , I think that ’s a whole fascinating area and I ’d love to kind of jump in there , but I do n’t want to quite yet leave this near - death experience because I want to understand fully what you ’re saying .
So my understanding in reading the near - death experience research is we have some pretty – a handful , dozens , on the order of dozens or maybe a hundred , of very well documented cases where we do have EEG and EKG records of folks who have had cardiac arrests and during that whole process , then we ’re also able to verify that they had some kind of experience when they were resuscitated and they have some kind of conscious experience that seems to correlate time wise to the time when we had no EEG from them , so I ’m just wondering what you make of that .
Dr. Michael Persinger :
Well , like I ’ve said , if you ’re talking about having out of body experiences in a waking person , there are very specific patterns over the right parietal temporal lobe that are measured reliably .
This has been known for at least 30 or 40 years .
Now , the near - death experiences which are also out of body experiences but usually occur in specific settings , for example , like in a hospital or fatigue or following a crisis or a trauma , yes EEG can change remarkably and sometimes be flat - lined for a protracted period .
When the person wakes up and the EEG becomes normal , they report these interesting experiences .
Those experiences in large part reflect the areas of the brain that were activated during that time and many of the patterns of near - death experiences are very specific , very reliable .
That ’s why they show up across all humans in all cultures , of changes within the vasculature , that is the blood vessel activity or blood flow , in the areas that are most vulnerable .
That ’s why first you get the tunnel effect and the moving through the tunnel and then of course the out of body detachment .
Then you may get memories and you may have the invariably the sense of presence of a deceased entity or a cultural icon , for example , it could be a religious icon .
These are very predictable patterns if you know the part of the brain that is slowly becoming over - active because it ’s in a failure state .
Alex Tsakiris :
But wait a minute .
I ’m still not making the connection .
No EEG , conscious experience .
How can that be ?
Dr. Michael Persinger :
Well , first of all , during the flat EEG , okay the person ’s not saying anything .
They ’re in a state that ’s not – they ’re making not any state .
When they come out of the flat EEG and they begin to talk , they talk about experiences .
Now it ’s important to realize that the EEG is measuring only the cortex , which is the outer 2 - 3 , 3 - 5 millimeters of the brain .
It ’s a tool that ’s only measuring 1,000 potentials , all those fluctuations , but when you flat - line , there ’s still tremendous potential .
The DC potentials are there .
It ’s like a pool .
If you have a pool that ’s 100 meters deep and only the top one meter is fluctuating , if you flatten out the fluctuating and make it nice and flat , that does n’t mean that the 100 meters has gone away .
It ’s just not moving anymore .
And so the measurement will look like it ’s flat , but there ’s still potential difference .
That ’s a very important technical aspect of EEG work that most people do n’t realize .
The second feature is that the electrical ability or electrical storage of memory is about 30 minutes .
So every – right now as you and I are chatting , our brains are going to store this information in electrical form for about 30 minutes before it ’s ultimately transformed into the small microstructures , the synapses that allow us long - term memory .
Now that information is being stored deep within the brain .
It ’s not in the cortex at all and you ca n’t even see it from an EEG .
For example , the areas of the brain we call the hippocampus that store memory , you ca n’t even see the activity from a EEG .
You have to actually put electrodes deep into the brain in order to see that activity .
So there ’s a common misconception that a flat EEG means no brain activity .
In actual fact , it simply tells you a kind of activity is no longer common .
Alex Tsakiris :
So that ’s interesting .
So you would speculate that that ’s what ’s happening in these near - death experiences , at least the ones that we can verify where there is no EEG measurable .
You suspect that there is the same kind of conscious experience that they report going on but it ’s at some level deep inside the brain that we just ca n’t measure .
Is that correct ?
Dr. Michael Persinger :
Well , that would be very close .
In fact , when the person wakes up after 20 or 30 minutes or at some particular protracted time , what they ’re doing is telling you what they experienced .
So they ’re not necessarily conscious at the time .
They ’re reporting experiences that they ’ve had .
And I think that ’s a very important distinction that deep within the brain that information is being consolidated and so if you suddenly become active again , then you can have access to the information .
Very much like during a good portion of the night you ’re not dreaming .
There ’s all kinds of activity going on within your brain .
All kinds of metabolic activity and information being represented .
During the dreaming state you suddenly have access to it and if you wake up you can actually remember it , even though it may have been going on for several minutes to tens of minutes .
You now are aware of it and you can now report it .
So it ’s like suddenly becoming on - line , so to speak , in terms of a computer .
The information ’s been there for quite a while .
Now you can talk about it and remember what happened .
Alex Tsakiris : Interesting .
What do you make of the reports of people retrieving information that they would n’t normally know ?
Being able to say , “ Yes , I recall that you were the one who resuscitated me . ”
Dr. Penny Satori has actually done some research of the ability of people who ’ve recovered from cardiac arrest , those who have experienced a near - death experience are better able to recollect , if you will , I do n’t know if that would be the correct term – the actual procedures that happened during the resuscitation .
Then a control group who were resuscitated but did n’t have a near - death experience .
What do you make of the fact that people routinely in these near - death experience accounts say , “ I was able to travel .
I was able to see inside the room .
I was able to travel home and see what Mom was cooking for dinner .
Or see what was going on in these other places . ”
What do you make of that ?
Dr. Michael Persinger : I think those are very interesting experiences and I think the critical thing is the information may be very accurate but the explanation and the perception the person has may not .
For example , most of us would agree that the sun rises in the east and sets in the west .
If you ’re in Ptolemies ’ day , the perception would be it ’s because the sun is moving around us .
That ’s the perception .
Now , of course , we realize that ’s not the case .
It ’s because the Earth rotates .
The sun is not going around us .
But the perception is similar , so the interpretation will change .
And the same thing happens with these near - death experiences in the sense that yes , information may be obtained but that of course is then filtered through how the brain interprets information .
For example , right now if you ’re looking at someone nearby , you see an integrated image .
But in actual fact , from the time that the retina picked up that image , all the parts of that image were broken apart into more than 3 , 4 , a dozen different kinds of components .
What the color was , how the person was moving , their facial characteristics , goes to different parts of the brain and then is re-integrated according to how the brain is organized and your expectations .
So in large part , memory is a reconstruction of the experiences .
So the same thing happens here .
The information may be there but how you interpret it and report it is going to be a function of how your brain is organized , your belief system , and how you accommodate language and information .
Alex Tsakiris : I ’m not sure I totally got that .
So how would someone know something that was happening at a distance ?
Happening far away , three floors above them in the hospital where they saw something ?
Dr. Michael Persinger :
Oh , okay , now in terms of looking at something that ’s a distance away , again , information is around us all the time and we ’re typically not aware of it .
Let ’s first of all address that first comment about how can people be aware of things when they ’re under anesthesia ?
Well , first of all , for over 30 years we ’ve known that if you ’re sleeping and deep sleep , and we whisper your name in your ear , your EEG will show a response or evoke potential , will show response even though you ’re never aware of it .
So the brain never really goes away , even though it may be in a state of anesthesia .
The second feature : if it was n’t for the fact that it ’s a near - death experience and is exotic , it would n’t be as impressive because if you look at the functional MRI of a brain of a person reading and you suddenly change the text , very subtly , there are areas of the brain that are activated even though the person is not aware of what ’s going on .
In other words , the brain responds even though there ’s no awareness associated with it .
And in another example , so - called psychic blindness , these are individuals who are blind but yet as they are walking about they can move around objects and if you look at their brains you find that a small amount of their occipital cortex is activated enough for the unconscious reflex systems to respond and move around the objects , but not enough critical mass for them to say , “ I ’m aware of what I see . ”
So the critical thing is you can have a lot of changes and detect a lot of changes in your environment without necessarily awareness .
Now to address the issue of things at a distance , that of course , is totally acceptable and expected .
Right now you and I are being inundated by cosmic rays , by signals from cell phones , from just literally billions of events but we ’re only aware of a couple of them or a few of them per unit time that we call stimuli .
So what would happen if you changed the organization of the brain and you became aware of events that were taking place at a distance ?
It could be anything from , for example , picking up radio signals or something equivalent .
If you change the structure of the brain , and that ’s what happens in altered states , then of course , you can pick up information at a distance .
The classic example would be when you ’re dreaming .
All right , the environment , stimuli that you ’re not even aware of at quite a distance , for example , a sound from a bell or the temperature of the room can be incorporated into your dream content .
So what makes the near - death experience so exciting is that – and indeed , altered states in general – is it opens up a more objective way of trying to understand what has been rejected , sadly , so many years , called parapsychological phenomena , which is simply information obtained from a distance or time through mechanisms not known to date .
And if you keep the definition that way it becomes much less mystical .
Alex Tsakiris : Wow .
You just gave a definition there that I guess you could take in a number of different directions .
Now you took it in a kind of very – ordinary is probably the best word – ordinary direction in terms of , hey , maybe you can tune into radio waves or other signals at a distance .
But you also seem to leave open the possibility that you could tune into other communication along the lines of the experiment you said you did with the psychic who seems to be able to tune into certain kinds of information at a distance .
Any thoughts on that ?
And I guess that would also tie into …
Dr. Michael Persinger : Oh , absolutely .
I mean , I think the critical thing about science – and again , this is how I started at the top of our interview – is it ’s really important to be open - minded .
It ’s really important to realize that the true subject matter of science is the pursuit of the unknown .
And sadly scientists have become extraordinarily group - oriented .
Our most typical critics are not individuals who are mystic believers .
It ’s scientists who have a narrow vision of what the world is like .
In science we have arbitrarily divided nature into increments we call scientific disciplines into physics and chemistry and psychology and so forth .
But in actual fact , this division is quite artificial .
And natural phenomenon – and there ’s lots of natural phenomenon to study – really are the subject matter of science and pursuit of the unknown is the subject matter .
So that means we have to remain open - minded .
The only difference between a scientist and a religious believer or a mystical believer is the fact that we measure .
And once we measure it we can reproduce it experimentally .
If you can experimentally reproduce it , you can control it .
And then you understand how it works .
That ’s the only difference to science is open - minded .
Anything is possible .
Alex Tsakiris :
What an interesting way to maybe start to wrap things up .
Can you maybe in the last few minutes that we have , tell us some of the most interesting things that are going on in your lab today , and some of your most current discoveries ?
Dr. Michael Persinger :
Well , what ’s going on in the laboratory – and I have some fantastic graduate students and we work together as a team – and what we have found for example , is that if you place two different brains , two different people at a distance , you put a circular magnetic field around both .
There ’s a magnetic field going around like a coil , around both brains even at a distance .
You make sure both coils are connected to the same computer which means they ’re generating the same configuration of two different spaces .
If you flash a light in one person ’s eye , even though they ’re in a chamber that ’s closed up , the person in the other room that ’s receiving just the magnetic field now , they ’re not aware of the light flashing or not , they will show similar changes in frequency in the room .
And we think that ’s tremendous because that maybe the first macro demonstration of a quantum connection or so - called quantum entanglement .
And if that ’s true then there ’s another way of potential communication that may have physical application and application , for example , in space travel because there ’s no time involved with it .
That ’s one thing we ’re looking at .
That ’s one of our more exotic hypotheses .
Other ones we ’re looking at , for example , how various kinds of patterns of electromagnetic fields generated from the brain may influence cell cultures in terms of influencing their outcome in terms of their molecular chemistry , which may someday add to the understanding of how somebody being nearby can influence the physiology and health of a person .
We know about individuals with green thumbs .
We know that certain physicians are better than others just by touching the patient .
And it ’s more than just a placebo effect .
What ’s the mechanism ?
We ’re trying to understand that .
And the third thing I think is really important is we ’re trying to understand the nature of consciousness itself .
And of course , consciousness is probably more like an over - inclusive term .
It ’s probably not consciousness but a variety of complicated processes and we just slam this word on it that are involved with individuals have these unique skills , like the Shawn Haribands and the Ingo Swanns who seem to have access to information that others do not have .
So we ’re trying to understand the neurophysical basis to it and to try to integrate it in terms of the known energies around us so that someday we can also replicate it .
That really is the real test of a hypothesis or an idea .
Can you replicate it with an experiment ?
Alex Tsakiris :
Wow , very fascinating stuff .
It does lead me – I ca n’t resist asking this one more question .
If you do seem to be kind of leaning in the direction of saying that there might be other ways that consciousness interacts with other consciousness , you know , the telepathy thing with the light flashing , then are you open to the possibility that maybe the physical structure of our brain is more of a transceiver than the agent that creates consciousness , as some people have suggested .
Is that on the table for you , or …
Dr. Michael Persinger : Absolutely .
The idea that the brain , of course , is a source of all experiences because the brain , obviously if you terminate it you do n’t have experiences , but the counter hypothesis – actually it ’s not even counter , it ’s a parallel hypothesis – that the brain is microstructured .
This infinitesimal , complex pattern , is microstructured so that it can serve as a substrate for electromagnetic patterns .
And those electromagnetic patterns are the behaviors and the experiences , which means technically they could exist somewhere else .
That means that if indeed there is an electromagnetic pattern , a complex one though it may be , associated with consciousness , if you recreated a substructure in another kind of setting , for example , a computer or in rocks or in trees , could you have some simulation of that ?
That , of course , is a hypothesis that definitely deserves testing .
Alex Tsakiris :
What a wild ride you have there in your lab , huh ?
You must wake up – also in your interview I read how your work ethic is quite impressive .
Do you still work until the wee hours of the morning every day ?
Dr. Michael Persinger : Yes , we do .
We work until about four in the morning .
Alex Tsakiris : Wow .
That ’s great .
Well , we ’ll all stay tuned to the exciting and interesting things that are sure to come out of all your work .
Thank you , thank you so much for joining us today on Skeptiko , Dr. Persinger .
Dr. Michael Persinger :
Well thank you for asking me .
Alex Tsakiris :
Thanks again to Dr. Michael Persinger for joining me today on Skeptiko .
If you ’d like more information about this show , including all those links that I spoke about in terms of connecting up with me and connecting up with this show , please visit our Web site .
It ’s at skeptiko.com .
You ’ll find links to all our previous shows .
You can also post your comments right there , or you can go to the Skeptiko forum and post your comments there , as well .
That ’s going to do it for today .
I have some very interesting interviews along this line coming up , so stay with me for that .
And until next time , bye for now .
ome to Skeptiko where we explore controversial science with leading researchers , thinkers , and their critics .
I ’m your host , Alex Tsakiris , and on this episode of Skeptiko we ’re going to talk about science and skepticism .
You know , a few months ago I received an e-mail
Rory Cellan- Jones
As the Digital Britain bill starts to make its way through Parliament , the row over its controversial measures against unlawful file - sharers is getting ever more heated .
Supporters in the music and movie industries are rejoicing that something is at last being done to protect artists whose property they say has been stolen , while critics of the bill say it represents a fundamental attack on the rights of internet users .
But what 's missing from the whole debate is some data .
Just how much unlawful file - sharing is going on in the UK and what effect is it having on the creative industries ?
It 's hard to be sure really - the music industry often says that twenty unauthorised tracks are downloaded for every one that 's paid for , but I 'm not sure how that figure was worked out .
The government , too , seems hazy , unable to say how it will know when file - sharing has been reduced by 70 % , the target to be attained by the initial deterrence campaign before stronger measures are contemplated .
Then there are the assertions made about file - sharers ' behaviour .
Critics of a crackdown say they are the very people who spend more on legitimate downloads , and that they would stop if only there were enough well - priced alternatives on offer .
The music industry says there is ample evidence that deterrents work , pointing to an apparent rise in sales of music in Sweden following the legal action against the Pirate Bay .
So in an attempt to shed a little more light on this issue , I asked two of the most vociferous lobby groups to answer five questions about file - sharing , supplying me with a little bit of evidence on each of them .
Geoff Taylor of the BPI , the music industry trade body , and Jim Killock of the Open Rights Group , which believes the Digital Economy bill is deeply illiberal , responded with alacrity .
Here 's how it went - and even if you violently disagree with what either side says , please try to critique their evidence rather than their characters in your replies .
(1) What evidence do we have of the extent of unlawful file - sharing in the UK ?
Jim Killock , ORG : Not enough .
Most of it comes from the recorded music industry .
We also have evidence in a rapid decline in file sharing : Music
Ally thinks it has reduced by 40 % [ 110 Kb PDF ] .
Geoff Taylor , BPI : Plenty .
There are several pieces of substantial research showing that around 7 to 8 million people in the UK are file - sharing music alone .
Let 's look at two examples .
Harris Interactive conducted research among the UK general public aged 16 - 54 from February to March 2009 , which gave a 23 % incidence of music file - sharing using peer - to - peer networks in the UK population aged 16 - 54 , or 8.3 million file - sharers based on ONS population data .
This number omits people under 16 completely .
Additionally , Jupiter Research conducted consumer research on behalf of the BPI in August 2007 , which predicted 6.7 million peer - to - peer file - sharers during 2008 , and 7.3 million for 2009 .
(2) What evidence is there of the effect that file - sharing has had on the UK music industry ?
ORG : Whatever effect it has , we can assume that effect is reducing .
the music industry has grown in the last ten years - it has not shrunk , as many would have you believe .
The shift has been towards digital and live music , and away from physical sales .
BPI : The observable link between the onset and growth of peer - to - peer and the decline of UK record sales is an obvious place to start .
In 1999 , UK trade deliveries were worth £ 1,133 m , compared to £ 893.8 m in 2008 .
In terms of academic research - contrary to the claims made by critics - there is study after study which demonstrates the link between illegal P2P file - sharing and lost music sales .
These include :
The Analysis of the European Online Music Market Development and Assessment of Future Opportunities [ 179 Kb PDF ] -
" The overall impact of file - sharing on music spending is negative . "
Institute Center for Technology Freedom ( USA , 2007 ) : The True Cost of Sound Recording Piracy to the US Economy by Stephen Siwek -
This study estimates the damage to the USA economy as a result of music piracy and evaluates the impact on jobs , earnings and lost tax revenues , concluding : " Piracy of recorded music costs the US sound recording industries billions of dollars in lost revenue and profits . "
Jupiter Research ( UK ) - Music Industry Losses .
The report concluded that online music piracy cost the UK music industry £ 1.6 bn between 2001 and 2012 ; in 2007 alone , online music piracy resulted in £ 159.2 m of foregone spend .
Norbert Michael ( USA , 2006 ) : The Impact of Digital File‐sharing on the Music Industry : An Empirical Analysis [ 207 Kb PDF ] -
The study found that file ‐sharing had a negative impact on music sales , suggesting that " file ‐sharing may have reduced album sales ( between 1999 ‐2003 ) by as much as 13 % for some music consumers . "
There is a small number of studies which purport to show a positive relationship between file - sharing and music sales , but these have been subsequently heavily criticised in peer review .
(3) Is n't it true that file - sharers also tend to be the people who spend more on music ?
ORG : Absolutely .
Every academic study has shown this , for instance the Institute for Information Law study in the Netherlands [ 1 Mb PDF ] .
Most file - sharing is about discovery - finding new things , as people do with radio - which is why new streaming services have eaten into file - sharing .
BPI : It is of course true that many people who file - share buy music , but it is also true that many file - sharers prefer to free - load with little willingness to pay for music at all .
The report from the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry , based on research from Jupiter Research and Forrester Research [ 179 Kb PDF ] , succinctly sets out the case .
A recent Demos survey [ 3.51 Mb Powerpoint ] garnered plenty of headlines , but its flaws were not widely reported .
Firstly , it grouped people who used search engines to discover music in with people who use P2P , but you can of course use search engines to discover music , then listen legally to streamed music for free or buy music .
The study simply illustrated the unsurprising fact that , as a group , file - sharers tend to be bigger consumers of recorded music than non -file - sharers - because most file - sharers are very interested in music while some non-file - sharers do n't consume music at all .
The net effect of illegal file - sharing in the UK and elsewhere has been to reduce legitimate sales .
This is why spending on recorded music has fallen every year since illegal file - sharing began to become widespread .
(4) Does n't the Swedish example show that when action is taken against unlawful file - sharing , there is a beneficial impact on legal music sales ?
ORG : We 'd need to see the whole figures to know what was happening , but legal music sales are growing everywhere , not just in Sweden .
And the real result of the clampdown in Sweden has been the election of two Pirate Party MEPs with 7 % of the population voting for them .
Hardly a victory for the music industry .
BPI : It certainly looks that way , and there 's similar news from South Korea , where the adoption of new anti-piracy laws has seen music sales rebound after years of decline .
In Sweden , music industry revenues rose 18 % during the first nine months of this year , coinciding with the introduction of new laws in April to tackle illegal file - sharing .
This is n't the whole story , though : there 's also been a ruling on the Pirate Bay and Spotify has become very popular very quickly .
But the increase in sales is very encouraging , and there 's reason to be optimistic that revenues in Britain could follow a similar pattern if legislation is passed that steers people towards new legal services .
(5) Are n't there now plenty of legal alternatives for people who want to get hold of music online without resorting to file - sharing ?
ORG : We can see this is what 's happened , but we can also see that Spotify has closed its doors to new customers because the license payments they make are unreasonably high .
Online radio services like Spotify need to have licensing based on revenue share rather than per-play costs in order to make a profit .
Online licensing in general is still very restrictive with unreasonable and arbitrary conditions frequently imposed , including handing over of nearly 20 % of their business in Spotify 's case .
It would be well worth the Competition Commission taking a close look at the market abuse that is taking place and restricting trade .
BPI : There are more than 35 legal music services in the UK already .
The a la carte download model popularised by iTunes has now been joined by many subscription and streaming services - such as Spotify and We7 - with vast catalogues and catering for all tastes and budgets .
In the last few weeks alone , Sky Songs has launched , and retail giant Tesco has revamped its entertainment offering .
There 's more choice of music retailers online than you are likely to find on your local high street .
There is no longer any sensible justification for file - sharing illegally , since many services now allow free access to huge catalogues of music and feature playlist sharing and other social tools .
Sadly , these developments have n't made any significant difference to levels of illegal file - sharing .
The growth of new music services will continue to be held back unless new legislation is passed , as it is difficult to justify developing new services when the market includes unauthorised services operating illegally to provide music entirely for free .
New scientific evidence refutes the preconception that testosterone causes aggressive , egocentric , and risky behavior .
A study at the Universities of Zurich and Royal Holloway London with more than 120 experimental subjects has shown that the sexual hormone with the poor reputation can encourage fair behaviors if this serves to ensure one 's own status .
Popular scientific literature , art , and the media have been attributing the roll of aggression to the arguably best known sexual hormone for decades .
Research appeared to confirm this -- the castration of male rodents evidently led to a reduction in combativeness among the animals .
The prejudice thus grew over decades that testosterone causes aggressive , risky , and egocentric behavior .
The inference from these experiments with animals that testosterone produces the same effects in humans has proven to be false , however , as a combined study by neuroscientist Christoph Eisenegger and economist Ernst Fehr , both of the University of Zurich , and economist Michael Naef of Royal Holloway in London demonstrates .
" We wanted to verify how the hormone affects social behavior , " Dr. Christoph Eisenegger explains , adding , " we were interested in the question : what is truth , and what is myth ? "
For the study , published in the journal Nature , some 120 test subjects took part in a behavioral experiment where the distribution of a real amount of money was decided .
The rules allowed both fair and unfair offers .
The negotiating partner could subsequently accept or decline the offer .
The fairer the offer , the less probable a refusal by the negotiating partner .
If no agreement was reached , neither party earned anything .
Before the game the test subjects were administered either a dose of 0.5 mg testosterone or a corresponding placebo .
" If one were to believe the common opinion , we would expect subjects who received testosterone to adopt aggressive , egocentric , and risky strategies -- regardless of the possibly negative consequences on the negotiation process , " Eisenegger elucidates .
Fairer with testosterone
The study 's results , however , contradict this view sharply .
Test subjects with an artificially enhanced testosterone level generally made better , fairer offers than those who received placebos , thus reducing the risk of a rejection of their offer to a minimum .
" The preconception that testosterone only causes aggressive or egoistic behavior in humans is thus clearly refuted , " sums up Eisenegger .
Instead , the findings suggest that the hormone increases the sensitivity for status .
For animal species with relatively simple social systems , an increased awareness for status may express itself in aggressiveness .
" In the socially complex human environment , pro-social behavior secures status , and not aggression , " surmises study co-author Michael Naef from Royal Holloway London .
" The interplay between testosterone and the socially differentiated environment of humans , and not testosterone itself , probably causes fair or aggressive behavior . "
Moreover the study shows that the popular wisdom that the hormone causes aggression is apparently deeply entrenched : those test subjects who believed they had received the testosterone compound and not the placebo stood out with their conspicuously unfair offers .
It is possible that these persons exploited the popular wisdom to legitimate their unfair actions .
Economist Michael Naef states : " It appears that it is not testosterone itself that induces aggressiveness , but rather the myth surrounding the hormone .
In a society where qualities and manners of behavior are increasingly traced to biological causes and thereby partly legitimated , this should make us sit up and take notice . "
The study clearly demonstrates the influence of both social as well as biological factors on human behavior .
I 've been trying to make small improvements to the Erik Naggum comp.lang.lisp archive .
One of them is to change the Google Groups link on an article from Google 's individual article view to the thread view , so you can quickly see more of the context of the article without clicking multiple times .
Unfortunately , getting the thread view URL requires scraping an individual article 's HTML , and Google limits the rate at which you can do that from a single IP .
Fortunately , the task is easily distributed among multiple workers .
Here 's a bit of client and server code I used to get some friends help me gather the 5000 + links I was looking for .
First , the client .
It 's meant to be run with sbcl -- load megamid.lisp .
Here 's what it does :
Fetch a message id from my server
Fetch that message id 's page from Google
Scrape the thread URL from that page
Post the message id and thread URL back to my server
Repeat while my server still returns message ids
; ; ; ; megamid.lisp ( sb- ext: disable - debugger ) ( require ' asdf ) ( require ' drakma ) ( defpackage #:megamid ( :use #:cl ) ( : shadowing-import-from #:drakma # :http- request ) ) ( in - package #:megamid ) ( defun parameters ( params ) ( loop for ( key value ) on params by #'cddr collect ( cons ( string - downcase key ) ( princ - to - string value ) ) ) ) ( defun request ( url &key ( method : get ) parameters ) ( multiple - value - bind ( content code headers uri stream must - close ) ( http - request url : method method : parameters ( parameters parameters ) : want - stream nil ) ( declare ( ignore headers uri ) ) ( when must - close ( ignore - errors ( close stream ) ) ) ( when ( <= 400 code ) ( error " Bad response code ~ A for ~A ~ A " code method url ) ) ( unless ( = 204 code ) content ) ) ) ( defun google - page ( message - id ) ( request " http://groups.google.com/groups " : parameters ( list : selm ( string - trim " < > " message - id ) ) ) ) ( defun extract - thread - link ( string ) " Return the URL linking to a thread discussion in STRING , which should be a Google Groups article HTML page . " ( let ( ( inde x ( search " / browse_thread / " string ) ) ) ( when index ( let ( ( start ( 1+ ( position # \ " string : from - end t : end index ) ) ) ( end ( position # \ " string : start index ) ) ) ( concatenate ' string " http://groups.google.com " ( remove #\? ( subseq string start end ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defun thread - link ( message - id ) ( extract - thread - link ( google - page message - id ) ) ) ( defun message - id -p ( string ) " Is STRING a lot like a message - id ? " ( and ( char= ( char string 0 ) #\<) ( char= ( char string ( 1- ( length string ) ) ) #\>) ( position # \@ string ) ) ) ( defun resolver - loop ( ) ( loop ( let ( ( message - id ( request " http://lisp.xach.com/naggum/unresolved " ) ) ) ( unless ( and message - id ( message - id - p message - id ) ) ( sb- ext : quit ) ) ( let ( ( thread - link ( thread - link message - id ) ) ) ( request " http://lisp.xach.com/naggum/resolve " : method : post : parameters ( list : message - id message - id :url ( or thread - link " none " ) ) ) ( format t " ~A => ~ A ~ % " message - id thread - link ) ) ) ( force - output ) ( sleep (+ 3 ( random 3 ) ) ) ) ) ( resolver - loop )
Here 's the server .
Basically :
Keep a stack of all message ids
If a client requests a message id , pop the stack and return one
If a client posts a message id and url , save it to a file
; ; ; ; megamid- server.lisp ( defpackage #:megamid - server ( :use #:cl ) ( : shadowing-import-from #:sb-thread #:make- mutex # :with- mutex ) ) ( in - package #:megamid - server ) ( defvar * lock * ( make - mutex : name " megamid " ) ) ( defvar * pending - message - ids * '( ) ) ( defun message - id -p ( string ) " Is STRING a lot like a message - id ? " ( and ( char= ( char string 0 ) #\<) ( char= ( char string ( 1- ( length string ) ) ) #\>) ( position # \@ string ) ) ) ( defun string - digest ( string ) ( ironclad : byte- array - to - hex - string ( ironclad: digest - sequence ' ironclad:md5 ( sb- ext : string - to - octets string : external - format :ascii ) ) ) ) ( defun file ( message - id ) ( make - pathname : name ( string - digest message - id ) : type " txt " : defaults # p" site : db; naggum ; thread-urls ; " ) ) ( defun resolvedp ( message - id ) ( probe - file ( file message - id ) ) ) ( defun load - unresolved ( ) ( with - mutex ( * lock * ) ( setf * pending - message -ids * ( remove - if ' resolvedp ( site:file-lines # p" site:db;naggum;msgids.txt " ) ) ) ) ) ( defun handle - resolve ( ) ( let ( ( message - id ( hunchentoot : post - parameter " message - id " ) ) ( url ( hunchentoot : post - parameter " url " ) ) ) ( when ( and message - id url ( message - id - p message - id ) ) ( let ( ( file ( file message - id ) ) ) ( with - mutex ( * lock * ) ( unless ( probe - file file ) ( ensure - directories - exist file ) ( site : barf url file ) ) ) ) ) " ok " ) ) ( defun handle - unresolved ( ) ( let ( ( message - id ) ) ( with - mutex ( * lock * ) ( setf message - id ( pop * pending - message - ids * ) ) ) ( if message - id message - id ( progn ( setf ( hunchentoot : return - code * ) 204 ) " " ) ) ) ) ( site : handle-url " /naggum/ resolve " ' handle - resolve ) ( site : handle-url " /naggum/unresolved " ' handle - unresolved )
With a bunch of people helping me , I was able to get all the URLs I needed within a few hours .
In this intense video , a skier with a helmet cam on gets caught in a huge avalanche , getting buried for four and a half minutes and then getting dug out .
Good lord .
The guy in the video was the first one to drop from their group and while not a guide ( he was going tail - gunner style ) , had a lot of Utah and AK backcountry experience .
He had a Black Diamond Avalung on , but as you can tell from the video while he 's talking as he 's dropping in , it was n't in his mouth to start .
He tried to shove it in the instant of starting to get sucked down , but it did n't stay .
It was just off to the corner of his mouth he said , and he definitely got snow / ice build up as you 'll see on the second sweep of the mouth by the guide after they get to him .
So as he drops in you can also see the sluff to the skier 's right immediately start building .... and that 's actually the chute that was the intended route down .
For whatever reason - well pure , unadulterated powder will do it to you - he did n't go make some strong " skier cuts " into the upper pack to do one final snow check .
Instead he just sent it .
And it didnt ' take more than a few turns out on this big shoulder above this cliff band to break loose .
This was a decent sized avalanche .
1,500 feet the dude fell in a little over 20 seconds .
The crown was about 1 - 1.5 m .
The chute that he got sucked through to the skier 's right was flanked on either side by cliff bands that were about 30 m tall .
He luckily did n't break any bones and obviously did n't hit anything on the run out .
He was only buried for 4 and a half minutes which is incredibly short .
In that time , though , you can hear his breathing already accelerate .
The ruffling noise back and forth is his chest rising and falling and the noise that his jacket makes .
The intermittent whimpering noise you hear is him trying to swallow and get some air .
Still sends chills up the back of my neck .
Oh and they located him so fast because his right glove came off just before he came completley to rest and there was an excellent visual of course .
John Mackey , the founder and CEO of Whole Foods , decided to write an op ed in the Wall Street Journal last summer decrying President Obama 's health care reform ideas as " socialism . "
Now we find out that Whole Foods ' CEO also thinks Climate Change is a bunch of bunk .
One of the books on the list was “ Heaven and Earth : Global Warming — the Missing Science , ” a skeptical take on climate change .
Mackey told me that he agrees with the book ’s assertion that , as he put it , “ no scientific consensus exists ” regarding the causes of climate change ; he added , with a candor you could call bold or reckless , that it would be a pity to allow “ hysteria about global warming ” to cause us “ to raise taxes and increase regulation , and in turn lower our standard of living and lead to an increase in poverty . ”
One would imagine that , on this score , many of his customers , to say nothing of most climate scientists , might disagree .
He also said , “ Historically , prosperity tends to correlate to warmer temperatures . ”
Oh , and for those of you who were disappointed that Whole Foods became an anti- health care reform activist , or that its founder is pushing anti- climate change malarky , Mackey has one word for you : Safeway .
You see , according to Whole Foods , they 're no different than Safeway .
You should n't perceive them as any different , or more wholesome , or green , or progressive , or nice than Safeway .
They 're the exact same thing - a cut throat business out for money , that 's it .
So please stop ascribing something more worthy and noble to the corporate mission of Whole Foods .
“ I was so viciously attacked for two reasons , ” Mackey told me .
“ One is that people had an idea in their minds about the way Whole Foods was .
So when I articulated a capitalistic interpretation of what needed to be done in health care , that was disappointing to some people . ”
He begrudges the extent to which people have projected onto Whole Foods an unrealistic and idealistic vision of the company .
“ The C.E.O. of Safeway , Steven Burd , wrote an op - ed piece in June advocating , basically , market solutions to the health - care problem , and nobody gave a shit , ” he said .
Oh , and by the way , note Mackey 's use of the term " capitalist " to describe his take on health care reform .
Do you get it ?
He 's a capitalist , you 're not .
And who are n't capitalists ?
SOCIALISTS .
Oh , and maybe the reason people are confused about what values Whole Foods holds is because you sure try to come off as a big ole crunchy progressive on your own Web site .
Perhaps it 's time that all you " socialists " told Whole Foods what you think of people who deny climate change , people who think that providing cheaper and better health care to more people is " socialist . "
Please use the form below to write your own personal note to Whole Foods , telling them how you feel about their CEO 's views on climate change and health care reform .
How you feel about Whole Foods , now that you know they are n't a progressive company , that they do n't have progressive values , that they 're no better than Safeway or any other company simply out for a fast buck , regardless of how it affects the community around them , and the world .
Your note below will be emailed immediately to Whole Foods ' corporate relations team .
The first comprehensive review of the state of Antarctica 's climate and its relationship to the global climate system is published Dec. 1 , 2009 by the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) .
The review -- Antarctic Climate Change and the Environment -- presents the latest research from the icy continent , identifies areas for future scientific research , and addresses the urgent questions that policy makers have about Antarctic melting , sea - level rise and biodiversity .
Based on the latest evidence from 100 world - leading scientists from 13 countries , the review focuses on the impact and consequences of rapid warming of the Antarctic Peninsula and the Southern Ocean ; rapid ice loss in parts of Antarctica and the increase in sea ice around the continent ; the impact of climate change on Antarctica 's plants and animals ; the unprecedented increase in carbon dioxide levels ; the connections between human - induced global change and natural variability ; and the extraordinary finding that the ozone hole has shielded most of Antarctica from global warming .
Dr. Colin Summerhayes , Executive Director of the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research said , " Antarctica is an unrivalled source of information about our planet .
This review describes what we know now and illustrates how human activity is driving rapid climate change .
By integrating this multidisciplinary evidence into a single source we will help scientists and policy makers understand the distinction between environmental changes linked to the Earth 's natural cycles , and those that are human induced .
The work is particularly important because it puts Antarctic climate change into context and reveals the impact on the rest of the planet . "
Professor John Turner of British Antarctic Survey is the lead editor of the review .
He said : " For me the most astonishing evidence is the way that one man-made environmental impact -- the ozone hole -- has shielded most of Antarctica from another -- global warming .
Understanding the complexities surrounding these issues is a challenge for scientists -- and communicating these in a meaningful way to society and to policymakers is essential .
There is no doubt that our world is changing and human activity is accelerating global change .
This review is a major step forward in making sure that the latest and best evidence is available in one place .
It sets the scene for future Antarctic Research and provides the knowledge that we all need to help us live with environmental change . "
Antarctic Climate Change and the Environment
This review draws together important information from different scientific disciplines ( such as meteorology , glaciology and biology ) and therefore different aspects of the global climate system .
advertisement
Key findings from the review are highlighted in 85 key points , which you can see in full at : http://www.antarctica.ac.uk/met/SCAR_ssg_ps/ACCE.htm
A summary of the report 's findings are detailed in the following 10 key points :
1 . Hole in ozone layer has shielded most of Antarctica from global warming
The ozone hole has delayed the impact of greenhouse gas increases on the climate of the continent .
Consequently south polar winds ( the polar vortex ) , have intensified and affected Antarctic weather patterns .
Westerly winds over the Southern Ocean that surrounds Antarctica have increased by around 15 % .
The stronger winds have effectively isolated Antarctica from the warming elsewhere on the planet .
As a result during the past 30 years there has been little change in surface temperature over much of the vast Antarctic continent , although West Antarctica has warmed slightly .
An important exception is the eastern coast of the Antarctic Peninsula , which has seen rapid summer warming .
This warming is caused by stronger westerly winds bringing warm , wet air into the region from the ocean .
2. Warming of the Southern Ocean will cause changes in Antarctic ecosystem
The largest ocean current on Earth ( the Antarctic Circumpolar Current ) has warmed faster than the global ocean as a whole .
The Southern Ocean is one of the major sinks of atmospheric CO2 , but increasing westerly winds have affected the ocean 's ability to absorb CO2 by causing the upwelling of CO2 rich water .
If temperatures continue to rise ' alien ' species may migrate into the region , competing with and replacing original Antarctic inhabitants .
Key species in the food chain like planktonic snails could suffer from ocean acidification .
Changes in the food regime are likely to decrease the rich Antarctic seabed biodiversity .
advertisement
3. Rapid increase in plant communities across Antarctic Peninsula
Rapid warming has been seen along the western Antarctic Peninsula , along with a switch from snowfall to rain during summer , resulting in expansion of plant , animal and microbial communities in newly available land .
Humans have also inadvertently introduced ' alien ' organisms such as grasses , flies and bacteria .
4. Rapid ice loss in parts of the Antarctic
The West Antarctic Ice Sheet has significantly thinned particularly around the Amundsen Sea Embayment as a result of warmer ocean temperatures .
Regional warming caused by intensification of the westerly winds ( due to the ozone hole ) is melting ice shelves along the eastern Antarctic Peninsula ( e.g. Larsen B Ice Shelf ) .
Overall , 90 % of the Peninsula 's glaciers have retreated in recent decades .
However , the bulk of the Antarctic ice sheet has shown little change .
5. 10 % increase in sea ice around the Antarctic
Since 1980 there has been a 10 % increase in Antarctic sea ice extent , particularly in the Ross Sea region , as a result of the stronger winds around the continent ( due to the ozone hole ) .
In contrast , regional sea ice has decreased west of the Antarctic Peninsula due to changes in local atmospheric circulation and this has also been linked with the very rapid warming seen over land on the west coast of the Peninsula .
6. Carbon dioxide levels increasing at fastest pace in 800,000 years
Atmospheric concentrations of CO2 and CH4 are at higher levels than experienced in the last 800,000 years and are increasing at rates unlikely to have been seen in the ( geologically ) recent past .
Antarctica was warmer in the last interglacial ( 130,000 years ago ) and sea levels were higher , but the contribution of West Antarctica to that rise is currently unknown .
Small - scale climate variability over the last 11,000 years has caused rapid ice loss , shifts in ocean and atmospheric circulation and enhanced biological production , showing that Antarctica is highly sensitive to even minor climate changes .
Studies of sediments under recently lost ice shelves suggest ice shelf loss in some regions is unprecedented during this time scale .
7 . Sea ice loss directly affecting krill levels and penguin colonisation
Loss of sea ice west of the Antarctic Peninsula has caused changes in algal growth .
This loss of sea ice has also caused a shift from large to smaller species .
Stocks of krill have declined significantly .
In some areas Adélie penguin populations have declined due to reduced sea ice and prey species ( on the northern Antarctic Peninsula ) , but they have remained stable or increased elsewhere ( Ross Sea and East Antarctica ) .
Historical exploitation of seals and whales has changed the ecosystem , reducing scientists ' ability to fully understand the impacts of climate change on krill and other species .
8. Antarctica predicted to warm by around 3 °C over this century
Over this century the ozone hole is expected to heal , allowing the full effects of greenhouse gas increases to be felt across the Antarctic .
Models suggest that the net effect will be continued slow strengthening of winds across the Southern Ocean , while sea ice will decrease by a third , resulting in increased phytoplankton productivity .
The predicted warming of about 3 °C across the continent is not enough to melt the main ice sheet and an increase in snowfall there should offset sea level rise by a few centimetres .
9 . West Antarctic ice loss could contribute to 1.4 m sea level rise
Loss of ice from the West Antarctic ice sheet is likely to contribute some tens of centimetres to global sea level by 2100 .
This will contribute to a projected total sea level rise of up to 1.4 metres ( and possibly higher ) by 2100 .
10 .
Improved modelling of polar processes required for accurate predictions
Climate variability in the Polar Regions is larger than in other parts of the world , yet these remote regions are sparsely sampled .
These areas need to be monitored in much greater detail in order to detect change , to improve understanding of the processes at work , and to distinguish between natural climate variability and variability caused by human influences .
A detailed understanding of past climate is also crucial for understanding this distinction , as is a significant refinement of currently crude climate models .
Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) is the main body dealing with the international co-ordination of scientific research in Antarctica and the Southern Ocean .
Formed with 12 member countries in 1958 to continue activities begun during the International Geophysical Year of 1957 -- 58 , it is an interdisciplinary committee of the International Council for Science ( ICSU ) and now has 35 Member countries .
SCAR played a leading role in the recently completed International Polar Year ( 2007 -- 2008 ) .
New - fangled LED traffic lights last longer , pierce the darkness more effectively and consume 90 % less energy than incandescent bulbs .
That 's also their drawback .
They 're not hot enough to melt snow that sticks to their lenses , causing dozens of accidents .
Advertisement
LED 's are , by design , more thermally efficient than incandescent bulbs , meaning more of the electricity is turned into light and less into heat .
Incandescent bulbs are generally considered to " waste " electricity as a result of this thermal inefficiency , but in the case of traffic lights in northern climes there 's a happy benefit , the " waste " heat melts snow so , you know , people can see the lights .
Police departments across the northern United States are noticing an uptick in accidents related to snow - packed LED traffic signals .
Whereas incandescent bulbs melt the snow , the LED units cannot and the snow blocks all the light .
The problem happens during heavy , wet snows with high cross winds , and can persist as long as the temperature has n't raised to naturally melt the snow ( or road crews clean the lights by hand ) .
Advertisement
Why motorists are dumb enough to take this as an indication to just barrel through an intersection into an accident is beyond us .
We 'd think they'd be smart enough to simply treat the situation the same as a power outage , approaching the intersection as a four - way stop .
Although there 's no solution to the problem , although it seems a gentle heating element attached to a nifty sensor would do the job — but such a device would certainly cut into the energy savings benefit from LED signals ( sorry Greenies , better luck next time ! ) .
Another option ?
Motorists practicing defensive driving .
Yeah , like that 'll happen .
[ AOLAutos ]
Photo credit : Make Magazine
In frigid northeastern China , in the city of Harbin is hosting its 26th annual International Ice and Snow Sculpture Festival .
Massive buildings built of ice from the frozen surface of the nearby Songhua River , large scale snow sculptures , ice slides , festival food and drinks can be found in several parks in the city .
At night , visitors who endure the bitter cold will see the lights switched on , illuminating the sculptures from both inside and outside .
This year 's festival opened yesterday , January 5th , and will remain open until some time in February .
Collected here are several photos from just before the festival , and of the opening night .
( 31 photos total
Reddit Share 0 Shares
Scientists are quite familiar with what a supernova looks like — when these stars are destroyed in the most massive explosions in the universe , they leave their mark as one of the brightest objects in space , at least for several weeks .
While the supernova can be seen , it ca n’t be heard , as sound waves cannot travel through space .
But what if the light waves emitted by the exploding star and other cosmological phenomena could be translated into sound ?
That ’s the idea behind a “ Rhythms of the Universe , ” a musical project to “ sonify ” the universe by Grateful Dead percussionist and Grammy award - winning artist Mickey Hart that caught the attention of Nobel Prize - winning astrophysicist George Smoot of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
Hart presented his composition using supernova and other astrophysics data during the Cosmology at the Beach Conference held Jan. 11-15 in Playa del Carmen , Mexico .
The conference is cosponsored by the Berkeley Center for Cosmological Physics ( BCCP ) , established by Smoot after he received the Nobel Prize for Physics in 2006 .
When a star goes out with a bang as a supernova , scientists on earth gather the electromagnetic waves from these stellar explosions to learn more about the universe , from understanding its birth 13 billion years ago , to determining what the universe is of made of , to predicting how it may eventually end .
Keith Jackson , a Berkeley Lab computer scientist who is also a musician , lent his talents to the project , starting with gathering data from astrophysicists like those at the Berkeley Lab ’s Nearby Supernova Factory , which collects data from telescopes in space and on earth to quickly detect and analyze short - lived supernovas .
“ If you think about it , it ’s all electromagnetic data — but with a very high frequency , ” Jackson said of the raw data .
“ What we did is turn it into sound by slowing down the frequency and ‘ stretching ’ it into an audio form .
Both light and sound are all wave forms — just at different frequencies .
Our goal was to turn the electromagnetic data into audio data while still preserving the science . ”
Playing the sound on his computer , Jackson produces a deep vibrational rumble , punctuated with deeper , louder sounds — almost what one would think an earthquake sounds like .
Hart then took these sounds and further translated them to create music .
The resulting composition was played on a state - of - the - art sound system and accompanied by a visual presentation of appropriate scientific images from NASA and other research institutions .
Read the news release about the project .
Jackson put his experience as both a computer scientist and a performing musician to work as he helps set up the equipment for the presentation .
He was also available to answer questions about the scientific side of the project , or “ how we made the sounds that Mickey used to make the music . ”
One of BCCP ’s three focus areas is education , and the idea of translating astrophysical phenomena into sound and music grew out of discussions on how to use art to get people enthused about science .
Members of Berkeley Lab ’s Computational Research Division were contacted to provide computing support , including data and conversion , for the project .
Jackson was also interviewed at length as part of a documentary video being produced about the project .
Other members of the Computational Research Division lending their expertise to the project were computer scientist Cecilia Aragon and scientific visualization expert Prabhat .
For Jackson , who usually applies his expertise to helping researchers around the world collaborate as they make use of leading - edge computing systems and experimental facilities , the project was a perfect match .
“ It brings together my love of science , my love of music and my love of the Grateful Dead , ” he said .
“ What more could you ask for in life ? ”
Millions remember the countdowns , launchings , splashdowns , and parades as the U.S. raced the USSR to the moon in the 1960s .
But few know that both countries also ran parallel space programs , whose covert goal was to launch military astronauts on spying missions .
In this program , NOVA delves into the untold story of this top - secret space race , which might easily have turned into a shooting war in orbit .
/ p>
Co-produced by investigative journalist James Bamford , acclaimed best - selling author of The Puzzle Palace and Emmy Award - winning producer Scott Willis , “ Astrospies ” uncovers new clues about the tensest period of the Cold War , when the U.S. and USSR were on the verge of war and desperate for intelligence on each other ’s nuclear capabilities .
In the U.S. , the Air Force - run program was given the cover name Manned Orbiting Laboratory .
The public was informed only that the project involved placing military astronauts in space to conduct scientific research .
But in reality , as the MOL pilots themselves tell NOVA , their actual mission was far different — although even they were kept in the dark at first .
/ p>
In fact , MOL was designed to be an orbiting spy station , with two astronauts operating an array of intelligence - gathering instruments , including a telescope capable of resolving objects on the ground as small as three inches .
In footage broadcast for the first time , NOVA shows a mock - up of MOL ’s interior as well as astronauts training for different phases of the mission .
Ubisoft Unveils New PC DRM Requiring Online Connection To Play ( Updated )
Original : Developer and publisher Ubisoft 's new PC DRM solution will feature no CD checks or installation limits and pack support for ' cloud ' online saved game storage but will require players be online to authenticate before playing , GameSpy reveals .
Players will be required to login to their Ubi.com account to authenticate each and every time they wish to play -- and there will be no support at all for offline play .
" We think most people are going to be fine with it .
Most people are always connected to an Internet connection , " said Ubisoft director of customer support Brent Wilkinson .
The DRM platform will debut with the closed beta test of Blue Byte city - building strategy The Settlers 7 .
" Most upcoming Ubisoft PC games " will make use of the platform , though GameSpy says not all will support cloud saves .
Cadbury produces some of the UK's best - known chocolate bars UK confectioner Cadbury has rejected a £ 9.8 bn ( $ 16.4 bn ) hostile bid from US food giant Kraft .
Cadbury said it had " emphatically rejected " what it saw as the " derisory " offer , which will now be put directly to its shareholders .
Kraft offered a mixture of cash and shares for each Cadbury share - the same terms it proposed in September .
As Kraft shares have dropped in value since then , the bid is now worth less than the original £ 10.2 bn approach .
" Kraft 's offer does not come remotely close to reflecting the true value of our company , and involves the unattractive prospect of the absorption of Cadbury into a low growth conglomerate business model , " said Cadbury chairman Roger Carr .
Kraft offered 300p in cash and 0.2589 new Kraft shares for each Cadbury share .
Cadbury shares dipped slightly after Kraft made its new offer , but soon recovered to close up 3 pence at 761p .
CADBURY John Cadbury , a Quaker , opened shop in Birmingham in 1824 , selling tea , coffee and hot chocolate - as an alternative to alcohol Dairy Milk brand introduced in 1905 , with Milk Tray coming 10 years later Merged with Schweppes drinks business in 1969 .
Its drinks arm was spun off in 2008 Employs about 45,000 people in 60 countries
Check Cadbury shares Dave Harvey : It 's Crunchie time
In contrast , Kraft shares slipped 32 cents to $ 26.53 in New York .
' Long - term ' value Under Takeover Panel rules , Kraft had until 1700 GMT on Monday to make a new offer or it would have been blocked from making an approach for six months .
Kraft chairman Irene Rosenfeld questioned Cadbury 's continued ability to stand alone .
" We believe that our proposal offers the best immediate and long - term value for Cadbury 's shareholders and for the company itself compared with any other option currently available , including Cadbury remaining independent , " she said .
KRAFT FOODS
Founded in Illinois as a cheese wholesaler in 1903 Bought in 1988 by Philip Morris , which also purchased Nabisco for $ 19.2bn in 2000 before integrating it into Kraft Foods
More than 40 of its brands are more than 100 years old Has 98,000 employees and 168 manufacturing and processing facilities worldwide Many investors had expected Kraft to increase its offer to tempt the board to back the proposal .
Weekend reports had said that some Cadbury shareholders thought 820 p a share would be a " starting point " for discussions with Kraft .
" If shareholders get a sniff of £ 8.20 they will be obliged to sit down and talk about [ the offer ] , " said David Buik at BGC Partners .
" If we do get to £ 8.20 , then I think [ a takeover ] is a good thing , " he added .
Multiple brands Shares in Cadbury have risen about 30 % since late August .
Cadbury has 50,000 private shareholders .
The largest is US investment management firm Franklin Resources , which owns just over 8 % .
Legal & General holds 5.2 % of the firm .
Kraft will have 60 days from the posting of its offer document to gain shareholder 's support for the bid unless a competitor enters the frame .
As well as Dairy Milk , Cadbury also owns the Green & Black 's chocolate brand , Halls lozenges , Trident and Dentyne gum brands and liquorice allsorts maker Bassett's .
It spun off its drinks division as a separate business last year .
Kraft 's brands include Kenco and Maxwell House coffee , Oreo biscuits , Jacobs , Terry 's Chocolate Orange and Toblerone , as well as cheese products such as Philadelphia and Dairylea .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is a problem I ’ve come across frequently , and since it has come up again recently , I thought I ’d explore this issue in the hope that it will save others some trouble .
There are so many problems that this one issue can lead to that it ’s baffling browsers still behave this way .
The issue ?
An HTML image , either via < img > tag or JavaScript Image object , that has its src set to “ ” ( an empty string ) .
The offending code
There are basically two patterns to identify .
The first pattern is just straight HTML :
< img src= " " >
The second pattern is JavaScript and involves the dynamic setting of the src property on either a newly created image or an existing one :
var img = new Image ( ) ; img.src = " " ;
Both patterns cause the same effect : another request is made to your server .
There are two different ways that browsers do this .
Internet Explorer makes a request to the directory in which the page is located .
For example , if you have a page running at http://www.example.com/dir/mypage.htm that has one of these patterns , IE makes a request to http://www.example.com/dir/ to fill in the image .
that has one of these patterns , IE makes a request to to fill in the image .
Safari and Chrome make a request to the actual page itself .
So the page running at http://www.example.com/dir/mypage.htm results in a second request to http://www.example.com/dir/mypage.htm to fill in the image .
You ’ll note that Opera and Firefox are n’t mentioned at all .
Opera behaves as you might expect : it does n’t do anything when an empty image src is encountered ; the attribute is ignored .
Firefox 3 and earlier behave the same as Safari and Chrome , but Firefox 3.5 addressed this issue and no longer sends a request ( related bug ) .
Both cases , of course , are problematic because it ’s an image making a request for a document .
You can easily see this behavior using an HTTP debugging proxy ( I highly recommend Fiddler ) .
The problems
There are two basic problems that this browser behavior causes .
The first is a traffic spike .
Â Imagine that have < img src= " " > on the page at http://www.example.com/ .
The big problem is that each instance of < img src= " " > makes a request to / in all browsers , which is the homepage of the domain .
Congratulations , you ’ve effectively doubled your traffic to the homepage .
For small sites , this may not be that big of a deal ; jumping from 10,000 to 20,000 page views probably is n’t going to raise any flags for you or your host .
If you ’re a page that gets millions of page views per day , and probably have a lot of machines to handle that load , doubling or tripling traffic can be crippling .
You can very easily run out of capacity .
Another issue with the traffic increase is the computing power needed to generate that homepage .
If the page is personalizable or is updated with some regular frequency , you could be wasting computing cycles creating a page that will never be viewed by anyone .
The second problem is user state corruption .
If you ’re tracking state in the request , either by cookies or in another way , you have the possibility of destroying data .
Even though the image request does n’t return an image , all of the headers are read and accepted by the browser , including all cookies .
While the rest of the response is thrown away , the damage may already be done .
How does this code happen ?
The first time I encountered this problem , I naively thought that it was a bad developer writing crappy code .
Had this been 2000 or earlier , I probably would have been right .
In today ’s web development world , however , I ’m mostly wrong .
Today , there are so many templating engines and content management systems responsible for constructing pages on - the - fly that it ’s quite possible for good developers to end up producing pages with this code .
All it takes is something as simple as this PHP :
< img src= " $imageUrl " >
If some other part of the code is responsible for filling in $ imageUrl , and that code fails , then the offending code gets output to the browser .
In today ’s web development world , we ’re all doing something along these lines , whether we know it or not .
Download a new WordPress theme ?
Make sure you ’ll filled in all default arguments .
Using a CMS at work ?
Make sure all your image URL fields are validated .
It ’s frightening easy to end up with this bad code on your page .
Before getting too angry at browser vendors , I think it ’s fair to take a look at the HTML 4 specification , specifically the part defining images .
Even though the specification indicates that the src attribute should contain a URI , it fails to define the behavior when src does n’t contain a URI .
Of course , images are n’t the only tags that reference an external resource , and so it should come as no surprise that there are other tags with the same problem .
As it turns out , Internet Explorer is the most sane browser out there .
It ’s problems are thankfully limited to images with an empty src attribute .
It does make for this by making it a pain to detect , but that will be discussed later .
For other browsers , there are two additional problem scenarios : < script src= " " > and < link href= " " > .
Chrome , Safari , and Firefox all initiate another request .
Thankfully , no browser has a problem with < iframe src= " " > , as all correctly do not make another request .
What can be done ?
Of course , the best thing to do is eliminate the offending code from your pages whenever possible .
That ’s fixing the problem at the source .
If you ca n’t do that , though , your next best option is to attempt to detect it on the server and abort any further execution .
For browsers other than IE , it ’s not too difficult to detect what ’s going on from the server side .
Since the request comes back to the exact same location that contains the offending code , there are two things you can do .
First , you can check the request ’s referrer .
A request resulting from this issue coming from http://www.example.com/dir/mypage.htm will have a referrer of http://www.example.com/dir/mypage.htm .
Assuming that there are no valid situations under which your page links to itself , this is a fairly safe way to detect these requests on the server - side .
Internet Explorer throws a wrench into the works by sending the request to the directory of the page instead of the page itself .
If you ’re only using path URLs ( i.e. , nothing with a file extension ) , then the effect is the same and you can use the same referrer detect .
Some sample code for use with PHP :
<? php //Works for IE only when using path URLs and not file URLs // get the referrer $ referrer = isset ( $ _SERVER [ ' HTTP_REFERER ' ] ) ?
$ _SERVER [ ' HTTP_REFERER ' ] : '' ; // current URL ( assuming HTTP and default port ) $url = " http : / / " .
$ _SERVER [ ' HTTP_HOST ' ]
Â .
$ _SERVER [ ' REQUEST_URI ' ] ; // make sure they 're not the same if ( $ referrer == $url ) { exit ; } ?>
The goal here is to detect that the page refers to itself and then exit immediately to prevent the server from doing anything additional .
Another option , and probably a good idea , is to log that this has happened so it shows up on a dashboard for evaluation .
Another way to attempt to detect this type of request on the server is by looking at the HTTP Accept header .
All browsers except IE send different HTTP Accept headers for image requests than they do for HTML requests .
As an example , Chrome sends the following Accept header for an HTML request :
Accept : application / xml , application / xhtml+xml,text/html;q=0.9,text/plain;q=0.8,image/png,*/*;q=0.5
Compare this to the Accept header that is sent for an image , script , or style sheet request :
Accept : */*
Firefox , Safari , and Opera all send roughly the same Accept header for HTML requests , meaning that you can check for an individual part , such as “ text / html ” , to determine if the request is an HTML request or something else .
Unfortunately , IE only sends the latter Accept header for all requests , so there is no way to differentiate this on the server .
For browsers other than IE , you can use something like the following :
<? php // Warning : Does n't work for IE !
// make sure the Accept header has ' text / htmnl ' in it if ( strpos ( $ _SERVER [ ' HTTP_ACCEPT ' ] , ' text / html ' ) === false ) { exit ; } ?>
This check is a little safer than the previous , but its big downside is that it does n’t work in IE .
Why does this happen ?
The real problem is the way that URI resolution is performed in browsers .
This behavior is defined in RFC 3986 – Uniform Resource Identifiers .
When an empty string is encountered as a URI , it ’s considered a relative URI and is resolved according to the algorithm defined in section 5.2 .
This specific example , an empty string , is listed in section 5.4 .
Firefox , Safari , and Chrome are all resolving an empty string correctly per the specification , while Internet Explorer is resolving it incorrectly , apparently in line with an earlier version of the specification , RFC 2396 – Uniform Resource Identifiers ( this was obsoleted by RFC 3986 ) .
So technically , the browsers are doing what they ’re supposed to do to resolve relative URIs .
The problem is that in this context , the empty string is clearly unintentional .
It ’s time to fix this
This is a serious flaw in browsers , and I ’m not sure you can look at it in any way where it ’s not considered a bug .
The inconsistent behavior , from Opera completely ignoring all invalid external references , to IE falling victim only for < img > tags while others do the same for < script > and < link > as well , seem to indicate a bug in browsers .
Though browsers seem to be following correct URI resolution ( except IE ) , I think this is a case where common sense must win over the letter of the specification .
There is no way that an image can possibly render an HTML page , and the same goes for < script > and < link > .
This bug has cost web developers hundreds of lost hours and has potentially brought down sites , pushing servers over capacity .
Enough is enough .
It ’s time for the browser vendors to fix this bug .
I ’ve taken the liberty of filing or locating bugs :
Please show support for fixing these bugs , as I do n’t see any reason why we should still be dealing with this browser behavior .
And if anyone can get the note to Microsoft so they can address IE , we ’d all greatly appreciate it .
HTML5 to the rescue
HTML5 adds to the description of the < img > tag ’s src attribute to instruct browsers not to make an additional request in section 4.8.2 :
The src attribute must be present , and must contain a valid URL referencing a non-interactive , optionally animated , image resource that is neither paged nor scripted .
If the base URI of the element is the same as the document ’s address , then the src attribute ’s value must not be the empty string .
Hopefully , browsers wo n’t have this problem in the future .
Unfortunately , there is no such clause for < script src= " " > and < link href= " " > .
Maybe there ’s still time to make that adjustment to ensure browsers do n’t accidentally implement this behavior .
From a National Oceanography Centre , Southampton ( NOCS ) press release
Measuring carbon dioxide over the ocean
Reliable measurements of the air - sea flux of carbon dioxide – an important greenhouse gas – are needed for a better understanding of the impact of ocean - atmosphere interactions on climate .
A new method developed by researchers at the National Oceanography Centre , Southampton ( NOCS ) working in collaboration with colleagues at the Bjerknes Center for Climate Research ( Bergen , Norway ) promises to make this task considerably easier .
Infrared gas sensors measure carbon dioxide based on its characteristic absorption spectra and are used to evaluate the air - sea flux of the gas¬¬ .
So - called closed - path sensors precondition air before measurements are made , while open - path sensors can be used to measure the air in situ .
One advantage of using open - path sensors at sea is that wind measurements can be taken contemporaneously in the same place .
Moreover , because they are small and do n’t use much power they can be used on buoys .
“ Open - path sensors have the potential greatly to increase our understanding of the variability of air - sea carbon dioxide fluxes , ” said John Prytherch of NOCS .
However , a long - standing concern has been that the values from open - path sensors do not tally with those from closed - path sensors , or with measurements made using other techniques .
“ Other scientists have been sceptical about the reliability of carbon dioxide flux measurements taken at sea using open - path sensors , ” says Prytherch : “ However , we now believe that we understand the reason for the discrepancy and that we can correct for it . ”
The problem turns out to be that the sensors are sensitive to humidity , meaning that fluctuations in the amount of water vapour in the sample air skew the carbon dioxide measurements .
This is probably caused by salt particles on the sensor lens that absorb water .
Having identified the problem , Prytherch and his colleagues developed and rigorously tested a novel method for correcting the data for the cross-sensitivity to humidity .
Data were collected aboard the Norwegian weather ship Polarfront , equipped with a battery of instruments to measure wind speed , humidity and carbon dioxide .
Even the motion of the ship was monitored .
The researchers noted that carbon dioxide fluxes calculated from open - path sensor data were clearly too high and affected by humidity .
They were also very variable , suggesting that the effect is caused by salt on the optics , which accumulate before being washed off by rain .
Indeed , the researchers were able to mimic this effect in the laboratory .
However , after correction using their newly developed method , the calculated carbon dioxide fluxes were in line with previous studies that used different sensors or techniques .
“ This robust method opens the way for widespread use of open - path sensors for air - sea carbon dioxide flux estimation , ” said Dr Margaret Yelland of NOCS : “ This will greatly increase the information available on the transfer of carbon dioxide between the air and sea – information crucial for understanding how the interaction between the oceans and the atmosphere impacts climate . ”
The work was supported by the United Kingdom ’s Natural Environment Research Council and is part of the UK SOLAS project HiWASE ( High Wind Air - Sea Exchanges ) .
The researchers are John Prytherch , Margaret Yelland , Robin Pascal and Bengamin Moat ( NOCS ) , and Ingunn Skjelvan and Craig Neill ( Bjerknes Center for Climate Research , Bergen , Norway ) .
Prytherch , J. , et al .
Direct Measurements of the CO2 flux over the ocean : development of a novel method .
Geophys .
Res. Lett. ( published on - line , 2010 ) doi:10.1029/2009GL041482 .
www.agu.org/journals/pip/gl/2009GL041482-pip.pdf
www.noc.soton.ac.uk/ooc/CRUISES/HiWASE/
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The past few hours have seen a flurry of activity around Google ’s forthcoming Nexus One phone ( see here and here ) .
The latest news , courtesy of Gizmodo , is that leaked documents supposedly place the handset at a price of $ 529.99 unlocked and $ 179.99 if you sign up to a T - Mobile contract .
It appears Google will also be dispatching the handset internationally ( if you ’re prepared to pay the import tax you ’re likely to incur ) .
The question is , will anyone outside the USA care ?
As MG Siegler at TechCrunch notes , Google selling an unlocked phone directly is important as it awakens Americans to a whole new world of buying your phone and your mobile phone service separately .
Unlocked handsets are pretty common in Europe .
Walk down a Spanish highstreet and you ’re likely to see more unlocked phones for sale than subsidised ones .
In the UK , where you can pick up most phones for free if you sign up for an 18 - month or two year contract , unlocked phones are n’t so common but there ’s a general awareness that they ’re an option ( albeit an expensive one ) .
Meanwhile , the American mobile market is pretty under - developed compared to many other parts of the world .
Until the iPhone came along in 2007 smartphones were n’t mainstream devices – most Americans carried rather dull handsets like the Motorola Razr around with them .
While unlocked , unsubsidised phones are available if you know where to look most consumers do n’t appear to be aware that they ’re an option .
Americans may suddenly see the their mobile contracts in a whole new light thanks to Google .
They may realise that they do n’t have to bend over and take whatever the networks throw at them .
We may see the American mobile market mature as a result .
Europeans , on the other hand , are likely to say “ Meh ” and move on .
Sure , the really keen ones might shell out to have Google send a Nexus One over but with unlocked handsets already a firm part of the continent ’s mobile market , most Europeans will probably just wonder what all the fuss is about .
Read next : Nokia , I think I just changed my mind !
Similarly , if a sense of entrepreneurship means having confidence in the talents of American business leaders , that did n’t happen in the 1980s , when all the business books seemed to have samurai warriors on their covers .
Like productivity , American business prestige did n’t stage a comeback until the mid-1990s , when the U.S. began to reassert its technological and economic leadership .
I understand why conservatives want to rewrite history and pretend that these good things happened while a Republican was in office  or claim , implausibly , that the 1981 Reagan tax cut somehow deserves credit for positive economic developments that did n’t happen until 14 or more years had passed .
( Does Richard Nixon get credit for “ Morning in America ” ? )
But why would a self - proclaimed progressive say anything that lends credibility to this rewriting of history  particularly right now , when Reaganomics has just failed all over again ?
Like Ronald Reagan , President Bush began his term in office with big tax cuts for the rich and promises that the benefits would trickle down to the middle class .
Like Reagan , he also began his term with an economic slump , then claimed that the recovery from that slump proved the success of his policies .
And like Reaganomics  but more quickly  Bushonomics has ended in grief .
The public mood today is as grim as it was in 1992 .
Wages are lagging behind inflation .
Employment growth in the Bush years has been pathetic compared with job creation in the Clinton era .
Even if we do n’t have a formal recession  and the odds now are that we will  the optimism of the 1990s has evaporated .
This is , in short , a time when progressives ought to be driving home the idea that the right ’s ideas do n’t work , and never have .
Perl 5.11.3 now available
From : Jesse Vincent
Date : December 20 , 2009 20:51
Subject : Perl 5.11.3 now available
Message ID : 20091221045116.GA22582@bestpractical.com
December 20 , 2009 20:51 Perl 5.11.3 now available
" Say -- I 'm going in a swimming , I am .
Do n't you wish you could ?
But of course you 'd druther work — would n't you ?
Course you would ! "
Tom contemplated the boy a bit , and said : " What do you call work ? "
" Why ain't that work ? "
Tom resumed his whitewashing , and answered carelessly : " Well , maybe it is , and maybe it aint .
All I know , is , it suits Tom Sawyer . "
" Oh come , now , you do n't mean to let on that you like it ? "
The brush continued to move .
" Like it ?
Well I do n't see why I ought n't to like it .
Does a boy get a chance to whitewash a fence every day ? "
That put the thing in a new light .
Ben stopped nibbling his apple .
Tom swept his brush daintily back and forth — stepped back to note the effect -- added a touch here and there - criticised the effect again --
Ben watching every move and getting more and more interested , more and more absorbed .
Presently he said : " Say , Tom , let me whitewash a little . " -- Mark Twain , / The Adventures of Tom Sawyer /
It gives me great pleasure to announce the release of Perl 5.11.3 .
This is the fourth DEVELOPMENT release in the 5.11.x series leading to a stable release of Perl 5.12.0 .
You can find a list of high - profile changes in this release in the file " perl5113delta.pod " inside the distribution .
Perl 5.11.3 is , hopefully , the last release of Perl 5.11.x before code freeze for Perl 5.12.0 .
At that point , we will only make changes which fix regressions from previous released versions of Perl or which resolve issues we believe would make a stable release of Perl 5.12.0 inadvisable .
You can ( or will shortly be able to ) download the 5.11.3 release from : http://search.cpan.org/~jesse/perl-5.11.3/
The release 's SHA1 signatures are : MD5 : 0051020f8ae2a89c9d624e01ed56b02c perl-5.11.3.tar.bz2 SHA1 : 7fe87005437002f0b515d983429d0bfba36398ac perl-5.11.3.tar.bz2 [ IMPORTANT : Due to an entirely preventable error on my part , a corrupted , truncated perl - 5.11.3.tar.gz entered the PAUSE .
Until its deletion propagates through CPAN , please be sure you 're getting perl - 5.11.3.tar.bz2 , not perl - 5.11.3.tar.gz .
Sorry about that !]
This release corresponds to commit 9c3f2640bc in Perl 's git repository .
It is tagged as ' v5.11.3 ' .
We welcome your feedback on this release .
If you discover issues with Perl 5.11.3 , please use the ' perlbug ' tool included in this distribution to report them .
If Perl 5.11.3 works well for you , please use the ' perlthanks ' tool included with this distribution to tell the all - volunteer development team how much you appreciate their work .
If you write software in Perl , it is particularly important that you test your software against development releases .
While we strive to maintain source compatibility with prior stable versions of Perl wherever possible , it is always possible that a well - intentioned change can have unexpected consequences .
If you spot a change in a development version which breaks your code , it 's much more likely that we will be able to fix it before the next stable release .
If you only test your code against stable releases of Perl , it may not be possible to undo a backwards - incompatible change which breaks your code .
Perl 5.11.3 represents approximately one month of development since Perl 5.11.2 and contains 61407 lines of changes across 396 files from 40 authors and committers : Abigail , Alex Davies , Alexandr Ciornii , Andrew Rodland , Andy Dougherty , Bram , brian d foy , Chip Salzenberg , Chris Williams , Craig A. Berry , Daniel Frederick Crisman , David Golden , Dennis Kaarsemaker , Eric Brine , Father Chrysostomos , Gene Sullivan , Gerard Goossen , H. Merijn Brand , Hugo van der Sanden , Jan Dubois , Jerry D. Hedden , Jesse Vincent , Jim Cromie , Karl Williamson , Leon Brocard , Max Maischein , Michael Breen , Moritz Lenz , Nicholas Clark , Rafael Garcia - Suarez , Reini Urban , Ricardo Signes , Stepan Kasal , Steve Hay , Steve Peters , Tim Bunce , Tony Cook , Vincent Pit and Zefram .
Many of the changes included in this version originated in the CPAN modules included in Perl 's core .
We 're grateful to the entire CPAN community for helping Perl to flourish .
Notable changes in this release : * Perl is shipped with Unicode version 5.2 , itself released in October 2009 .
* Perl can now handle every Unicode character property .
*
The experimental ' legacy ' pragma , introduced with Perl 5.11.2 has been removed .
Its functionality has been replaced with the ' feature ' pragma .
* Numerous CPAN " toolchain " modules have been updated to what we hope are the final release versions for Perl 5.12.0 .
* Many crashing bugs or regressions from earlier releases of Perl were fixed for this release .
Development versions of Perl are released monthly on or about the 20th of the month by a monthly " release manager " .
You can expect following upcoming releases : January 20 - Ricardo Signes February 20 - Steve Hay March 20 - Ask Bjørn Hansen Best , Jesse Vincent
Perl 5.11.3 now available by Jesse Vincent
Last time I wrote code with psycopg2 was around 2006 , but I was reacquainted with it over the past couple of weeks , and I wanted to make some notes on a couple of features that are not well documented , imho .
Portions of this post have been snipped from mailing list threads I was involved in .
Calling PostgreSQL
Functions with psycopg2
So you need to call a function .
Me too .
I had to call a function called ‘ myapp.new_user ’ .
It expects a bunch of input arguments .
Here ’s my first shot after misreading some piece of some example code somewhere :
qdict = {' fname ' : self .
fname , ' lname ' : self.lname , ' dob ' : self.dob , ' city ' : self.city , ' state ' : self.state , ' zip ' : self .
zipcode} sqlcall = " " " SELECT * FROM myapp.new_user ( %( fname )s , %( lname )s , %( dob ) s , %( city ) s , %( state )s , % ( zip ) s " " " % qdict curs.execute( sqlcall )
There ’s no reason this should work , or that anyone should expect it to work .
I just wanted to include it in case someone else made the same mistake .
Sure , the proper arguments are put in their proper places in ‘ sqlcall ’ , but they ’re not quoted at all .
Of course , I foolishly tried going back and putting quotes around all of those named string formatting arguments , and of course that fails when you have something like a quoted “ NULL ” trying to move into a date column .
It has other issues too , like being error - prone and a PITA , but hey , it was pre-coffee time .
What ’s needed is a solution whereby psycopg2 takes care of the formatting for us , so that strings become strings , NULLs are passed in a way that PostgreSQL recognizes them , dates are passed in the proper format , and all that jazz .
My next attempt looked like this :
curs.execute ( " " " SELECT * FROM myapp.new_user ( %( fname )s , %( lname )s , %( dob ) s , %( city ) s , %( state )s , % ( zip ) s " " " , qdict )
This is , according to some articles , blog posts , and at least one reply on the psycopg mailing list “ the right way ” to call a function using psycopg2 with PostgreSQL .
I ’m here to tell you that this is not correct to the best of my knowledge .
The only real difference between this attempt and the last is I ’ve replaced the “ % ” with a comma , which turns what * was * a string formatting operation into a proper SELECT with a psycopg2 - recognized parameter list .
I thought this would get psycopg2 to “ just work ” , but no such luck .
I still had some quoting issues .
I have no idea where I read this little tidbit about psycopg2 being able to convert between Python and PostgreSQL data types , but I did .
Right around the same time I was thinking “ it ’s goofy to issue a SELECT to call a function that does n’t really want to SELECT anything .
Can’t callproc ( ) do this ? ”
Turns out callproc( ) is really the right way to do this ( where “ right ” is defined by the DB - API which is the spec for writing a Python database module ) .
Also turns out that psycopg2 can and will do the type conversions .
Properly , even ( in my experience so far ) .
So here ’s what I got to work :
callproc_params = [ self.fname , self.lname , self.dob , self.city , self.state , self.zipcode ] curs.callproc('myapp.new_user ' , callproc_params )
This is great !
Zero manual quoting or string formatting at all !
And no “ SELECT ” .
Just call the procedure and pass the parameters .
The only thing I had to change in my code was to make my ‘ self.dob ’ into a datetime.date ( ) object , but that ’s super easy , and after that psycopg2 takes care of the type conversion from a Python date to a PostgreSQL date .
Tomorrow I ’m actually going to try calling callproc ( ) with a list object inside the second argument .
Wish me luck !
A quick cursor gotcha
I made a really goofy mistake .
At the root of it , what I did was share a connection * and a cursor object * among all methods of a class I created to abstract database operations out of my code .
So , I did something like this ( this is not the exact code , and it ’s untested .
Treat it like pseudocode ) :
class MyData ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , dsn ) : self.conn = psycopg2.Connection(dsn ) self.cursor = self.conn.cursor ( ) def get_users_by_regdate( self , regdate , limit ) : self.cursor.arraysize = limit self.cursor.callproc('myapp.uid_by_regdate ' , regdate ) while True : result = self.cursor.fetchmany ( ) if not result : break yield result def user_is_subscribed ( self , uid ) : self.cursor.callproc('myapp.uid_subscribed ' , uid ) result = self.cursor.fetchone( ) val = result [ 0 ] return val
Now , in the code that uses this class , I want to grab all of the users registered on a given date , and see if they ’re subscribed to , say , a mailing list , an RSS feed , a service , or whatever .
See if you can predict the issue I had when I executed this :
db = MyData( dsn ) for id in db.get_users_by_regdate([ joindate ] ) : idcount += 1 print idcount param = [ id ] if db.user_is_subscribed ( param ) : print " User subscribed " skip_count += 1 continue else : print " Not good " continue
Note that the above is test code .
I do n’t actually want to continue to the top of the loop regardless of what happens in production 🙂
So what I found happening is that , if I just commented out the portion of the code that makes a database call * inside * the for loop , I could print ‘ idcount ’ all the way up to thousands of results ( however many results there were ) .
But if I left it in , only 100 results made it to ‘ db.user_is_subscribed ’.
Hey , ‘ 100 ’ is what I ’d set the curs.arraysize ( ) to !
Hey , I ’m using the * same cursor* to make both calls !
And with the for loop , the cursor is being called upon to produce one recordset while it ’s still trying to produce the first recordset !
Tom Roberts , on the psycopg list , states the issue concisely :
The cursor is stateful ; it only contains information about the last
query that was executed .
On your first call to “ fetchmany ” , you fetch a
block of results from the original query , and cache them .
Then ,
db.user_is_subscribed calls “ execute ” again .
The cursor now throws away all
of the information about your first query , and fetches a new set of
results .
Presumably , user_is_subscribed then consumes that dataset and
returns .
Now , the cursor is position at end of results .
The rows you
cached get returned by your iterator , then you call fetchmany again , but
there ’s nothing left to fetch …
… So , the lesson is if you need a new recordset , you create a new cursor .
Lesson learned .
I still think it ’d be nice if psycopg2 had more / better docs , though .
In fact , there is strong evidence that Count Moltke was in contact with the July 20 conspirators .
Andreas Hermes , one of the few ringleaders who were not executed , told The New York Times in July 1945 that he “ vividly ” recalled Count Moltke ’s participation .
Women who joined their husbands to oppose Hitler treaded the same dangerous ground as the men .
Mrs. Moltke could have faced the death penalty simply for serving food and drinks to the conspirators .
Her husband relied on her first impressions of people to make life - and - death judgments .
She contributed ideas , particularly on legal issues , her area of expertise .
In an enduring contribution , she gathered up Kreisau circle documents and letters from her husband and hid them in the estate ’s beehives .
In 1990 she published them as “ Letters to Freya . ”
The papers have proved valuable to scholars for their gripping portrayal of heroic , almost certainly futile resistance , as well as for their glimpses at daily life in the Third Reich .
In her later years , when the German government and others came to recognize her contributions , Mrs. Moltke expressed gratitude on behalf of other resistance widows as well .
“ We were all wives of our husbands , ” she said .
Mrs. Moltke ’s son said in an interview that the only surviving wife of a Kreisau circle member is Clarita von Trott , whose husband , Adam , played a central part in the July 20 plot and was executed in 1944 .
Freya Deichmann , whose father was a banker , was born in Cologne on March 29 , 1911 .
She attended idealistic work camps that brought young people of all classes together to share ideas and dreams .
At 18 , while on a vacation to Austria ’s lake district , she met Count Moltke .
They married two years later , in 1931 .
He studied in Germany and Britain to become an international lawyer .
In 1939 , he was drafted to work in military intelligence .
His boss , Adm . Wilhelm Canaris , a covert foe of Hitler , encouraged him to use his legal and political expertise to save Jews and curb German atrocities .
On trips abroad , he met with Allied officials to discuss a possible coup .
WELCOME to the H.P. LOVECRAFT LITERARY PODCAST
Visit us on Patreon
The H.P. Lovecraft Literary Podcast has been creating podcasts and audio productions since 2009 !
Each week , hosts Chad Fifer and Chris Lackey discuss a piece of weird fiction .
Talented voice actors bring the text to life .
Music and sound effects create atmosphere while occasional guest experts show up to make things classy .
Our 120 initial shows on the works of H.P. Lovecraft are all FREE , and we continue to produce one free show at the top of every month .
See the full list of episodes here !
You can hear the three remaining shows as well as two bonus monthly shows by subscribing on PATREON !
You can use the search bar on the upper right to find shows by title , author or episode number .
It ’s fun and a little creepy .
Wo n’t you join us ?
The horrid truth is you already have !
That the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals would even need to hear oral arguments in the case of Miller , et al. v. Skumanick last week is a pretty good indication that law enforcement officials in Wyoming County , Pennsylvania have lost their collective minds .
At issue in the case : Whether the U.S. Constitution permits prosecutors to charge minors who pose for nude or risque photos with child pornography .
You read that correctly .
In order to protect children from predators and child pornographers , the local district attorney is threatening to prosecute minors who pose for racy photos as if they were child pornographers .
Even within the context of the already hysterical overreaction to the " sexting " phenomenon , the facts in Miller are jaw - dropping .
Of the three girls bringing suit , two were photographed at a slumber party wearing training bras .
The third photographed herself baring her breasts , then sent the photo to a boy she 'd hoped to make jealous .
The girls are n't in trouble for distributing the photos , or even for taking them .
They 've been introduced to the criminal justice system merely for appearing in them .
Wyoming County District Attorney George Skumanick , Jr. gave the girls a choice .
The first option was to face felony child pornography charges , punishable by up to 10 years in prison .
The second was to attend a series of Skumanick - chosen classes , which according to the Pennsylvania ACLU included topics such as " what it means to be a girl in today 's society " and " non-traditional societal and job roles . "
The girls would also be put on probation , subject to random drug tests , and would have to write essays explaining why appearing in photos while wearing their bras is wrong .
Skumanick would later tell a gathering of students and parents that he had the authority to prosecute girls photographed on the beach in bikinis , because the minors would be dressed " provocatively . "
He told the Wall Street Journal that by offering the girls the classes and probation instead of immediately hitting them with felony charges , " We thought we were being progressive . "
Of the 19 minors Skumanick targeted , 16 chose the classes .
The other three took Skumanick to court , where they won a restraining order .
Skumanick appealed .
To the credit of the people of Wyoming County , after 20 years in office Skumanick lost his bid for reelection last November .
But his office continues to fight .
But this is n't just an isolated case of a renegade D.A .
There have now been several cases across the country where young people who either pose for , snap , or forward provocative or nude photos of other minors are being charged or threatened with felony child pornography .
In 2007 , a state appeals court in Florida upheld charges of " directing or promoting a photograph featuring the sexual conduct of a child " and possession of child pornography charges against a 17 - year - old boy and a 16 - year - old girl for forwarding explicit photos of themselves having sex from her computer to his email address .
The sex was n't illegal .
But the photos were .
Incredibly , Judge James
Wolf wrote in the majority opinion that " Mere production of these videos or pictures may … result in psychological trauma to the teenagers involved .
Further , if these pictures are ultimately released , future damage may be done to these minors ' careers or personal lives . "
The message to minors :
These photos can ruin your lives , kids .
And just to prove it , we 're going to ruin your lives .
These cases are the natural culmination of two trends .
The first is the continuing view among politicians that there 's no punishment too severe for sex offenders .
Moreover , to show how serious we are about sex offenders , we should broaden the class of people we classify under the label .
And there need n't be any actual victims .
In 2006 , Karen Fletcher , also of Pennsylvania , was convicted in federal court for writing fictional stories ( and granted , they were disturbing stories ) about sexual and violent crimes against children .
Until it was struck down by the Supreme Court in 2002 , the 1996 Child Online Protection
Act criminalized images of adults made to look like minors , as well as digitally manufactured photos of minors who do n't actually exist .
The second trend is the " for the children " excuse that no law ought to be questioned if its intent is to protect young people .
The resulting paternalism is built in .
Put these together , and you get the intellectually vacant policy of prosecuting children for sexually exploiting themselves … in order to protect them from the people who might exploit them .
It is n't exactly clear from what or whom the authorities are protecting these teens .
To my knowledge , there has n't been a single case of a predator who tracked down , then raped , killed , or otherwise physically harmed a minor after viewing explicit photos of the child on the Internet or via images forwarded by cell phone .
Perhaps it has happened .
But given the media obsession with these stories , if it 's happened with any frequency at all , we would have probably heard about it by now .
The harm here seems to be the possibility that somewhere , someone other than the intended recipient of these photos may be masturbating to them .
That 's an uncomfortable thought , sure .
But it 's difficult to see how that presents tangible harm to the minors in the photos , certainly not to the point where the minors themselves ought to be prosecuted .
Anyone turned on by the photos in Skumanick 's case could just as easily placate themselves with an old Sears catalogue — and with no resulting damage to the models who posed in it .
But the idea that an otherwise innocuous image can mutate into illegal child porn based on how it might be used by pedophiles is gaining currency .
In 2006 , Alabama photographer Jeff Pierson was indicted on federal child porn charges for a website he ran featuring aspiring teen models .
None of the models were nude , nor were any depicted engaged in any sexual activity .
All of the models ' parents signed off on the photos .
But federal prosecutors argued the models struck " illegally provocative , " " lascivious , " and " coy " poses that could entice pedophiles .
In 2002 , Republican Rep. Mark Foley of Florida ( yes , that Mark Foley ) introduced the Child Modeling Exploitation Prevention Act , which would have prohibited the sale of any photo of a minor .
It failed , but crazy as Foley 's bill sounds , it at least would have cleared up the ambiguity .
As the website CNET reported in a story about Pierson , federal courts have made the definition of child porn so subjective , " judges and juries [ are ] faced with the difficult task of making distinctions between lawful and unlawful camera angles and facial expressions . "
When applied to " sexting " cases , that also leaves prosecutors like Skumanick far too much leeway — enough , for example , for him to believe he can prosecute a girl photographed in a bikini because he finds the photo uncomfortably " provocative . "
But even when " sexted " photos are unquestionably explicit , there 's no justification for criminal charges .
Even the deterrent argument falls flat .
Despite these high - profile cases , threats of prosecution , and public service announcements on MTV , surveys suggest that about 20 - 25 percent of young people college - aged and younger have taken or sent sent explicit photos of themselves .
That number is rising , not falling .
The root disconnect , here , is that the law treats pre-pubescent sex crimes on par with crimes related to teenagers who are sexually mature .
Fact is , teenagers become sexually mature years before it 's socially or legally permissible to think about them that way .
That they 're then having sex is nothing new .
Nor is the fact that teens make rash , emotional , spur - of - the - moment decisions .
What 's new is that they 're able to document it all in ways that can quickly escape their control .
What they need after the fact are responsible adults who can walk them through a poor decision , appropriately reprimand or punish them if necessary , but all while keeping things in perspective , and minimizing the long - term consequences for the teen .
Dumping the kid into the criminal justice system has all the subtlety and precision of dropping an anvil on the problem from 40 stories above .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
Webhosting Telekom kauft Freenet - Tochter Strato
Freenet verkauft seinen Internetdienstleister Strato an die Deutsche Telekom .
Stimmen die Kartellbehörden zu , wird die Telekom damit zum zweitgrößten Anbieter von Speicherplatz und Websites für Privatkunden und kleinere Unternehmen in Deutschland .
( CNN ) -- Golfer Tiger Woods apologized Wednesday for " transgressions " that let his family down -- the same day a gossip magazine published a report alleging he had an affair .
" I have let my family down and I regret those transgressions with all of my heart .
I have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves , " he said in a statement on his official Web site .
Woods did not admit to an affair and offered no details about the " transgressions " in his statement .
" I am not without faults and I am far short of perfect .
I am dealing with my behavior and personal failings behind closed doors with my family .
Those feelings should be shared by us alone . "
Read Woods ' statement
US Weekly magazine printed a report Wednesday alleging that Woods had an affair with Jaimee Grubbs , whom it identified as a 24 - year - old cocktail waitress .
The magazine also published what it says is a voice mail message from Woods to Grubbs .
" Hey , it 's Tiger , " a man says in the recording .
" I need you to do me a huge favor .
Can you please take your name off your phone ?
My wife went through my phone and may be calling you .
" So if you can , please take your name off that .
...
What do you call it ?
Just have it as a number on the voice mail .
Just have it as your telephone number .
That 's it , OK ?
You got to do this for me .
Huge .
Quickly .
All right .
Bye . "
CNN could not independently confirm that the voice on the recording was Woods .
Attention has been focused on Woods since he crashed his SUV outside his Florida home last week .
Investigators say he crashed the vehicle into a fire hydrant and tree .
Woods was not required to talk to police about the wreck , and declined to talk with investigators on several occasions .
What do you think about the whole Tiger saga ?
Woods ' attorney , Mark Nejame , declined to comment on reports of an affair Tuesday night , saying he was hired to represent Woods in the traffic case .
The Florida Highway Patrol said Tuesday that it cited Woods for careless driving -- the golfer paid a $ 164 fine -- and closed its investigation .
The golfer said Wednesday that he was " dismayed to realize the full extent of what tabloid scrutiny really means " for him , his wife , model Elin Nordegren , and their children -- a 2 - year old daughter , Sam , and a 9 - month old son , Charlie .
" For the last week , my family and I have been hounded to expose intimate details of our personal lives .
The stories in particular that physical violence played any role in the car accident were utterly false and malicious .
Elin has always done more to support our family and shown more grace than anyone could possibly expect . "
The 33 - year - old golf phenomenon has won the Masters tournament and the PGA tournament each four times , as well as three U.S. Open titles .
Grubbs is the second woman to be romantically linked to Woods through news reports this week .
The National Enquirer reported a few days before Woods ' crash that the golfer was having an affair with a New York nightclub hostess -- an assertion the hostess vigorously denied Tuesday , according to The New York Post .
The woman said a disgruntled acquaintance sold the story to the supermarket tabloid and that " not a word of it is true . "
See what people are saying
George Merlis , president of Experience Media Consulting Group in Los Angeles , California , said Woods should have said more after last week 's accident .
" I think he needed to get out in front of the story very early on , because if you do n't get out in front of something like this , you give free rein to speculation , " he said .
Asked whether the allegations might scare off Woods ' sponsors , Merlis said , " If I were a businessman contemplating doing a really expensive endorsement deal with him , I would think twice . "
Nike , Gatorade , Gillette and other sponsors said Wednesday they would continue their relationships with Woods .
CNN Radio's Matt Cherry contributed to this report .
Appendicitis may be triggered by a viral infection
A viral infection could explain why appendicitis appears more common in certain years and during the summer .
( Posed by model )
A flu - like virus could be the hidden cause of appendicitis , scientists claim .
Although one in ten of us will experience the condition - in which the appendix becomes dangerously inflamed - doctors have always been baffled by what triggers it .
A viral cause would fit in with another of the researchers ' findings - that appendicitis appears to be more common in certain years and during the summer .
The illness occurs when the appendix , a worm - like cul - de- sac connected to the colon on the right side of the body , becomes inflamed .
A perforated appendix that has swollen and burst is life - threatening because the abdomen is filled with infected material .
In fact , appendicitis is the most common reason for emergency surgery .
In the latest study , researchers examined American hospital admissions for appendicitis , influenza and gastric viral infections over 36 years .
Their analysis showed appendicitis peaked in the years 1977 , 1981 , 1984 , 1987 , 1994 and 1998 .
That clustering pattern suggested outbreaks were typical of viral infections .
Seasonal trends were also uncovered , showing a slight increase in the number of appendicitis cases over the summer months .
' The peaks and valleys of appendicitis cases generally matched up over time , ' said Dr Edward Livingston , from the University of Texas who led the study .
However the scientists ruled out any connection with flu and other common infections , as well as several types of intestinal viruses .
' Though appendicitis is fairly common , it still remains a frustrating medical mystery , ' Dr Livingston said .
Other evidence suggested that appendicitis did not always warrant immediate surgery .
The researchers looked at cases of sailors at sea without access to medical facilities and children who could not safely have surgery .
In many instances , their nonperforated appendicitis simply resolved itself .
' Just as the traditional appendix scar across the abdomen is fast becoming history , thanks to new single - incision surgery techniques , so too may the conventional wisdom that patients with appendicitis need to be operated on as soon as they enter the hospital , ' Dr Livingston said .
' Patients still need to be seen quickly by a physician , but emergency surgery is now in question . '
Appendicitis was first described as a medical condition in 1886 but debate remains today about its causes and treatment .
Everything from undigested food to high pollution levels has been put forward as a possible cause .
Although the appendix appears to serve no useful purpose , Charles Darwin suggested our ancient human ancestors needed it to digest tough vegetable material such as tree bark .
Je reviens rapidement sur le logo de l’Hadopi .
Certains d’entre vous expliquent dans les commentaires de la news précédente qu’ils ne s’agit pas de la même typo .
Du coup dans le doute , avec Geoffrey , on a chopé un document officiel de France Telecom en PDF , histoire d’extraire la typo à l’intérieur de voir si celle - ci se superpose bien avec le logo de l’Hadopi .
On a pris les lettres utilisée dans les pieds de page du document .
La police exacte utilisée est donc bien une police Bienvenue en semi- bold ( sauf peut être pour le O rouge qui est du bold ) et que cette police est la propriété exclusive de France Telecom et ne sera jamais rendue publique .
Le D est un P retourné et on a collé sur ces 2 lettres des barres pour y former un carré .
Donc je confirme bien que c’est un piratage de la police de France Telecom .
D’ailleurs , comme il s’agit d’une typo exclusive , il est inconcevable que FT l’ai vendu ou cédé à quelqu ’un ou une autre société .
Voici donc un petit gif animé sur lequel on a superposé les lettres extraites du document avec le logo Hadopi … ( fait à l’arrache !!)
Je crois que ça parle de lui-même .
Bon , on n’a pas trouvé la typo en TTF ( car de toute façon elle n’a jamais été rendue publique ) donc on a fait avec les moyens du bord mais si le coeur vous en dit , vous pouvez retenter l’expérience chez vous 🙂
Belle démonstration de la protection des droits 🙂
A senior Liberal has questioned whether a childless Julia Gillard can understand the way ordinary Australians think about their children having sex before marriage .
George Brandis suggested Ms Gillard was not qualified to comment on federal Opposition Leader Tony Abbott 's controversial views about pre-marital sex given she does not have children .
" I think that any parent I can imagine would agree with Tony Abbott , " he told ABC radio .
The opposition leader has stirred up a hornet 's nest with his views on sex before marriage , advising his daughters not to " give ( their virginity ) to someone lightly " .
While he acknowledges many people lose their virginity before their wedding day , Mr Abbott told The Australian Women 's Weekly that if one of his three daughters were to put the question to him , he would tell them it was " the greatest gift that you can give someone " .
“ This notion of ‘ we ’re getting old ; it ’s bound to happen ’ does n’t make any sense to me , ” Bellizzi says .
“ I do n’t think I ’m so far out on the edge here that I ’m gambling with my life .
What I do know is I feel better . ”
Image John Bellizi injects himself with with a hormone to forestall the aging process .
Credit ... Henry Leutwyler for The New York Times
It may be tempting to dismiss Bellizzi as a soccer fanatic afraid to age gracefully or to accuse Comite of squandering her talent by catering to affluent , youth - clinging patients .
Nonetheless , their medical partnership could have broad , perhaps profound , implications .
At root , this is a tale of empowerment , of humankind ’s primordial urge to exert control over the aging process .
That raises intriguing questions .
What constitutes responsible cutting - edge science as opposed to a reckless pushing of the envelope ?
Where is the line separating a vanity fix from a genuine quality - of - life improvement ?
Imagine that a miracle drug is discovered that guarantees vigor far beyond retirement age , but shortens your life by , say , four years .
Is it worth the trade - off ?
The human body is a symphonic masterpiece of flesh and blood , but it wears out like any clanking machine on the factory floor .
The ruthless tick , tick , tick of time strips gears , nibbles at bushings .
On a submicroscopic level , damage is done by free radicals , unstable atoms that have a toxic effect on cell membranes and DNA .
In addition , telomeres , the protective tips on chromosomes , fray from the stress of continual regeneration , much as serial photocopies of an image lose their crispness .
Some antiaging proponents make seductive promises about prolonging longevity .
Comite steers clear of that camp .
Her interest lies in extending the length of “ health span , ” as opposed to life span .
Does the body have to slide inexorably downhill after 40 ?
She says she is convinced that metabolism modulation can help stave off stroke , heart disease and diabetes ; can flatten the trajectory of corporeal decline .
Ideally , age - management - medicine patients will keep humming along nicely , then crash like a spent computer .
As Comite puts it , “ Can we maintain optimal health until one day when we just do n’t wake up ? ”
Tantalizing though it is , Comite ’s question is just philosophical conjecture .
But the first hint that such a situation might be achievable came in a study that appeared in the July 5 , 1990 , issue of The New England Journal of Medicine .
Dr. Daniel Rudman wanted to test the prevailing notion that older people lose muscle and gain fat because they produce less growth hormone .
Twelve men , ages 61 to 81 , were given small doses of synthetic human - growth hormone three times a week .
After six months they showed a 9 percent increase in lean - muscle mass , a 14 percent decline in fat and a modest improvement in bone density .
“ The overall deterioration of the body that comes with growing old is not inevitable , ” Rudman declared .
“ We now realize some aspects of it can be prevented or reversed . ”
Rudman , who has since died , reportedly came to regret his choice of words and the fact that so many overlooked that this was a small test - group participating in a short - term study ; it was not an experiment he intended to be conclusive .
Still , a kind of growth - hormone and anabolic - steroid gold rush ensued — witness the fact that today you can buy hormones from China online and consult how - to books like “ The Secrets of Mail Order Steroid Success . ”
Within two years of Rudman ’s study , the American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine was established .
It unabashedly presses the case for growth hormones , but there ’s room in the tent for low - level light therapy , whole - body vibration machines and assorted New Age nostrums .
The organization boasts of being “ the first scientific nonprofit medical society to forecast the deliverance of human life spans in excess of 100 years . ”
A Chicago - area doctor and amateur bodybuilder named Alan Mintz also took keen interest in Rudman ’s experiment .
Mintz was soon augmenting his gym workouts with testosterone and growth hormone .
He and his exercise partner , John Adams , owned a radiology - diagnostics company .
They sold the business in 1994 , pocketing millions .
Rather than retire and work full time on their pecs , they started Cenegenics Medical Institute , a boutique age - management center , and relocated to Las Vegas .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Computer pioneer Alan Kay is n’t known for buying into hype .
Credited with inventing the concept of the laptop back in 1968 , Kay has been lambasting computer makers for not maximizing its potential ever since .
One device , however , might get close to even Kay ’s high standards :
The tablet computer that Apple ( s AAPL ) is expected to unveil tomorrow .
Kay ’s interest in Apple ’s upcoming tablet is only natural .
His 1968 Dynabook is widely regarded as the conceptual basis of today ’s notebooks ; indeed , the first cardboard model of the machine featured a tablet - like form factor .
And he went on to become part of a small team of computer scientists at Xerox ( s XRX ) PARC in the 70s that invented much of our current computer technology , including the graphical user interface that Steve Jobs famously fell in love with during a visit to the facility .
I interviewed Kay late last year , and while he did n’t mention the tablet by name , he did share a story about the unveiling of the iPhone , to which Steve Jobs invited him in early 2007 :
“ When the Mac first came out , Newsweek asked me what I [ thought ] of it .
I said : Well , it ’s the first personal computer worth criticizing .
So at the end of the presentation , Steve came up to me and said :
Is the iPhone worth criticizing ?
And I said :
Make the screen five inches by eight inches , and you ’ll rule the world . ”
It ’s not just the screen size of Apple ’s upcoming tablet that will please Kay , but the fact that Apple is reportedly selling its tablet with a 3G data plan .
This fits right in with Kay ’s vision of using computer technology for education , a goal he ’s been championing ever since he came up with the idea of the Dynabook .
In fact , it ’s been the challenges faced by the One Laptop per Child project in particular , for which he ’s an adviser , that have solidified his believe that the PC industry needs to move away from just selling hardware and towards a service - based model that could be used to establish an educational infrastructure .
“ It ’s all about long - term , sustaining relationships , ” he told me , something that mobile phone companies have been practicing for years .
Apple ’s tablet could be the first major computing device aside from today ’s smartphones to move towards such a service - based model .
Kay still was n’t sure whether Apple would actually come out with a tablet when I talked to him late last year , noting that such a device could theoretically compete with the company ’s iPhone business .
But , he added : “ I bet a thousand dollars that they had a five - by - eight - inch version for the last couple years in house . ”
Post image courtesy of Flickr user jeanbaptisteparis .
A hand - reared baby White - handed Gibbon at the UK's Twycross Zoo , snuggles up to a stuffed animal before bed .
In the wild , these endangered gibbons suffer from widespread deforestation as well as poaching and capture for the pet trade .
Substituting cannabis in place of more harmful drugs may be a winning strategy in the fight against substance misuse .
Research published in BioMed Central ' open access Harm Reduction Journal features a poll of 350 cannabis users , finding that 40 % used cannabis to control their alcohol cravings , 66 % as a replacement for prescription drugs and 26 % for other , more potent , illegal drugs .
Amanda Reiman , from the University of California , Berkeley , USA , carried out the study at Berkeley Patient 's Group , a medical cannabis dispensary .
She said , " Substituting cannabis for alcohol has been described as a radical alcohol treatment protocol .
This approach could be used to address heavy alcohol use in the British Isles - people might substitute cannabis , a potentially safer drug than alcohol with less negative side - effects , if it were socially acceptable and available " .
Reiman found that 65 % of people reported using cannabis as a substitute because it has less adverse side effects than alcohol , illicit or prescription drugs , 34 % because it has less withdrawal potential and 57.4 % because cannabis provides better symptom management .
She said , " This brings up two important points .
First , self - determination , the right of an individual to decide which treatment or substance is most effective and least harmful for them .
Secondly , the recognition that substitution might be a viable alternative to abstinence for those who can't or wo n't completely stop using psychoactive substances " .
Speaking about legalization of cannabis , Reiman added , " The economic hardship of The Great Depression helped bring about the end of alcohol prohibition .
Now , as we are again faced with economic struggles , the US is looking to marijuana as a potential revenue generator .
Public support is rising for the legalization of recreational use and remains high for the use of marijuana as a medicine .
The hope is that this interest will translate into increased research support and the removal of current barriers to conducting such research , such as the Schedule I / Class B status of marijuana " .
Source : BioMed Central
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) - The Federal Reserve had a role in inflating the housing bubble , but it was n't low interest rates in the U.S. that fueled speculation in housing around the globe , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke said Sunday .
Rather , it was lax supervision of toxic mortgages by the Fed and other bank regulators -- along with excessive flows of capital around the globe -- that inflated the bubble , setting up the world economy for what may have been the worst economic crisis in modern history , Bernanke said .
Read full text of his speech .
In twin speeches at the annual meeting of the American Economic Association in Atlanta , Ga. , Bernanke and his vice chairman , Donald Kohn , responded to critics who suggest that the Fed 's policy of very low interest rates from 2001 to 2005 was the major cause of the housing bubble .
" The magnitude of house - price gains seems too large to be readily explainable by the stance of monetary policy alone , " Bernanke concluded in his speech .
Comparisons with other major economies shows that countries with relatively higher interest rates had larger housing bubbles , he said .
Bernanke conducted a kind of post - mortem on the housing bubble .
Using historic relationships , he concluded that low interest rates were responsible for about 5 % of the change in housing prices , while greater global capital flows explained about 30 % of the change .
The biggest cause of the bubble was exotic mortgages and the decline in underwriting standards , he said .
Buyers were able to lower their initial monthly payments , which allowed prices to soar to unsustainable levels .
" Both lenders and borrowers became convinced that house prices would only go up , " Bernanke said .
" Borrowers chose , and were extended , mortgages that they could not be expected to service in the longer term .
They were provided these loans on the expectation that accumulating home equity would soon allow refinancing into more sustainable mortgages .
For a time , rising house prices became a self - fulfilling prophecy , but ultimately , further appreciation could not be sustained and house prices collapsed . "
" That conclusion suggests that the best response to the housing bubble would have been regulatory , not monetary , " Bernanke said .
" Stronger regulation and supervision aimed at problems with underwriting practices and lenders ' risk management would have been a more effective and surgical approach to constraining the housing bubble than a general increase in interest rates . "
Bernanke said the Fed and other regulators finally adopted rules to stop the worst practices , but " these efforts came too late or were insufficient to stop the decline in underwriting standards and effectively constrain the housing bubble . "
Raising interest rates to stop the bubble would have required the Fed to make a judgment about the sustainability of housing prices , something the central bank has been reluctant to do .
Even if the Fed had decided the bubble should have been deflated earlier , raising rates in 2003 or 2004 " could have seriously weakened the economy at just the time when the recovery from the previous recession was becoming established , " Bernanke said .
In his speech , Kohn said raising interest rates now to prevent commodity price bubbles from developing would be ineffective and likely would damage the fragile economic recovery .
Read the full text of Kohn 's speech .
Kohn said the economy is likely to grow more slowly than its potential for some time , while inflation is likely to be below the Fed 's target of 2 % .
In this context , " tightening policy to head off a perceived threat of asset price misalignment could be expensive in terms of medium - term economic stability . "
" We do not have good theories or empirical evidence to guide policymakers in their efforts to use short - term interest rates to limit financial speculation , " Kohn said .
MOSUL , Iraq 
A string of checkpoints has appeared on the roads that spoke out from this volatile city , guarded by hundreds of American soldiers working with Arab and Kurdish troops .
The joint operation along one of Iraq ’s ethnic trouble spots began with a deliberate lack of fanfare , but it constitutes the most significant military mission by American forces since they largely retreated to bases outside Iraq ’s cities in June .
More than two dozen checkpoints now punctuate a snaking line that traces  from Syria to Iran  the unofficial and disputed boundary between Iraq ’s federal forces and those of the Kurdish regional government .
At times these forces have operated virtually as opposing armies rather than as compatriots , but at the checkpoints they now live and operate together for the first time since the war began .
Guarding checkpoints  a task the American military never relishes  invites attacks by insurgents , who remain particularly active in northern Iraq .
On three consecutive nights recently , rockets or mortars landed near three checkpoints in Diyala Province , though they caused no casualties , according to an American military spokesman and an Iraqi military official .
“ You stay static , ” said First Sgt. Tony DelSardo of the Army ’s Third Infantry Division , “ you ’ll get hit . ”
If this goes to court it ’ll get very ugly and I ca n’t see it ending well .
This is why I am so glad to report that Michael Mann – creator of the incredible Hockey Stick curve and one of the scientists most heavily implicated in the Climategate scandal – is about to get a very nasty shock .
When he turns up to work on Monday , he ’ll find that all 27 of his colleagues at the Earth System Science Center at Penn State University have received a rather tempting email inviting them to blow the whistle on anyone they know who may have been fraudulently misusing federal grant funds for climate research .
It turns out the US has a False Claims
Act whereby whistleblowers get to keep a portion of any money recovered from individuals who get public money by making false statements .
So it looks like ‘ hide the decline ’ will be tested in court .
A clear explanation of the legislation and process can be found here .
The False Claims
Act permits whistleblowers to sue in the name of the government as a “ qui tam ” plaintiff .
Qui tam whistleblowers have used the FCA for decades to police ( some would say hound ) government contractors accused of obtaining government money by means of false statements .
What ’s the non-altruistic incentive for exposing fraud on the government ?
Successful whistleblowers can keep a share of the money that a federal judge or jury says should be paid back to the government , sometimes up to 30 % of the recovery .
Indeed , whistleblowers have recovered hundreds of millions of dollars in these suits over the last 20 years .
There is no reason this legal tool ca n’t be used against unscrupulous professors , scientists , and “ green jobs ” hucksters who knowingly submit false statements to get government grants that fund their research , fuel their green - tech start - ups , and underwrite their proselytizing about supposed man-made climate change .
Importantly , false statements necessary to justify a False Claims
Act suit do n’t have to involve the same type of data - manipulation exposed in the current ClimateGate scandal .
A climate - fraud FCA case could be made out of any type of false statement made in order to get or keep government money .
Government grants and contracts typically involve a significant amount of ongoing certification of compliance with bureaucratic restrictions – think of a government contractor ’s progress reports or a hospital ’s never - ending stream of paperwork assuring that all is in order – and false statements in this paperwork may open the door to a lawsuit .
I had thought that people would first start suing the alt.energy firms looking at statements they had made in their prospectuses , but the first move I am aware of is going after the scientists themselves .
As best I can see Michael Mann is in their targets , but Phil Jones should be worried too .
I ’m hoping that no - one there realizes I have a US DoE grant and have had this ( with Tom W. ) for the last 25 years .
What is going to make this particularly interesting is that Mann will be sued in his personal capacity – his employer is a state - based organisation and ca n’t be sued under this federal legislation .
I ’m wondering if their litigation insurance would apply in this situation ?
At the core of the case will be a whistleblower ( one of Mann ’s former trusted colleagues ) v Mann ( and perhaps others ) .
On trial will be their working relationship , work practices and academic procedures .
As I said above , this will be ugly and involve a lot of ‘ he - said , she - said ’ type argument .
So overall I do have mixed feeling on this ; the AGW lobby did bring it upon themselves , they played very hard with little regard for playing the man or the ball .
But the collateral damage these actions will do to their home institutions and disciplines is also very high .
Part of the problem is that the AGW lobby corrupted the governance mechanisms of their home institutions and disciplines in pursuit of their narrow self - interested objectives as opposed to playing within the governance mechanisms .
LCA : Why filesystems are hard
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
The ext4 filesystem is reaching the culmination of a long development process .
It has been marked as stable in the mainline kernel for over a year , distributions are installing it by default , and it may start to see more widespread enterprise - level deployment toward the end of this year .
At linux.conf.au 2010 , ext4 hacker Ted Ts'o talked about the process of stabilizing ext4 and why filesystems take a long time to become ready for production use .
In general , Ted says , people tend to be overly optimistic about how quickly a filesystem can stabilize .
It is not a fast process , for a number of fairly clear reasons .
In general , there are some aspects of software which can make it hard to test and debug .
These include premature optimization ( " the root of all evil " ) , the presence of large amounts of internal state , and an environment involving a lot of parallelism .
Any of these features will make code more difficult to understand and complicate the testing environment .
Filesystems suffer from all of these problems .
Users demand that a general - purpose filesystem be heavily optimized for a wide variety of workloads ; this optimization work must be done at all levels of the code .
The entire job of a filesystem is to store and manage internal state .
Among other things , that makes it hard for developers to reproduce problems ; specific bugs are quite likely to be associated with the state of a specific filesystem which a user may be unwilling to share even in the absence of the practical difficulties implicit in making hundreds of gigabytes of data available to developers .
And parallelism is a core part of the environment for any general - purpose filesystem ; there will always be many things going on at once .
All of these factors combine to make filesystems difficult to stabilize .
What it comes down to , Ted says , is that filesystems , like fine wines , have to age for a fair period of time before they are ready .
But there 's an associated problem : the workload - dependent nature of many filesystem problems guarantees that filesystem developers cannot , by themselves , find all of the bugs in their code .
There will always be a need for users to test the code and report their experiences .
So filesystem developers have a strong incentive to encourage users to use the code , but the more ethical developers ( at least ) do not want to cause users to lose data .
It 's a fine line which can be hard to manage .
So what does it take to get a filesystem written and ready for use ?
As part of the process of seeking funding for Btrfs development , Ted talked to veterans of a number of filesystem development projects over the years .
They all estimated that getting a filesystem to a production - ready state would require something between 75 and 100 person - years of effort - or more .
That can be a daunting thing to tell corporate executives when one is trying to get a project funded ; for Btrfs , Ted settled for suggesting that every company involved should donate two engineers to the cause .
Alas , not all of the companies followed through completely ; vague problems associated with an economic crisis got in the way .
An associated example : Sun started working on the ZFS filesystem in 2001 .
The project was only announced in 2005 , with the first shipments happening in 2006 .
But it is really only in the last year or so that system administrators have gained enough confidence in ZFS to start using it in production environments .
Over that period of time , the ZFS team - well over a dozen people at its peak - devoted a lot of time to the development of the filesystem .
So where do things stand with ext4 ?
It is , Ted says , an interesting time .
It has been shipping in community distributions for a while , with a number of them now installing it by default .
With luck , the long term support and enterprise distributions will start shipping it soon ; enterprise - level adoption can be expected to follow a year or so after that .
Over the last year or so , There have been something between 60 and 100 ext4 patches in each mainline kernel release .
Just under half of those are bug fixes ; many of the rest are cleanup patches .
There 's also a small amount of new feature and performance enhancement work still .
Ted noted that the number of bug fixes has not been going down in recent releases .
That , he says , is to be expected ; the user community for ext4 is growing rapidly , and more users will find ( and report ) more bugs .
A certain number of those bugs are denial of service problems ; many of those are system crashes in response to a corrupted on - disk filesystem image .
A larger share of the problems are race conditions and , especially deadlocks .
There are a few problems associated with synchronization ; one does not normally notice these at all unless the system crashes at the wrong time .
And there are a few memory leaks , usually associated with poorly - tested error - handling paths .
The areas where the bulk of these bugs can be found is illuminating .
There have been problems in the interaction between the block allocator and the online resize functionality - it turns out that people do not resize filesystems often , so this code is not always all that heavily tested .
Other bugs have come up in the interaction between block pre-allocation and out - of - space handling .
Online defragmentation has had a number of problems , including one nasty security bug ; it turned out that nobody had really been testing that code .
The FIEMAP ioctl ( ) command , really only used by one utility , had some problems .
There were issues associated with disk quotas ; this feature , too , is not often used , especially by filesystem developers .
And there have been problems with the no-journal mode contributed by Google ; the filesystem had a number of " there is always a journal " assumptions inherited from ext3 , but , again , few people have tested this feature .
The common theme here should be clear : a lot of the bugs turning up in this stage of the game are associated with little - used features which have not received as much testing as the core filesystem functions .
The good news is that , as a result , most of the bugs have not actually affected that many users .
There was one problem in particular which took six months to find ; about once a month , it would corrupt a filesystem belonging to a dedicated and long - suffering tester .
It turned out that there was a race condition which could corrupt the disk if two processes were writing the same file at the same time .
Samba , as it happens , does exactly that , whereas the applications run by most filesystem developers do not .
The moral of the story : just because the filesystem developer has not seen problems does not mean that the code is truly safe .
Another bug would only strike if the system crashed at just the wrong time ; it had been there for a long time before anybody noticed it .
How long ?
The bug was present in the ext3 filesystem as well , but nobody ever reported it .
There have also been a number of performance problems which have been found and fixed .
Perhaps the most significant one had to do with performance in the writeback path .
According to Ted , the core writeback code in the kernel is fairly badly broken at the moment , with the result that it will not tell the filesystem to write back more than 1024 blocks at a time .
That is far too small for large , fast devices .
So ext4 contains a hack whereby it will write back much more data than the VFS layer has requested ; it is justified , he says , because all of the other filesystems do it too .
In general , nobody wants to touch the writeback code , partly because they fear breaking all of the workarounds which have found their way into filesystem - specific code over the years .
Ted concluded by noting that , in one way , filesystems are easy : the Linux kernel contains a great deal of generic support code which does much of the work .
But the truth of the matter is that they are hard .
There are lots of workloads to support , the performance demands are strong , and there tend to be lots of processes running in parallel .
The creation of a new filesystem is done as a labor of love ; it 's generally hard to justify from a business perspective .
This reality is reflected in the fact that almost nobody is investing in filesystem work currently , with the one high - profile exception being Sun and its ZFS work .
But ,
Ted noted , that work has cost them a lot , and it's not clear that they have gotten a return which justifies that investment .
Hopefully the considerable amount of work which has gone into Linux filesystem development will have a more obvious payback .
“ I ’m feeling guilty because I procrastinate too much ”
A quick search on Twitter confirmed my hunch .
There are a lot of people talking about procrastination , and the tweets I surveyed are filled with feelings of guilt , regret and remorse .
The word “ procrastinate ” is a heavy one , and I believe that people are trying to solve the problem the wrong way , leaving them with baggage that just wo n’t seem to go away no matter what they do .
Procrastination : Not a Problem !
Perhaps procrastination simply is n’t the problem we think it is .
Webster ’s Dictionary defines the word as follows :
procrastinate :
To put off from day to day ; to delay ; to defer to a future time
Anyone who is skillful at managing their time will tell you that the act of “ putting off from day to day , ” “ delaying ” and “ deferring to a future time ” are required skills in today ’s information age .
Advertising
With technology has come an increased number of demands on our time , and a variety of ways in which we allow ourselves to be interrupted , reminded or prompted to make new commitments .
The only smart tactic to take is to put things off until later .
Take the simple example of checking your email Inbox .
In fifteen minutes it ’s possible to scan 100 new items , while making 30 instant decisions to take further action .
It ’s impossible to act on all 30 items immediately .
Instead , it ’s a much better idea to focus on a single item at a time , rather than trying to split one ’s attention between multiple tasks .
In other words , it ’s better to “ put it off from today , ” “ delay ” or “ defer to a future time ” than to try to do multiple actions at the same time , in the very next moment .
Why is procrastination deemed to be such a problem if , by its definition , the action is such a benign and even useful one ?
I suspect that when we call a problem by its incorrect name , we prevent ourselves from seeing clear , common - sense solutions .
The word “ procrastination ” is being used to label the wrong problem .
The Real Problem
To understand the real problem , let ’s look at some cases in which actual failures occurred , and why they had nothing to do with procrastination .
Failure # 1 – A Missed Due Date : Sam ’s homework was due on Monday morning , and she waited until late on Sunday evening to get started .
After she started she found out that the assignment required at least 20 hours of work , which she could not complete in time .
The assignment was handed in late , and her tardiness cost her a full letter grade according to the rules stated in the syllabus .
Analysis : Most might call Sam a procrastinator , but I only see that she has a weakness in scheduling her time .
The failure started by not properly estimating the size of the task , and continued when she did n’t use her calendar to determine the best time to start the assignment .
Advertising
In this case what we call procrastination is actually a problem with the discipline that time management experts would call “ personal scheduling . ”
Failure # 2 – Several Delays : Mike has made an internal decision to cut the lawn on Saturday , an activity that he despises .
On the appointed day , other events intervene , and he decides to cut the lawn on Sunday instead .
Sunday rolls around and once again he decides to postpone his date with the lawnmower until Wednesday .
On Wednesday he decides that next Friday would be better , and he once again foregoes the much needed chore .
On Friday he finally cuts the entire lawn in one effort .
Analysis : Was Mike procrastinating ?
Many would say yes , and they might strongly imply that he was just being lazy .
If I add in the fact that it rained on Friday , Monday and Tuesday nights rendering the ground soft and unsafe for a cut , would it be said that he was still being lazy , and procrastinating ?
If I add in the fact that his neighbour cut his lawn under similar conditions would you change your mind ?
And if I add in the fact that the neighbour is known to be a drunkard who sometimes does crazy things help you to change your mind again ?
Advertising
The problem with the way we use procrastination is that it has come to mean much more than the dictionary definition , and now brings with it an accusing tone filled with blame .
If we were to use the dictionary definition of the word we ’d conclude that he was simply re-scheduling .
The fact is that he deferred the activity , and according to the dictionary , he was procrastinating .
According to our common - day usage of the word , it all depends on whether or not he was to blame for the delay .
The charge of being a “ procrastinator ” that we lay against ourselves and others has a become a way to cast blame .
Solutions
The negative judgements and feelings related to procrastinating do n’t come from the delays , the putting off or the postponements .
Instead they come from our judgemental minds which have decided that something or someone is to blame .
A close look at the examples above reveal that it ’s actually the negative thoughts that are producing the guilty feelings and the blame , and NOT the actual rescheduling .
What can we do about these negative thoughts ?
What can we do if we continue to blame ourselves and others for procrastinating ?
There are a variety of approaches that we can use , but this is my personal favorite .
Byron Katie ’s methods of dealing with stressful thoughts is the method that I have used for the past 4 years .
( Her entire approach can be found at her website . )
Her thesis is simple , and is a good match for the problem of blame .
Stress is never caused by life circumstances , but instead it originates in the thoughts that we have , and whether or not we believe them .
Advertising
In the example above , Sam ’s assignment was late ( a fact , ) but her thought that “ I ’m a procrastinator ” would only cause stress if she believed it .
On Katie ’s site , there is a powerful and simple process .
It involves dealing with stressful thoughts by first writing them down and then applying 4 questions and what she calls a turnaround statement ( an opposing thought . )
The result of using her process on stressful , judgmental thoughts about procrastination is a sense of relief in which statements like “ I should stop procrastinating ” might still recur , but without the stress that usually comes .
While this kind of habit might not seem to be related to time management , there are so many who struggle with thoughts of procrastination that if they could get past their own thinking , it would help bring peace of mind — which is the goal of every time management system .
So , if you think you have an issue with procrastination , start by separating your actions from your thoughts .
Deal with your skill at scheduling if you need to .
According to the dictionary , you are probably doing the right thing by procrastinating .
If you find that you have blaming thoughts that keep returning , and that they are causing stress , use Katie ’s method to free yourself to be as productive as you can be without this harmful habit .
Microwaves can transform a frozen pizza into hot , melted goodness in four minutes flat , but they can't rescue your melted ice - cream sundae .
To cook food , a microwave oven converts voltage into high - frequency electromagnetic microwaves .
The molecules in food — especially water and fat — absorb this energy and wiggle at high speeds , causing them to heat rapidly and warm the surrounding food .
Although quickly turning leftovers cold would be handy , this is a one - way operation , explains David Pozar , a professor and microwave expert at the University of Massachusetts .
Microwaves can only speed up atoms , not slow them down .
( CNN ) --
As a gay man in Uganda , Frank Mugisha is used to the taunts , the slurs and the daily harassment of neighbors and friends .
But if a new bill proposed in the east African country becomes law , Mugisha could be put away for life , or worse , put to death for having sex with another man .
" Right now , you can't go to places that are crowded , because the mob can attack us or even burn us .
We can't walk alone .
We are ostracized by relatives .
But if this bill passes , it will become impossible for me to live here at all .
And that part hurts the most , " Mugisha said .
The Anti-Homosexuality Bill features several provisions that human rights groups say would spur a witch hunt of homosexuals in the country :
• Gays and lesbians convicted of having gay sex would be sentenced , at minimum , to life in prison
• People who test positive for HIV may be executed
• Homosexuals who have sex with a minor , or engage in homosexual sex more than once , may also receive the death penalty
• The bill forbids the " promotion of homosexuality , " which in effect bans organizations working in HIV and AIDS prevention
• Anyone who knows of homosexual activity taking place but does not report it would risk up to three years in prison
" Who will go to HIV testing if he knows that he will suffer the death sentence ? "
Elizabeth Mataka , the U.N. Special Envoy on AIDS in Africa , told reporters last week .
" The law will drive them away from seeking counseling and testing services . "
Homosexuality is already illegal in Uganda under colonial - era laws .
But the bill , introduced in October , is intended to put more teeth into prosecuting violators .
It applies even to Ugandans participating in same - sex acts in countries where such behavior is legal .
" They are supposed to be brought back to Uganda and convicted here .
The government is putting homosexuality on the level of treason , " Mugisha said .
Lawmakers have indicated that they will pass the bill before year 's end .
It has the blessing of many religious leaders -- Muslim and Christian -- in a country where a July poll found 95 percent opposed to legalizing homosexuality .
The Rev. Esau Omara , a senior church leader , said over the weekend that any lawmaker opposing the bill will pay for it during the next election , according to local newspaper reports .
And a leading Muslim cleric , Sheikh Ramathan Shaban Mubajje , has called for gays to be rounded up and banished to an island until they die .
Several media outlets also have inflamed sentiments in recent months by publicly pointing out gays and lesbians .
In April , the Observer newspaper published tips to help readers spot homosexuals .
And over the summer , the Red Pepper tabloid outed 45 gays and lesbians .
Uganda 's President Yoweri Museveni has not publicly stated his position on the bill , but last month blamed foreign influence in promoting and funding homosexuality .
" It is true that , if the president has said that , he must have information that European nations are promoting ( homosexuality ) and recruiting homosexuals , " government spokesman Fred Opolot said .
" You must note that the president or the legislators are responding to the concern of the citizenry of the country . "
At the Commonwealth summit in Trinidad and Tobago late last month , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper said he pulled aside Museveni to deplore the bill .
" We find them inconsistent with , frankly , I think any reasonable understanding of human rights , and I was very clear on that with the president of Uganda , " Harper told reporters .
In the United States , a coalition of Christian leaders released a statement Monday denouncing the bill .
" Regardless of the diverse theological views of our religious traditions regarding the morality of homosexuality , in our churches , communities and families , we seek to embrace our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters as God 's children , worthy of respect and love , " the statement read .
Human rights groups have called on Western nations to withhold aid from Uganda if the measure passes .
About 40 percent of the country 's budget comes from international aid .
" This draft bill is clearly an attempt to divide and weaken civil society by striking at one of its most marginalized groups , " said Scott Long , director of the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Rights Program at the New York - based Human Rights Watch .
" The government may be starting here , but who will be next ? "
Opolot , the government spokesman , said consideration of the bill in parliament is merely " democracy at work . "
" We as a country are engaging and debating a pertinent issue , " he said .
" So if a foreign country chooses to cut aid simply because Uganda is debating its destiny , then it is quite outrageous and quite wrong . "
Mugisha , who now heads the group Sexual Minority of Uganda , said he is working with lawyers and other activists to change minds and defeat the measure .
" I have put a lot of effort in this struggle .
I just want to live freely every day , " he said .
" I want to be happy knowing that if I 'm going to meet someone , I 'm not going to be taken to jail forever . "
CNN ( I do n't think this has been posted yet , forgive me if it has )
Iranian soccer official loses job thanks to New Year ’s e-mail to Israel
Every office has one idiot who sends out e-mails to huge mailing lists without checking to see if all of the recipients actually need to be receiving that e-mail .
In Iran , that guy is Mohammad - Mansour Azimzadeh Ardebili , director of the Iranian soccer league ’s foreign relations office .
Ardebili ’s office sent out a New Year ’s greeting to every country that belongs to FIFA , which sounds like a nice gesture .
Unfortunately for Ardebili , Iran does not recognize the existence of Israel , one of the recipients of the e-mail .
Oy vey !
Unlike Ardebili ’s New Year ’s greetings to Narnia , Atlantis , and Middle Earth , the e-mail to Israel presumably did not bounce back as an invalid address , which must have been quite the surprise .
“ It was a big mistake sending an e-mail to Israel ’s football federation , ” Ali Kaffashian , president of the Iran Football Federation , said in a statement carried by the semi-official Mehrs News Agency .
“ However , I am sure the director of the foreign relations office did n’t do it on purpose . ”
That did n’t keep Ardebili from resigning .
One errant e-mail , and there goes your job .
If only it was that easy to get rid off mass e-mailers in this country .
Iran soccer chief apologizes for Israel greeting [ CNN ]
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
Jim Koch , the Samuel Adams founder who coined the term “ extreme beer ” in the 1990s , has taken the concept to a new level with the 2009 Utopias .
It 's the world 's strongest beer , with a wallop - packing 27 percent alcohol by volume that makes it illegal in a dozen states .
At a suggested retail price of $ 150 , it 's likely the most expensive brew to hit the shelves this holiday season .
Just 12,000 of the unique , ceramic - and - copper bottles , er , decanters shaped like tiny brew kettles were produced .
This is the first year Utopias will be available in Texas , and a limited number are expected to go on sale in Houston this week .
“ You treat it like a fine cognac , ” said Erika Schermerhorn , spokeswoman for the parent Boston Beer Co .
That means serving the uncarbonated beverage at room temperature , with 2 - ounce pours in a snifter .
And , unlike other beer , you can save the rest for later .
“ Once you open it , ” said Schermerhorn , “ you can put it away and then go back to it years later . ”
The Utopias is brewed with a variety of yeast strains , including one commonly used in the production of champagne , and malts and Noble hops .
It 's a blend of liquids as well , said Schermerhorn , including some remaining from a batch of Samuel Adams Triple Bock .
Brewed 16 years ago , the Triple Bock was billed as the first “ extreme beer ” at 17 percent ABV .
The Utopias was aged and finished in wooden containers such as Scotch whisky barrels , single - use bourbon casks , sherry casks from Spain , and muscatel and port casks from Portugal .
According to the company , this aging process “ enhances the distinct cinnamon , vanilla , and maple notes ” and gives the beer “ a level of complexity not seen in earlier releases . ”
Since the Triple Bock , Samuel Adams has released a series of high - alcohol beers : Millennium Ale in 2000 ( 21 percent ABV ) and Utopias in 2002 , ' 03 , '05 and '07 .
Utopias gets an A rating on the respected BeerAdvocate.com site .
Reader comments to the Chronicle 's Beer , TX blog were mostly positive about the earlier incarnations as well .
“ I 've had previous releases of Utopia and although you would expect it to be whiskey - hot with alcohol , it is surprisingly smooth and drinkable , and very definitely tastes like a beer ( maybe a beer liqueur ) , ” Paul Hightower wrote .
“ It is malty , sweet and a bit complex , and one could enjoy a full snifter of it if the pocketbook would allow . ”
Local homebrewer Mike Heniff agreed that it's “ certainly very interesting and a few sips now and then are very enjoyable . ”
But , he added , “ in the end all three of the Samuel Adams high alcohol beers do n't seem much like beer . ”
A couple of other readers recalled the Triple Bock badly , however , with one calling it a “ fiasco . ”
And the whole notion of “ extreme beer ” does n't have universal approval .
In a New Yorker magazine article last fall , the author and Brooklyn Brewery brewmaster Garrett Oliver was quoted as saying he found the term “ irredeemably pejorative . ”
“ When a brewer says , ‘ This has more hops in it than anything you 've had in your life — are you man enough to drink it ? , ' it 's sort of like a chef saying , ‘ This stew has more salt in it than anything you 've ever had — are you man enough to eat it ? ' ”
The makers of Samuel Adams contend that “ extreme beer ” is more than just clever marketing .
“ It 's about redefining the way people think about beer , ” said Schermerhorn , “ and pushing the boundaries of what beer can be . ”
That seems to be a driving philosophy for Koch , who has grown the Boston Beer Co. into the largest U.S. - owned brewery ( now that both Anheuser - Busch and MillerCoors are under foreign ownership ) .
“ As brewers , we continue to challenge ourselves to experiment and explore new flavors and brewing techniques in the Barrel Room year after year , and what continues to energize us is that our beer quest has n't changed , ” Koch said in a statement .
“ It 's my life 's work to elevate people 's thinking about beer .
…
Today , Utopias is our best example of that quest . ”
ronnie.crocker@chron.com
The first thing that struck me about Hitoshi Murayama was that he certainly did not fit the stereotype of a Japanese presenter — he's relaxed , eloquent , and clearly very , very excited about his work .
He is the head of a new research center in Japan called the Institute for the Physics and Mathematics of the Universe — a purview that allows him to study just about anything .
But he 's chosen to study everything ; Murayama wants to know why there is , in fact , a universe .
Because the Physics@FOM audience comes from a range of backgrounds , Murayama 's talk was light on details and strong on providing a flavor of the problem and inspiring the audience .
And inspired I was , as he took us on a whirlwind tour of the known Universe , including dark matter and inflation .
He wrapped up by going completely off the map with some of the ideas that he has had floating around for some time now .
Murayama proposes that the Universe is , in fact , a quantum fluid , somewhat like a superconductor .
Starting with the energy budget of the Universe , he reminded us that less than five percent of the matter and energy in the Universe is understood , with the remainder being dark energy and dark matter .
But , even if we could account for dark matter with a bunch of particles and dark energy was understood , we still would n't understand much .
For instance , none of this knowledge would help us understand why the various forces behave the way they do .
Along the way , he provided a taste of the evidence for why we believe the things that we do .
We know dark matter exists because galaxies do n't fly apart , because we find gravity where there is no matter , and , most tellingly , our universe would be smooth and featureless in the absence of dark matter .
He showed that , although dark matter allows structures to form , inflation provided the initial changes in density that allowed them to condense .
But , of course , we do n't know what dark matter is .
Murayama justified the idea that dark matter is almost certainly some sort of weakly interacting massive particle by showing how we account for the dimmest objects in the Universe and simply do n't find enough of them .
In short , we think that dark matter exists because it is just about impossible to account for all the evidence with any other proposals .
Now , with the LHC online , we should start finding particles that may well be dark matter , and we will soon know if cosmologists were on the right track .
And that is kind of exciting : years of speculation and careful modeling about to be properly tested .
But , even more exciting , if the LHC does find dark matter candidate particles , cosmologists will be able to claim that we pretty much understand the Universe from 10 - 10s after the big bang to the present day — a mind - boggling thought .
What really seems to turns Murayama on is the problem of explaining why some forces are long - range and some are short - range .
Basically , gravity reaches out over huge distances .
Electromagnetism would reach just as far , but because there are both negative and positive charges , forces due to one set of charges tend get screened out by opposite signed charges .
This effectively limits the reach of electromagnetic forces .
Nevertheless , the fundamental distance scaling for the two forces is the same .
The strong and weak nuclear forces are very short range , extending no further than the width of a nucleus .
There is no fundamental reason for why these forces scale differently from gravity and electromagnetism .
He proposes that the Universe is , in fact , a quantum fluid , somewhat like a superconductor .
How does this work ?
The analogy with superconductivity is apt because superconductors reject magnetic fields .
That is , the charges in a superconductor arrange themselves such that the field lines of a magnetic field get bent around the super - current .
Now , imagine sitting in the superconductor , trying to make a magnetic field .
What you would see is that the field was incredibly short - ranged because of the way the field would interact with the surrounding charges .
Therein lies the idea .
Imagine that the Universe is a quantum fluid that interacts very strongly with the strong force and weak forces , but ignores gravity and electromagnetism .
Our knowledge of the four forces allows us to calculate some of the properties that this fluid must have , and , from there , to figure out how much energy is tied up in this fluid .
If you are going to go into debt , you might as well do it properly .
If Murayama is right , the current energy of the Universe is short by some 1062 percent of that required to create the fluid during the big bang — that is one hell of a mortgage .
As he jokingly pointed out , we are constantly told that deficits are a bad thing , so if his dark field proposal is to become more than an idea , some creative accounting is required .
All in all , a great opening to Physics@FOM .
Listing image by NASA
Not so swift ( but trying ) : Injured Sisso gets safety harness - attached to a piece of string - so he can learn to fly again
The belief is there and he 's raring to go but Sisso the injured swift will have to wait just a little longer before he becomes truly airborne .
For being strapped in a special harness which is suspended from the ceiling by a length of string is as good as it gets .
Seven months ago Sisso damaged his right wing and although he has been gradually nursed back to health he is unable to fly .
Before the harness came along all he could do was flap aimlessly on the ground .
Holding up well : Sisso flies in a harness , made from bandages and gauze pads , attached to a length of string
The swift is being treated at an Israeli animal hospital and it is thanks to this ingenious device - which resembles a mobile in a child 's bedroom - that he can practise flying .
Fitting snugly into a red tube - like vest made of bandages and gauze pads , Sisso has holes for his head , wings , feet and tail .
A string is fixed to the harness and attached to the ceiling which allows him to whizz around a room at the Ramat Gan Safari Park Animal Hospital without falling to the floor .
However , until the muscles in his weakened right wing become strong enough , he will be kept indoors and in the sling .
Vet Dr Ariela Rosenzweig said staff now hope to build a daily training programme so he can extend the amount of time he can stay airborne .
The aim is to one day return him to nature .
As a common swift , Sisso would normally spend most of his life in the air , looking for food .
Since he cannot feed himself while in the hospital , every hour staff have to feed him insects .
On a wing and a prayer : A vet at Ramat Gan Safari Park Animal Hospital watches Sisso flap his wings
Humanitarian relief is being scaled up as rescue efforts come to an end Haiti 's government has made the " heartbreaking " decision to declare the search and rescue phase for survivors of the earthquake over , the UN says .
The announcement came a day after two people , an 84 - year - old woman and a 21 - year - old man , were pulled alive from the rubble in Port - au - Prince .
The UN spokeswoman Elizabeth Byrs says 132 people have been rescued since the earthquake 11 days ago .
On Friday the official government death toll from the quake rose to 110,000 .
Speaking in Geneva , Ms Byrs said that the decision to end the rescue operation was " heartbreaking " but that it had been taken on the advice of experts .
She said most search and rescue teams would now be leaving Haiti , although some with heavy lifting equipment may stay to help with the clean - up operation and with aid distribution .
She added that humanitarian relief efforts were still being scaled up in Port - au - Prince , as well as in the towns of Jacmel , Leogane and other areas affected by the earthquake .
The BBC's Adam Mynott , at a university building in Port - au - Prince where many people are feared buried , says there has been some disquiet among Haitians about the decision to end search efforts .
But although two people were pulled out alive in the capital on Friday , it is believed rescue teams have detected no new signs of life under the rubble for the past three days , our correspondent says .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement On Friday an 84 - year - old woman was found in the wreckage of her home seriously injured and severely dehydrated .
She is being treated by doctors at the main city hospital with intravenous fluids and drugs .
Her son said he had heard her cries on Thursday morning and , almost a day later , he dug her out with the help of friends .
Meanwhile , a 21 - year - old man , Emmannuel Buso , was pulled out alive by an Israeli search team and is said to be in a stable condition .
HAITI 'S REMARKABLE SURVIVORS Emmannuel Buso , 21 - rescued after 10 days Marie Carida , 84 - saved after 10 days Mendji Bahina Sanon , 11 - trapped for eight days Lozama Hotteline , 25 - pulled out after seven days Elisabeth Joassaint , 15 days - buried for seven days , half her life Ena Zizi , 69 - rescued after seven days
Haiti quake : Survivors ' stories
Speaking from his hospital bed he described coming out of the shower when the earthquake hit .
He said he had no food , and drank his own urine to keep thirst at bay .
The head of the Israeli team , Major Amir Ben David , said the rescue had given hope more people could be found alive .
No decision has yet been taken on whether the Israeli team will now go home , the Associated Press news agency reported .
More than 1,000 mourners gathered on Saturday by Port - au - Prince 's shattered Roman Catholic Cathedral for the funeral of Haiti's Archbishop Joseph Serge Miot and a vicar , Charles Benoit .
President Rene Preval attended the service , joined by New York Archbishop Timothy Dolan and the Vatican 's ambassador to Haiti .
" I came here to pay my respects to all the dead from the earthquake , and to see them have a funeral , " mourner Esther Belizair told AP , saying that she had lost a cousin .
Few funeral services have been held in Haiti for those killed by the quake .
At least 75,000 bodies have so far been buried in mass graves , Haiti 's government has said .
Many more remain uncollected in the streets .
' Most complex operation '
The BBC has started a new radio service in Creole , one of the country 's main languages .
BBC HAITIAN CREOLE SERVICE Broadcasting on the radio daily at 0910 local time ( 1410 GMT )
Twenty - minute programme in Haitian Creole Broadcasting on FM in Haiti 's six largest cities
Also available on satellite and online , and via social media
BBC Caribbean
The 20 - minute long daily broadcast , called Connexion Haiti , will try to give people up - to - date information about the basic services they need to survive - such as where to find food , clean drinking water , medical assistance and shelter .
An estimated 1.5 million people were left homeless by the 7.0 - magnitude quake , which some have estimated has killed as many as 200,000 people .
The UN says 130,000 people have now been relocated out of Port - au - Prince , easing the pressure on overcrowded camps in the city .
Meanwhile the UN agency the World Food Programme says it has increased its food aid to survivors .
Speaking after a two - day evaluation mission to Port - au - Prince , the executive director of WFP , Josette Sheeran , said that on Friday the agency had delivered about 2 million meals .
" This is the most complex operation WFP has ever launched , " she said .
" Haiti 's entire supply chain infrastructure has been devastated , and we have been faced with launching an operation from scratch . "
A benefit concert featuring more than 100 music and Hollywood stars has been broadcast around the world to raise money for the victims of the earthquake .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rare , elusive , and endangered by habitat loss , the bay cat is one of the world ’s least studied wild cats .
Several specimens of the cat were collected in the 19th and 20th Century , but a living cat was n’t even photographed until 1998 .
Now , researchers in Sabah , Malaysian Borneo , have managed to capture the first film of the bay cat ( Catopuma badia ) .
Lasting seven seconds , the video ( see below ) shows the distinctly reddish - brown cat in its habitat .
For three years Andrew Hearn and Jo Ross of the Global Canopy Programme have been surveying Borneo ’s wild cats with camera trapping ; these include the Sunda clouded leopard , the marbled cat , the flat - headed cat , the leopard cat , and the bay cat , which is the only species of the five that is wholly endemic to Borneo .
As well as recording the first video of the bay cat , they also took the first photos of the animal in Sabah .
Due to habitat loss and deforestation — largely from the spread of palm oil plantations and logging — the bay cat is currently listed as Endangered by the IUCN Red List and its population is in decline .
If deforestation rates continue as expected , researchers have estimated that the already small population of bay cats will fall another 20 percent over the next decade .
The bay cat is not alone in its plight .
Four of Borneo ’s five wild cats are classified by the IUCN as threatened with extinction due to continued deforestation .
“ No other place has a higher percentage of threatened wild cats ! ” Jim Sanderson , an expert on the world ’s small cats , says .
Pointing out that 80 percent of Borneo ’s cats face extinction , Sanderson adds that “ not one of these wild cats poses a direct threat to humans . ”
So little is known about the bay cat that even its diet remains largely a mystery .
Hearn and Ross ’s surveys on Borneo ’s cats are with the UK ’s Global Canopy Programme ’s Bornean Wild Cat and Clouded Leopard Project , funded by the Darwin Initiative .
World ’s only video of the bay cat , Copyright the Global Canopy Programme :
Researchers suspect there are less than 2,500 mature bay cats left in the wild .
The species is endemic to Borneo and rampant deforestation is the main threat .
Copyright : Global Canopy Programme .
Photo by : Jo Ross and Andrew Hearn .
Captive bay cat .
Photo by : Jim Sanderson .
This article erroneously referred to Catopuma badia as Catopuma temminckii , which is the scientific name of the Asian Golden Cat .
Thanks to Javier for pointing out the error .
Related articles
Photos : Palm oil threatens Borneo ’s rarest cats
( 11/04/2009 ) Oil palm expansion is threatening Borneo ’s rarest wild cats , reports a new study based on three years of fieldwork and more than 17,000 camera trap nights .
Studying cats in five locations — each with different environments — in Sabah , Malaysian Borneo , researchers found that four of five cat species are threatened by habitat loss due to palm oil plantations .
“ No other place has a higher percentage of threatened wild cats ! ” Jim Sanderson , an expert on the world ’s small cats , told Mongabay.com .
Pointing out that 80 percent of Borneo ’s cats face extinction , Sanderson said that “ not one of these wild cats poses a direct threat to humans . ”
Saving the world ’s most recently discovered cat species in Borneo
( 04/10/2008 ) Last year two teams of scientists announced the discovery of a new species of clouded leopard in Borneo .
The news came as conservationists launched a major initiative to conserve a large area of forest on an island where logging and oil palm plantations have consumed vast expanses of highly biodiverse tropical rainforest over the past thirty years .
Now a pair of researchers are racing against the clock to better understand the behvaior of these rare cats to see how well they adapt to these changes in and around Danum Valley in Malaysia ’s Sabah state .
Andrew Hearn and Joanna Ross run the Bornean Wild Cat and Clouded Leopard Project , an effort that aims to understand and protect Borneo ’s threatened wild cats , which include the flat - headed cat ( Prionailurus planiceps ) , marbled cat ( Pardofelis marmorata ) leopard cat ( Prionailurus bengalensis ) the endemic bay cat ( Catopuma badia ) and the Bornean clouded leopard ( Neofelis nebulosa ) .
Often overlooked , small wild cats are important and in trouble
( 08/05/2008 )
While often over - shadowed by their larger and better - known relatives like lions , tigers , leopards , and jaguars , small cats are important indicators of the health of an ecosystem , says a leading small cat expert who uses camera traps extensively to document and monitor mammals in the wild .
Dr Jim Sanderson , a scientist with the Small Cat Conservation Alliance and Conservation International , is working to save some of the world ’s rarest cats , including the Andean cat and Guigna of South America and the bay , flat - headed , and marbled cats of Southeast Asia .
In the process Sanderson has captured on film some of the planet ’s least seen animals , including some species that have never before been photographed .
He has also found that despite widespread criticism , some corporate entities are effectively protecting remote wilderness areas .
" We have more than 7,000 detainees in the streets who escaped from the National Penitentiary the evening of the earthquake ...
It took us five years to apprehend them .
Today they are running wild . "
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ferrari has signed Formula 3 Euro Series champion Jules Bianchi to a long - term deal .
The 20 - year - old Frenchman has been given an undefined role within the team , but could become test and reserve driver following his maiden Formula 1 outing at Jerez this week .
" We are very happy to do this long - term deal , which was completed a short time ago , " Bianchi 's manager Nicolas Todt told AUTOSPORT .
" His role is undefined for the moment , but from now on , he will be at Ferrari 's disposal .
His first Ferrari drive is obviously at this young driver test . "
Ferrari is yet to announce its test and reserve driver for 2010 , although it has Giancarlo Fisichella , Luca Badoer and Marc Gene under contract in addition to its race drivers Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso .
" I am more than happy , " said Bianchi , whose race programme next year will be in the GP2 Series with multiple champion team ART .
" It is very difficult to explain how I feel , but it is something very special .
" I know this is the first step on a journey that could turn out very nicely , but I 'm equally aware that there is still a long way to go to Formula 1 . "
A Sambar , an Asian deer , is chased by a tiger at the Tadoba - Andhari Tiger reserve near Nagpur in the Indian State of Maharashtra .
The battle went on for 24 hours , with the deer escaping three times before finally falling prey to the tiger
Credit : Nirmal Soni/ Barcroft India
Rumble in the Junta
Walking through the streets of Yangon this January , I saw the futility of U.S. sanctions on every corner .
Commerce thrives on steamy streets and markets , and billboards advertising Japanese , South Korean , and European brands are everywhere .
Meanwhile , junta leaders targeted by sanctions that prevent their families ’ travel have contented themselves with retirement in splendid homes , while their grandchildren , denied visas to visit the United States , simply go to college in Europe and Australia .
Sanctions have only served to isolate the United States .
This is especially unfortunate at a time when the United States should be carefully watching , and even influencing , what might be the most important political year in Myanmar ’s recent history .
The date is not set , but the tiny handful of generals who have a monopoly on political power have declared elections will take place in 2010 , and no one doubts they will happen before the year ’s end .
Most Burmese citizens are nonplussed , and no one can blame them for assuming that the military junta that runs the country from the isolated capital of Naypyidaw has rigged the process .
But the truth is that the elections will bring change : perhaps not a sudden end to the military junta , but important and underappreciated change nonetheless .
And the United States should be fully engaged .
This year ’s elections will be hotly contested by opposition politicians eager to gain a parliamentary seat .
Although far from being a free and fair process , they might represent the start of a long and possibly tortuous road toward a relatively more democratic system .
A new government is certain to emerge in Myanmar once the voting is over , one that is expected to include directly elected politicians representing a broader cross section of society than ever before .
Rather than dismissing these elections out of hand and calling them a sham , the United States should carefully consider its options and assess this potentially historic opportunity to shape Myanmar ’s future .
The reason elections are expected soon is the ill health of the detested general known as " Number One , " Than Shwe .
A leader of the 1988 coup , Than Shwe became the chairman of the State Law and Order Restoration Council ( SLORC ) in 1992 ( in 1997 , the SLORC changed its name to the State Peace and Development Council ) and has maintained a firm grip on power to this day .
He and his family have amassed a fortune , and at nearly age 77 his health is failing and he is ready to retire .
Like many dictators before him , however , he realizes that retiring in safety can be more complicated than maintaining an iron grip on power .
As the saying goes , " Riding a tiger is easy ; getting off is more difficult . "
To ensure that he and his family do not face trial or a firing squad once he relinquishes power , Than Shwe has crafted an elaborate retirement plan that replaces his junta with a new government , made up of military personnel and civilians , that will not be powerful enough to exact retribution from him , his family , or his cronies .
The only outcome that preserves his wealth and freedom is a relatively weak , inclusive civil - military government that self - balances and checks the power of any one faction or branch .
Establishing a durable civil - military government requires elections that confer enough legitimacy to sustain it and bolster the authority of civilians vis -à - vis the more powerful military .
Learning from the experiences of many other military dictators , Than Shwe fears an authoritarian successor might bend to populist sentiment and obliterate him .
This plan was expedited following the 1990 elections , in which Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and her National League for Democracy ( NLD ) won in a landslide victory , prompting the army to ignore the elections ’ results and throw her in jail .
Than Shwe has since then clawed his way back to the top , eliminating rivals and successors alike , all the while plotting to enact a " road map " to democracy that has been broadly dismissed by all but his closest followers .
At the center of Than Shwe ’s plan is the 2008 Constitution .
Superficially , Myanmar ’s Constitution is broadly based on the U.S. Constitution , with three branches of government forming a system of checks and balances .
But the Constitution is flawed , just as the parliamentary elections and selection of the next head of state will be .
The military is guaranteed 25 percent of seats in the legislature , and the president will be selected from three candidates picked by the government , with the two other candidates becoming vice presidents .
Although this might sound bleak , the optimist would recognize that 75 percent of the parliamentary seats will be chosen by popular vote , and it is quite likely that many of those seats will be won by opposition candidates .
The government is already working hard to recruit candidates who are well regarded in their communities and not antagonistic to the military — such as teachers and successful farmers — ensuring that parliament includes independent MPs who are respected by the population .
With the military guaranteed 25 percent of seats and the rest shared between pro-government , independent , and opposition parliamentarians , it is unlikely that an outright majority will control the legislature , necessitating the need for compromise and coalition - forming .
However , there are two things that might stand in the way of this grand plan — the next generation of military leaders and " the lady . "
There is no guarantee that the next generation of officers will be willing to share power with civilians , especially elected ones .
They might not respect the limits on power as they have been set out on flimsy paper .
Aung San Suu Kyi presents the other potential problem for the generals .
Should she be released from detention and allowed to campaign freely for her NLD candidates , they would easily win a majority of seats , just as they did in the 1990 elections when they won 392 of 485 seats , even with Aung San Suu Kyi under house arrest .
An overwhelming NLD victory in 2010 will be almost certainly unacceptable to the retiring generals who do not want to find themselves at the mercy of the long - persecuted and exiled NLD .
Another coup would likely result , ending any hope for representational government in Myanmar emerging for decades to come .
To prevent this , the generals will likely seek to prevent Aung San Suu Kyi from campaigning , keeping her under house arrest until the elections are concluded .
Although the election law and polling dates have not been announced yet , some analysts are guessing that the election law will be issued in early spring and the elections possibly held on the numerologically auspicious October 10 ( 10 - 10 - 10 ) .
However , Aung San Suu Kyi has indicated that she is pragmatic , expressing to the government that she is willing to compromise and discuss anything , though up to now she has not committed the NLD to either participate or boycott the process .
There is a pervasive air of uncertainty .
But should an accommodation be reached between the generals and Aung San Suu Kyi and elections held , it potentially represents the first step in Myanmar ’s evolution from a military dictatorship to a form of representational government familiar to many of Myanmar ’s Asian neighbors .
Consider one historical precedent .
South Korea ’s presidential and National Assembly elections in the 1970s and particularly in 1987 and 1988 , though hardly considered free and fair , gave opposition parties and candidates , including Nobel laureate and future president Kim Dae- jung ( who ran for president three times before being elected in 1997 ) , a legitimate platform from which to develop their voices , attract supporters , learn the political process , and oppose the ruling party .
Few might have predicted it at the time of South Korea ’s first elections , but today the country has an entrenched and mature democratic process , with conservative and liberal parties exchanging power peacefully .
Despite the stacked deck , some political candidates in Myanmar are optimistic about the prospects for this year ’s elections .
One opposition leader who has spent years in jail said the government had encouraged him to field candidates to contest the elections .
Admitting that they were a small step , he said , " One thing I like about the Constitution is that we can get elected to parliament ; I can speak freely in parliament and not on the side of the road on a soapbox .
Why do n’t we as a people take this opportunity to help [ Than Shwe ] make a graceful exit and gain democracy in the process ? "
In addition to enthusiastic political candidates , civil society is growing and provides a tenuous base to support democracy .
Grassroots organizations pepper the countryside , and Yangon - based NGOs look increasingly like their counterparts in Bangkok and Seoul implementing social and environmental programs supported by international funding , particularly in the aftermath of Cyclone Nargis .
The official media is still a ham - fisted propaganda arm of the government , but small publications are emerging and the Internet is an increasingly important source of balanced information .
The Voice of America ’s Burmese service ’s three hours of daily shortwave broadcasts will be particularly important during election campaigning as one of the few nongovernment - controlled sources of information available nationwide .
Of course , the government still has many tools at its disposal to fight the opposition , such as the election law and outright intimidation .
For instance , officials and their families will be told who to vote for , while watchful cadres will likely maintain a highly visible presence at polling stations .
The election law will also possibly exclude particular candidates — such as former political prisoners or members of ethnic groups that remain in armed opposition to the government — in addition to giving very little time for opposition candidates to raise support , publish materials , and campaign .
In addition to ballot box - stuffing , the government is also reportedly planning elaborate dirty tricks , such as creating new political parties that sound like the opposition parties in an effort to confuse voters .
Nonetheless , opposition leaders are optimistic that this year ’s elections will give them a foot in the political door , a few seats in parliament , and a platform from which to gain valuable experience and contest the next elections in 2015 .
That year , the president will likely start a second term , setting the stage for a really experienced cadre of politicians to campaign their hearts out in 2020 .
As part of its new engagement formula , the United States should consider supporting a peaceful political process in Myanmar that provides an opportunity for the opposition to participate in government .
Continued support for human rights is essential , as is relentless pressure on the Burmese government to release political prisoners and reach a peaceful détente with the opposition and ethnic groups .
Although it might seem like a choice of pragmatism over human rights policy , engaging in the Burmese elections is actually a decision that benefits both .
Health Care : Here Come the Unintended Consequences
John Rubino
As a general rule , DollarCollapse.com does n’t get involved in public policy debates .
Not because they are n’t important , but because the damage has already been done .
The U.S. , along with Japan and most of Europe , has passed the point where policy fixes are possible .
There ’s no magic marginal tax rate or Fed Funds rate or immigration law that will avert disaster .
All that ’s left is for the current system to implode , one way or another .
Then policy will matter again , as we try to fashion a workable new system from the rubble of the old .
But every once in a while a policy - related story comes along that ’s too good to pass up , like this from CFO Magazine : Farewell , Company Health Plans ?
Now that health - care reform bills have passed both the House and the Senate , some CFOs are seriously considering whether or not to drop employee coverage .
Alix Stuart , CFO.com | US
December 31 , 2009
For the past 19 years , Frank Santos , CFO of the privately held , seven - property Rosen Hotels and Resorts in Orlando , Florida , has prided himself on delivering high - quality health care to his employees in a unique and low - cost way .
In 1991 the company set up a primary - care clinic in one of its hotels , allowing employees to get basic health - care services during their working hours .
By cutting out other primary - care options and contracting directly with hospitals and specialists for additional services , Santos says , the company has been able to offer a full health - care package to its 5,000 or so employees and their families and save at least $ 10 million a year compared with national averages .
Beyond the basics , the company goes to great lengths to keep its employees healthy , including offering them many wellness services , such as exercise classes and serving only healthy foods ( no French fries ) in its cafeterias .
The current Senate health - care reform bill that passed on Christmas Eve , however , may change all that .
" There ’s no incentive for someone who has a plan such as ours to keep it , " says Santos .
" We currently spend about $ 2,700 per associate , but the government is going to allow us to forgo that plan and pay $ 750 per associate , " he says , referring to the $ 750 per-employee penalty that would be levied on employers whose employees need government subsidies to purchase health insurance called for in the current Senate bill .
Indeed , many other CFOs are considering the same option .
" A number of midsize employers are thinking they would drop coverage because it would be more economical to do that , given the penalties , and the employees would still receive coverage , " says Dean Hatfield , senior vice president and health - practice leader at Sibson Consulting .
Larger employers that could be at a competitive disadvantage by not offering health - care insurance may also make substantial changes in how they deliver it to employees .
" The new rules , as proposed , are going to make group insurance more expensive , and at the same time they ’re going to make the individual market more viable , " says Steve Wetzell , vice president of health - care initiatives for the HR Policy Association , a group of nearly 300 large employers .
" That creates the opportunity for employers to take a hard look at going from defined benefit to defined contribution , " similar to the widespread shift from pensions to employer 401 ( k ) contributions , in which employees could take a subsidy from their employer to buy their own insurance .
Among the proposed items that could raise the cost of sponsoring a health - care insurance plan are $ 500 billion in cuts to the Medicare budget and taxes on prescription - drug manufacturers , both of which are likely to create more cost - shifting to plan sponsors .
Under one version of the bill , plan sponsors could also be subject to state - by - state inspections of their benefits administration .
Meanwhile , employers that offer more than $ 8,500 worth of benefits to individuals or $ 23,000 to families would be taxed at 40 % for the overage .
Hatfield says about 11 % of Sibson clients would exceed those thresholds now , and many more are likely to in the future , since the threshold increases , as currently envisioned , would not match historical annual increases in health - care costs .
Santos says he knows employees are worried about losing their current coverage and would much prefer to continue it , but that it will be hard to justify turning down the $ 8 million the company could save , net of lost tax deductions .
One compromise , he says , may be to keep the clinic open at a cost of approximately $ 2 million a year , thereby continuing the primary - care coverage and , he hopes , defraying some insurance costs for employees .
But still , he would rather see incentives in the form of tax deductions or some other vehicle to make it economically feasible to continue the model the company has been using .
" We believe our model is one that can so easily be replicated among other employers or groups of employers .
If you have 500 employees , you can negotiate very favorable discounts with hospitals and specialists , " says Santos .
" If the government would [ provide an ] incentive [ for ] that , there could be some real cost - saving opportunities .
Instead , they are doing just the opposite . "
Some thoughts : •
By running an in - house clinic , negotiating with outside providers for cost - effective specialist care , and insisting that employees take care of themselves , Rosen Hotels is able to provide accessible health care for a fraction of what the U.S. now spends per capita .
In a rational world , this plan would serve as a model to be emulated .
•
But instead of making such plans part of a menu that includes health savings accounts , tax breaks for individual insurance , etc. , the federal government takes over and centralizes the entire health care industry .
Bad move , which a cynic might conclude is motivated more by a thirst for power than concern for the welfare of citizens .
•
The cost estimates for the soon - to - be- enacted national health care plan assume that employers will pick up a big part of the tab by continuing to insure their employees .
But based on the above that ’s not likely .
If the cost of not offering insurance is one - fourth the cost of offering it , then a business owner would be crazy keep their current plan .
•
So the first unintended consequence of this latest expansion of government power will be vastly higher costs , as more people than expected end up in the public plan .
That means higher deficits , more borrowing , and a faster descent on the slope that leads to the destruction of the dollar .
dollarcollapse.com
Facebook 's privacy pullback is n't just outrageous ; it 's a landmark turning point for the social network .
Facebook has blundered before , but the latest changes are far more calculated .
The company has , in short , turned evil .
Its new privacy policy have turned the social network inside out : millions of people have signed up because Facebook offers a sense of safety .
For the last five years — as long as you 're relatively careful about who you accept as your friends — what you do and say on Facebook for the most part stays on Facebook .
Katie Couric 's daughter first posted pictures of her famous mom dancing silly in 2006 , but it took three years for them to leak to us .
( Thank you tipsters ! )
But virtually overnight and without a clear warning , Facebook has completely reversed those user expectations .
Their new privacy settings amount to making anything you post on Facebook to be public , unless you go to great lengths to keep your info private .
The most insidious part of Facebook 's scheme to expose user data has been how the company framed them , claiming to want to enhance privacy .
In an open letter to his 350 million + users , CEO Mark Zuckerberg claimed he believed the old privacy framework was " no longer the best way for you to control your privacy , " and that the new system would give people " even more control of their information . "
It would be " simpler " and finer - grained .
But when the system came out a week later , it actually gave less , not more , control over information .
Gone was the ability to hide your friends list , profile pictures , fan pages and network membership from all strangers ;
Facebook 's new , formal privacy policy explicitly made this information public ( despite the ability to keep some of it , like the friends list , off your profile page ) .
Meanwhile , the social network is pushing users hard to share their personal content with strangers .
Users are being forced to update their privacy settings , with most default choices set to " Everyone " in the world or " friends of friends . "
Facebook 's business rationale here is clear .
Rival Silicon Valley startup
Twitter has grown extremely quickly in the last few years , almost entirely on the back of public content — from celebrities , people 's friends and users ' professional colleagues .
That has brought traffic , money from search engines and a $ 1 billion valuation .
Facebook wants in on that kind of growth , and more public content means more traffic .
But Facebook has historically been one of the most private of the social networks , functioning as a sort of safe alcove amid the chaos of MySpace and Friendster .
" Privacy is a big reason Facebook users are so loyal , " BusinessWeek 's Sarah Lacy wrote in 2006 ( via Big Money ) .
So Facebook needed to give users a big shove to put its business plan into play .
As startup founder Jason Calacanis puts it ,
Facebook is trying to dupe hundreds of millions of users they 've spent years attracting into exposing their data for Facebook 's personal gain : pageviews .
Yes , Facebook is tricking us into exposing all our items so that those personal items get indexed in search engines–including Facebook 's–in order to drive more traffic to Facebook .
But it 's not just that Facebook is tricking its users ; it 's betraying them .
It did so when it literally communalized private friend lists that people spent years accumulating , without which their accounts would be useless .
It did so when it mislead them by saying it wanted to enhance their privacy , when the real goal was growth and profit .
And it continues to do so every day it does not respond to the loud fedback of its users ( and the implicit feedback of its own CEO ) .
And people increasingly know they 've been betrayed .
This past weekend , journalist Dan Gillmor publicly deleted his Facebook account .
Heidi Moore at Slate 's Big Money temporarily deactivated her account as a " conscientious objection . "
And look at the big - name tech journalists weighing in on all the shock and outrage on Facebook critic Calacanis ' " Wall " ( click to enlarge ) :
Facebook has been through embarrassing privacy snafus before , like the intrusive " Beacon " advertising system , which the company eventually abandoned .
But this one was so pre-meditated , so pre-processed and so condescendingly hyped and spun in advance .
It 's obvious that Facebook is making a calculation , one that , for users , involved a lot more subtraction than addition .
Barring mass defections , the difference will drop straight to Facebook 's bottom line .
UPDATE : Our other coverage :
The Facebook Privacy Settings You 've Lost Forever , Dec. 16
The Valleywag Guide to Restoring Your Privacy on Facebook , Dec. 15
Facebook CEO 's Private Photos Exposed by the New ' Open ' Facebook , Dec. 11
( Top pic : Zuckerberg , by Josh Lowensohn )
In this video a Danish mother talks about her one - night stand with a foreign tourist .
" We met one and half years ago when you were on vacation here .
We went back to my house and we ended up having sex , " says Karen .
It looks real , but Karen is a fictional character played by an actor .
The video was produced by VisitDenmark – a tax funded tourist organization .
Why would a tourist agency produce such a video ?
In Politiken , Dorte Kiilerich , CEO of VisitDenmark explains :
Karen 's story shows that Denmark is a free place with space for you to be who you want .
The film is good exposure for Danish self - sufficient and dignified women .
Politeken asked Ms. Kiilerich : " Why have you chosen to market Denmark as a country with drunk women who have unprotected sex with random tourists ? "
Kiilerich 's answer :
" That is not a story that I recognize .
We 're telling a nice and sweet story about a modern responsible woman , that lives in a free society and takes responsibility for her choices .
And she uses a modern and social media . "
Danish women as tourist attractions
( This all went down a few months ago , but I just read about it on Sociological Images )
Washington state Representative Jamie Pedersen introduced legislation that would protect same sex married couples under Washington 's domestic partnership law .
Under the law approved by voters last November , registered same sex domestic partners from other states like California and Oregon are protected while in Washington .
However , same sex married coupes are not protected .
Consider the potential legal ramifications for a married lesbian couple from San Francisco who flies to Seattle for a weekend get away .
If one of them is injured in a freak Pike 's Place Market accident by getting whacked in the head by a flying salmon and has to go the emergency room , her spouse would have absolutely no right to visit her loved one in the hospital while she recovered from her fishy injury .
That just stinks .
Police said the demonstration in the capital on Sunday was unauthorised
Climate change groups have criticised Danish police for using heavy - handed tactics after they detained 968 people at a rally near the Copenhagen summit .
Mel Evans from Climate Justice Action told the BBC protesters were held for hours in freezing conditions without medical attention , water or toilets .
Police say almost all of those detained on Saturday have now been released .
But another march pressing for action on global warming near the harbour on Sunday saw dozens more people arrested .
Riot police stopped the unauthorised demonstration outside the Oesterport station and carried out security checks on participants .
Police spokesman Flemming Steen Munch told the Associated Press that bolt - cutters and gas masks had been found inside a lorry at the front of the march , and that 200 activists had been detained .
' Cautiously optimistic '
Meanwhile , environment ministers have been arriving to join other delegates at the UN summit , which runs for another week .
More than 40 ministers are attending informal talks at Denmark 's foreign ministry .
Documents prepared by leaders of the conference call on developed nations to cut greenhouse gas emissions by between 25 % and 45 % of 1990 levels by 2020 .
US - LED COPENHAGEN DEAL
No reference to legally binding agreement
Recognises the need to limit global temperatures rising no more than 2C above pre-industrial levels
Developed countries to " set a goal of mobilising jointly $ 100 bn a year by 2020 to address the needs of developing countries "
On transparency : Emerging nations monitor own efforts and report to UN every two years .
Some international checks
No detailed framework on carbon markets - " various approaches " will be pursued On Saturday , the EU joined the US in criticising a draft agreement that says developing nations will only reduce their emissions if they receive financial help .
The EU has offered developing nations a 7.2bn-euro ( £ 6.5 bn ; $ 10.6 bn ) three - year deal .
" There has been a growing understanding that there must be commitments to actions by emerging economies as well , " said Swedish Environment Minister Andreas Carlgren , whose country holds the EU 's rotating presidency .
The exact target for limiting temperature rise is unclear amid disputes between various blocs .
The UN - sponsored Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Changes ( IPCC ) wants to keep the rise to below 2C ( 3.6 F ) above pre-industrial levels .
Speaking on arrival in Copenhagen , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said he was " cautiously optimistic " about the outcome of the summit .
The fact that " ministers and heads of state are gathering is a good indication that some important messages will be sent to everybody " , he told the AFP news agency .
' Breakdown of democracy '
Police said about 30,000 people took part in Saturday 's demonstration in the Danish capital , although organisers put the number at 100,000 .
Many chanted and carried banners reading " Demand climate justice " , " The world wants a real deal " and " There is no Planet B " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The protest was mainly peaceful , but some protesters threw bricks and smashed windows in the city centre , while others set off fireworks .
Large numbers of mainly young people were later detained .
TV pictures showed the police putting the demonstrators in seated lines on the street with their hands tied behind their backs .
They were later removed on buses .
Ms Evans said the actions of the police were appalling .
" People were very scared and they were held for about four hours on the ground .
They were n't able to have any medical attention , any water , and were n't allowed to have any toilet facilities , " she told BBC Five Live .
" People were there in freezing conditions urinating on themselves and being held in lines like , essentially like animals . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In pictures : Climate protests
Send us your comments
The World Development Movement 's director , Deborah Doane , condemned the authorities for what she said was a " complete violation of the right to protest and a step towards the breakdown of democracy " .
In a statement , Copenhagen police said a large group of protesters had organised themselves in a so - called " black bloc " , in which they put on masks - an illegal action at a demonstration in Denmark .
Officers then decided to " seal off " the group from the march .
The force said the large number of arrests had " produced a huge amount of pressure " on officers responsible for transporting , receiving and registering detainees .
" This [ meant ] a large number of detainees got to sit disproportionately long on the street before transportation was possible .
Copenhagen Police will evaluate if there is an opportunity for a faster way of transporting detainees away from the scene in the future , " it added .
On Sunday , police said only 13 of the people detained remained in custody , three of whom - two Danes and a Frenchman - would soon appear in court on preliminary charges of fighting with police , according to the Associated Press news agency .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A webpage that uses CSS styles does not render correctly in Internet Explorer
03/03/2020
2 minutes to read
In this article
This article provides steps to help describing the issue that a CSS styles webpage does not render correctly in Internet Explorer .
Original product version : Internet Explorer
Original KB number : 262161
Symptoms
Styles on a webpage are missing or look incorrect when the page loads in Internet Explorer .
Note
This problem can occur whether the webpage uses an inline style sheet or points to a cascading style sheet .
You may also receive the following error message :
The page you are looking for might have been moved or had its name changed .
Cause
This problem occurs because the following conditions are true in Internet Explorer :
All style tags after the first 31 style tags are not applied .
All style rules after the first 4,095 rules are not applied .
On pages that use the @import rule to continuously import external style sheets that import other style sheets , style sheets that are more than three levels deep are ignored .
More information
A network monitor tool may indicate that a TCP reset occurs when Internet Explorer is receiving the page that is experiencing the problem .
Internet Explorer then generates another POST request if the original request was a POST request .
Or , Internet Explorer may send a GET request instead .
This style tag limitation may also affect the viewing of .xml files by using .xsl files .
When the .xsl file has style tags embedded inside the document , you receive the following error message when you try to view the .xml file :
Internet Explorer could not open the Internet Site :
file://c:\aaa.xml
When you click OK , you receive the following error message :
The page cannot be displayed
The code sample that is provided in the Steps to reproduce the problem section dynamically creates style sheets and generates the following error message :
A Runtime Error has occurred .
Do you wish to Debug ?
Line : 8
Error : Invalid argument .
If the style sheets are not applied dynamically but are , instead , applied through < Style > tags or through .css files , the Invalid argument error message is not generated .
In this case , all style sheets after the thirty - first style sheet are ignored .
Steps to reproduce the problem
Paste the following code sample in an HTML page .
Run the code sample .
An error is generated after the thirty - first style tag is applied .
< html > < head > < script > function fnCreateStyleSheets ( ) { for ( i = 1 ; i <= 32 ; i++) { document.createStyleSheet ( ) StyleSheetCount.innerText = " Total Style Sheets = " + i } } </ script > </head > < body onLoad=" fnCreateStyleSheets ( ) " > < div id =" StyleSheetCount " ></div > </body > </html >
References
For more information , see the following Microsoft Developer Network ( MSDN ) websites :
AAAACCAAAASSAAB
CCCCCCSSAAAAAAB
CAAAAACASSAAAAB
CAAAAASCASAAAAB
CAAAAASSCAAAAAB
AAACAACAAASSAAB
ACAAAASACSAAAAB
ACAAAASSACAAAAB
AACAAASSAACAAAB
use strict ;
use warnings ;
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Program to determine all the possible valid closed loop train tracks
# possible using the Ikea Lillabo 20 - piece basic train set ( see
# http://www.ikea.com/gb/en/catalog/products/30064359 ) .
Note that
# although this is 20 - piece there are only actually 16 pieces of track
# ( the train itself is in four pieces ) .
#
# Written by John Graham - Cumming ( http://www.jgc.org/ )
#
# Released under the General Public License , version 2
#
# v1.0 - First public release
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Universal constant derived from 1 Kings 7:23 :-)
my $ PI = 3 .
1415927 ;
# The length of a single straight piece .
For the purposes of the
# program this is set at one but could be made into a real value if
# you wanted to output actual track lengths .
my $ unit = 1 ;
# The number of curved pieces that make a full circle .
Determined
# empirically .
And the angle of the segment determined by a single
# curved piece in a circle .
my $ curves_in_circle = 8 ;
my $ radians_in_curve = 2 * $ PI / $ curves_in_circle ;
# The 15 possible pieces : a straight edge ( which has $ unit length ) and
# is used as the measurement for everything else , a bridge ( which is
# twice the length of the straight edge ; it is actually supplied in
# two pieces but for the purposes of this program is considered to be
# a single piece ) and a curve ( using $ radians_in_curve above the
# length of the straight line between the ends of the curve is
# calculated ) .
#
# Each entry consists of three parts :
#
# length : the length in a straight line between the ends of the piece
# at its centre .
#
# angle : the angle ( in radians ) between the straight line through the
# piece and a tangent to the curve at the piece 's start .
This only
# applies to curved pieces where the straight line is the line joining
# its two endpoints .
#
# count : how many of these pieces are supplied .
#
# Note that curves can be placed in either a clockwise or
# anticlockwise direction .
The program detects this by looking at the
# angle .
If it 's non-zero then the piece has two orientations .
my % pieces = (
Bridge = > { length = > $ unit * 2 ,
angle = > 0 ,
count = > 1 } ,
Straight = > { length = > $ unit ,
angle = > 0 ,
count = > 2 } ,
# Here 's a curved piece , the angle a is $ radians_in_curve , the
# length l of a side is $ unit .
So length is the distance between
# the points labelled s and f .
Bisect the angle a you get a right
# angle triangle with hypotenuse of length $ unit and angle at the
# vertex of $ radians_in_curve /2 .
So the angle b is $ PI /2 -
# $ radians_in_curve /2.
By simple trigonometry the length is twice
# $ unit * cos( $ PI/2-$radians_in_curve /2 ) .
#
# s
# C
# . . C
# . b C
# l . . C
# . C
# . . C
# . a C
# . . . . . . . C
# o f
#
# To calculate the angle to the tangent at point s ( the angle c ) ,
# note that the angle formed by os and the tangent is a right angle
# ( since os comes from the centre of the circle ) .
So b+c is $ PI / 2
# but b is $ PI/2 - $ radians_in_curve / 2 and so c is
# $radians_in_curve /
2
#
# s
# .
# . . .
# . b c .
# l . . .
# . .
# . . .
# . a .
# . . . . . . . . . . .
# o f
#
Curve = > { length = > 2 * $ unit * cos ( $ PI / 2 - $ radians_in_curve / 2 ) ,
angle = > $ radians_in_curve / 2 ,
count = > 16 }
) ;
# This structure contains the position of the end of the current
# placed track ( the X and Y coordinates ) and the angle of the end of
# the piece of track in radians to the horizontal .
Initially this is
# defined as location ( 0,0 ) and with an angle of 0 .
#
# The goal will be to place pieces such that the cursor ends up at the
# %origin .
my %origin = (
angle = > 0 ,
x = > 0 ,
y = > 0
) ;
# Some basic test tracks to make sure that the code does what I
# expect .
This hash contains track layouts and the expected final
# position of the cursor for tests
my %tests = (
B = > { x = > 2 * $ unit , y = > 0 , angle = > 0 } ,
S = > { x = > $ unit , y = > 0 , angle = > 0 } ,
C = > { x = >
0 . 707 , y = > 0.293 , angle = > 0.785 } ,
A = > { x = >
0 . 707 , y = > - 0.293 , angle = > - 0.785 } ,
AA = > { x = > 1 , y = > - 1 , angle = > - 1.570 } ,
CC = > { x = > 1 , y = > 1 , angle = > 1.570 } ,
BSS = > { x = > 4 * $ unit , y = > 0 , angle = > 0 } ,
CCCC = > { x = >
0 , y = > 2 * $ unit , angle = > 0 } ,
AAAA = > { x = > 0 , y = > - 2 * $ unit , angle = > - 3.14 } ,
CCCCCCCC = > \ %origin ,
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC = > \ %origin ,
AAAAAAAA = > \ %origin ,
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA = > \ %origin ,
BCCCCCCSSAAAAAA = > \ %origin ,
CCCCSCCCCS = > \ %origin ,
CCCCACCACCCCACCA = > \ %origin
) ;
foreach my $t ( sort keys % tests ) {
my %ac = %origin ;
my @as = split ( '' , $t ) ;
build_track ( \ %ac , \ @as ) ;
if ( ! cursor_match ( \ %ac , $ tests { $t } ) ) {
die " Test $t failed : $ ac {x} $ ac {y} $ ac {angle}
" ;
}
}
# To avoid getting the same track in different directions we keep
# track of tracks that we 've found for testing .
The keys of this hash
# are the strings that describe the track layout ( e.g. CCCCCCSSAAAAAA
# without the bridge piece ) .
my % found ;
# Since there are only two interesting pieces of track ( curve and
# straight ) the algorithm for trying out all the combinations of
# pieces is broken into two parts .
The outer loop runs through all
# combinations of curved pieces joined together with each piece
# getting to go clockwise or anticlockwise .
This is done by
# generating all binary numbers between 0 and 2 ^ 12 - 1 ( i.e. all 12 bit
# binary numbers ) and using the bits to indicate whether a track piece
# goes clockwise ( a 0 ) or anticlockwise ( a 1 ) .
#
# To avoid seeing the same track twice in symmetrical layouts the
# curved pieces are constrained to always finish with an anticlockwise
# piece .
This is done by making the top bit in this loop be 0 by
# reducing the top number to 2^11 - 1
foreach my $ curve ( 0 . .2 ** ( $ pieces { Curve } { count } - 1 ) - 1 ) {
# Create an array containing the instructions for inserting
# pieces .
The array is alpha and has entries B , C , A and S. A means
# add curved piece anticlockwise , S means add straight piece , C
# means a curved piece clockwise and B a bridge .
This array will be
# fed into move_cursor to build the final track .
#
# The following piece of code uses the sprintf function to extract
# the bits from the $ curve value into an array and then transform a
# 0 bit to A and a 1 bit to C .
my @instructions = map { $ _ ? ' C ' : ' A' }
split ( '' , sprintf ( " % 0 $ p ieces{Curve}{count}b " , $ curve ) ) ;
# Then for each combination of curved pieces it 's just a question of
# inserting the straight pieces in all possible positions .
If there
# are 12 curved pieces then there are 13 possible places each
# straight piece can be inserted .
#
# To make it possible to modify the number of straight pieces the
# program does n't assume that there are only two ( which could just
# have been done with a pair of loops ) .
So an array is initialized
# that will contain the positions of the n straight pieces and it is
# used to create the combinations .
#
# The initial position of the straight pieces is 0 and then 0
# ( assuming just two ) indicating that they are inserted before the
# first curved piece .
my @straight ;
foreach my $ i ( 0 . . $ pieces { Straight } { count } - 1 ) {
$ straight [ $ i ] = 0 ;
}
# Now run through all the possible valid straight positions and
# insert them into the curved positions
while ( 1 ) {
my @in = @instructions ;
# Add the straight pieces to the list of ' instructions ' at the
# appropriate places and then place the pieces .
This creates a
# new array , @build , containing the track layout .
my @build ;
my $s = 0 ;
my $c = 0 ;
while ( ( $s < $ pieces { Straight } { count } ) | |
( $c < $ pieces { Curve } { count } ) ) {
if ( $s < $ pieces { Straight } { count } ) {
if ( $ straight [ $s ] = = $ c ) {
push @build , ( ' S ' ) ;
$s + = 1 ;
next ;
}
}
if ( $c < $ pieces { Curve } { count } ) {
push @build , ( $ in [ $ c ] ) ;
$c + = 1 ;
}
}
# Now add the bridge at end .
Since there 's only one bridge this
# simplification is made and it makes no difference to the outcome
# since all other combinations of straights and curves will be
# generated .
push @build , ( ' B ' ) ;
my %cursor = %origin ;
build_track ( \ %cursor , \ @build ) ;
# Finally see if this track layout results in a loop .
The test
# for this is simple : is the last piece ( represented by the
# %cursor ) at the %origin position and orientation ?
#
# If it matches in one direction then pop off the bridge , reverse
# the track , push back the bridge and try to rebuild .
This will
# eliminate tracks that do n't actually match up because the final
# piece approaches the bridge from the wrong direction .
if ( cursor_match ( \ % cursor , \ %origin ) ) {
pop @build ;
%cursor = %origin ;
my $ build1 = join ( '' , @build ) ;
@build = reverse @build ;
my $ build2 = join ( '' , @build ) ;
push @build , ( ' B ' ) ;
my $ build1a = $ build1 ;
$ build1a = ~ tr [ AC ] [ CA ] ;
my $ build2a = $ build2 ;
$ build2a = ~ tr [ AC ] [ CA ] ;
if ( ! exists ( $ found { $ build1 } ) ) {
build_track ( \ %cursor , \ @build ) ;
if ( cursor_match ( \ % cursor , \ %origin ) ) {
my $ build3 = undef ;
if ( $ build1 = ~ / ^ ( . * ) SS ( . * ) $ / ) {
$ build3 = join ( '' , reverse split ( '' , $ 1 ) ) .
' SS ' . join ( '' , reverse split ( '' , $ 2 ) ) ;
}
if ( ! defined ( $ build3 ) | |
! exists ( $ found { $ build3 } ) ) {
print @build , "
" ;
$ found { $ build1 } = 1 ;
$ found { $ build2 } = 1 ;
$ found { $ build1a } = 1 ;
$ found { $ build2a } = 1 ;
if ( defined ( $ build3 ) ) {
$ found { $ build3 } = 1 ;
}
}
}
}
}
# Move the straight pieces to their next positions , this is where
# the while loop will exit once all the positions have been tried .
foreach my $ i ( 0 . . $ pieces { Straight } { count } - 1 ) {
my $j = $ pieces { Straight } { count } - 1 - $ i ;
if ( $ straight [ $j ] < $ pieces { Curve } { count } ) {
$ straight [ $j ] + = 1 ;
last ;
} else {
$ straight [ $j ] = - 1 ;
}
}
foreach my $ i ( 1 . . $ pieces { Straight } { count } - 1 ) {
if ( $ straight [ $ i ] = = - 1 ) {
$ straight [ $ i ] = $ straight [ $ i - 1 ] ;
}
}
my $ terminate = 1 ;
foreach my $ i ( 0 . . $ pieces { Straight } { count } - 1 ) {
if ( $ straight [ $ i ] ! = $ pieces { Curve } { count } ) {
$ terminate = 0 ;
last ;
}
}
if ( $ terminate ) {
last ;
}
}
}
# Subroutine used to place a piece of track .
It updates a % cursor
# hash passed to it
sub move_cursor
{
my ( $ c , # Reference to the % cursor hash to be updated
$p , # Name of the piece be added
$h ) = @_ ; # Handedness for curved piece ( 1 or - 1 ) , omit if
# non-curved
if ( ! defined ( $ h ) ) {
$h = 0 ;
}
$c -> { x } + = $ pieces { $p } { length } * cos ( $ c -> { angle } +
$h * $ pieces { $p } { angle } ) ;
$c -> { y } += $ pieces {$p } {length } * sin ( $ c -> { angle } +
$h * $ pieces { $p } { angle } ) ;
if ( $h ! = 0 ) {
$c -> { angle } + = 2 * $h * $ pieces { $p } { angle } ;
}
}
# Subroutine to build an entire track from a list of track pieces
# ( with single character identifiers )
sub build_track
{
my ( $ c , # Reference to the % cursor to update
$ in ) = @_ ; # Reference to the list of build instructions
# This maps the characters in the @$in array into piece names and
# handedness ( for the curved pieces ) .
Note that direction is
# missing for the straight pieces and the undefined value is used in
# the following loop and passed to move_cursor for those
# pieces .
move_cursor knows how to deal with this .
my %m = (
' A' = > { piece = > ' Curve ' , direction = > - 1 } ,
' B' = > { piece = > ' Bridge ' } ,
' C' = > { piece = > ' Curve ' , direction = > 1 } ,
' S' = > { piece = > ' Straight ' } ) ;
foreach my $ i ( @$in ) {
move_cursor ( $ c , $m { $ i } { piece } , $ m { $ i } { direction } ) ;
}
}
# Determine whether two cursors represent the same position and
# orientation .
Return 1 if so , 0 otherwise .
sub cursor_match
{
my ( $ c , $d ) = @_ ; # References to two % cursor hashes
my $ dx = round ( $ $c { x } - $ $d { x } ) ;
my $ dy = round ( $ $c { y } - $ $ d{y } ) ;
my $ da = round ( ( $ $ c{angle } - $ $d { angle } ) / $ PI ) ;
$ da - = int ( $ da ) ;
return ( ( $ dx = = 0 ) & &
( $ dy = = 0 ) & &
( $ da = = 0 ) ) ;
}
# Perform rounding on a number to two decimal places
sub round
{
my ( $ a ) = @_ ;
return int ( $ a * 100 + 0 . 5 * ( $ a <=> 0 ) ) / 100 ;
}
Dear John
Thank you for sharing our passion for childrens products .
It is very good for us to get input like this .
I will forward your idea to the product developer who is responsible for our toys and maybe this improvements will be something for us to concider .
Thanks again for taking your time to give us feed back .
Best regards
Maria
Thörn
Range manager childrens IKEA
As further proof of my unsuitability to be a child minder ( see previous post ) I found myself playing with an Ikea LILLABO 20 - piece basic set train
The train set has 16 pieces of track ( 12 curves , two straight pieces and a two part bridge ) and 4 pieces of train .
What I wondered was ... how many possible looping train tracks can be made using all 16 pieces ?
The answer is ...
9 . Here 's a picture of the 9 different layouts .
The picture was generated using a little program written in Processing .
The bridge is red , the straight pieces are green and the curves are blue or magenta depending on whether they are oriented clockwise or anticlockwise .
The curved pieces can be oriented in either way .
To generate those layouts I wrote a small program which runs through all the possible layouts and determines which form a loop .
The program eliminates duplicate layouts ( such as those that are mirror images of each other ) .
It outputs a list of instructions for building loops .
These instructions contain 15 characters C ( clockwise curve ) , A ( anticlockwise curve ) , S ( straight piece ) and B ( the entire bridge ) .
Here are the building instructions for all the shapes in the picture above :
PS
You can actually create more possible layouts than these because the Ikea pieces have a lot of play in them and can be abused to form other shapes .
But where 's the fun in that ?
PPS Ikea can actually double the fun by adding just two more pieces .
If they added two more curved pieces the number of possible tracks doubles to 18 .
If they added four curved pieces then the number of possible tracks goes to 130 .
PPPS
Here 's the codePPPS
Here 's how I determined that a full circle was made up of eight curved pieces with a radius of one straight piece : I received a message from Ikea about this :
Labels : pseudo - randomness
Update at bottom : Dem Congressman tears into Geithner : ‘ It makes me doubt your commitment to the American people ’ ; NY Times notes “ liberals and conservatives alike , took turns hectoring ”
WASHINGTON — US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner told lawmakers Wednesday he acted properly in the 2008 bailout of AIG and the subsequent disclosure of payouts from the insurance giant to major banks .
ADVERTISEMENT
Geithner , facing increasing heat over his role in the bailout when he was president of the New York Federal Reserve , said the actions were aimed at financial stability and that authorities “ did not act to help foreign banks . ”
“ Congress granted the Federal Reserve emergency authority precisely so that the government had some capacity to act to contain a systemic financial crisis , ” he said in testimony prepared for delivery to a congressional panel .
“ Not to have used that authority at that time would have been deeply irresponsible . ”
Geithner also maintained that he was not involved in a decision to withhold information about AIG ’s payouts that some have called a “ backdoor bailout ” of those firms including Goldman Sachs and a number of foreign banks .
“ I had no role in making decisions regarding what to disclose about the specific financial terms of … payments to AIGs counterparties , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Overall , Geithner offered an impassioned defense of the role of the central bank and other authorities to resscue AIG in the face of what appeared to be a financial system meltdown in September 2008 .
“ We did not act because AIG asked for assistance , ” he said .
“ We did not act to protect the financial interests of individual institutions .
We did not act to help foreign banks .
We acted because the consequences of AIG failing at that time , in those circumstances , would have been catastrophic for our economy and for American families and businesses . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Geithner ’s remarks were prepared for delivery to the House of Representatives Government Oversight Committee on his role — when he was president of the New York Federal Reserve — in the controversial AIG bailout .
The Fed provided a loan of 85 billion dollars to AIG in September 2008 in what would be the first portion of a staggering bailout worth some 180 billion dollars .
ADVERTISEMENT
Fed chairman Ben Bernanke , who has also taken heat over AIG and his economic stewardship , has welcomed congressional efforts to look into the AIG bailout .
As the New York Times reports , “ Throughout the morning , Mr. Geithner tried to persuade lawmakers that the government acted ‘ in the best interests of the American people , ’ and not in the interests of big banks , in particular , as many lawmakers asserted , Goldman Sachs .
Mr. Geithner , while keeping his composure throughout the questions , was also forceful in defending his position . ”
“ I think the commitment to Goldman Sachs trumped the responsibility that our officials had to the American people , ” Representative Stephen F. Lynch , Democrat of Massachusetts , told Mr. Geithner .
His voice rising , his finger pointed at Mr. Geithner , Mr. Lynch told Mr. Geithner : “ It stinks to the high heavens what happened here .
I do n’t like the obfuscation .
And to top it all off , the disclosure was not there . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Lynch said , “ It makes me doubt your commitment to the American people . ”
The Times adds , “ Members of both parties , liberals and conservatives alike , took turns hectoring Mr. Geithner .
At times , the hearing took on a scolding , even berating , tone . ”
The following video was posted to YouTube by The Financial Dope blog :
I 'm not entirely sure if this is the right place to ask this , but since the hi score post is stickied in this forum , it made sense to me .
I am looking for a way to covert the .hi files that are generated with the hiscore .
dat file into text readable values , such as " NLA , 10000 , DEW , 7900 " .
I 've tried doing the conversion myself however I am not versed enough in C to really understand how this data is being written to the .hi file .
I 'm reading in the file as byte values , but after that I 'm having no luck , I 'm hoping someone here has , and knows how to parse these files externally .
My reasoning for this , is I 'd like to create a little app that would parse these scores and submit them to a webserver I have ,
so my friends and I with MAME could compete against each others scores without sharing a copy of these .hi files .
BadBoyBill - Incorporated HiToText into Hyperspin .
bLAZER - Decoded many games for XML format .
games for XML format .
Cananas - Found Mr. Driller score table ; updated the hiscore .dat and decoded many games .
A HUGE HiToText contributor .
games .
A HUGE HiToText contributor .
chillinmame - Supports the HiToText genre wheel for HyperSpin on every HiToText update
dna disturber - Deciphered many games , updated the hiscore .dat .
A HUGE HiToText contributor .
games , updated the hiscore .dat .
A HUGE HiToText contributor .
headkaze - Created much of the basic structure and very good at guiding me in the right direction .
Also integrated HiToText into CPWizard .
NOP - Decoded many .hi files and really helped motivate me to continue this project .
redhorse - Deciphered R- Type , and Slap Fight .
RetroBorg - Decoded .hi formats for Juno First , Berzerk , and River Patrol .
Tom Speirs - Incorporated HiToText into GameEx .
Wob - Deciphered many games .
games .
Zallax - Deciphered U.N. Squadron , Tron , and Discs of Tron
And to all the testers , thanks for finding the bugs .
Download links :
Use the hiscore . dat - astic for the most up - to - date hiscore .
dat file :
The source is now no longer downloadable , it can be accessed through Sourceforge SVN .
Instructions can be found here Cananas has written up some documentation that is much easier to understand than my rambling posts when implementing an XML entry ( They are only a little outdated , the majority of the information is in these documents .
See my supplemental posts or the what 's new from 4 - 28 - 2010 onward ) :
HiToText is a command line app that allows you to convert .hi files to text and spits it to stdout .
The current version of the hiscore . dat file we 're using to generate the .hi files that we are deciphering is also attached .
I 'm attaching it mostly so we can ensure that the .hi files being used are the same , and if we decide to add some games that are n't currently supported .
( Monster Farm Jump anyone ?
However , we need help deciphering individual games ' hi scores in memory before these can ever be complete .
To decipher a game 's memory , start by opening the .hi file for a game in a hex editor such as WinHex , and try and determine how the scores are stored for the game .
You can look at NOPs posts below to see a good example of how to explain the game 's memory format here so we can convert the explanation into code .
Every game can be different , so it 's going to take a lot of work , and we 'll need help from more than one or two people , so if you want to share your hi scores with all of your friends for your favorite game , do us a favor and decipher it , and we 'll include it for you .
Below is a list of games we 've currently deciphered .
I 'm sure more people would like to help if they thought they could , and while recruiting my non-technical brother , I realized I should explain what he does to help me get some of these games decoded just a little bit faster .
Basically , I 'm getting pretty good at actually decoding the .hi files .
Games like Road Runner ( Atari ) would be difficult if I had n't already put the time in on Marble Madness which use the same space saving score and name coding .
Because of this , more of my time getting a game into HiToText is usually ensuring that all the possible characters allowed in the name of the hiscore are taken into consideration .
So I 'm regularly beating hi scores and putting my name as : " , .- " to see what these characters map out to .
What I 've got my brother doing , is beating hi scores , and using every possible character that the game allows , taking a screenshot of all the high scores , and e-mailing those screenshots and the .hi file to me , so I can spend more of my time programming and decoding the .hi file .
One important note about this , I never need all the alpha- numeric scores , usually just " ABZ " , " abz " , and " 019 " , as every game so far has a pattern for these characters , that make needing " CDE " and so on pretty pointless .
For something like Captain America and the Avengers , the game only stores 5 scores at a time , but has a lot of characters that could not be on the same hiscore table at the same time , so my brother took multiple screenshots , and made copies of the captaven .
hi file for those screenshots and sent me an e-mail with this information , deleted the old captaven .
hi file and started again with the characters that would n't fit in the first hiscore table , I ended up with 4 different captaven .
hi files , but was able to capture every possible character allowed with the screenshots .
I 'm hoping that some of you that have games you 'd like to see decoded would be willing to upload their hiscore screenshots , and .hi OR .nv files to this post .
Please zip them up as this board does not actually accept .nv or .hi extensions , and converting these to . txt corrupt them .
A
Google spreadsheet is listed here that shows information about what games are deciphered , what games people are working on , and what games we need help with to decipher .
If you 'd like to have access to edit this spreadsheet , as you 'd like to do work without someone duplicating it , or have information about a particularly difficult game to decipher , please post here or e-mail me and I will give you access to modify the spreadsheet .
Original post : People I 'd like to thank for helping this project ( alphabetical order ) :
Based in Sydney Australia Misa Digital has created a string - less digital guitar .
Their aim was to create a simple and effective instrument with a minimalistic interface and configurable sound module end .
There are no strings on this guitar and your right hand does n’t pluck , it controls sound .
Check out the video of it in action after the jump .
The digital guitar is created using Linux Gentoo 2.6.31 and a MIDI controller .
The digital Guitar needs to be plugged into a MIDI compatible sound module but the sounds it creates are only limited by the device it ’s plugged into .
You can find out more about the Misa Digital Guitar at their website .
Unfortunately there is no information on availability or prices at the moment .
Via Coolest Gadgets Via Techeblog
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Who is Barack Obama ?
The president - elect 's character is hiding in plain sight .
By Daniel Larison , November 4 , 2008
Why Obama Looks Like a One Termer by James Pethokoukis , November 11 , 2008
I 'm afraid both articles above may be spot - on to the point of being prophetic .
If so , an awful lot of Obama voters will be badly disappointed by 2012 .
Hopefully President - elect Obama is determined to truly lead America out of its current malaise , and into a dazzling new future .
And thereby help prove the worth of America 's diversity to a nation which in recent decades has seemed at times to question its faith in the notion .
I heard that President - elect Obama was reading some of the writings of Abraham Lincoln after his election win .
I hope he reads a lot of the writings of reverend Martin Luther King , Jr. , too .
And at times will contemplate what advice he believes King himself would give him , if he could .
Surely everyone would agree that Obama must seek some wiggle room in both financial matters and media coverage right from the start , in order to have his best shot at successfully transforming the country -- as well as save it from economic ruin .
Two things I believe Obama MUST do -- and as soon as possible -- are ( one ) get some robust and expanded version of the Fairness Doctrine back into place for mainstream media , and ( two ) begin a massive cut - back in military , intelligence , and security spending , just to deal with the debt built up by Bush BEFORE the financial crisis broke , and gain some much - needed maneuvering room on financial matters .
Substantially increasing taxes on the rich and corporations like we did during the crisis of World War II might help solve various other problems , and pay for some modest changes and new programs elsewhere .
But even with those two major moves , we may still need some good luck as well to see America completely out of recession and enjoying robust growth again by the end of Obama 's first term .
I believe the success of Obama 's first term will hinge upon his accomplishing these two things immediately -- the revival and expansion of the Fairness doctrine , and the military cuts -- first and second respectively , for maximum benefit .
Otherwise every progressive thing he tries may be killed or crippled in the court of misguided public opinion , and America will simply run out of money in its attempt to recover from the mess brought about by the Republicans .
And by ' robust and expanded ' Fairness Doctrine , I mean something with teeth which will legally prohibit lies being presented as news by the mainstream media , as well as ban lies in political advertising from any source being presented through mainstream media .
Similar measures should apply to anything being categorized as educational or documentary in nature , and presented to the public through mainstream media or educational institutions .
And yes , such changes would essentially put out of business entirely any major political party which heavily depends upon lies to win elections .
Think about it : would n't that be wonderful ?
For we the voters I mean .
For many corrupt and unethical politicians ( and their rich puppeteers ) though , it'd be a nightmare .
Unfortunately , so far as I know Obama has stated little interest in bringing back some form of the Fairness doctrine , and actually indicated he may BOOST military spending rather than cut it ( !)
So I 'm not very optimistic at the moment for his chances at being a successful President ...
More links relevant to this topic ...
Cold War Hawks Hovering Around Obama
Why are Obama 's closest advisers inveterate hawks who needlessly provoked tension with the Russians during the Cold War ?
By Robert Scheer , Truthdig .
Posted November 12 , 2008 .
On What The Presidency Requires by Malooga ; November 11 , 2008
Obama thinking big , despite crisis ; Agence France - Presse ; November 16 , 2008
Forget Red vs. Blue --
It 's the Educated vs. People Easily Fooled by Propaganda Millions of Americans live in a non-reality - based belief system informed by childish clichés - they can barely differentiate between lies and truth .
By Chris Hedges , Truthdig .
Posted November 12 , 2008 .
" In terms of how the press has treated the last two new presidents , there 's the Democratic model ( i.e. overly hostile ) , and the Republican model ( overly docile ) . "
-- Covering new presidents : the media 's double standard by Eric Boehlert ; Nov 19 , 2008
Senator : New Media Makes it Difficult to Impose Fairness Doctrine Kurt Nimmo ; November 12 , 2008
MY RESPONSE :
Why should it be any more difficult to create and enforce a robust fairness doctrine for mainstream media ( say , media sources which reach a certain threshold number of viewers or consumers ) than it is to create and enforce the incredibly complex US income tax system ?
Force media to plainly differentiate between news and opinion and gossip / rumor .
Make them legally liable for lying about what 's fact and what 's not .
Force them to make public corrections when they err , and make those notices suitably high profile in nature -- in some manner proportional to the original error made .
For instance , a mistake in a newspaper headline should be addressed in another headline -- not buried in fine print somewhere in the back of the paper .
Also force all such errors to be added to an easily found running compilation on the web site of such entities possessing an online presence .
Do n't allow major media sources to label a show a " news " show unless it 's factual .
Likewise on labeling a network a " news " channel .
Did n't we already make one pass like this for truth in commercial advertising , decades ago ?
Did n't we learn a few new tricks from that experience ?
There 's probably tons of media studies and analyses of that move which could be examined today to help in formulating a new fairness doctrine and more .
END RESPONSE .
" The U.S. might really have to look at a default on the bankruptcy reorganization of the present financial system " and the bankruptcy of the government is not out of the realm of possibility , Hennecke said .
" In the United States there is already a funding crisis , and they will have to sell a lot more bonds next year to fund the bailout packages that have already been signed off , " Hennecke told CNBC .
In order to solve or stem the economic slowdown , Hennecke suggested the US would have to radically reduce spending across all sectors and recall all its troops from around the world . "
-- US May Lose Its ' AAA ' Rating CNBC.com | 10 Nov 2008
737 U.S. Military Bases = Global Empire
With more than 2,500,000 U.S. personnel serving across the planet and military bases spread across each continent , it 's time to face up to the fact that our American democracy has spawned a global empire .
By Chalmers Johnson , Metropolitan Books .
Posted February 19 , 2007 .
" Pentagon insiders and defense budget specialists say the Pentagon has been on a largely unchecked spending spree since 2001 that will prove politically difficult to curtail but nevertheless must be reined in . "
-- Pentagon board says cuts essential Tells Obama to slash large weapons programs
Yes We Can Cut the Defense Budget : Why it 's Time to Stop the Military Spending Spree Our current military budget is almost equal to all of the rest of the world 's defense budgets combined .
This is unsustainable .
By Katrina vanden Heuvel , The Nation .
Posted November 19 , 2008 .
Johann Hari : Obama 's chance to end the fantasy that is Star Wars The US has spent $ 160 bn – only to increase the danger to itself and the rest of us ; 13 November 2008
The Seven Deadly Deficits
What the Bush years really cost us , and how President Obama can get the economy back on track .
By Joseph E. Stiglitz ; November / December 2008 Issue
BACK to Newz& Viewz ...
About the author
( NewsTarget )
As cow 's milk becomes more and more processed throughout the years , many people find that they are lactose - intolerant or allergic to milk .
Coconut milk is a nutritious and delicious substitute for cow 's milk .
Complementing the flavors of pineapple , peach , mango , or Acidophilous - enriched yogurt , coconut milk not only tastes great in a smoothie , but coconut nutrition also has benefits that do n't get a lot of publicity .
Coconut milk is high in saturated fat , nearly 25 grams ( 225 calories ) in half a cup , but the fat in coconut milk is healthy fat .
The fatty acids in coconut milk are of the medium chain triacylglycerol or MCT type .
The distinguishing feature of MCTs so important to coconut nutrition is that they are burned faster than other types of fatty acids .
They are especially beneficial for providing energy for the lymph nodes , liver , and fat cells themselves .
( Even fat cells need energy . )
MCTs are absorbed only by the older , more highly differentiated fat cells , rather than fat cells formed after exposure to certain medications ( such as the diabetes drugs Actos and Avandia ) .
Once inside the cell , they form smaller droplets that are more easily joined by enzymes and more quickly converted into energy by the cell .
MCTs are less " fattening " than other kinds of fatty acids .
Coconut milk , like the " meat " of the coconut , is rich in coconut oil .
Virgin coconut oil is 50 to 55 percent lauric acid .
This fatty acid stops microbial growth .
As a result , foods prepared with coconut milk or coconut oil last longer .
Coconut oil stays fresh at room temperature for up to a year .
Although too much of a good thing is possible with coconut nutrition as it is with any food , moderate amounts of coconut oil from coconut milk stimulate thyroid function and encourage weight loss , so much that Asian farmers avoid feeding coconut to farm animals they want to fatten up .
Using coconut oil in moderate amounts , up to about 2 tablespoons ( 30 ml ) a day , in place of other oils , may help you lose weight ( about 1 pound or half a kilo a month ) even if you eat the same portions of other foods .
You can get the same result from using 1 / 4 cup of coconut milk a day in your smoothies .
The lauric acid in coconut milk is also an effective antibacterial against the principle bacterium involved in acne , Propioniobacterium acnes .
The lauric acid survives digestion , enters the bloodstream , and is attracted to the sebum created in pores of the skin .
Dissolving in the sebum , it may slow down the growth of the acne bacteria that feed on excess sebum ( not so much that they cannot do their job of " clean up , " but enough that they are less likely to multiply out of control and form byproducts that inflame pores ) .
A little of the unsweetened coconut milk goes a long way .
You probably do n't want more than one cup of coconut milk in a two - cup smoothie .
Store unused coconut milk in a glass container in the refrigerator or freezer .
Or just use all the coconut milk at once to make an extra smoothie for a friend .
If you are allergic to coconut , you are not necessarily allergic to coconut milk , although you might want to try just a very tiny amount of coconut milk first before you try an entire smoothie .
You will want to avoid coconut milk altogether if you have ever had an anaphylactic reaction to coconut or coconut oil Selected references : Gopikrishna V , Baweja PS , Venkateshbabu N , Thomas T , Kandaswamy D. Comparison of coconut water , propolis , HBSS , and milk on PDL cell survival .
J Endod .
2008 May;34(5) :587-9 . Epub 2008 Mar 19.van der Hee RM , Miret S , Slettenaar M , Duchateau GS , Rietveld AG , Wilkinson JE , Quail PJ , Berry MJ , Dainty JR , Teucher B , Fairweather - Tait SJ .
Calcium absorption from fortified ice cream formulations compared with calcium absorption from milk .
J Am Diet Assoc. 2009 May ; 109 ( 5) :830-5. Yang D , Pornpattananangkul D , Nakatsuji T , Chan M , Carson D , Huang CM , Zhang L.
The antimicrobial activity of liposomal lauric acids against Propionibacterium acnes .
Biomaterials .
2009 Oct;30(30 ) :6035 - 40 . Epub 2009 Aug 8 .DaNae desires for you to absorb accurate information on how to easily take care of your family 's nutritional needs .
As a mother of two young boys , she knows how important it is to incorporate nutrition into a busy schedule .
Visit www.smoothie-handbook.com/free-smoothie-reci... to receive her free Smoothie Handbook Ebook that is packed with fruit smoothie recipes green smoothie recipes , and even chocolate smoothie recipes !
You can also stay up - to - date on top secret tips on smoothie recipes
Her website contains many different ways for your family to blend in a well - balanced diet in this non -stop world .
Look at these bullets .
They 're rubbery , less lethal , " almost incapable of penetrating the body , " and happen to resemble Koosh balls — a popular toy .
Getting shot with these must be fun .
Advertisement
I 'm kidding .
I do n't really think getting shot by anything would be fun , but it 's really difficult to believe that " [ t ] his may be the most intelligent way to defend your family against home intruders . "
Especially when the " WARNING : Keep out of reach of children " is distracting me .
Either way , rubber projectiles like these have been used by law enforcement agencies for ages , but now they 're available to consumers .
I 'm not entirely sure that 's a good thing .
[ Wired ]
The 16 - 24 age group has been dubbed " digital natives " A survey of 16 to 24 year olds has found that 75 % of them feel they " could n't live " without the internet .
The report , published by online charity YouthNet , also found that four out of five young people used the web to look for advice .
About one third added that they felt no need to talk to a person face to face about their problems because of the resources available online .
The findings were unveiled at the Houses of Parliament on Wednesday .
Despite high - profile examples of internet security breaches , such as the recent incident of phishing email scams , 76 % of the survey group thought the internet was a safe place " as long as you know what you 're doing " .
" Probably the middle - aged are the most vulnerable , " said Open University psychologist Graham Jones .
" I think children , teenagers and people under their mid-20s have grown up with technology and they understand it deeply , " he said .
Charlie McDonnell is a 19 year old video blogger on YouTube - With 200,000 subscribers and more than 20 million hits overall , he is the third most subscribed to on the site .
He started in April 2007 while " procrastinating over exam revision " .
He amassed around 150 viewers until he made a tongue - in - cheek film called " how to get featured on Youtube " .
His mother had no interest in the internet until he got started .
Now he has shown her everything and she uses his hand - me - down old kit to make her own Youtube video logs .
Video blogger Charlie McDonnell uses blogs to find news
His use of the net illustrates how sophisticated young consumers are .
" I never really look for news , I find out about stuff that interests me from blogs .
I use them as a filter to find news that I find interesting .
Twitter 's not very accurate - it's one person saying they saw something on one website - but it 's good for getting information straight away , " he said .
Mr Jones thinks it is the parents who need to become more sophisticated .
" One of the biggest problems for children is not that they are vulnerable but that their parents do n't know what they 're doing , " he said .
It is a point Mr McDonnell agrees with .
" It 's important that parents have full understanding of the internet and its risks - younger people need parental direction , " he said .
' Digital natives '
The survey , funded by the Nominet Trust - a charity that encourages the safe use of the internet - looked at how the web influences the well - being of people aged between 16 and 24 .
Its author , Professor Michael Hulme of Lancaster University , names this age group " digital natives " as they have grown up in an environment rich with computer and mobile technology .
" For young people the internet is part of the fabric of their world and does not exist in isolation from the physical world , " he said .
Youthnet , set up by the broadcaster Martyn Lewis in 1995 , runs websites offering advice , information and volunteering opportunities to young people .
" The need for a safer , trusted [ online ] place has never been greater , " said Fiona Dawes , Youthnet 's chief executive .
" Youthnet will be taking the insights of this report to heart as we plan the future of our services . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
HOUSTON -- Initial tests show that New England Patriots receiver Wes Welker tore both the anterior cruciate ligament and medial collateral ligament in his left knee in Sunday 's loss to the Houston Texans , but he is scheduled to undergo more testing Monday , a source close to the situation told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter .
Wes Welker is carted into the locker room after hurting his left knee .
AP Photo / Dave Einsel
The injury will presumably end Welker 's season just as the Patriots ' prepare for next Sunday 's AFC wild - card game against the Baltimore Ravens .
Patriots coach Bill Belichick indicated Monday that he had no update on Welker , other than to confirm that the injured wide receiver was scheduled to undergo tests Monday morning .
" I felt badly for him , " said Belichick .
" He had a great year .
It 's unfortunate to see any player have an injury .
Wes is a great competitor and I 'm sure that he 'll do whatever it is -- he 'll work hard as he always does to bounce back . "
Welker was injured in the first quarter when he tried to plant his left foot after making a catch .
He was helped to the sideline by members of the Patriots ' medical staff , then buried his head in a towel while sitting on the bench .
Welker was later carted to the locker room .
" You can't replace him , there 's no doubt about that , " Patriots quarterback Tom Brady said Monday on WEEI radio .
" There 's nobody that can substitute in for Wes and think that they 're going to be Wes .
He is everything you ask for .
" We 've got to move on and we 've got to go out there and play and everyone I think in different areas has to pick it up .
I have to play better , Julian [ Edelman ] has to play better , Randy [ Moss ] has to play better , the offensive line , running backs , tight ends , we all have to do more .
I think that 's the commitment we have to make to one another . "
Cornerback Shawn Springs said the likely loss of Welker hurts .
" It 's no secret around the whole NFL how important Wes is to us , " Springs said .
" My prayers are with him , because I know Wes is one of those guys who wants to be out there all the time .
We are going to miss him . "
Welker caught a pass from Brady on New England 's first possession and his knee appeared to buckle as he turned upfield .
When Welker went down , a nearby player immediately called for medical help .
Brady and receiver Randy Moss kneeled over Welker , and Belichick also walked out from the sideline to check on Welker .
GROWING UP IN ETHOLOGY
Childhood and School
I should have been a child naturalist .
I had every advantage : not only the perfect early environment of tropical Africa but what should have been the perfect genes to slot into it .
For generations , sun-browned Dawkins legs have been striding in khaki shorts through the jungles of Empire .
My Dawkins grandfather employed elephant lumberjacks in the teak forests of Burma .
My father 's maternal uncle , chief Conservator of Forests in Nepal , and his wife , author of a fearsome ' sporting ' work called Tiger Lady , had a son who wrote the definitive handbooks on the Birds of Borneo and Birds of Burma .
Like my father and his two younger brothers , I was all but born with a pith helmet on my head .
My father himself read Botany at Oxford , then became an agricultural officer in Nyasaland ( now Malawi ) .
During the war he was called up to join the army in Kenya , where I was born in 1941 and spent the first two years of my life .
In 1943 my father was posted back to Nyasaland , where we lived until I was eight , when my parents and younger sister and I returned to England to live on the Oxfordshire farm that the Dawkins family had owned since 1726 .
It was through my father 's middle brother that I met the young David Attenborough , already famous but not yet a household name .
This uncle chose Sierra Leone for his enactment of the khaki- shorted family tradition , and David Attenborough was his guest on a filming expedition up country .
When my uncle and aunt moved to England and I happened to be staying with them , David brought his young son Robert to visit , and he had us wading all day in shorts through ditches and ponds with fishing nets and jam jars on strings .
I 've forgotten what we were seeking — newts or tadpoles or dragonfly larvae , I expect — but the day itself was never to be forgotten .
Even that experience with the world 's most charismatic zoologist , however , was n't enough to turn me into the boy naturalist that I should have been from the start .
My father 's youngest brother was an innovative forest ecologist in Uganda .
He later moved to Oxford , where he lectured in biological statistics — a teacher of genius with an unmatched ability to explain difficult ideas in simple language .
It was for this that I later dedicated a book , River Out of Eden , to him .
The worst he could say of a young man was “ Never been in a youth hostel in his life ” ; a stricture , which , I am sorry to say , describes me to this day .
My young self seemed to let down the traditions of the family .
I received every encouragement from my parents , both of whom knew all the wildflowers you might encounter on a Cornish cliff or an Alpine meadow , and my father amused my sister and me by throwing in the Latin names for good measure ( children love the sound of words even if they do n't know their meanings ) .
Soon after arriving in England , I was mortified when my tall , handsome grandfather , by now retired from the Burma forests , pointed to a blue tit outside the window and asked me if I knew what it was .
I did n't and miserably stammered , “ Is it a chaffinch ? ” Grandfather was scandalized .
In the Dawkins family , such ignorance was tantamount to not having heard of Shakespeare : “ Good God , John ” — I have never forgotten his words , nor my father 's loyal exculpation —
“ Is that possible ? ” If Grandfather were alive today , I would explain that I learned late to love watching wild creatures : my original interest in biology came not from the woods and moors but from books .
For I became a secret reader .
In the holidays from boarding school , I would sneak up to my bedroom with a book : a guilty truant from the fresh air and the virtuous outdoors .
And when I started learning biology properly at school , it was still bookish pursuits that held me .
I was drawn to questions that grown - ups would have called philosophical .
What is the meaning of life ?
Why are we here ?
How did it all start ?
Biology comes closest to answering these deep questions , but that was n't the reason I ended up in the biology stream at Oundle School .
It was probably a bit of following - in - father 's - footsteps , but also a genuinely inspirational young teacher .
I.F. Thomas deliberately set out to teach in the tradition of Oundle 's great headmaster , F.W. Sanderson ( there was Arnold of Rugby and Roxburgh of Stowe . . . and there was Sanderson of Oundle ) .
Sanderson died in 1922 so Ioan Thomas never met him , but he lived up to Sanderson 's ideals , as I recounted in my inaugural Oundle Lecture in 2002 , later reprinted in A Devil 's Chaplain ( 2003 ) : Some 35 years after Sanderson 's death , I recall a lesson about Hydra . . .
Mr. Thomas asked one of us “ What animal eats Hydra ? ”
The boy made a guess .
Non-committally , Mr. Thomas turned to the next boy , asking him the same question .
He went right round the entire class , with increasing excitement asking each one of us by name , “ What animal eats Hydra ?
What animal eats Hydra ? ”
And one by one we guessed .
By the time he had reached the last boy , we were agog for the true answer .
“ Sir , sir , what animal does eat Hydra ? ” Mr. Thomas waited until there was a pin-dropping silence .
Then he spoke , slowly and distinctly , pausing between each word .
“ I do n't know . . . ” ( Crescendo ) “ I do n't know . . . ” ( Molto crescendo )
“ And I do n't think Mr. Coulson knows either . ” ( Fortissimo ) “ Mr. Coulson ! Mr. Coulson ! ”
He flung open the door to the next classroom and dramatically interrupted his senior colleague 's lesson , bringing him into our room .
“ Mr. Coulson , do you know what animal eats Hydra ? ”
Whether some wink passed between them I cannot say , but Mr. Coulson played his part well : he did n't know .
[ Again ] the fatherly shade of Sanderson chuckled in the corner , and none of us will have forgotten that lesson .
What matters is not the facts but how you discover and think about them : education in the true sense , very different from today 's assessment - mad exam culture .
With such a teacher , it is n't difficult to see why I chose biology .
Unfortunately I did n't shine at that or any other subject .
I spent too much of my time in Oundle 's Music School , fooling around on the clarinet or saxophone , or indeed any other instrument that I might come upon unguarded .
I was n't good at music , but I had always been drawn to musical instruments and I had ( still have ) the ability to play , correctly and without practice , any tune almost as easily as one might whistle or hum it .
This facile gift provided a constant temptation — and I readily succumbed — to dispense with reading music .
The result was that , although I spent an inordinate amount of time with musical instruments , I did n't play them so much as tootle .
Not time well spent .
For whatever reason , my performance in science examinations at school was no better than average .
I wo n't say my time at Oundle was wasted , but I can not claim to have made the best of it .
My love of poetry probably came mostly from my parents , who gave me Yeats and Housman and Rupert Brooke , although my form master in my first year , Snappy Priestman , moved me with his readings from Shakespeare and Kipling .
Oundle had the finest workshops of any school in the country and a unique tradition , dating back to Sanderson , of sending every boy into the workshops for a whole week in every term .
All day , every day during the Week in Workshops , normal lessons were suspended ; we donned brown overalls over our grey suits and — in theory at least — worked at becoming good with our hands .
But only in theory .
Part of the problem was that the workshops were too well equipped and we were too closely supervised — not by proper teachers but by workshop technicians with no idea of pedagogy at all .
We did exactly what we were told , on advanced and expensive machines , and each of us ended up making something — a ' marking gauge ' one term , a ' drill stand ' the next — that looked exactly like what everybody else was making .
I did n't even know what a marking gauge was .
Like labourers on a factory production line , we learned how to follow instructions when operating a lathe or other large piece of advanced machinery .
Maybe some of us learned ingenuity , inventiveness , improvisation , resourcefulness , design , but I certainly did n't , and there was no incentive to .
It never occurred to me at the time , but Sanderson must have been spinning in his grave .
Undergraduate
My father and grandfather were keen for me to follow nine earlier members of the Dawkins family into Balliol College , Oxford .
My parents went to see Mr. Thomas , who did his best to be cheerful .
“ Well , he might just scrape into Oxford , but Balliol is probably aiming too high . ”
Nevertheless I applied to Balliol , and Mr. Thomas , despite — or more probably because of — his misgivings , had me round at his house in the evenings for extra coaching — for which he would have received no extra payment and no recognition from the school .
He was just a great teacher , doing what Sanderson would have done .
And he got me into Balliol .
I was in well into my second year at Oxford before my interest in the deep questions of existence , and biology 's contribution to solving them , really found room to flourish .
If I have made anything of my life , it was the Oxford tutorial system that first made me .
Imagine the effect on an impressionable nineteen - year - old .
Textbooks became a thing of the past , together with the whole notion that there existed a received answer to every question .
I had the run of one of the world 's great libraries .
I was sent there each week with a list of readings from the original research literature , and required to write an essay , evaluating the evidence to make my own mind up about what might often be a controversial question .
What a heady experience .
My later panegyric was published in a variety of places , including David Palfreyman's ( 2001 ) collection , The Oxford Tutorial : ' Thanks , you taught me how to think ' .
By way of example , I mentioned my essay on the abstrusely detailed subject of the starfish water vascular system : I remember the bare facts about starfish hydraulics but it is not the facts that matter .
What matters is the way in which we were encouraged to find them .
We did n't just mug up a textbook , we went into the library and looked up books old and new ; we followed trails of original research papers until we had made ourselves as near world - authorities on the topic at hand as it is possible to become in one week .
The encouragement provided by the weekly tutorial meant that one did n't just read about starfish hydraulics , or whatever the topic was .
For that one week I remember that I slept , ate and dreamed starfish hydraulics .
Tube feet marched behind my eyelids , hydraulic pedicellariae quested and seawater pulsed through my dozing brain .
Writing my essay was the catharsis , and the tutorial was the justification for the entire week .
And then the next week there would be a new topic and a new feast of images to be conjured in the library .
We were being educated . . .
Niko Tinbergen entered my life as the lecturer on Molluscs .
He announced no special affinity for that group save a fondness for oysters , but he played along with the department 's tradition of handing out to each lecturer a phylum , more or less at random .
From those lectures , I recall his swift blackboard drawings ; his deep voice ( surprisingly deep for a small man ) accented but not obviously Dutch , and his kindly smile ( avuncular as I thought it then , although he must have been much younger than I am now ) .
In the following year he again lectured to us , this time on Animal Behaviour , and the avuncular smile broadened with enthusiasm for his own subject .
In the heyday of Ravenglass , I was enchanted by his film on eggshell removal by blackheaded gulls .
I especially liked his method of making graphs — laying out sticks on the sand for axes , with strategically placed eggshells for data points .
How very Niko .
How very un-Powerpoint .
Niko had by then , under the influence of Robert Hinde , Danny Lehrman and others , disowned much of The Study of Instinct ( Tinbergen 1951 ) .
He was still loyal to Social Behaviour in Animals ( Tinbergen 1953 ) even though , with the ' sociobiological ' hindsight that came later , much of that book now seems nearly as disownable as The Study of Instinct .
I wonder how much of our present theory will eventually be disowned by the hindsights of the future .
I suspect not much , where the ' gene 's eye view ' of social behaviour is concerned , but I would say that , would n't I ?
Niko 's lectures , his writing and research , and his supervising of numerous graduate students in Oxford and Ravenglass , must have richly filled his time and he did n't do much tutoring .
My mentor at Balliol , the incomparable Peter Brunet , somehow managed to persuade him to give me four tutorials in my penultimate term .
Niko carried the principle of the Oxford tutorial to a quirky extreme .
Where other tutors gave out a reading list that covered a topic , Niko would hand me nothing more than an unpublished doctoral thesis by one of his graduate students .
I was to write an essay around the thesis , criticize it , go into the library to sleuth down its bibliography , and plan future research to carry it further .
In effect , my undergraduate task was to play at being a doctoral examiner for a week , and then again the following week with a different thesis .
( Later , when I myself started tutoring as a graduate student , I once or twice experimented with the Tinbergen formula of handing out a single thesis as an essay topic — but , unlike Niko , I dared to do it only with exceptionally gifted students . )
I had just four tutorials with Niko and that was all it took .
I threw out my plans to do biochemical research and applied instead to Niko : could I join the Animal Behaviour Research Group ?
I could .
And it was the turning point in my career .
Graduate Student
Perhaps all scientists recall their graduate student years as an idyll .
But surely some research environments are more idyllic than others , and I think there was something special about the Tinbergen group .
Hans Kruuk ( 2003 ) has captured the atmosphere in his splendid biography , Niko 's Nature .
He and I arrived too late for the heroic ' hard core ' period described by Desmond Morris , Aubrey Manning and others , but I think our time resembled it .
We saw less of Niko himself , because his room was in the main Zoology Department while all the rest of us were housed in the annexe at 13 Bevington Road with Mike Cullen .
And it was Mike who was by then the dominant influence upon the Tinbergen group .
My eulogy at his Memorial Service in Wadham College said as much , and I wanted to quote it at length here , for I believe Mike Cullen deserves a place of high honour in any history of ethology .
Unfortunately , there was n't enough space , but I have placed the complete text on my website ( Dawkins 2008 b ) .
The Friday evening seminars were the highlight of the week for the Tinbergen Group .
They lasted two hours and frequently spilled over into the following week , but the time flashed by because , instead of the soporific formula of listening to a speaker 's voice for an hour followed by questions at the end , our two hours were enlivened by argument throughout .
Niko set the example by interrupting almost before the speaker could complete his first sentence .
It was n't as irritating as it sounds , because Niko 's interventions aimed at clarification and it was usually necessary .
Mike 's questions were more formidable and more feared .
He was the intellectual powerhouse of the seminar .
Other penetrating contributors were Juan Delius and David McFarland , but the rest of us chipped in without inhibition too , almost from the first day we were there .
Niko encouraged that .
He insisted on absolute clarity about the question we were asking in our research .
I recall how shocked I was on visiting our sister research group at Madingley in Cambridge , and one of the graduate students began to tell of his research with the words “ What I do is . . . ”
I had to restrain myself from imitating Niko 's voice : “ Ja ja , but what is your question ?
Years later , I related this story when I gave a research seminar at Madingley .
I refused to identify the culprit to a mock - scandalized Robert Hinde , and my lips are sealed to this day .
The question Niko gave me ( he must have been writing his 1963 ' Four Whys ' paper for Lorenz 's 60th birthday at the time ) concerned the ontogeny of behaviour , and my research method was the deprivation experiment .
What is meant by the ' innate ' and how does it mesh with learning in the development of the young animal ?
The theoretical stance I adopted was Lorenzian .
Maybe Lehrman the developmentalist was right that behaviour itself could in principle not be innate , because you could never deprive a developing animal of everything ( 1953 ) .
But Lorenz 's ( 1965 ) reply ( which , with my interest in evolution I had arrived at myself before reading his book ) was that you could deprive the young animal of the specific environmental features to which the behaviour was adapted .
So you could demonstrate that the adaptive fit of the behaviour was innate , even if not the behaviour itself .
At least in principle .
How about in practice ?
That was what I set out to discover with my chicks ( Dawkins 1968 ) .
Newly hatched chicks peck at small objects such as spots of dirt on a wall , presumably a food - seeking response .
Understandably they prefer solid to flat objects , and this carries over to photographs .
But by what cues do they recognize a photographed object as solid ?
Humans use surface shading cues .
Because the sun shines from above not below , upper surfaces tend to be lighter than lower surfaces , with a gradient between .
Telescopic photographs of moon craters can look like hills depending on the direction from which the light falls .
Predators use shading cues of solidity in hunting , which is why so many camouflaged animals employ countershading : the dorsal surface is pigmented darker than the ventral , thereby cancelling the expected solid appearance .
The upside - down catfish ( Synodontis nigriventis ) is the exception that proves the rule ( for once , the expression is spot on ) .
This fish habitually swims upside down and , fascinatingly , it is reverse countershaded .
The ventral surface has the dark pigmentation ; the dorsal surface is light coloured like the ventral surface of a normal fish .
Back to the chicks : I used grain - sized photographs of top - lit hemispheres mounted at beak height on the wall of the cage , and compared them with the same photographs inverted so that the light appeared to come from below .
Chicks strongly preferred to peck at correctly oriented photographs over inverted ones .
Apparently , then , chicks used the same surface shading cues of solidity as we do : they seem to ' know ' that sunlight shines from above .
Now for the deprivation experiments .
Day - olds hatched in total darkness , who had never seen anything before , gave their first ( sighted ) pecks indiscriminately to inverted and correctly oriented photographs equally .
Did this mean they normally learn the surface shading cues of solidity — learn , in effect , that the sun is overhead ?
Not necessarily .
It could be that the naive day - olds , having never before seen so much as a chink of light , were too startled or dazzled to discriminate .
So I did the definitive experiment .
I reared and tested chicks in a special cage in which light came from below .
They would be accustomed to light , and not startled or dazzled when they came to be tested .
If learning is important , these chicks should if anything learn that solid objects are lighter on the underside , and hence prefer inverted photographs when tested .
In fact , the chicks behaved like normal chicks .
They overwhelmingly preferred the uninverted photograph , the one illuminated from above , the one that looked solid to human eyes .
In Lorenzian terms , this showed that the adaptive information is innate : my chicks were telling me that they are born with the ' advance knowledge ' that the sun shines from overhead .
No doubt there are loop - holes in the logic , but I still think the experiment is a nice teaching aid : a neat demonstration of the kind of logic we employ when distinguishing the innateness of behaviour itself from the innateness of the adaptive information whereby behaviour fits its environment as a key fits a lock .
I think much of the research that came out of the Tinbergen group , including my own — maybe ethological research generally — could be called “ For example , as it might be ” research , rather than “ This is the way it actually is ” research .
Watson and Crick 's double helix was a discovery about the way things are .
DNA is a double helix , and that 's that .
End of story , it will never be superseded .
Sir Ronald Ross 's discovery that mosquitoes carry malaria is another example of “ This is the way it actually is ” research .
Our research was n't like that .
If I am right , the main use of such ethological experiments is to illustrate a textbook principle .
Textbooks are probably correct that animals can be fooled by some restricted part of the natural stimulus situation into behaving in a way appropriate to the whole .
Sticklebacks responding to red dummies are a nice illustration to get the textbook point across , but the true story of sticklebacks may not be so straightforward — did Tinbergen ever try a blue dummy ?
Similarly , my conclusion that chicks are born with the ' advance knowledge ' that the sun shines from overhead may be too simple .
But if there are some animals that are born with advance knowledge of some aspects of their future environment ( it would be surprising if there were not ) , then my work illustrates the kind of experiment that can , in principle , be done to test it .
I at least demonstrated that developmentalists were missing something if they claimed that you could never , in principle , do an experiment to test the innateness of behavior .
I do n't know whether the camaraderie of 13 Bevington Road was exceptional , or whether all groups of graduate students nurture a similar esprit de corps .
I suspect , at least , that being housed in a separate annexe rather than in a large university building improves the social dynamics .
When the Animal Behaviour Research Group ( and other outliers such as David Lack 's Edward Grey Institute of Field Ornithology and Charles Elton 's Bureau of Animal Populations ) eventually moved into the present concrete monster on South Parks Road , I believe something was lost .
But it may be that I was by then just older and more weighed down by responsibilities .
Whatever the reason , I retain a loyal affection for 13 Bevington Road and my comrades of those times who foregathered at the Friday evening seminars , or in the lunch room , or over the bar billiards table in the Rose and Crown : Robert Mash , whose epidemic sense of humour I later recalled in my Foreword to his book How to Keep Dinosaurs ; Dick Brown ; Juan Delius whose deliriously eccentric brilliance entertainingly complemented Mike Cullen 's ; Juan 's supernormally delightful wife Uta who gave me German lessons ;
Hans Kruuk , who later wrote Niko 's biography ; Ian Patterson ; Bryan Nelson the gannet man , known to me in my first six months only from the enigmatic notice on his door , “ Nelson is on the Bass Rock ” ; Cliff Henty ; David McFarland , Niko 's eventual successor who , although based in the psychology department , was a sort of honorary member of our group because his vivacious wife Jill was Juan 's research assistant , and the couple had lunch in Bevington Road every day ; Vivienne Benzie who introduced the sunny New Zealand girls Lyn McKechie and Ann Jamieson as yet other honorary members of the lunch group ; Lou Gurr , also from New Zealand ; Robin Liley ; the jovial naturalist Michael Robinson , Michael Hansell , with whom I later shared a flat ; Monica Impekoven ; Marian Stamp , to whom I was later married for fourteen years ; Heather McLannahan , Robert Martin , Ken Wilz ; Michael Norton - Griffiths and Harvey Croze , who later formed a consulting partnership in Kenya ; John Krebs , with whom I later wrote three papers ; Michael and Barbara MacRoberts ; Iain Douglas - Hamilton , unwilling exile from Africa while he wrote his thesis ; Jamie Smith , with whom I wrote a paper on optimal foraging in tits ; Tim Halliday , Lary Shaffer , Sean Neill and others whom I apologize for omitting .
The Bevington Road population was tidal , emptying during the breeding seasons of the great northern seabird colonies , then filling up as the field workers returned to Oxford to write and think .
Spring high tide was the fortnight of the annual ' Block Practical ' when we were suddenly over - run by a swarm of undergraduates , learning how to do research under Mike Cullen 's guidance with help from several of us .
Once again , the emphasis was on the clear formulation of discrete questions , and more especially on quantifying the answers .
For example , one pair of undergraduates working with me noticed that baby chicks utter rhythmic , piercing cheep cries .
These have been labelled ' distress calls ' , but could the students pin down the conditions under which they are uttered ?
The guiding didactic was not to tell the students what to do but to encourage them to suggest it for themselves : “ How are you going to quantify cheep calls ? ” “ Count them . ”
“ OK , but how do you decide when a call is too quiet to count as a true cheep ? ”
The students might at this point suggest some kind of decibel meter , but we did n't have one so , instead , we might steer them towards the idea of inter - observer correlation : “ If you and your research partner can't see each other counting , do you end up with the same score ? ”
“ OK , so we have our method of quantification .
Now , what hypotheses are you testing ?
What provokes cheeping ” ?
“ They seem to be lonely . ”
“ All right , but what is ' lonely ' ?
Do n't trust subjective language ; look for something you can demonstrate experimentally .
How might you manipulate loneliness experimentally ? ”
“ Pick up a chick and put it by itself . ”
“ OK , but what are you going to compare it with ? ”
The same chick while in a group of six . ”
“ And how many chicks will you test , alone versus in a group of six ? ”
“ Ten chicks , for one minute in each condition . ”
“ And will you always test each chick alone first and then in company ? ” “ Oh , no , I guess we ought to control for order effects . ”
“ Good , why do n't you get on with that experiment and I 'll come back in an hour and see how you are getting on .
Do n't stop until you have done the full number of trials specified in advance by your experimental design . ”
“ OK , how did that go ? ” “ A Matched Pairs Test , with each chick as its own Control , showed a statistically significant effect of loneliness . ”
“ Well done .
Now be more specific .
How lonely is lonely ?
What if , instead of five companions , they have only one ? ”
“ Oh yes , that 's a good idea .
And then , if one companion is enough to reduce the cheeping rate , why do n't we try a mirror , compared with the non-reflecting back side of the mirror ? ”
( You see how Tinbergenian these experiments were ) .
How about little balls of yellow cotton wool on stalks , instead of real companions ?
Do they have to be yellow ?
Does it help if you give them ' eyes ' ?
How about dyeing real chicks different colours instead of yellow ?
How about no visual stimuli at all but a loudspeaker playing the noise of an invisible clutch of chicks ? ”
The students raced off to do these experiments , which always had to be properly controlled for order effects and other confounding variables , and — one of the things Mike Cullen added to the original Tinbergen version of the block practical — they always had to be analysed with proper statistics .
By the way , though they were surely not cruel , most of these experiments could not be done nowadays without a government licence , which would probably not be granted for student experiments .
In other words , this kind of education in the quantitative research mentality is impossible in Britain today .
Bevington Road , and especially its satellite research stations in the gull colonies , ran a system of ' slaves ' — young unpaid volunteers who wanted a brief taste of the Tinbergen experience before going to university .
Among them were Fritz Vollrath ( who later returned to Oxford to head a flourishing group working on spider behaviour , and remains a close friend ) , and ( also from Germany ) Jan Adam .
Jan and I found an immediate affinity , and we worked together .
He had remarkable workshop skills and , fortunately , these were the days before ' Health and Safety ' existed to protect us from ourselves and sap our initiative .
Jan and I had the freedom of the departmental workshops : lathes , milling machines , bandsaws and all .
We ( that is to say Jan , with me as willing apprentice ) built an apparatus to automate the counting of chick pecks , using delicately hinged little windows and sensitive microswitches .
Previously , when working on the surface shading illusion , I counted pecks by hand .
Suddenly , I was in a position to collect huge quantities of data .
And this opened the door to a completely different kind of research .
I early knew the name of Peter Medawar because he was an exact contemporary of my father in the biology stream at Marlborough College , and then at Oxford ( Medawar in Zoology , my father in Botany ) .
Medawar , as British biology 's star intellectual , gave a visiting lecture at his old Oxford department , and I remember the excited buzz in the waiting audience ( again , no bossy Health and Safety to prohibit standing - room - only ) .
The lecture led me to read Medawar 's essays , later anthologized in Pluto 's Republic ( 1982 ) and it was from them that I learned about Karl Popper .
I became intrigued by Popper 's vision of science as a two - stage process : first the creative dreaming up of a hypothesis , followed by attempts to falsify predictions deduced from it .
Just as Niko 's stickleback experiments served to illustrate textbook principles , so I became fascinated by the idea of a textbook Popperian study : dream up a hypothesis that might or might not be true , deduce precise mathematical predictions from it , and then try to falsify those predictions in the lab .
Jan 's apparatus for counting massive numbers of pecks gave me the opportunity .
Medawar elsewhere made the point that scientific research does n't develop in the same orderly sequence as the final polished ' story ' .
Real life is messier than that .
In my own case it was so messy that I can't remember what gave me the idea for my ' Popperian ' experiments .
I remember only the finished story , which , as Medawar would have expected , gives an implausibly tidy impression .
The finished story is that I dreamed up a model of what might be going on inside a chick 's head when it decides which of several alternative targets to peck at , did some algebra to deduce predictions from the model , then tested them in the lab .
It was a “ Drive / Threshold ” model , with affinities to the classic Lorenz psychohydraulic model but more precise ( Dawkins 1969a ) , somewhat along the lines of Bastock and Manning 's threshold model of Drosophila courtship behaviour .
It is good Popperism only because the predictions I deduced from it , by simple algebra , were mathematically precise .
I mean , they did n't just predict that a measured quantity should be larger , say , than some other measured quantity .
The prediction was that a measured quantity should be exactly equal to some function of other measured quantities .
Several predictions , and more elaborate deductions from extended versions of the model ( Dawkins 1969 b ) , were upheld — less accurately , I suppose , than experimental physicists expect , but with an accuracy which , for ethologists , seems spectacularly good : we would normally expect points to be vaguely clustered on a graph , not lined up like soldiers on parade as mine were .
I used data not just from my own experiments but also from Monica Impekoven 's on blackheaded gulls ( Dawkins and Impekoven 1969 ) and various studies in the literature including preferences for composers , among the members of four leading American symphony orchestras .
An odd consequence of this research was that , because I had derived my very own ' formula ' ( using nothing more advanced than school algebra ) I somehow acquired an undeserved ( and unsought ) reputation for mathematical expertise .
I gave a talk on this work at the 1965 International Ethological Conference in Zurich .
For the talk , I built a physical model of my theory , incorporating a rubber tube filled with mercury that I jiggled up and down to represent fluctuating “ drive ” .
The rubber tube was attached to the bottom of a vertical glass tube , into which were let three electrical contacts at different depths , representing “ thresholds ” .
Mercury is an electrical conductor , so when the jiggling column hit any of these contacts ( the “ drive ” exceeding the “ threshold ” ) a circuit was completed .
Coloured lights flashed to indicate “ pecks ” .
The assumption of the model ( from which I had derived my formula by algebra ) was that pecks are distributed randomly between all colours whose threshold is exceeded at the time ( obviously if mercury was in contact with any electrode , it was automatically in contact with all lower electrodes too ) , and I implemented this rule by means of a noisy system of electromechanical relays switching on coloured lights to represent pecks at different colours .
The whole Heath - Robinson ( American translation : Rube Goldberg ) affair was calculated to bring the house down just as , at an earlier Ethological Conference in Oxford , a spoof hydraulic simulation devised by Desmond Morris and friends reputedly had .
How I managed to transport it from Oxford to Zurich evades my memory , and indeed my comprehension .
There 's not a chance that today 's airport security would allow anything remotely like it , bristling as it was with amateurishly soldered wires , relays , batteries and mercury .
Alas , just as I was about to go on the big stage ( there were only plenary sessions at the IEC in those days ) something went wrong and my contraption did n't work .
I was in a sweat of panic and could n't think straight , frantically tinkering on the floor outside the theatre , when I suddenly heard an amused Austrian accent barking out peremptory instructions at great speed behind me .
The rapid - fire voice told me exactly what to do .
As in a dream I obeyed , and it worked .
I turned to look at my saviour , and beheld Wolfgang Schleidt , whom I had n't previously met .
Without any prior knowledge of what my infernal machine was supposed to do , this highly intelligent rising star of continental ethology had come upon my panic , instantly sized up the problem and dictated the solution to me .
I have always been grateful to Dr Schleidt , whom I later was not surprised to learn had a reputation for technical ingenuity .
I bore my strange device up into the theatre and at the end of my talk its spluttering coloured lights received something akin to a standing ovation .
In the audience was George Barlow , rising star of American ethology , and he was sufficiently impressed by my talk to get me invited to the University of California at Berkeley for my first proper job , as a very junior Assistant Professor of Zoology .
Berkeley
I was torn between this flattering offer and another one from Schleidt himself at the University of Maryland , whither he had recently moved from Germany .
Though tempted by Maryland , which , besides Schleidt , had other clever ethologists in the shape of Jack Hailman and Keith Nelson , the lure of California was strong .
I was by then engaged to Marian Stamp , another Tinbergen graduate student , and we looked forward to an exciting new life by the Pacific , epitomised by the current hip anthem :
“ And if you 're going to San Francisco , Be sure to wear some flowers in your hair . . . ”
Niko rightly decided that Marian needed no hands - on supervision .
She would simply get on with her experiments on search images at Berkeley instead of Oxford .
That is exactly what she did , with great success , in the excellent scientific atmosphere provided by the Berkeley Zoology Department .
I taught the undergraduate course in Animal Behaviour jointly with George Barlow , basing my lectures largely on my experience from Oxford .
During my last year there before I left for Berkeley , Niko had taken a sabbatical leave , and asked me to stand in for him and deliver the 1966 Animal Behaviour lectures to the undergraduates .
He had offered me his lecture notes but , under the influence of Mike Cullen , I had become fascinated by the ideas of Bill Hamilton ( whom I had not then met ) on inclusive fitness , published two years before .
When I came to write my lectures on social behaviour , I pushed the “ gene 's - eye - view ” to centre stage .
I was in some trepidation at my decision to depart so far from the Tinbergen canon , and also at the extravagant flourishes of my rhetoric : the body as mortal throw - away receptacle for the immortal genes , tripping like chamois from body to throwaway body down the generations .
Seeking reassurance , I showed my lecture notes to Mike Cullen .
He immediately took the allusion to Hamilton , and wrote “ lovely stuff ” in the margin .
That was enough for me .
I cast hesitation aside and went to town on the gene 's - eye - view .
I did the same thing in my Berkeley lectures , and I like to think that the undergraduates of Oxford and Berkeley in the late sixties were among the first to hear of the new ideas that were to become fashionable , in the seventies , as ' sociobiology ' and ' selfish genery ' .
Other close friends at Berkeley along with George Barlow were David Bentley the neuro - ethologist , Michael Land , now the world 's leading authority on eyes throughout the animal kingdom , and Michael and Barbara MacRoberts , who later came to Oxford as spirited additions to the Bevington Road circle , as , later , did David Noakes , who was George Barlow 's leading graduate student during my Berkeley years .
George hosted a weekly ethology seminar for interested graduate students at his house in the Berkeley hills , and those evening meetings recaptured for Marian and me the wonderful atmosphere of Niko 's Friday evenings at Oxford .
My research at that time was a continuation of my chick pecking work .
In the departmental workshops ( again , no initiative - crushing “ Health and Safety ' ) I made a Skinner Box for chicks using a heat lamp for reward instead of food , in which I tested further predictions of my “ threshold ” model , looking at actual sequences of pecks rather than just total numbers of pecks per minute .
This work was later published ( Dawkins and Dawkins 1974 ) .
Some time during our second year at Berkeley , Marian and I were visited by Niko and Lies Tinbergen .
Niko wanted to persuade us to return to Oxford , where he had an attractive research post to offer me , and Marian could write up her doctoral research , which , as Niko could see , was going well at Berkeley .
He returned to Oxford , leaving us to think about the offer .
We decided to accept it , but meanwhile Niko had written of a new opportunity .
Oxford had decided to initiate a University Lectureship in Animal Behaviour accompanied by a Fellowship at New College , and Niko wanted me to apply .
This teaching job would not preclude the research opportunity he had earlier promised me .
I agreed to apply for the Lectureship , and Oxford flew me over for the interview .
It was a magical time , with what seemed like all before me .
Once again , music stamped the memory .
This time it was Mendelssohn 's Violin Concerto , which I listened to on the plane , spellbound by the Rocky Mountains below and by exciting prospects ahead .
Oxford put on its very best performance , which is the May time blossoming of cherry and laburnum all along the Banbury Road .
New College , too , played its golden fourteenth century part and I was happy , my exuberance not dimmed by the news that Colin Beer had put in an unexpected late application for the Lectureship , and Niko had excitedly switched his allegiance from me to Colin .
If Niko had decided that Colin was a better bet , that was good enough for me .
I would still have the research position and , as I told the interviewing committee , if Colin were there in Oxford too , so much the better .
They indeed gave the job to Colin , and I indeed took up the research grant .
Back to Oxford
Marian and I left Berkeley with mixed emotions .
Our time there , from 1967 to 1969 , was rather politically active .
Like most of our friends , we became heavily involved in the anti Vietnam War movement , and various other less reputable political issues such as the ' Peoples ' Park , locally manufactured and later to be satirized by David Lodge ( as the ' People 's Garden ' at ' Euphoria State College ' ) in Changing Places .
Berkeley remained an episode of magic in memory , a happy / sad dreamtime of lost youth , of clever and friendly colleagues , of clear , bright sunshine over the Golden Gate , of gentle people putting flowers in the rifle barrels of the California National Guard .
We crated and dispatched our few belongings from our Berkeley apartment and drove right across the continent in our old Ford Falcon , thickly encrusted with anti-war slogans and Eugene McCarthy election stickers , to New York .
We sold the Ford on the quayside , boarded the liner France for Southampton , and prepared to resume our life at Oxford with many of our old friends still there and Colin Beer newly arrived .
In the event , Colin preferred to spend his time in New College and was scarcely seen in the Department , much to everyone 's disappointment .
He stayed only a year .
Danny Lehrman had far - sightedly kept his position at Rutgers warm for him and , when it became clear that Oxford could not find a position in Medieval French to match the professorship his wife held in America , Colin decided to return .
Once again , the Lectureship in Animal Behaviour was advertised , once again the long - suffering New College agreed to associate a Fellowship with it , and once again Niko urged me to apply .
This time , however , I really wanted it , and this time I got it .
The life of a Tutorial Fellow of an Oxford College is in many ways a charmed one .
I got a teaching room in a mediaeval building surrounded by famous gardens , a book allowance , housing allowance , research allowance , and free meals ( not free wine , contrary to envious rumours ) in the stimulating and entertaining company of leading scholars of every subject except my own .
The stimulating scholars of my own subject were to be found in the Zoology Department — where I spent the majority of my time .
The glory days of 13 Bevington Road came to an end and the Animal Behaviour group moved to the battleship - like horror on South Parks Road , then informally known as HMS Pringle after the ambitious Linacre Professor who persuaded the university to build it ( I have mixed feelings about my part in getting it recently named the Tinbergen Building , for it is widely reputed as the ugliest building in Oxford ) .
The ironically named “ Laughing John ” Pringle was further immortalised in the mock - German past participle “ abgepringelt ” which became the Department 's in - word for any kind of ruthless modernization .
In the same spirit of modernity , my research grant paid for a PDP - 8 computer , my pride and joy and a valued resource for everybody in 13 Bevington Road .
I was already acquainted with large mainframe computers , both at Oxford during my doctorate and at Berkeley , a fact that may have contributed to my undeserved reputation for mathematical sophistication .
Jobs were submitted to the mainframes on miles of punched paper tape ( British computers ) or barrowloads of punched cards ( American computers ) and came back the following day , so there was a premium on not making trivial mistakes in programming .
Unlike today , we did our own programming , and results came back not on screens but clumsily printed on paper .
Before I left for Berkeley , a major feat of Abgepringelheit had been the luring to Oxford of David Phillips 's molecular biophysicists from London .
They brought with them an Elliott 803 computer , and its keeper Dr Tony North kindly allowed me to use it at night .
This was when I became fully aware of the addictive lure of computer programming .
I really did literally — and frequently — spend all night in the warm , glowing computer room , entangled in a spaghetti of punched paper tape , which must have resembled my insomnia - tousled hair .
The Elliott had the charming habit of beeping an acoustic rendering of its inner processing .
You could listen to the progress of your computation through a small loudspeaker which hummed and hooted a rhythmic serenade , doubtless meaningful to Dr North 's expert ear but merely companionable to my nocturnal solitude .
When I returned to Oxford from Berkeley , the singing Elliott had gone the way of all silicon , but my ' own ' PDP - 8 was more than a substitute , and programming became even more of an addiction than before .
Previously I had used only high - level compiler languages but , in order to use the PDP - 8 as a research tool , I had to master its 12 - bit machine code , and I threw myself into this with zest .
My first machine - code project was the ' Dawkins Organ ' , a system for recording behaviour using a keyboard .
Engineers had developed rival systems , using sophisticated and expensive hardware .
I wanted to replace almost all the hardware with software .
Following a brilliant suggestion by my Oxford colleague Roger Abbott , I succeeded , and over the next few years Dawkins Organs were used by numerous members of the Oxford Animal Behaviour Group , and even — for I published a paper on the design ( Dawkins 1971 ) , and supplied the software free of charge — by some ethologists elsewhere in the world , for example Canada .
Marian soon obtained her doctorate , and we started to collaborate on research .
We had always been good colleagues , thinking aloud to each other at mealtimes and on walks in the country .
Our doctoral theses had both , in their different ways , approached the question of what it means to talk of decision - making in animal behaviour .
We now planned a study that would — yet again — serve to illustrate a textbook point .
The point was that decisions occur between fixed action patterns ( FAP ) not within them .
Once a FAP had begun it would continue to completion , after which there would be a new decision on what to do next .
That was the textbook ideal , but could we demonstrate it statistically ?
We decided to film behaviour ( it happened to be drinking in chickens , an elegant glissando of a movement ) and analyse it frame - by - frame .
Any frame that was highly predictable from preceding frames would be deemed part of a fixed action pattern .
Moments of high unpredictability would be our ' decision points ' ( Dawkins and Dawkins , 1973 & 1974 ) .
We were , in effect , testing the hypothesis that frames were bimodally distributed : either very predictable or very unpredictable but not intermediate .
Using an information theory metric , we plotted a graph of predictability , measured in bits of information , against time .
The research could almost be described as philosophical : helping scientists to clarify what they mean ( in this case by ' decision ' ) rather than actually finding something out about animals .
Marian and I followed this with a similar , but more elaborate piece of work on grooming behaviour in flies ( Dawkins & Dawkins , 1976 ) .
We used a Dawkins Organ to record the behaviour , and it then occurred to us to listen to the tape to see if any pattern emerged .
It did .
We could hear the rhythms and melodies of the flies '
Fixed Action Patterns as well as analyse them statistically !
The tunes reminded me of the Elliott computer , companion of my youthfully mis-spent nights .
In 1974 , I became the British Editor of Animal Behaviour .
I took over the job from David McFarland who , in turn , had succeeded Pat Bateson .
I can't say I enjoyed it but it was made enormously more bearable by the cheerfully efficient Jill McFarland , my assistant .
Jill had been doing the job with David , so the office simply went on running as a well - oiled machine .
I probably did n't make much difference as Editor , although I occasionally tried to improve the clarity of the writing .
My particular bugbear was the formulaic scientific paper with its standard headings : Introduction , Methods , Results , Discussion .
The rubric 's limitations were especially glaring when — as was common — the author had done a series of experiments , each one prompting the next .
I tried to persuade authors that the proper sequence for such a paper was : Question 1 ; Methods 1 ; Results 1 ; Discussion 1 leading to Question 2 ; Methods 2 ; Results 2 ; Discussion 2 leading to Question 3 . . . and so on .
You'd be amazed how many people arranged their paper in the following way : Introduction ; Methods 1 , Methods 2 , Methods 3 , Methods 4 . . . ; Results 1 , Results 2 , Results 3 , Results 4 . . . ; Discussion .
Could anything be more obviously calculated to confuse and bore ?
But I do n't think I had any lasting impact on the standard format of the scientific paper , and I was glad to pass the Editorship into Peter Slater 's more capable hands in 1978 .
In 1974 , the year after he shared a Nobel Prize with Konrad Lorenz and Karl von Frisch , Niko retired and the coveted position of Reader in Animal Behaviour was advertised .
There was a stiff competition in which I played no part ( recounted by Hans Kruuk in his biography of the Maestro ) and eventually David McFarland emerged as the new Reader .
David had an idiosyncratic approach to the study of behaviour , highly original but difficult for non-mathematical ethologists to understand .
He surrounded himself with bright people , including Richard Sibly and Robin McCleery ( who tragically died in 2008 ) and the evening seminars continued stimulating and interesting , as in Niko 's era .
The work that Marian and I were doing on the statistics of decision - making fitted into the mathematical atmosphere rather well .
And I became increasingly addicted to programming computers .
The Dawkins Organ was only one of several programming projects to which I devoted more time than was good for me or my career .
While still at Bevington Road , I had devised my own language , BEVPAL , to speed up machine code programming for the PDP - 8 ( indeed the Organ program was itself partly written in BEVPAL ) .
I now wrote a program to translate any program from one language to another .
Not a very useful exercise , but it taught me a lot about the theory of syntax and enabled me to read Chomsky with far more comprehension than I otherwise could have mustered .
Again using syntactic principles , I wrote a program to simulate the song of any cricket .
Punningly called Stridul - 8 , this PDP - 8 program was planned for an ambitious series of experiments on a laboratory population of crickets of the Pacific Island species Teleogryllus oceanicus , which my graduate student Ted Burk maintained from stocks supplied by my old Berkeley friend David Bentley .
David had persuaded me that crickets were the animals that everybody should be working on .
Although
Ted went on to complete a good doctorate on other aspects of cricket behaviour , my project on behavioural responsiveness of crickets to computer - generated song was never completed , and my song - simulation software was scarcely used in earnest , though it worked well and was versatile enough for anybody to synthesize the song of any cricket in the world .
One of my most ambitious programming projects was inspired by daily exposure to the ethos of the McFarland research group .
The talk in the coffee room and the evening seminars was of control theory models of animal behaviour : boxes and arrows and feedback loops .
The natural way to simulate a control model is with an analog computer .
You set up a model by patching together a circuit of modules with names like integrator , subtractor , adder , multiplier , comparator .
Then you switch on the analog computer and see what happens .
We did n't possess an analog computer , but I was taken with the idea that a digital computer can be programmed to do anything that any other machine can do , so I set out to program the PDP - 8 to behave like an analog computer .
Writing my GenSim program probably was n't a good use of my time , and , as with the language translation program and the cricket song simulator , the software was scarcely ever used , but the exercise taught me a lot about integral calculus , and it equipped me to keep abreast of Robin McCleery , Richard Sibly , Alasdair Houston , Ivor Lloyd and the other control theorists of the McFarland group who dominated my world at the time .
For me , the decision - making work , which I had begun with my thesis and continued in the joint papers with Marian , came to a climax — and closure — in 1975 .
On their 25th anniversary , our sister group at Madingley decided to hold a birthday conference , to which both David McFarland and I were invited as the Oxford contingent .
I threw myself into producing something completely new , and spent a year , with Marian 's constant advice and encouragement , working on a paper on Hierarchical Organization ( Dawkins 1976a ) .
I wo n't try to summarise it here , but it is of all my papers perhaps the one to which I devoted the most hard thought and concentrated effort .
A red -letter year for me and the end of an era ( that 's what I meant by ' closure ' ) , 1976 was also the year in which my first book , The Selfish Gene was published ( Dawkins 1976 b ) .
Selfish Genery
Once again , the real story of The Selfish Gene was less tidy .
It was n't really a new departure after ' closure ' .
I had actually written the first chapter two years earlier .
The winter of 1973 was a time of industrial unrest in Britain under Edward ' Grocer ' Heath , and there was a period known as the three day week when electricity was available only intermittently .
This made my normal research impossible and I turned to something that needed only sunlight ( or , at most , candles ) .
I would write a book , expounding the “ gene 's eye view ” that had dominated my lectures at Oxford and Berkeley in the 1960s .
I was moved to do so by a spate of popular books of the time , which promoted a kind of group selection .
The authors of these books , for example Konrad Lorenz and Robert Ardrey , never properly realised they were promoting group selection .
They seem to have so misunderstood Darwinian natural selection as to think that it actually was a theory of group selection !
My main motive in writing The Selfish Gene was to counteract this by expounding neo-Darwinism from first principles , and that meant — so I maintained — the “ gene 's eye view ” .
The three day week came to an end .
I went back to the laboratory and put my unfinished chapter away in a drawer until 1975 when I took a sabbatical leave , dusted off the chapter again , and finished the whole book rather swiftly .
By then new theoretical ideas , by Robert Trivers and John Maynard Smith were available to supplement those of Bill Hamilton and George Williams , which had inspired the first chapter .
On Desmond Morris 's advice , I showed some chapters to Tom Maschler , doyen of London publishers , in his spacious , book lined room at Jonathan Cape .
He liked the book but not the title : ' selfish ' is a ' down word ' ; I should call the book The Immortal Gene .
Perhaps he was right .
He might have published the book but meanwhile Roger Elliott , the professor of Theoretical Physics and a colleague at New College , had introduced me to Michael Rodgers of Oxford University Press and from then on there was never any question about who would publish it .
Michael simply had to have the book , and he would not rest until he got it : “ I have n't been able to sleep since I read it .
I must have that book . ”
There is something exhilarating in having your first book published , especially when you have a publisher like Michael Rodgers .
In joking reference to ecological theory , he has described himself as a ' K - selected publisher ' , and that is exactly right , with the addition of the adjective ' obstinate ' .
If your publisher is K - selected and obstinate , and if he really likes your book , there are no lengths to which he will not go on its behalf .
One anecdote .
The International Ethological Conference in 1977 was at Bielefeld .
I was invited to give a plenary talk , and I used it to introduce the idea of the extended phenotype as an outgrowth from The Selfish Gene .
The conference bookshop had a few copies of that book , and they instantly sold out .
The bookseller frantically telephoned Oxford University Press to try to get emergency reinforcements and she received a brush - off from one of the suits who infest such organizations : “ Whom do we have the honour of addressing ?
Well , you must understand , we have procedures to go through , you might get the books in three weeks if you are lucky . ”
Three weeks would have been much too late : the conference would be long over .
The German bookseller appealed to me for help , and I telephoned Michael Rodgers .
My memory still hears the slam of his fist on the desk : “ Good !
You 've come to the right man ! ” I do n't know how he did it but , the very next day , a large box of books arrived in Bielefeld .
I had indeed gone to the right man .
Not just on that occasion , but in the first place .
If you have a book to sell , go to a K - selected publisher .
An obstinate one .
The Selfish Gene was well received by the critics , almost the only major exception being Richard Lewontin , a man of fabled intelligence who completely missed the point and thought it was an advocacy of panglossianism and genetic determinism !
It was an especial joy for me to receive a rave review from my intellectual hero Bill Hamilton , lately migrated from London where he felt unappreciated , to Michigan , where he was deservedly appreciated by the flourishing group of Darwinian social theorists under Richard Alexander .
I met Bill in a London underground train , shortly before his departure for Michigan .
He told me he was reading The Selfish Gene and far preferred it to Sociobiology , which , of course , delighted me .
His review in Science , when it eventually appeared , was all that I could have hoped for .
Not just complimentary but deeply and idiosyncratically thoughtful .
Bill characteristically ended by quoting two poems , one by Wordsworth ( the famous lines on the statue of Newton in Trinity College , Cambridge ) and one by Housman ( I do n't know whether Bill consciously identified with the melancholy protagonist of A Shropshire Lad , but it would have been in character ) :
From far , from eve and morning
And yon twelve - winded sky ,
The stuff of life to knit me
Blew hither : here am I
. . . . .
Speak now , and I will answer ;
How shall I help you , say ;
Ere to the wind 's twelve quarters
I take my endless way .
What “ stuff ” and what “ I ” was Housman referring to , Bill wondered : memes or genes .
Bill later became my Oxford colleague and dear friend .
His premature loss remains hard to bear .
I organized his secular funeral in New College chapel , and spoke a eulogy , which is reproduced as Chapter 4.1 of A Devil 's Chaplain .
After The Selfish Gene and the Bielefeld conference , my research interests took a new turn with the arrival in Oxford of Jane Brockmann as a post - doc .
Her PhD under Jack Hailman at Wisconsin was a field study of digger wasps , Sphex ichneumoneus , American solitary wasps similar to those made famous by Tinbergen and Baerends in Holland .
Jane 's study was a classic of field observation .
She colour - marked all the individual females digging and provisioning nests in two study areas .
She possessed precisely timed records of exactly when each marked individual started digging a burrow , left it , returned with prey , left again , entered another wasp 's burrow , fought with another individual , sealed up a burrow , started another burrow , etc .
She had used her data for a completely different purpose in her thesis .
But it was Alan Grafen at Oxford who clearly saw the econometric possibilities opened up by such carefully timed individual data as Jane had gathered .
In mentioning Alan , I need to digress for a moment .
I have taught , and learned from , some good students in my time , both undergraduate and postgraduate .
But I am sure they would not mind my singling out Alan Grafen , Mark Ridley and Yan Wong as ex-students from whom I have learned hugely more than I ever gave them as a teacher .
Alan was , at the time of Jane Brockmann 's year in Oxford , doing a master 's degree in mathematical economics after his BA in experimental psychology ( during which I had tutored him ) .
He was greatly valued as a kind of honorary member of the Animal Behaviour Research Group , in advance of joining it formally to do his D. Phil ( Oxford - speak for PhD ) with me .
Alan 's formidable intellect devoured Jane 's data like a swarm of locusts .
Alan and Jane showed me how a really good collaboration can be one of the great pleasures science has to offer .
What Alan taught Jane and me during that collaboration ( Brockmann , Grafen and Dawkins , 1979 ) was the importance of time as an economic variable in animal behaviour .
I gladly pay tribute to the earlier mentoring I received from Niko Tinbergen and Mike Cullen .
But what I later learned from the young Alan Grafen during our wasp work was , I think , at least as influential on me .
Alan was n't so directly involved in the two further papers that Jane and I wrote on digger wasps ( Brockmann & Dawkins 1979 , Dawkins & Brockmann 1980 ) , but his extraordinary biological and economic intuition continued to guide us .
The second of those two papers , by the way , was an intriguing demonstration that digger wasps behaved as if committing the ' Concorde Fallacy ' , a term that I had introduced in The Selfish Gene ( and in Dawkins & Carlisle 1976 ) .
The learning process carried on after Jane took up her faculty position at the University of Florida at Gainesville .
I went there for a sabbatical term , taking Alan , who was by now my graduate student , with me .
Jane and I ran a graduate seminar and it was almost embarrassing how , in the nicest possible way , Alan seemed naturally to take command .
He played the same role as he had during our Oxford collaboration , but now he was playing it for the benefit of a whole class of students , most of them older than he was .
I would summarise his gift as a quite extraordinary economic and biological intuition .
Mathematics comes into it , but Alan is like R A Fisher in that , although he can do the mathematics explicitly ( and does so in his published work ) it is his biological intuition that lifts him over mathematicians who think they are qualified to take over biology .
As Marian put it in the Preface to one of her excellent books , Alan has “ the annoying habit of always being right . ”
He is now my colleague at Oxford .
My sabbatical term at Gainesville was my opportunity — enriched by numerous discussions with Alan and Jane — to break the back of my second book , The Extended Phenotype .
It is the only one of my ten books aimed primarily at a scholarly audience of scientific colleagues , but I like to think that all of them can be read with profit by professionals as well as amateurs .
I finished it when I returned to England , and it was published in 1982 .
Of all my books , I think it is my most original , although the novel part does n't really start until Chapter 11 , ' The Genetical Evolution of Animal Artefacts ' where I introduce the idea of the extended phenotype itself .
There is n't space to expound it here , of course .
I reprised the main argument in the second edition of The Selfish Gene .
Earlier chapters consist of replies to critics of The Selfish Gene and various other exercises in clarification and cleaning up .
The book benefited from a month I spent in Panama .
The Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute had the good habit of inviting biologists to ' interact with ' the resident field researchers on Barro Colorado Island and my stint overlapped , happily , with John Maynard Smith's .
To spend time with John anywhere would be a privilege .
To do so in a tropical jungle , in the company of locally expert naturalists , was a bonus .
How I miss him , but of course biologists all over the world are saying that .
I never worked in the same department as John , but I revered him as a mentor in the same class as Niko , Mike Cullen and Bill Hamilton at Oxford .
I first got to know him at the BBC in London , where Peter Jones was producing a documentary version of The Selfish Gene for Horizon ( Horizon documentaries were frequently rebranded with an American accent as ' Nova ' ) .
I was too nervous to accept Peter 's invitation to present the show , which was a good thing as John was better than I could ever have been .
The documentary undoubtedly helped sales of the book .
Some eight years later , I was approached by another Horizon producer / director , Jeremy Taylor , who was planning a documentary on the ' prisoner 's dilemma ' , with special reference to Robert Axelrod 's computer tournament ( 1984 , reprinted 1990 ) .
Jeremy wanted me to present the show , and this time I had the courage to say yes .
It was released under the title ' Nice Guys Finish First ' .
As a result of this title , I became briefly regarded as a champion of niceness instead of selfishness , which was a welcome , if temporary change .
I was wooed by three great corporations , each eager to demonstrate their niceness .
The Chairman of Marks and Spencer invited me to lunch in the boardroom so he could explain to me how nice his company was to its employees ( a fact that I have no reason to doubt ) .
A woman from the public relations department of Mars Bars gave me lunch in order to persuade me that her company 's motivation was not to make money but to distribute sweetness to consumers .
And a man from IBM flew me to Brussels to preside over a day of prisoner 's dilemma - style gaming for middle executives undergoing a refresher course .
The idea was to instill in them a spirit of amicable cooperation , but unfortunately it backfired .
The suited executives were divided into three teams : the Reds , Blues and Greens .
They played for notional money , not real , but shortly before the game ended ( and , of course precisely because it was about to end ) , the Reds suddenly betrayed a whole day of cooperative trust by reneging on the Blues .
The bitterness was so palpable and personal , they all had to have counselling for fear they would be unable to work together in the future .
As for the idea of The Selfish Gene being an advocacy of either selfishness or niceness , both were absurd , and good examples of the inflated importance of titles .
The ' selfishness ' we are talking about is of genes .
From selfish genes , either altruism or selfishness at the individual organism level might flow , depending on the economic conditions that obtained .
That was the whole point !
As with The Selfish Gene a decade earlier , British sales of The Blind Watchmaker received a boost from a BBC Horizon documentary that shared its name .
Like ' Nice Guys Finish First ' it was directed by Jeremy Taylor and presented by me .
A new bout of programming addiction fed into the book , my ' computer biomorphs ' simulation of evolution by artificial selection , the word ' biomorphs ' being borrowed from Desmond Morris 's paintings .
I described in my book the surreal exhilaration that the emergent biomorphs induced in me : - When I wrote the program , I never thought that it would evolve anything more than a variety of tree - like shapes .
I had hoped for weeping willows , cedars of Lebanon , Lombardy poplars , seaweeds , perhaps deer antlers .
Nothing in my biologist 's intuition , nothing in my 20 years ' experience of programming computers , and nothing in my wildest dreams prepared me for what actually emerged on the screen .
I can't remember exactly when in the sequence it first began to dawn on me that an evolved resemblance to something like an insect was possible .
With a wild surmise , I began to breed , generation after generation , from whichever child looked most like an insect .
My incredulity grew in parallel with the evolving resemblance .
. .
I still cannot conceal from you my feeling of exultation as I first watched these exquisite creatures emerging before my eyes .
I distinctly heard the triumphal opening chords of Also sprach Zarathustra ( the ' 2001 theme ' ) in my mind .
I could n't eat , and that night ' my ' insects swarmed behind my eyelids as I tried to sleep .
My next writing project was the second edition of The Selfish Gene ( 1989 ) commissioned by O.U.P. and published in 1989 .
Right from the start , the publishers agreed that the original text should remain unchanged , warts and all .
Revisions would take the form of extensive endnotes , some of them quite long .
And there would be two completely new chapters , ' Nice Guys Finish First ' ( the title came from my BBC television documentary , and the subject matter mostly from Robert Axelrod ) and ' The Long Reach of the Gene ' ( a potted version of the last four chapters of The Extended Phenotype ) .
In writing all three new portions , I was hugely helped by Helena Cronin while , in return , I offered modest help to her with her own beautiful book , The Ant and the Peacock .
I have always enjoyed collaborating , and wish I had done more of it .
My three joint papers with John Krebs showed me how immensely valuable joint thinking can be — like a kind of mutual tutorial .
In 1978 , we wrote a chapter on ' Animal signals : information or manipulation ( Dawkins and Krebs , 1978 ) .
This paper , and its sequel ( Krebs and Dawkins , 1984 ) were influential in redirecting the attention of students of animal communication , in two ways .
Instead of treating communication as a mainly cooperative enterprise , we stressed deception ( mainly under John 's influence ) and manipulation ( this was my contribution ) .
It is often not realised that deception and manipulation are not the same thing , although both are important .
In 1979 , John Maynard Smith and Robin Holliday convened a meeting of the Royal Society on the Evolution of Adaptation by Natural Selection , and they invited John and me to present a joint paper .
The subject we chose was evolutionary arms races ( Dawkins and Krebs , 1979 ) , and I think it was at least as valuable a contribution as our joint papers on animal signals .
The contribution to that symposium that I mostly remember was the paper on comparative studies of adaptation by Tim Clutton - Brock and Paul Harvey .
It pulled the rug from under Gould and Lewontin 's ' critique of the adaptationist programme ' ( 1979 ) .
Characteristically , however , Gould blithely went ahead and ignored Clutton - Brock and Harvey when he delivered his ' Spandrels ' paper later in the same day .
Even the ludicrously over - rated written version of that paper did n't deign to mention Clutton - Brock and Harvey ( 1979 ) .
My life became increasingly driven by commissions rather than my own initiatives .
I was invited to give the 1991 Royal Institution Christmas Lectures for Children , five one - hour lectures for a ' juvenile auditory ' ( the words of Michael Faraday , founder of the lectures ) and since 1966 televised in their entirety .
After much justified hesitation , I agreed .
Not the least humbling aspect was the list of my predecessors , which began with Faraday himself and ran through just about every household name in British science ever since .
The Christmas Lectures are apt to take over a scientist 's life in a way no other commitment easily does .
I wo n't say the lecturer 's every footstep and gesture is choreographed for the benefit of the television audience , but there is some truth in the exaggeration .
My series of five lectures was headed ' Growing Up in the Universe ' .
' Growing up ' had three meanings , on different timescales : first , on a timescale of decades , the growing up of an individual 's understanding of the world — especially appropriate for a series of lectures for children ; second , on the historical timescale of centuries , the growth of humanity 's understanding of the universe ; and third , on the geological timescale of millions of years , growing up in the sense of evolution .
At one time I thought of writing a book with the same title , and it even mysteriously found its way onto an Amazon list .
However , as it turned out , the theme was too big for one book and it spread into two : Climbing Mount Improbable , published in 1996 and Unweaving the Rainbow in 1998 , whose publication was delayed by a shorter book , River Out of Eden , commissioned by my literary agent John Brockman and the publisher Anthony Cheetham .
Unweaving the Rainbow owed more than just its subtitle ( Science , Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder ) to my Richard Dimbleby Lecture , commissioned by the BBC and televised in 1996 .
Climbing Mount Improbable incorporated a colour version of the biomorphs program ( mostly written during a gloriously productive fortnight in Los Angeles as the guest of Alan Kay and his pioneering group within the Apple company ) .
It also included ' arthromorphs ' , perhaps the most biologically interesting program I have written , in which I collaborated with Ted Kaehler , one of Alan Kay 's most brilliant colleagues .
I think Climbing Mount Improbable is a candidate for my favourite of all my books , and it is surely the most under -rated .
The arthromorphs are the centrepiece of a chapter called ' Kaleidoscopic Embryos ' which , together with ' The Museum of All Shells ' , I think captures something of the flavour of what later became known as ' evo - devo ' .
River Out of Eden and Climbing Mount Improbable were both illustrated by Lalla Ward , who had recently become my wife .
Though an accomplished artist , Lalla 's main profession was acting .
She is best known as Dr Who 's companion , but was distinguished by her role as Ophelia to Derek Jacobi in the BBC television production of Hamlet .
Her beautiful speaking voice came into its own again in 1996 when I was touring the USA , promoting Climbing Mount Improbable .
I got laryngitis and I lost my voice . . . in San Francisco .
The show must go on , and Lalla stepped into the breach , doing elegant readings from the book , after which I croaked out answers to questions from the audience .
We continued like that for the rest of the tour and her readings were such a success that , even after my voice came back , we maintained the formula as a double act when promoting all my later books , and also when recording audio books .
Audiences agree that the two - voice pattern makes for easier listening .
I think , too , that I have learned from Lalla how to read aloud , and it stood me in good stead recently in my difficult task of recording an audio version of The Origin of Species .
In that undertaking , I made no attempt to act the part of Darwin but instead worked hard on the phrasing and stressing , to make his prose as understandable as I possibly could .
Charles Simonyi Professor
By the early 1990s I had become fretful at my long service as University Lecturer in Animal Behaviour and Tutorial Fellow of New College .
Much as I had loved the tutorial system as an undergraduate , I could n't help feeling that as a tutor , with the best will in the world , I was becoming a little jaded .
Promotion to the distinctively Oxford rank of Reader was a gratifying honour , but the workload remained the same .
Approaching my last decade before retiring , I felt that I needed a complete change in order to give of my best .
At the same time , the professional fundraisers at Oxford University 's Development Office had the idea of using my reputation as an author to raise the money for a new Professorship in the Public Understanding of Science .
They briefed Oxford 's New York office , which set about exploring various possibilities until they found the perfect benefactor .
Charles Simonyi , originally from Hungary , was one of Microsoft 's most brilliant software designers ( he has now left to found his own company , Intentional Software ) .
He has a deeply informed interest in science , and a dedicated commitment to its promotion .
A tentative approach from Oxford 's New York office revealed that he admired my books , and prompted an invitation for Lalla and me to visit Seattle .
He invited about 30 people to dine with us from the high - tech electronics , software and biotech industries , including Bill Gates , Nathan Myhrvold and other luminaries .
Charles presented every dinner guest with a copy of River Out of Eden , which had just been published .
When , at the end of the dinner , he called on me to speak , I became alarmingly aware that this was my audition ( as Lalla , with her acting background , put it ) for a part that I very much wanted to play .
Even more alarming was the question and answer session afterwards .
A lifetime among university academics had hardened me to intelligent and searching questions , but the high - tech whiz kids of Charles 's West coast circle conferred new meaning on both ' intelligent ' and ' searching ' .
I felt lucky to come through in one piece .
The next day Charles piloted us in his helicopter for a breathtaking ride towards the Canadian border , jostling the skyscrapers of Seattle on the homeward journey .
Back on terra firma , a ten - minute meeting between him and Michael Cunningham of Oxford 's New York office apparently clinched the deal .
There were details to be worked out , but from our homebound plane window the dreamlike vision of Mount Rainier rearing up through the clouds seemed to promise an exciting new career : Charles Simonyi Professor of the Public Understanding of Science .
Oxford has a good rule that no individual should be promoted as a result of a benefaction .
Therefore , although Charles had endowed a full Professorship , I gratefully accepted the job initially at the lower level of Reader , which was the same level as my existing job , and I even took a cut in salary .
A year later , after undergoing Oxford 's customarily rigorous process of peer - reviewed vetting for promotion , I was raised to the rank of Professor .
Charles was generous enough to endow the post in perpetuity , so I am only the first of what I hope will be many Simonyi Professors at the University of Oxford .
Charles 's manifesto , which he wrote for the guidance of future Oxfords seems to me a model of generous far - sightedness , and I have reproduced it on my website ( Dawkins , 2008 c ) .
One of the first things I did , on assuming the Chair , was to make a modest endowment to New College to finance an annual lecture in Charles 's honour .
Lecturers have included two Nobel Prizewinners , the President of the Royal Society and many other distinguished scientists .
After Unweaving the Rainbow , my next writing project was the largest and most demanding of my career : The Ancestor 's Tale .
Once again it was a commission , this time by Anthony Cheetham of Orion Books .
Anthony and his wife Georgina had been friends since he published River Out of Eden in 1995 .
Lalla and I were staying with them in their country house at Paxford in the Cotswold Hills , on the very day that little book first hit Number One in the British bestseller list , so it was a house of good omen .
Some time in 1998 , in the same house , Anthony urged me to write a big book , a magnum opus on the evolutionary history of the whole of life .
To say that I had cold feet would be to overstate their temperature .
I understood well what a lot of work it would be .
At the same time , something told me that I needed a major challenge .
Having given up the daily round , the common task of a tutorial fellow for the comparative luxury of the Simonyi Professorship , I felt that I owed it to Oxford , and to Dr Simonyi , not to relax but to push myself to a new limit .
I think I quoted Yeats , “ The fascination of what 's difficult . . . ”
On a subsequent weekend , in an effort to help me resolve my shilly - shallying , Lalla drove over to Paxford alone , to discuss the matter with Anthony further .
When she returned full of enthusiasm , I took the plunge and signed the contract .
It would take five years to complete and , as it seemed , nearly killed me .
Looking back on those five years , I now do not understand how the project was ever finished .
Several times I approached the brink of giving up and handing back the ( frighteningly generous ) advance .
I think the only things that kept me going were Lalla 's unswerving moral support , and the talented and hard work of my research assistant Yan Wong .
Yan had been my student at New College , one of the best undergraduates I ever had .
I suppose he was my grandstudent too , since Alan Grafen supervised his doctoral thesis .
Before he had finished his thesis , I hired Yan to work with me on The Ancestor 's Tale .
I can't imagine anybody more suitable .
He had the breadth of biological knowledge , the diligence and dedication , the computer expertise , and , not least , the literate wit and good humour to see me through the desponds .
Somehow we finished the book , and it has to be the achievement in my life that was the hardest to complete .
It is a comprehensive history of life written backwards , in the form of a Chaucerian pilgrimage from the present to the evolutionary past .
Despite
Yan 's help , I became so embarrassed at the slow progress I was making that in 2002 I offered Anthony Cheetham , and the American publisher Houghton Mifflin , another book , as a sop .
This was a collection of essays , mostly previously published but gathered together into some kind of coherent order .
It was published in 2003 as A Devil 's Chaplain .
Apart from the title essay , which I wrote specially for it , and some connecting notes mustering the essays into themed sections , no new writing was required , so it could all be assembled quite fast , with the knowledgeable assistance of my Editor , Latha Menon .
It distracted me for a while from the big book , and I think it really did enable me to return to that book , refreshed for the task of completing it by 2005 .
I suppose that in an autobiographical chapter I should say something about honours .
In 2001 I was overjoyed to be elected a Fellow of the Royal Society , the highest accolade my country can bestow on a scientist .
As a scientist interested in communicating the love of science , I am also gratified that my first two Honorary Degrees were Doctorates of Literature ( rather than Science as all the others have been ) .
The first of these was from St Andrews , which is Britain 's third oldest university after Oxford and Cambridge , and one of its most distinguished .
It was a great pleasure to me when my daughter Juliet enrolled there to begin her training as a doctor .
I have also been fortunate during my career to win some valued prizes , including the 1994 Nakayama Prize for Achievement in Human Science , the 1997 International Cosmos Prize , the 2001 Kistler Prize , and the 2005 Shakespeare Prize for Contributions to British Culture .
On one of the expeditions to Japan to accept a prize , Lalla and I were accompanied to the ceremony by the British Ambassador and his wife , Sir John and Lady Boyd , who had become dear friends since we first met them on a previous visit when I reprised the Christmas Lectures in Japan .
After the prize giving there was a group photograph , for which we all had to sit in a very neat row .
A neat - suited young woman employed by the photographer bustled along the chairs , adjusting our knees to perfect symmetry and our shoes to flawless alignment .
When she reached Julia Boyd and Lalla , well - bred politeness struggled but failed to restrain their giggles .
The photographer 's assistant literally reached inside their skirts to straighten their tights .
Gospel truth .
My next book after The Ancestor 's Tale was The God Delusion ( 2006 ) .
It is not so detached from my scientific career as some might think , but I shall say little about it here , nevertheless .
It sold more than a million copies in English even before the American paperback was published , and it is being published in more than 30 languages .
Its success has prompted me to start my own charitable foundation for the promotion of Reason and Science — actually two sister foundations , one in Britain and one in the USA .
Most recently , my latest book ( 2008 ) is The Oxford Book of Modern Science Writing , an anthology again assembled with the help of Latha Menon .
That brings me to the present .
I have entered my retirement year , but I can't detect in myself any desire to wind down .
Quite the contrary .
My charitable foundations , and the consciousness - raising exercise associated with my website ( www.RichardDawkins.net) run from California by the incomparable Josh Timonen , seem to have rejuvenated me and filled me with enthusiasm for the future .
In March 2007 , Josh and the website regulars secretly conspired to put together a 66th birthday tribute for me ( two thirds of a century ) to which more than 3000 people from around the world contributed ( http://richarddawkins.net/happybirthdayRD).
The previous year , Helena Cronin organized a celebration at the London School of Economics for the 30th anniversary of The Selfish Gene .
The overflow audience heard speeches by the philosopher Daniel Dennett , the novelist Ian McEwan , and the biologists John Krebs and Matt Ridley .
And , again at about the same time , Oxford University Press published a Festschrift volume , edited by Alan Grafen and Mark Ridley under the title Richard Dawkins :
How a scientist changed the way we think , with all new essays specially written for the book by 26 authors : the biologists Andrew Read , John Krebs , Michael Hansell , Marian Stamp Dawkins , David Haig , Alan Grafen , Patrick Bateson , David Barash and Matt Ridley , the historians Helena Cronin , Ullica Segerstråle and Marek Kohn , the physicist David Deutsch , the philosophers Daniel Dennett , A.C. Grayling , Michael Ruse and Kim Sterelny , the psychologists Martin Daly and Margot Wilson , the psychiatrist Randolph Nesse , the publisher and editor Michael Shermer , the memeticist Robert Aunger , the linguist Steven Pinker , the computer scientist Seth Bullock , the novelist Philip Pullman and the theologian Bishop Richard Harries .
To be presented with a dedicated essay by any one of these distinguished individuals would have been an honour in itself .
To receive 26 essays all bound together , and edited by my two most outstanding pupils . . . well , what can I say ?
My cup runneth over .
But now , move on , there 's work to be done !
___
Chapter 8 of L Drickamer & D Dewsbury ( 2009 ) Leaders of Animal Behaviour — The Second Generation .
Cambridge University Press .
A volume of invited autobiographical chapters by ethologists .
How many times have we seen Dick Cheney 's mug plastered across our TV screens over the past 12 months , spewing garbage about the Obama administration putting the lives of the American people at risk ?
Two of the four leaders allegedly behind the al Qaeda plot to blow up a Northwest Airlines passenger jet over Detroit were released by the U.S. from the Guantanamo prison in November , 2007 , according to American officials and Department of Defense documents .
Al Qaeda claimed responsibility for the Northwest bombing in a Monday statement that vowed more attacks on Americans .
American officials agreed to send the two terrorists from Guantanamo to Saudi Arabia where they entered into an " art therapy rehabilitation program " and were set free , according to U.S. and Saudi officials .
Somehow this brings to mind what Cheney had to say just weeks after President Obama took office :
When we get people who are more concerned about reading the rights to an Al Qaeda terrorist than they are with protecting the United States against people who are absolutely committed to do anything they can to kill Americans , then I worry .
So , how 's that protecting America one still life painting class at a time working out , eh , Dick ?
Peyote and their plight
The progress for peyote has not been so extensive despite its proximity to and shared danger with star cactus .
Peyote and star cactus are both sought after by collectors .
A single wild - grown specimen of star cactus can sell for hundreds of dollars to a collector .
Peyote is harvested by licensed “ peyoteros ” for sale to the many Native American churches collectively known as the Native American Church ( NAC ) .
The latest figures published by the Texas Department of Public Safety , the state agency that oversees this legal trade , show declining sales to the NAC in the face of well documented increasing demand ( see National Geographic , April 2006 , “ Culture ” section ) .
The Nature Conservancy has not placed peyote on their priority list of species in need of protection by acquisition of habitat , based on the fact that peyote is not a federally listed endangered species ; though it is now listed as “ vulnerable ” by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .
This leaves it to the CCI to pursue this worthy goal , with the hopes of leading the way for others .
The fact that these two cacti occupy similar , often contiguous habitats , provides an opportunity to create a single refuge for both .
Both are extremely slow growing .
Both are collected for their intrinsic value to their admirers .
Peyote is being cut repeatedly within its range by peyoteros , reducing its natural potential to propagate by seeding .
( See “ A Tale of Two Cacti ” . )
Star cactus has been pushed much closer to extinction than peyote .
As increasing demand for peyote prompts ever more frequent cutting , it appears that peyote will be pushed down the same trail that star cactus has been .
One reason peyote is not designated as endangered is because peyote has a much more extensive geographic range than star cactus ( both in the U.S. and in Mexico ) .
Unlike star cactus , which is endangered throughout its range , peyote is endangered at the local population level in those areas where peyoteros have access and harvest too frequently .
On large ranches where peyote is adequately protected by the landowners or is remote enough from road access , it tends to be less hard pressed .
Peyote ’s use as a sacrament and the shrinking area of land available to the peyoteros for harvesting has lead to the widespread scarcity perceived by NAC members when they seek to buy it legally from the licensed dealers – where the buttons get smaller and more expensive every year .
Even the number of distributors has shrunk along with the availability of wild peyote since some can no longer get enough supply to justify the $ 1,523 annual distributor ’s registration fee to the federal regulatory authorities ( DEA ) .
The increasing demand by the NAC church members , who travel from all over North America to Texas to buy , only increases the danger that more acreage will be opened to overharvest .
Those areas where harvesting is currently forbidden by landowners are not permanently protected .
Their decisions to exclude are made season to season and are not binding on subsequent owners or managers .
We invite you to examine what we ’re doing and urge you to help in creating this sanctuary .
A week or so ago , co-vocabularists were invited to post questions on the future of communication to the French linguist Claude Hagège – author of “ On the Death and Life of Languages . ”
Mr. Hagège ’s detailed and thought - provoking answers are below :
Q .
Who says English is going to dominate forever ?
Last I checked , India and China are ascendant and the US is in decline … – Brian Bailey
A .
Hindi ( the most spoken language in India ) and Mandarin Chinese might replace English as dominant languages some day .
But two reasons at least lead one to think that the process could be long :
( i) Hindi is not widespread outside Asia , and there is presently no special effort to promote it worldwide .
As for Mandarin Chinese , it is true that a great number of Confucius Institutes are scheduled to be built by China in various countries , but we cannot know today the result of this decision ;
( ii ) The publications ( books , internet , etc. ) in English cover all domains of knowledge , let alone the presence of English in all other activities .
These traces of the worldwide spread of English will not disappear .
Q .
What role , if any , do you think that arts play in the survival of a language ?
– Adam
A .
I would tend to think that arts play a rather limited role in the survival of a language .
This applies , in particular , to painting , sculpture and architecture , which are particular types of communication , able to deliver messages by using other means than words .
However , historically , many traces of extinct languages are transmitted to us by linguistic messages which accompany works of art .
For instance , many old religious buildings , shrines , temples , churches contain inscriptions .
Archaic mints exhibit carved words which keep traces of Latin , classical Greek , Pharaonic Egyptian , Sumerian , Coptic , Turkish , etc. Poems in Classical Chinese often accompany Chinese paintings .
Finally , old forms of various languages are conserved in musical works in which the melody is accompanied by the words of one or another language .
Q .
In your study of languages , do you distinguish between what is commonly referred to as British English and American English ?
If so , how do you apply that distinction in terms of assessing the health of a spoken language ?
I am also thinking of various forms of French , Spanish , and German that are not considered regional dialects .
– Henry Krawitz
A .
The existence of various forms of a spoken language can both prove its health and bear signs of its split .
Due to continuous relationships across the Atlantic , the American form of English has not become a language entirely different from British English , even though many phonetic , lexical , and , to a lesser extent , grammatical features are not the same on both sides of the Atlantic , and make it possible to assign a certain way of speaking either to British or to American English .
But at the same time , the spread of a language in many parts of the world can generate increasingly diverging forms .
The English spoken in India , in Thailand , in the Philippines , to take three Asian examples , and the English spoken in Uganda , Tanzania and Nigeria , to take three African examples , are different enough to have given rise to a new discipline within linguistics , namely the study of N ( on ) N( ative ) V( arieties ) of E( nglish ) .
It is not ruled out that these Englishes might some day become as many different languages .
This evolution is less likely in the case of French and Spanish .
The reason for that is not far to seek .
There is no established norm of English , that would be imposed , whether after the British or the American model , on all those who express themselves in this language .
As opposed to that , other languages which also have an international vocation are much more unified .
Such is the case of French , which is official or widely used in the 70 countries of the OIF ( Organisation Internationale de la Francophonie ) .
Forms of French that are not considered regional dialects , like those used in Quebec , southern Belgium or Romance Switzerland , are more or less modelled of Parisian French , even though there are phonetic and lexical differences between them .
This is largely due to the permanent communication between the speakers of these forms of French .
Similarly , lexicographers and grammarians from all the countries which speak Spanish , in Europe and Central and South America , gather regularly in order to establish a common norm for this language , even in its spoken form .
Q .
A language is irreplaceable , just like an animal or plant species .
And those of us who love languages know that a language is not just words : it mirrors and defines a way of life , a way of thinking , a unique view of reality .
My question : at what point do we declare that a language has died ?
– Paulette
A .
A language is declared to be dead when the last , generally old , people who still spoke it die without having transmitted it to their children and grandchildren .
Thus the two , mutually related , criteria are : death of the last speakers and lack of transmission .
Q .
Dear Prof Hagège , Many thanks for fielding questions on your research from this forum .
I know that the Gaelic League struggled during the 1890s over which dialect to use for teaching Irish to the organization ’s exclusively English speakers .
They eventually chose the Irish spoken in Connaught over that of either Munster or Ulster , in part , because of its unique influence on the English also spoken there .
Remarkably , some also thought the English spoken in Connaught closer to older forms of spoken English , not least that of Shakespeare .
I hope , then , that you might speculate on the role played by hybridity in preserving and protecting endangered languages .
Best wishes , Adam
A .
Thank you for adducing the case of Connaught Irish , which seems to dovetail nicely with the idea ( hopefully not quite a speculation ! ) that hybridization may , in certain situations , protect a language , by conserving important parts of its original structure while , at the same time , importing other components from languages whose pressure might appear as threatening , but becomes , in that way , an enrichment and a diversification .
To the cases of the Copper Island language and Mbugu , mentioned in “ On the Death and Life of Languages , ” Connaught Irish may be added as a further convincing illustration .
Q .
Dear Mr. Hagège : have you found similarities between the way languages grasp the world ?
Thank you so much .
Carlos Salas
A .
There are differences and similarities between the ways languages grasp the world .
To begin with differences , let me mention only two examples among many :
( i) It is impossible in Mandarin Chinese to say something identical to English “ a book . ”
Between yì ( “ a , one ” ) and shū ( “ book ” ) , this language requires the addition of another word : běn , called a classifier by linguists because it refers to the class of objects to which books belong .
Thus , while English does not need to assign an object to a class , Chinese imposes this assignment on speakers .
Therefore , these two languages do not grasp the world in the same way , since the existence of classes of objects , a universal property of the world such as viewed and organized by human societies , is expressed here and left unexpressed there ;
( ii ) The expression of a meaning which is called semelfactive by linguists , namely “ occurrence of an event at least once in the past ” varies widely through languages .
Mandarin Chinese says , for example , John qù guo Yingguó ( John go SEMELFACTIVE England )
“ John has been ( at least once ) to England . ”
In Japanese , on the other hand , one has no choice but to say John ga Eikoku ni itta koto ga aru ( John SUBJECT .
MARKER England to went fact SUBJECT.
MARKER exists ) “ the fact that John has been to England exists , ” which may be considered a complex way of wording this meaning .
In English there is an interesting difference between John has gone to England and John has been to England .
The first sentence implies that John is now in England , or is on his way there , whereas the second sentence simply says that on at least one occasion John did in fact go to England .
This difference between go and be in English makes it possible to differentiate between a past event in general and one which is characterized as having occurred at least once .
But English , unlike Mandarin Chinese , has no specific form to express this last meaning .
Thus , we see that the occurrence of an event in the world , namely a meaning which is the same everywhere , is expressed in fairly different ways by these three languages .
However , there exists an important activity which clearly shows that even though the ways languages grasp the world may vary widely from one language to another , they all build , in fact , the same contents , and equivalent conceptions of the world .
This activity is translation .
Any text in any language can be translated into a text in another language .
These two texts express the same meaning .
We can therefore conclude that despite the differences between the ways languages grasp the world , all languages are easily convertible into one another , because humans interpret the world along the same , or comparable , semantic lines .
Q .
What ’s your take on whether distinct dialects ( say , of widely - used languages such as Chinese or Arabic ) will survive increasing globalization and a limited number of dialects of those languages being taught to nonnative speakers ?
Also , what languages native to the Americas still survive today , and in what capacities ?
Do these tongues have a future ?
– Allison .
A .
Increasing globalization concerns international commercial relationships rather than private communication .
It is unlikely that Arabian dialects , which are constantly used in oral exchange , will be ousted by literary Arabic , which is not spoken as a common conversation language in any Arabian country .
The same can be said of Chinese dialects , let alone Chinese languages other than Mandarin , like Cantonese .
Despite the spread of standard Chinese , which is taught in schools , languages and dialects spoken in China are not threatened by globalization .
The forms which are taught to nonnative speakers are not dialects whose number would be dwindling , but standard forms .
Furthermore , nonnatives are a minority if compared to the masses which use a variety of dialects .
As far as languages native to the Americas are concerned , the pressure of Spanish in Central and South America and English in North America has certainly brought about , from the seventeenth to the twentieth centuries , a decrease in the number of languages ( the problem , here , is different from that of dialects of widespread languages like Arabic or Chinese mentioned above ) .
However a number of Indian communities are striving to revive their vernacular languages , or to foster its widest possible use , and to preserve it against the perspective of extinction .
In the US and Canada Athabaskan languages such as Chipewyan and , especially , Navaho are strongly supported by teaching and maintenance in everyday life , and the same is true of some Algonquian languages .
In Mexico , Nahuatl ( Aztecan ) and Quiche ( Mayan ) are also backed by maintenance efforts , and widely used .
In Peru and Bolivia , the same applies to Quechua .
In Chile the Mapuches have so far resisted the pressure of Spanish , and succeeded in preserving a wide use of their language .
Paraguay has even gone as far as making Guarani an official language on the same level as Spanish .
The future of these tongues depends on the will of their speakers to maintain their use .
Judging by the strength of their identity feeling , which commands this will , it seems that some , at least , of the languages that coexist with widespread international languages might survive for some time .
Q .
What role do language immersion schools play in arresting the extinction of a culture or language ?
Do these help to maintain the cultural identity of a marginalized group ?
Also , what benefits does immersion show over book learning coupled with language coursework ?
Specifically , I ’m curious about Native American language immersion schools .
It ’s a fascinating topic , thank you .
– Jared
A .
Immersion schools have the power of arresting the extinction of a culture or language and maintaining the cultural identity of a marginalized group .
An example which I mention in my book “ On the Death and Life of Languages , ” Yale University Press , 2009 , is that of the Peach Springs experiment in Arizona ( p. 227 ) .
Beginning in 1975 , the immersion schools program succeeded in curbing the erosion of Hualapai , an Indian language formerly spoken there on a wide basis .
Immersion of course does not rule out book learning and language coursework .
They are all combined to strengthen the effort to protect endangered languages .
However , there is a problem with these immersion schools .
When children finish their courses in these schools , they resume their relationships with a society in which English is dominant .
The only way to maintain the knowledge and practice acquired in immersion schools would be to give the threatened Indian language , within the tribe or community which has decided to promote it through these schools , an official status on the same level as English .
Such an extension of the results obtained by immersion schools is not impossible , despite obvious practical difficulties in everyday life contexts , which put the Indian language in permanent contact with English .
This extension requires an important financial support .
This support itself implies a strong identity feeling , as is often found among Indian communities whose languages are endangered .
Q .
With the exponential growth of technology , accompanied by a proliferation of technical terms expressed the same across languages , will the richness and nuanced expression across languages be diminished .
– annieR
A .
The proliferation of technical terms that are expressed the same across languages as a result of the exponential growth of technology does not jeopardize in the least the richness and nuanced expression across languages , if only because what we express in our interpersonal relationships has little to do with technology .
Let us take affects and feelings as examples .
No one has reported , so far , that the many ways that exist , across languages , to declare oneself to somebody one loves are by no means diminished by the growth of technology .
Let me mention examples from my book , A Language - Lover ’s Dictionary of Languages ( French edition : Paris , Plon , 2009 ) :
“ I love you ” is expressed by “ I want you ” ( te quiero ) in Spanish , “ ( you ) are ( a ) love ( - source ) ( to me ) ” ( suki da ) in Japanese , “ I love towards you ” ( aku cinta pada mu ) in Indonesian , “ I love a part of you ” (! ) ( rakastan sinua ) in Finnish , “ I wish good ( things to happen ) to you ” ( ti voglio bene ) in Italian , “ to - me from - you love is ” ( mujhe tum - se pyar hê ) in Hindi and many other languages spoken in India , “ love I - have - you ” ( maite zaitut ) in Basque , “ to me you me - love - are ” ( me shen mi-kvar - khar ) in Georgian ( Georgia , southern Caucasus ) , “ I I - you - love ” ( she ro-haihu ) in Guarani ( Paraguay ) .
Other affects and feelings are expressed in very rich , diverse and nuanced ways across languages , whatever the impact of technology in our lives .
For example , shame is “ seen , ” or “ eaten , ” etc. , in such languages as Swahili ( Tanzania ) , Ewe ( Ghana and Togo ) or Mandarin Chinese ; illness “ has ” me in Moore ( Burkina Faso ) ; hunger and fear are “ on ” me in Irish ; “ my friend is sick ” or “ she is happy ” cannot be expressed in that way in Japanese , where one has to add a word meaning “ apparently ” or “ allegedly , ” because for speakers of this language , ego cannot refer to affects or feelings that s/he does not undergo him - or herself .
“ To be boring ” or “ to be bored ” are expressed as “ to have a millstone around the neck ” in Dutch , “ to get out from the elbow ” in Hungarian , “ to talk with one ’s lice ” in Subcarpathic Gypsy , “ to hunt flies ” in Moroccan Arabic , “ to have one ’s anus torn out ” in Maithili ( India ) , “ to suck the marrow ” in Yiddish .
To the best of my knowledge , such expressions , far from being threatened by the growth of technology , continuously flourish across languages .
Q .
This article briefly discusses how the loss of a language can erase its original and creative conceptions of reality from the pages of history and the minds of humanity .
With that in mind , what are the most interesting alternative conceptions of reality embedded in languages and their grammar that are currently dead or dying ?
What , if any , linguistic - metaphysical ideas should we be trying to save from extinction ?
– Ian K
A .
Interesting conceptions of reality are embedded in dying or dead languages and their grammar , which should be saved from extinction ( cf . “ On the Death and Life of Languages , ” Yale University Press , 2009 ( pp.191-203 ) :
· Many ideas are drawn from the observation of living ( zoological , botanical ) species , reflected in names that point to the way they are perceived and to the properties that tribal societies have discovered in them .
This kind of relationship with nature tends to be lost in industrial societies , and has much to teach us on the links we should keep with our environment , for our health and our social harmony , let alone our happiness itself ;
· Many extinct or nearly extinct languages were spoken by tribes whose chiefs gathered people in order to give them instruction on the behavior to be adopted in various circumstances , on the way to express one ’s solidarity with neighbors and other members of the tribe , and on a number of principles which guarantee the moral health of a human community ;
· Initiatory languages ( for example Damin , the initiatory language of the Lardil tribe in Mornington Island ( Northern Queensland , Australia ) ) exhibit a sophisticated blend of abstraction and concern for concrete details , which assumes a whole body of subtle mental activities , very suggestive for present research in cognitive sciences .
The same applies to the existence of three or even four past or future tenses in certain endangered languages in Africa and Papua - New Guinea , each of these referring to a precise moment in time .
· Many endangered languages have special grammatical tools that are obligatory in every affirmative sentence , and that indicate the source of the knowledge expressed by the speaker : observed reality , hearsay , eye witness , inference , logical deduction , etc .
This characteristic , very often present in Amerindian languages like those of the Amazonian forest in Brazil or those of the Sioux family in the US , is entirely absent from European languages , and has much to teach us on the relationship we have with our own discourse .
Q .
I am an American studying Arabic and often ask myself this question :
How can we reconcile ( 1 ) preserving world languages , their beauty and history , with ( 2 ) the increasing need for foreign language speakers to know English if they plan to succeed in many cases ?
I ’ve had many debates on the importance of Arabic in the Arab world but some have responded to my support of fusha by saying “ are you going to make them study that in the classroom when English could give someone a better life ? ”
It is a huge question which has numerous subquestions but I would like to hear your thoughts .
– Dot
A .
Teaching English as a language which can more easily provide a better life and a profession does not prevent foreign language speakers from remaining faithful to their vernacular language as the only one able to express their most personal thoughts and feelings .
It does not seem that the two are difficult to reconcile , since the domains of use of the two languages , say Arabic fusha ( Classical or “ pure ” language ) and English , are quite different , as are the circumstances , in peoples ’ lives , in which one or the other is used .
Q .
Suppose everyone woke up tomorrow fluently speaking , writing , and reading the same one language , in addition to the one (s ) they now speak .
1 . What would happen ?
My guess is that the benefits of our all being able to understand each other would be great and we would soon gravitate towards having most of our communicating being done in that language .
We would even more quickly become a one language world .
2 . Would that be a good thing ?
How could it NOT be a good thing ?
– Charles Foster
A .
The advent of one and the same language for the whole world instead of the present diversity is both unlikely and infelicitous :
( i) It is unlikely because it is in the nature of languages , like living organisms , to become more and more different from each other , if only because the cultural backgrounds of human societies , i.e. the backgrounds from which languages have been formed , are deeply different ;
( ii ) It would be infelicitous , because the cultural , and hence linguistic , diversity of the world is the main factor of its richness .
A one language world would be an unbearable world , in which people would be bored to death .
Today , the language which would come close to the “ ideal ” of a one language world would be English .
But then , speakers of other languages which are also widespread , like Spanish , French , Portuguese , etc. , could say : “ why not our language ? ” .
Q .
Phenomena come and go and to try to “ preserve ” a language is a useless endeavor .
And why would you want to ?
It is a tool and when its need disappears with the culture new languages come up .
Trying to preserve everything that ever was at the expense of new developments crowds us out of the crucial continuance of life .
If you try to stand still you die .
If you evolve and grow you go to higher levels .
It is a feature of nature to change continuously , to shed the old no matter how beautiful .
The spirit that creates leads us to new experiences always .
– rowdy 68
A .
To try to preserve a language is not a useless endeavor .
Languages are much more than communication tools .
When one tries to preserve something that existed before , it is far from being at the expense of new developments , nor does it by any means crowd us out of the crucial continuance of life .
Would one say that Roman and Gothic cathedrals , Renaissance paintings , sculptures and castles , Venice palaces , Mozart , Beethoven , Schumann , Schubert , Brahms chamber - music are works that make us stand still ?
Quite to the contrary , preserving masterpieces inherited from the past enhances our own creativeness .
Languages are not technical objects or industrial devices that can be abandoned once used .
They are creations of our minds , and preserving them offers us seminal conceptions of the relationships between man and the universe .
Shedding the old when it is n’t useful anymore is conceivable , but endangered languages are not obsolete systems that no society needs .
They reflect various very interesting human cultures which make part of human civilization ( as recalled in my “ Language - Lover ’s Dictionary of Languages , ” French edition : Paris , Plon , 2009 ) .
Furthermore , they can be revived .
When Hebrew became , by the collective decision of a human community , the language of a state , it had disappeared from spoken usage two millenaries earlier .
Just because they express endlessly varying identities , human languages do not fall into oblivion when they fall into disuse .
Q .
Aside from Hebrew , Gaelic , and to a lesser extent Welsh would you please discuss any other models for language survival and / or revival ?
In the case of the above mentioned languages , what do you think are the main reasons for their relative success ?
Can lessons from these cases be applied to maintaining other languages currently under threat of extinction ?
Finally , in all three of the above cases , these languages were preserved because the respective linguistic communities were committed to preserving them .
To what extent are other languages currently suffering extinction falling out of use because the given linguistic communities are VOLUNTARILY letting them fall out of use ?
In a word , these languages are dying because no one wants to speak that particular language any more – speakers of that language believe greater economic , social , educational benefits are available to them if they assimilate to the local dominant language .
If language death is voluntary , if the death of a language arises from the preference of its speakers to assimilate to some other language , who is anyone to say that is a bad thing ?
– cadmus
A .
Economic and social pressures are a capital factor in the process that leads a language to fall into disuse .
The promoters of Hebrew , Gaelic and Welsh , to which Cornish should be added ( since it is in the process of being revived even though it died at the beginning of the XIXth century ) , were not submitted to strong pressures from a foreign society imposing assimilation on them .
This , on the contrary , is exactly what happened to Amerindian communities submitted to the pressure of English in North America and Australia , and Spanish and Portuguese in Central and South America .
It can not be said that “ the given linguistic communities are voluntarily letting [ their languages ] fall out of use ” because “ no one wants to speak [ them ] any more , ” or that “ speakers of [ these languages ] believe greater economic , social , educational benefits are available to them if they assimilate to the local dominant language . ”
This is not the result of a free choice .
The proof is not far to seek .
As recalled in “ On the Death and Life of Languages ” ( pp. 123-124 ) , in Australia and North - America , the Anglophone school was a death machine for Aboriginal and Indian languages .
It was explicitly stated , for instance , that Indians should be “ civilized ” by removing their children from the “ barbaric ” influence of their native tongues and transferring them into prison - like boarding schools where the use of Indian languages was absolutely forbidden : all infractions were severely punished , and Indian languages were portrayed as diabolic creations , hated by God , whom children were ordered to obey absolutely .
Thus , the belief that Indian languages had no future was very early hammered into Indians , and it is fairly doubtful that speakers abandoned them by free choice .
Q .
How do you think the Irish language ( Gaeilge ) will fare out and the continuing effort to revive it as a second language in Ireland ?
It is true that the successful effort to ban it by the British , when they were in power in Ireland through 1920 , caused major problems for the Irish .
Having one ’s own language is a great source of pride and individuality .
To be forced to abandon it caused the reverse emotions .
– Jim Conlon
A .
Irish is , along with English , one of the two official languages of Ireland .
It is taught in schools in gaeltachtai , namely regions in which it is still present as a mother - tongue , whose use is linked to traditional activities , representing only 10 % of the Irish population .
In fact , the pressure of English , geographically close and economically dominant as it has been for centuries and centuries , is so strong , that even though Irish is not really on the brink of extinction , it can be considered an endangered language .
It is quite true that “ having one ’s own language is a great source of pride and individuality . ”
But this feeling has often been strongly combated by those who wanted to impose their language on communities whose language they eradicated , as illustrated by the fate of Indian and Aboriginal languages in North America and Australia during the XIXth century ( see answer to Cadmus ’s question above ) .
Q .
To what degree do languages change over time in relation to the flexibility of syntax and size of vocabulary ( I do not assume that all systems evolve toward more flexibility and / or larger vocabularies ) .
Do these variables lead to different capacities for those using a particular language system to express ideas , emotions ?
– Peter
A .
The evolution of languages is cyclic rather than unilinear .
Synthetic languages , in which grammatical meanings are composed together into complex verbs and nouns , become , across centuries or millenaries , analytical languages , in which grammatical as well as lexical units tend to correspond to independent words .
This evolution is attested by languages for which we have documents extending over a very long period , like Egyptian between remote pharaonic dynasties and present - day liturgical Coptic .
As far as vocabulary is concerned , periods of relatively “ impoverished ” lexical stock are followed by opposite periods of expanding lexicon .
The reason for this evolution of vocabularies is mostly extra-linguistic : social and technical “ progress ” is generally reflected in richer vocabularies .
Q .
Between languages there are “ translatable concepts , ” for example the English “ dog ” vs the German “ Hund ” but there are also “ untranslatable concepts ” like the German concept of “ kitsch ” or the Hebrew concept of “ chutzpah . ”
As a result English uses these concepts as loan words , because we do not have these concepts in our language .
And therein lies the contrast : surely language , as a medium of communication , should be able to describe these “ foreign phenomena ” ?
Why is it , that we can have similar words for certain concepts but completely lack words for others ?
Also , similarly , do the connotations of a particular phrasing vary among different cultures ?
For example , would the learner of Polish , with a more versatile syntax [ in general ] interpret a particular phrasing in a particular way , in comparison to English with its much more “ fixed ” word order ?
– Jeffrey
A .
The reason why a language can have words similar to those of another language for certain concepts while it completely lacks words for others is simply linked to the cultural background of every language .
Loanwords are created in a language in order to introduce a notion which does not exist in its cultural background of this language .
When a loanword enters a language , it is interpreted by its speakers with the meaning it has in the source language .
Thus , American English chutzpah comes from Yiddish , which borrowed it from Hebrew , in which it referred to the attitude of a person who , having killed his parents , throws himself on the mercy of the court saying he is a poor orphan .
English could of course translate this word by “ shameless audacity , ” “ presumption - plus - arrogance , ” “ brazen nerve ” and the like .
However , only the word in its original ( Hebraic ) form contains the whole richness of this concept , and all the implications linked with Yiddish humor , so that it is much more significant and suggestive as a loanword than when it is translated .
Likewise , kitsch , from Bavarian kitschen “ to sell old furniture as if it were modern , ” kept all the implications of its origin when it was borrowed into English around 1926 , as a word expressing a content which did not correspond to any reality in British and American cultures , and therefore did not appear as nameworthy .
We can conclude that concepts for which no word exists in a given language are often those which do not appear as nameworthy in the culture reflected by this language .
This situation applies to vocabulary , but much less to the various types of phrasings .
Assuming that in Polish ( and other Slavonic languages ) syntax is more versatile than in English with its much more “ fixed ” word order , this does not entail that the learner of Polish would interpret a particular Polish phrasing in a particular way , distinct from the interpretation of the corresponding English phrasing .
The crosslinguistic variations in word order , and in syntax generally , are characteristic of various linguistic types but have little or no impact on the content of sentences : one and the same semantic content can , depending on the language , and even within the same language , be expressed by various syntactic constructions .
Q .
My guess is the languages most likely to go into disuse are those in localities where a prominent language of commerce is taking over extensively and few people feel the need to continue using the “ old ” language .
As when a language in a jungle or mountain hinterland gives way to Spanish or Portugese in Latin America , e.g .
Languages that are spoken only , and not written , which have no national function , but more of a tribal local function , yet are still surviving , I ’m thinking , are likely to remain extant if in a remote enough region that it ’s not so much influenced by commerce and the power of a nation .
Are these at least some of the factors that send a language into disuse ?
– Michael Dennis Mooney , Albany , NY
A .
It is quite true that languages that are exposed to the pressure of prominent languages of commerce are most likely to go into disuse , and even more so when they are spoken only and not written , and have a tribal local , rather than national , function .
Nevertheless , those , among them , that are spoken in a remote enough region , far from the influence of commerce and power , are much better preserved .
Other factors also prevent a language from falling into disuse , especially the following two : ( i ) an identity feeling rooted in deep ethnic consciousness and ( ii ) a culture rooted in an old , and constantly recalled , tradition .
Examples are Kamsra , Andoke , and several Cariban and Arawak languages spoken in north - western Brazil and south - eastern Colombia , where Spanish and Portuguese are dominant , or Hinukh , spoken in north - eastern Caucasus , where Russian is strongly present .
Q .
At Expo 86 in Vancouver , I saw a marvelous thing .
The English statement , “ Language is the glue .
Without it , culture falls apart . ”
Simple statement , complex concept(s ) .
This powerful statement was translated into all the written languages of the First Nations of Canada .
It was absolutely stunning and I ’ll never forget it .
My question :
What should ordinary non-linguists like us do toward preserving languages , dialects , vocabularies , and the like ?
– Tom
A .
Thank you for reporting this statement , a stunning and marvellous one indeed .
The answer to your question can be found in chapter 9 of “ On the Death and Life of Languages , ” whose title is “ Factors in Preservation and the Struggle against Disaster . ”
To sum it up , the best non-linguists can do , in North - America , towards preserving languages , dialects , vocabularies and the like is , among other possible actions ,
( i) Participating in associations which , in the US and Canada , work to obtain from local and national governments a recognition of the importance of Indian languages ( prosecuted and led to quasi- extinction during the XIXth century ) and cultures , such as those of the Algonquian , Athabaskan , Haida , Na-Dene , Nootkan , Penutian , Salishan , Tlingit communities , to name just a few ;
( ii ) Participating in funding the creation of schools and the appointment and payment of competent teachers ;
( iii ) Participating in the training of linguists and ethnologists belonging to Indian tribes , in order to foster the publication of grammars and dictionaries , which should also be financially helped ;
iv ) Acting in order to introduce the knowledge of Indian cultures as one of the important topics in American and Canadian TV and radio programs .
Q .
In an attempt to understand the current ongoing Holocene Extinction event , in which millions of entire species are being removed from the DNA pool , cannot languages be seen as another living structure facing extinction from the activities of the too - successful human species ?
Classical Sanskrit , Classical Greek , and Latin are three well known examples of languages that have had world impact , but are no longer current .
Their influence is still evident in our existing western language structures , however .
Nothing remains the same , and everything is always new , even if built on the ruins of what has been .
Is n’t the problem really about mortality and the inevitability of uncontrollable change ?
– Wanderer
A .
To some extent , languages can be seen as living species which , like other such species , face extinction , but the “ activities of the too - successful human species ” cannot themselves be the factor leading to the extinction of languages , since languages are part of the very definition of the human species .
This is the reason why most human societies have always cared for dead languages , by keeping traces and testimonies , like the countless texts in Sanskrit , Classical Greek , Latin , and even Sumerian , Pharaonic Egyptian , Geez ( old Ethiopic ) , Classical Chinese , etc .
It is therefore not quite true that human societies are powerless against “ mortality and the inevitability of uncontrollable change . ”
If it were true , how could Hebrew have been revived to become the language of the state of Israel today , knowing that it had become extinct as early as the sixth century BC , when it was replaced by Aramaic , the language which Yeoshua of Nazareth spoke , like all other Jews , his contemporaries ?
There are , besides most of the Bible itself , countless texts in Classical Hebrew .
The “ only ” thing which was needed , in order to revive a language whose death went back to such a remote past , was an enormously strong collective human will .
This is exactly what happened in Palestine in the first decades of the XXth century !
We can conclude that human will can , in certain circumstances , have enough energy to counter social and human changes as well as physical changes in the world , by opposing a neg - entropic force to its blind entropic evolution .
Q .
In Mumbai , there is a political group trying to save Marathi , which they claim , is dying due to the exponentially growing cosmopolitan population of the city .
They are causing such a nuisance by forcing ( even violently , sometimes ) people to display signs only in Marathi , have shops write their names in Marathi , and other such things .
They even attacked a movie producer and his office because in his latest release the actors kept referring to Mumbai as Bombay ( its old , non-Marathi name ! )
Its ridiculous !
This is not the way to try and save a language .
It is very disturbing to see the youth in Mumbai behaving the way they are .
I ’m sure they can find a better way to promote the use of Marathi among the new generation .
Probably by coming out with better quality movies , theater plays , and fun entertainment .
What other ways would you suggest in such a case ?
Thanks .
Shachii Bom … uh , oops !
Mumbai , India – Shachii
A .
On the first page of her book “ Marathi ” ( London and New York : Routledge , 2004 ) , Rajeshwari V. Pandharipande writes : “ For my parents , who gave me the precious gift of the Marathi language . ”
This author is probably one among many lovers of Marathi , the mother tongue , I suppose , of Salman Rushdie , and also a language important enough to have caused the leaders of the Indian Union to give the political and administrative status of a state , named Maharashtra , to the territory where it is spoken .
Of course , the importance of this language in Mumbai is great , but it is also true that ( Indo - Aryan ) Gujarati , Hindi , and neighboring ( Dravidian ) languages like Telugu and Kanara , are also spoken in Mumbai , as well as other languages , due to the “ exponentially growing cosmopolitan population of the city . ”
Forcing people to display signs , and shops to write their names , only in Marathi , as well as condemning the use of the old name Bombay , are regrettable attitudes .
There are better ways to promote Marathi .
Among these , I would suggest
( i) TV and radio programs ;
( ii ) The insistence on Marathi in elementary and high schools ;
( iii ) Official suggestions to literary authors to use Marathi rather than English in at least some of their works .
Q .
What is your opinion on the future of Chinese language ?
– CHANG
A .
There is no official effort , so far , to promote Chinese beyond its traditional zone of influence , namely Eastern and South - Eastern Asia , where , along with imported Chinese written characters ( hànzì ) , Japanese ( through their adaptation as kanji ) , Korean and Vietnamese ( among many other languages in that region ) imported an enormous amount of Chinese words : they constitute more than half the vocabulary of these three languages , as components which are labelled Sino - Japanese , Sino - Korean and Sino - Vietnamese respectively .
Today , the Chinese view English as the language by which China can become more open to the rest of the world .
This does not mean that the enormous capacity of other countries ’ sinization which has characterized Chinese culture through the past centuries could not manifest itself again .
Chinese communities are present in many parts of the world , essentially in Asia , to some extent in North - America , much less in Europe and Africa , despite recent efforts in the last case .
But they do not promote Chinese , at least today , outside Chinese - speaking groups .
The situation might change if China continues to appear as one of the leading powers in the world .
Moreover , it should be pointed out that a great number ( over 1000 ) of Confucius Institutes are scheduled to be built by China in various countries worldwide , but we cannot know yet what will result from this decision .
Q .
If you were to select one endangered language to learn , and so help preserve , on the basis of its linguistic originality and ability to express ideas in ways not found in other languages , what would it be ?
– Ryan
A .
An endangered language I would select on the basis of its linguistic originality and ability to express ideas in ways not found in other languages would be Seneca , a northern Iroquoian language .
In 1993 it was spoken by fewer than 200 people , on the Tonawanda , Cattaraugus , and Allegany reservations in western New York State .
It deserves to be learnt and so helped against extinction .
Cells rely on a range of signalling systems to communicate with each other and to control their own internal workings .
Scientists from the European Molecular Biology Laboratory ( EMBL ) in Hamburg , Germany , have now found a way to hack into a vital communications system , raising the possibility of developing new drugs to tackle disorders like neurodegeneration , cancer and cardiovascular disease .
In a study published in Science Signaling , they have pieced together the first snapshot of what two of the system 's components look like while interacting .
One way these signalling systems work is by triggering a flood of calcium ions inside the cell .
These get picked up by a receiver , a protein called calmodulin which turns this calcium signal into action by switching various parts of the cell 's machinery on or off .
Calmodulin regulates a set of proteins called kinases , each of which controls the activity of specific parts of the cell , thus altering the cell 's behaviour .
Using high - energy X - rays produced by the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility ( ESRF ) in Grenoble , France , and by the German Synchrotron Radiation Centre ( DESY ) , in Hamburg , Germany , Matthias Wilmanns ' team at EMBL revealed the molecular structure of one of these kinases , a protein called Death - Associated Protein Kinase DAPK , when bound to calmodulin .
The structure showed how calmodulin binds to a particular section of DAPK , switching the kinase on so that it can go and change the function of its targets .
The team then worked out which of DAPK 's building blocks , or amino acids , were crucial for calmodulin to bind .
" Faulty versions of DAPK are involved in the development of some cancers , " says Wilmanns , " so we want to know more about how this protein functions to allow its better exploitation as an anti-cancer target . "
What 's more , DAPK has physical similarities to many of the other kinases controlled by calmodulin , meaning many of them are likely to interact with calmodulin in the same , or similar ways .
Being able to see the three - dimensional structures of these proteins , how they clip together and alter each other 's behaviour means researchers can devise ways to manipulate this interaction with drugs .
" That will provide a platform to get into drug discovery , " says Wilmanns , adding , " obviously , this is the beginning of the story . "
He is planning to do so in an ongoing collaboration with Adi Kimchi's team at the Weizmann Institute in Israel and other groups from EMBL .
STOSSEL VS .
GORE
Look for investigative ace John Stossel to resurface on the public radar in a big way Thursday , when “ Stossel , ” his one - hour weekly foray into economic issues , debuts on the Fox Business channel at 8 p.m .
“ I plan to explain what true economic liberty means to my viewers , ” Mr. Stossel tells Inside the Beltway .
“ I want to talk about things like Ayn Rand and ‘ Atlas Shrugged , ’ and the true costs of global warming . ”
The former ABC veteran has signed on for 44 episodes .
“ And about that global warming , in heading up the news this week .
It really has become a kind of secular religion , ” Mr. Stossel says .
“ And a lot of the faith is fueled by people with a distinct hatred of capitalism .
It ’s religious zealotry , and anyone who disagrees with these people about climate issues is chastised and dismissed . ”
He has his keen eye fixed upon one person in particular , though .
“ Al Gore says the debate about global warming is over .
But he wo n’t debate anyone about it , ” Mr. Stossel observes .
“ And for the record , I ’d debate Al Gore anytime . ”
BUMPER PATROL
“ Excommunicated by the Church of Global Warming ” - bumper sticker spotted in Fairfax .
PALIN PILE-ON
Could this ambitious effort indicate that some folks are , uh , nervous about Sarah Palin ’s political prowess ?
Maybe .
“ Going Rouge : Sarah Palin , An American Nightmare ” was released smack in the middle of the former Alaska governor ’s book tour showcasing her best - selling autobiography , “ Going Rogue : An American Story . ”
Richard Kim and Betsy Reed , senior editors at The Nation magazine , edited this clone book loaded with liberal counterpoint against Mrs. Palin , including a cover nearly identical to the original .
They call her “ an American obsession that just wo n’t go away . ”
But is it all that clever ?
This marks the fourth time in recent weeks that the waggish “ Going Rouge ” has been used in a new book title about Mrs. Palin - and one of those titles is a coloring book .
The newest “ Rouge ” volume includes observations by Joe Conason , Mark Hertsgaard , Naomi Klein , Frank Rich , Hanna Rosin , Katrina vanden Heuvel and others of the liberal and progressive persuasions .
Curiously , the book is distributed by Health Communication Inc. , publishers of the best - selling “ Chicken Soup for the Soul ” series .
“ There ’s a book line I ’m now going to boycott , ” observes one annoyed Palin fan .
PARTY POOPERS
“ Running under the ‘ tea party ’ brand may be better in congressional races than being a Republican , ” notes a Rasmussen Reports survey of voter preferences released Monday .
It found Democrats picked up 36 percent of the vote while the ‘ tea party ’ candidate garnered 23 percent .
Republicans finish third at 18 percent ; 22 percent are undecided .
Even among Republican voters , 39 percent said they ’d vote Republican , but 33 percent favored the ‘ tea party ’ option .
What does it mean ?
Shame on the Grand Old Party , perhaps .
“ The Republican Party is still suffering from the hangover of an eight years of grotesque spending , access selling and corruption .
In righteous indignation , the decent men and women of America are standing up to the powers in Washington .
New York ’s 23rd Congressional District was a wakeup call to a GOP that has been asleep at the populist switch for too long .
Either they embrace the ‘ new populism ’ or suffer in the minority for a generation to come , ” longtime political strategist Craig Shirley tells Inside the Beltway .
HARSH BARGING
The “ independent ” report issued Monday by former Massachusetts Attorney General Scott Harshbarger assessing the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) is not exactly garnering rave reviews in some sectors .
“ Long story short , the Harshbarger report solves nothing and is not worth the paper it is written on , ” says Republican National Lawyers Association Chairman David A. Norcross .
“ Instead of taking ACORN to task for breaking the law , Harshbarger offers recommendations ACORN itself has received in the past from its lawyer , Elizabeth Kingsley , and failed to meet .
The reality is this :
The report issued today by ACORN and about ACORN is absolutely no substitute for a real and meaningful congressional inquiry into the practices of an organization that has routinely broken the law and misused taxpayer dollars . ”
POLL DU JOUR
• 64 percent of Americans say the safety and security of the U.S. is at stake in Afghanistan .
• 63 percent say U.S. military action in Afghanistan is “ morally justified . ”
• 58 percent say a victory is possible for the U.S. in Afghanistan .
• 41 percent say victory is not possible .
• 57 percent say it will be a “ stalemate ” ; 12 percent think the U.S. will be defeated .
• 58 percent did not watch President Obama ’s speech on Afghanistan .
Source : A CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey of 1,041 adults conducted Dec. 2 - 3 .
• Cryptic messages , peculiar asides , humdingers to jharper@ washingtontimes.com .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
This is Professor T. Colin Campbell PhD's FULL presentation at the 2003 VegSource Healthy Lifestyle Expo .
In the 45 minute talk , Professor Campbell discusses the powerful evidence demonstrating that animal protein is one of the most carcinogenic substances people are regularly exposed to .
Only 2 to 3 percent of cancers are attributable to genes .
The rest has to do with lifestyle , and diet is the primary driver behind several common cancers .
This is what the life 's work reveals of celebrated professor of Nutritional Biochemistry at Cornell University and one of the directors of the China Project -- T. Colin Campbell , PhD .
His first epiphany came in the 1970's when he found liver cancer was associated with a diet high in animal protein .
The Great American Diet causing cancer ??
Campbell 's colleagues thought he was nuts .
" Do n't go there . "
But go there he did ... and beyond .
In this fascinating 45 - minute talk , Campbell describes his journey from dairy rancher and animal - protein advocate ... to vegan and disease prevention researcher .
Campbell 's famous research showed that cancer tumor growth could be turned on -- and turned off -- just by raising or lowering animal protein intake .
Watch :
Enjoy this talk ?
Many more valuable Healthy Lifestyle Expo talks are available on DVD in our IN OUR ONLINE STORE .
FACEBOOK COMMENTS :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
According to John Heilemann and Mark Halperin ’s Game Change , back in 2006 Harry Reid “ was wowed by Obama ’s oratorical gifts and believed that the country was ready to embrace a black presidential candidate , especially one such as Obama — a ‘ light - skinned ’ African American ‘ with no Negro dialect , unless he wanted to have one , ’ as he said privately . ”
Last night I tweeted Mark Kleiman ’s response to this , but today I see that not only has this non-story not disappeared , it ’s actually getting more attention from our stalwart media titans .
So here ’s Mark :
Other than using an old - fashioned word to refer to African - Americans ( a word which was the standard word for about the first half of Reid ’s life ) , what did Reid do wrong ?
It is the case that Obama is light - skinned and that he is a native speaker of American English , though he can and does , on occasion , use Ebonic cadences for rhetorical effect .
And it is the case that both his skin tone ( and the ancestry it reflects ) and his command of the common dialect are among his political assets .
If he had looked , or sounded , like Jesse Jackson , he would n’t be President .
A darker hue and a more Ebonic speech pattern would certainly have cost him some votes among white Anglos , Latinos , and Asians , and almost certainly cost him some black votes as well .
( The internalization of racism in the African - American community is a well - known phenomenon . )
It would have been insane for anyone considering an Obama candidacy not to weigh those factors .
In October of 2008 , when the dark - skinned , Ebonic - speaking David Alan Grier , on “ Chocolate News , ” urged white voters to “ vote for the white half , ” he was repeating a joke I ’d heard at least a year earlier .
This whole thing is ridiculous .
That Reid immediately apologized and Obama immediately accepted his apology is n’t surprising .
It ’s all part of the kabuki of American politics .
Nor is it surprising that buffoonish attack dogs like Liz Cheney and Michael Steele are trying to pretend Reid is some kind of stone racist .
But Reid was speaking privately , he was a political pro talking about Obama ’s electability , and he did n’t say anything offensive anyway .
Are we seriously at the point where we have to rely on George Will (! ) to talk sense into the conservative movement ?
A spending freeze ?
That ’s the brilliant response of the Obama team to their first serious political setback ?
It ’s appalling on every level .
It ’s bad economics , depressing demand when the economy is still suffering from mass unemployment .
Jonathan Zasloff writes that Obama seems to have decided to fire Tim Geithner and replace him with “ the rotting corpse of Andrew Mellon ” ( Mellon was Herbert Hoover ’s Treasury Secretary , who according to Hoover told him to “ liquidate the workers , liquidate the farmers , purge the rottenness ” . )
It ’s bad long - run fiscal policy , shifting attention away from the essential need to reform health care and focusing on small change instead .
And it ’s a betrayal of everything Obama ’s supporters thought they were working for .
Just like that , Obama has embraced and validated the Republican world - view — and more specifically , he has embraced the policy ideas of the man he defeated in 2008 .
A correspondent writes , “ I feel like an idiot for supporting this guy . ”
Now , I still cling to a fantasy : maybe , just possibly , Obama is going to tie his spending freeze to something that would actually help the economy , like an employment tax credit .
( No , trivial tax breaks do n’t count ) .
There has , however , been no hint of anything like that in the reports so far .
Right now , this looks like pure disaster .
I could n't possibly care less about this ridiculous " controversy " over Woods ' car crash .
What was he doing leaving his house at that hour ?
Who cares ?
It 's his business what he was doing .
Is it suddenly illegal to leave your house in the wee hours ?
Are he and his wife having difficulties ?
That 's their business .
Is he having an affair with that woman ?
He 's one of the two or three most famous and desirable men in the world .
Temptation of the flesh must be thrust before that man on an hourly basis .
In any case , it 's only his business and his wife 's , no one else 's .
He owes no one any explanation about anything .
My chief interest in this story now rests in the fact that Woods , or someone representing him , possesses highly admirable grammatical skills .
Consider these portions of his statement , as printed in the Guardian :
" This situation is my fault , and it 's obviously embarrassing to my family and me .
I 'm human and I 'm not perfect .
I will certainly make sure this does n't happen again .
" The only person responsible for the accident is me .
My wife , Elin , acted courageously when she saw I was hurt and in trouble .
She was the first person to help me .
Any other assertion is absolutely false .
" I would also ask for some understanding that my family and I deserve some privacy no matter how intrusive some people can be . "
Notice in the first graf the correct use of " my family and me " where many half - educated nitwits would say " my family and I " because they think it sounds classier .
But it gets even better .
See those commas around his wife 's name in the second graf ?
He , or someone , obviously knows what an appositive is .
Believe me , folks , this is a dying piece of knowledge , even among so - called writers .
But wait -- it gets even better !
Then , in the third graf , he shows that he knows the difference between " my family and me " and " my family and I , " because he uses the latter correctly in the third graf .
So my opinion of the man has only increased in the last 24 hours .
Indeed my sole question about this incident is not for Woods , but for General Motors :
Are you telling me , Cadillac corporation , that a golf club swung by a thin and not - terribly - muscular ( by appearances ) woman can break an Escalade window ?
No wonder you 're in trouble .
Video gaming is a mainstream hobby , but what happens when your needs fall outside of the mainstream ?
There are gamers who are color blind , who can't hear , or who simply have difficulty with their motor control skills .
Gamers with special needs have to be sure the games they buy will accommodate them , and that 's where Ablegamers comes in : the website reviews and rates games based on their accessibility , using a variety of criteria .
The site has recently given out the award for the most accessible game of the year .
The winner ?
You may be surprised to learn that it 's EA and Bioware 's Dragon Age : Origins .
" What makes this title so exceptional is the level of options given to the gamer to choose their level of accessibility , " the announcement explained .
" Options are the key component to adding accessibility without harming the overall gameplay of a title . "
Ars caught up with Mark Barlet , the Editor in Chief of Ablegamers , to discuss the issue of accessible games , and what developers can do to make their games appeal to the widest possible audience .
Getting developer and publisher support
Is this something developers care about ?
Barlet describes the issue as one of economics .
" I am sure they care .
The issue really is 'is this important ? '
Looking at the pace that games are built , accessibility is easy to push into the ' nice to have ' column , " he told Ars .
" With five times the entire subscriber base of World of Warcraft disabled in the US , this is a huge mistake . "
The industry is also becoming more open to the idea of accessible games .
" When we started five years ago , developers were sometimes speechless when we would approach them .
Now they know who we are , and have started asking the right questions . "
He also notes that some in the industry have taken a step backwards : Infinity Ward 's Modern Warfare 2 uses green and red arrows on the in - game map , making it impossible to read if you 're color blind .
Call of Duty : World at War actually had the option to change the coloring of the arrows to green and orange — which are easily distinguished by the color blind , but that option was removed from the newer title , as was the ability to toggle aiming down your weapon 's sights .
We looked at gaming and color blindness in a past article , with examples of what a few games look like to some forms of color blindness .
It 's an issue that 's much more common in males , with an estimated 8 percent of men suffering from some form of color blindness .
The problem is the wide variety of issues disabled gamers face .
" For example , most deaf gamers want subtitles , but for the nondeaf gamer those are not critical .
There is no number one ... because every gamer has a different play style , and that holds true for the gamer with a disability , " Barlet said .
What Dragon Age did right
The game not only offers subtitles , but multiple layers of them , including subtitles for ambient noises and during cut scenes .
The characters can be controlled with a mouse or by using the keyboard , and on - screen keyboards work perfectly with the game , for gamers who can't manipulate a standard keyboard .
The improved fonts mean every word can be read , regardless of color impairment .
The ability to pause the action also earns the game high marks .
" Perhaps the most underrepresented disability in mainstream games , cognitive impaired gamers can pause the action quickly and as often as necessary in the heat of the battle , " the announcement states .
" Orders can be issued during the pause , allowing anyone to keep up with the game no matter the level of cognitive impairment . "
The main strength of the game is the number of options you have regarding your controls .
This is crucial , Barlet says .
" It is all about options .
The more options you have , like re-mappable keys , mouse - only play , even mouse sensitivity settings — all of these options , along with some solid design principals like subtitles , means more gamers can play the game .
Not all gamers will use them , but for those that need to use them it is good that they are there . "
A few days back on this blog we posted the news that longtime NH police officer Brad Jardis was no longer going to arrest medical cannabis users .
Jardis has shown much courage – far more than the average cop – in first coming out verbally against the insane war on drugs , and now taking the first step into actually doing the right thing and refusing to enforce bad laws .
Despite the courage he has and the support he has earned in the community because of it , the organization known as Law Enforcement Against Prohibition has unceremoniously booted him from their ranks .
Brad posted the email he received from LEAP ’s head , Jack Cole , on the Free Keene Forum .
In it , Cole takes position that while LEAP members are encouraged to speak out about the horrors of prohibition , as long as they are employed as LEOs , they must enforce bad laws , because to not do so would be “ unethical and wrong ” .
It ’s a sad statement that outs LEAP as an organization of nothing more than a bunch of talkers , rather than doers .
Of course , Cole is incorrect .
Enforcing laws that harm peaceful people is what is unethical and wrong .
Other law enforcement officers , who are members of LEAP , have announced they will be sending in their resignations .
Many other supporters of LEAP are sending in revocations of their membership , and explaining why .
Some of these messages can be found on this forum thread .
Here ’s the message Jack Cole sent to Brad , with Cole ’s full contact info at the bottom .
Dear Bradley Jardis , I have tried but am unable to reach you by telephone .
It has come to LEAP ’s attention from the below blog entry , that you have
chosen to violate the oath you took on joining the police department ; to
enforce all the laws of the federal and state governments in which your
police department has jurisdiction .
And worse , you are calling on other law
enforcement officials to violate their oaths of office .
This is the opposite of what LEAP requires of our representatives .
We have
always said that we will in no way ask that any law enforcer decline to do
his or her duty by refusing to enforce the laws as they are currently
recorded .
That would be unethical and wrong .
What we do call on them for is
take action on their off - duty time to help us change those laws .
Because you have so blatantly stepped over that line , your actions have
caused people to lose respect for our organization , which leads to a loss of
our credibility within the public , the media and the policymakers ; the very
people whom we are trying to convince to change these laws .
The Executive Board of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition was made aware of
your actions in their January 22 , 2010 Board meeting .
They were unanimous in
their decision that you must no longer represent Law Enforcement Against
Prohibition while espousing this belief .
As Executive Director of LEAP , I therefore am notifying you that ,
effectively immediately , you are to stop referring to yourself as a speaker
for or member of LEAP in your publications , interviews , and public or
private addresses .
Sincerely , Jack A. Cole
Executive Director
Law Enforcement Against Prohibition
121 Mystic Avenue , Medford , MA 02155
( 781 ) 393-6985 LEAP
Office ( 781 ) 393 2964 FAX
( 781 ) 396-0183 Home Office ( 617 ) 792-3877 Cell
jackacole@leap.cc www.leap.cc
January 27 , 2010
Jeremy Scahill , author of Blackwater : The Rise of the World 's Most Powerful Mercenary Army , reports that the truth slipped out of Robert Gates on a trip to Pakistan .
LAST WEEK , Defense Secretary Robert Gates confirmed that Blackwater is operating in Pakistan .
In an interview on Express TV , Gates , who was visiting Islamabad , said , " They [ Blackwater and another private security firm , DynCorp ] are operating as individual companies here in Pakistan , " according to a DoD transcript of the interview .
" There are rules concerning the contracting companies .
If they 're contracting with us or with the State Department here in Pakistan , then there are very clear rules set forth by the State Department and by ourselves . "
Pakistan 's senior minister for the North - West Frontier Province , Bashir Bilour , also acknowledged that the company is operating in Pakistan 's frontier areas .
Bilour told Pakistan 's Express News TV that Blackwater 's activities were taking place with the " consent and permission " of the Pakistani government , saying he had discussed the issue with officials at the U.S. Consulate in Peshawar , who told him that Blackwater was training Pakistani forces .
When Gates was asked what the U.S. response would be if the Pakistani parliament passed a law banning private security companies , Gates said , " If it 's Pakistani law , we will absolutely comply . "
Defense Secretary Robert Gates with senior military officials ( Spc. Tony Hawkins )
As Gates 's comments began to make huge news in Pakistan , U.S. defense officials tried to retract his statement .
As the Wall Street Journal reported , " Defense officials tried to clarify the comment Thursday night , telling reporters that Mr. Gates had been speaking about contractor oversight more generally and that the Pentagon did n't employ Xe in Pakistan . "
Bilour 's statements are consistent with what a former Blackwater executive and a U.S. military intelligence source told me in December - - that Blackwater is working on a subcontract for Kestral , a Pakistani security and logistics firm .
That contract , say my sources , is technically with the Pakistani government , which helps cloak Blackwater 's presence .
As I wrote in my article in the Nation :
Blackwater owner Erik Prince is close with Kestral CEO Liaquat Ali Baig , according to the former Blackwater executive .
" Ali and Erik have a pretty close relationship , " he said .
" They 've met many times and struck a deal , and they [ offer ] mutual support for one another . "
Working with Kestral , he said , Blackwater has provided convoy security for Defense Department shipments destined for Afghanistan that would arrive in the port at Karachi .
Blackwater , according to the former executive , would guard the supplies as they were transported overland from Karachi to Peshawar and then west through the Torkham border crossing , the most important supply route for the US military in Afghanistan .
According to the former executive , Blackwater operatives also integrate with Kestral 's forces in sensitive counterterrorism operations in the North - West Frontier Province , where they work in conjunction with the Pakistani Interior Ministry 's paramilitary force , known as the Frontier Corps ( alternately referred to as " frontier scouts " ) .
The Blackwater personnel are technically advisers , but the former executive said that the line often gets blurred in the field .
Blackwater " is providing the actual guidance on how to do [ counterterrorism operations ] and Kestral 's folks are carrying a lot of them out , but they 're having the guidance and the overwatch from some BW guys that will actually go out with the teams when they 're executing the job , " he said .
" You can see how that can lead to other things in the border areas . "
He said that when Blackwater personnel are out with the Pakistani teams , sometimes , its men engage in operations against suspected terrorists .
" You 've got BW guys that are assisting ... and they 're all going to want to go on the jobs -- so they 're going to go with them , " he said .
" So , the things that you 're seeing in the news about how this Pakistani military group came in and raided this house or did this or did that -- in some of those cases , you 're going to have Western folks that are right there at the house , if not in the house . "
Blackwater , he said , is paid by the Pakistani government through Kestral for consulting services .
" That gives the Pakistani government the cover to say , ' Hey , no , we do n't have any Westerners doing this .
It 's all local and our people are doing it . '
But it gets them the expertise that Westerners provide for [ counterterrorism ] - related work . "
WHEN I tried to get confirmation of Blackwater 's work with Kestral , I was bounced around from agency to agency .
Eventually , a spokesman for the State Department 's Directorate of Defense Trade Controls ( DDTC ) , which is responsible for issuing licenses to U.S. corporations to provide defense - related services to foreign governments or entities , would neither confirm nor deny that Blackwater has a license to work in Pakistan or to work with Kestral .
" We cannot help you , " said department spokesman David McKeeby after checking with the relevant DDTC officials .
" You 'll have to contact the companies directly . "
Blackwater 's spokesman Mark Corallo said the company has " no operations of any kind " in Pakistan other than one employee working for the DoD.
Kestral did not respond to my inquiries .
Kestral 's lobbyist , former Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs Roger Noriega , who served in that post from 2003 to 2005 , would not provide comment on the contract either .
Noriega , according to federal lobby records , was recently hired by Kestral to lobby the U.S. government , including the State Department , USAID and Congress , on foreign affairs issues " regarding [ Kestral 's ] capabilities to carry out activities of interest to the United States . "
All of this appears to be a contradiction of previous statements made by the Defense Department , by Blackwater , by the Pakistani government and by the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad , all of whom claimed Blackwater was not in the country .
In September , the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan , Anne Patterson , denied Blackwater 's presence in the country , stating bluntly , " Blackwater is not operating in Pakistan . "
In December , in the Nation , after I reported on Blackwater 's work for JSOC and Ketral in Pakistan , the Pentagon did not issue any clear public denials , and instead tried to pass the buck to the State Department , which in turn passed it to the U.S. Embassy , which in turn issued an unsigned statement saying the story was false .
Shortly after my story came out in the Nation , ABC News reported that in 2006 , " 12 Blackwater " tactical action operatives " were recruited for a secret raid into Pakistan by the U.S. military 's Joint Special Operations Command , according to a military intelligence planner .
The target of the planned raid , code - named Vibrant Fury , was a suspected al Qaeda training camp , according to the planner . "
In Pakistan , there appears to be egg on the face of the country 's Interior Minister Rehman Malik , who has said on numerous occasions that he would resign if it is proven that Blackwater is operating inside Pakistan .
Today , Express TV rebroadcast Malik saying in November , " There is no Blackwater . "
What 's that old saying ?
" Never believe anything until it has been officially denied . "
First published at TheNation.com .
They are called " anti shock bodies " or " Kuchermann Carrots " and can serve two purposes ...
They are often used as a streamlined housing for flap tracks and actuators ( Boeing 747 , 757 , 767 , 777 )
They also smooth out the cross sectional area to reduce transonic drag .
( Convair 990 )
This has to send a potent message to Lieberman .
The symbolism is simply stunning .
Rabbis protesting outside Joe Lieberman 's home in Stamford ?
This from a man who nine years ago had huge approval ratings in his home state and was within a hair of becoming the first Jewish vice - president .
From the Danbury News Times .
STAMFORD -- Quietly holding candles , hundreds of clergymen , congregants and reform advocates lined the sidewalks outside Independent U.S. Sen .
Joe Lieberman 's Stamford home Sunday night in a show of support for universal health care .
" When we heard not only would he vote against it , but he'd use his power , his position as a swing vote ... to block it from coming to a vote , we had to send a message so he knows people who vote overwhelmingly favor the public option , " said Rabbi Stephen Fuchs , of Congregation Beth Israel in West Hartford .
...
The vigil began at Stamford High School , Lieberman 's alma mater , and ended at the senator 's home , the Hayes House , across the street .
" In some sense , it 's poetic , " said Stamford Mayor Dannel Malloy , who attended the vigil .
" The place where Sen . Joseph Lieberman received his high school education , the place he visited upon his announcement to seek the vice presidency , a place where his run for the presidency began -- and it just so happens , a place across the street from where he lives . "
-- Sen Joseph Lieberman , Nov 8 , on Fox News Sunday .
Rabbi Fish of Beth El , in Norwalk , calls on Lieberman 's conscience to do the right thing .
His invocation of the Torah commandment ( Lo taamod al dam reakha , " Do not stand idly by the blood of your neighbors " ) was especially poignant .
" The moral imperative for our time is clear .
Anyone whose guide in public policy is conscience , anyone who argues that faith and religious traditions should direct our actions , such a person must stand for universal health care in America , " Fish concluded .
" It happens we are all also citizens of Connecticut .
That fact leads us to ask you Senator Lieberman , what is it that you stand for ? "
An estimated crowd of 475 files out of Stamford High School to hold a candle light vigil outside of Sen. Joseph Lieberman 's Strawberry Hill Ave. apartment building in Stamford , Conn. on Sunday , Nov. 15 , 2009 urging to withdraw his opposition to the public option in the health care reform bill .
The event was held by the Interfaith Fellowship for Universal Health Care .
Director Michael Moore now wants nothing less than the complete overthrow of the modern capitalist system .
From Reuters in Venice today :
Capitalism is evil .
That is the conclusion U.S. documentary maker Michael Moore comes to in his latest movie " Capitalism : A Love Story , " which premieres at the Venice Film Festival Sunday .
Blending his trademark humor with tragic individual stories , archive footage and publicity stunts , the 55 - year - old launches an all - out attack on the capitalist system , arguing that it benefits the rich and condemns millions to poverty .
" Capitalism is an evil , and you cannot regulate evil , " the two - hour movie concludes .
" You have to eliminate it and replace it with something that is good for all people and that something is democracy . "
Moore ’s long - awaited film , which will open in L.A. and New York on Sept. 23 and nationwide on Oct. 2 , is in part his post - mortem on the global financial system crash that began a year ago this month with the collapse of brokerage Lehman Bros .
But the film takes on much more than the usual cast of blood - sucking bankers to make the case against capitalism , delving into unrewarded worker productivity , vultures who make their living off foreclosed homes and horror stories from a privately owned juvenile correctional facility in Pennsylvania .
Time magazine ’s Mary Corliss writes from Venice :
" Capitalism : A Love Story " does not quite measure up to Moore 's " Sicko " in its cumulative power , and it is unlikely to equal " Fahrenheit 9/11 " in political impact .
In many ways , though , this is Moore 's magnum opus : the grandest statement of his career - long belief that big business is screwing the hard - working little guy while government connives in the atrocity .
As he loudly tried to confront General Motors CEO Roger Smith in " Roger & Me " in 1989 , and pleaded through a bull horn to get officials at Guantanamo to give medical treatment to surviving victims of " 9/11 , " so in " Capitalism " he attempts to make a citizen 's arrest of AIG executives , and puts tape around the New York Stock Exchange building , declaring it a crime scene .
But Corliss also questions whether Moore ’s call for a grass - roots revolution can make it past the theater exit door :
At the end Moore says , " I refuse to live in a country like this -- and I 'm not leaving . "
But this call to arms demands more than a ringleader ; it requires a ring , an engaged citizenry who are mad enough not to take it any more .
That 's unlikely to happen .
Moore 's films are among the top - grossing documentaries in history because they are pertinent populist entertainments .
The question remains : Will " Capitalism : A Love Story " rouse the rabble to revolt ?
Or will audiences sit appreciatively through the movie , then go home and play the cat - in - the - toilet [ YouTube ] video ?
More reviews of the film from Venice screenings are here .
-- Tom Petruno
By now , we ’re used to seeing some pretty garish finishes on exotic cars coming from the Middle East .
Over the years , we ’ve witnessed everything from rides with chrome wraps to 24 karat gold plating .
The brighter , the louder , the gaudier the better it would seem .
But until the 2009 Dubai Motor Show , we had yet to encounter an OEM manufacturer who had caved to this aesthetic .
Custom shops typically perform the painting and special appliques that have the rest of the world screaming the equivalent of automotive blasphemy .
However , Mercedes - Benz has decided to follow the path of least resistance and embrace this cultural quirk .
Enter the 2011 Mercedes - Benz SLS AMG “ Desert Gold ” Edition , a tasteful rendition of the German automaker ’s latest supercar done up in a garb that would make any sheik proud .
Beside the vibrant matte paint job , the trim , badging and grill work have gone from chrome to high - gloss black for a striking contrast .
The wheels follow the same motif as well with painted black insets and a gold rim flange .
As it stands now , this is a one - off creation .
That said , Mercedes has indicated that if there is enough demand , they will provide said creation through their AMG Performance Studio program .
I can only imagine how many orders are flying in as you read this …
Source : Mercedes - Benz
Jan. 6 , 2010  -- James Cameron's " Avatar " may have smashed box - office records , but it 's receiving less - than - stellar reviews from some conservative writers who have panned the movie 's blunt political messaging .
" I call it the ' liberal tell , ' where the early and obvious politics of the film gives away the entire story before the second act begins , and ' Avatar ' might be the sorriest example of this yet , " wrote conservative movie critic John Nolte .
Filmmaker Cameron does little to hide the political nuances in his $ 230 million hit , which has grossed more than $ 1 billion worldwide and is on its way to becoming one of the top 10 highest domestic grossing movies of all time .
From its portrayal of the corporation that wants to take over the natural resources on the planet Pandora -- a not - so - subtle allusion to the likes of Halliburton and defense contractor Blackwater -- to distinct religious , anti-war and pro-environment themes , the film 's political messaging has rubbed many conservatives the wrong way .
" I was n't infuriated by ' Avatar . '
I was infuriated by the way it framed the culture - war debate ... as if there are no secular people on the right , " Jonah Goldberg , editor - at - large of the National Review , told ABC News .
Some conservatives have panned the movie not just for its overt political tones , but its criticism of American actions .
" ' Avatar ' is a thinly disguised , heavy - handed and simplistic sci- fi fantasy / allegory critical of America from our founding straight through to the Iraq War , " wrote Nolte .
" It looks like a big - budget animated film with a garish color palette right off a hippie 's tie dye shirt . "
The inhabitants of the planet Pandora in the film , the Na'vi , live in harmony with their natural surroundings and have strong faith in the powers of their goddess Eywa .
But the RDA corporation , run by humans , sets up shop on Pandora to exploit its mineral resources .
It will do anything to obtain Pandora 's " nobtainium , " even if that means destroying the Na'vi , their habitat and their faith .
Some conservative writers say they are outraged by strong religious undertones in the movie .
" Like the holiday season itself , the science fiction epic is a crass embodiment of capitalistic excess wrapped around a deeply felt religious message , " Conservative writer and blogger Ross Douthat wrote in an op -ed in the New York Times .
" ' Avatar ' is Cameron 's long apologia for pantheism -- a faith that equates God with Nature , and calls humanity into religious communion with the natural world . "
Avatar 's Political Message Irks Conservatives
Other themes in the movie have also been the subject of conservatives ' ire .
Travis Kavulla , an African Studies scholar , argues that the movie 's depiction of Na'vi as helpless victims gives a false sense that natives are always in harmony with nature .
" When you have this complete alien species presented as a kind of the Hollywood ethics embodiment , I do n't find it credible , " Kavulla told ABC News .
" There 's this romantic notion of nature .
...
It 's just ridiculous to think that most indigenous people are kind of hunter gatherers who do n't impact their environment . "
The movie also takes takes a swipe at the Bush administration 's war in Iraq , even drawing parallels to the Vietnam war , a move that Goldberg dubbed a cliche .
" There are dozens of movies that have taken shots at Bush , starting with ' Star Wars ' movies , " Goldberg told ABC News .
" What 's offensive about this is not that it 's carrying an ideological agenda .
It 's that it 's so lame .
The guy is not even president anymore .
...
It 's bravery at the cheapest for Cameron to think , if he thinks that , this took courage on his part to make . "
John Podhoretz , writing a critique for the Weekly Standard , goes so far as to call the movie " anti-American . "
" The conclusion does ask the audience to root for the defeat of American soldiers at the hands of an insurgency .
So it is a deep expression of anti-Americanism - kind of , " Podhoretz writes .
Conservatives Pan Liberal Bias in Avatar
This is certainly not the first time a Hollywood movie has been accused of liberal bias , or criticized for its political undertones .
Some critics such as Kavulla say the movie , which is mainly about the 3D special effects , should not be taken seriously .
But at the same time , some conservatives say they cannot discount its impact on pop culture .
" I think conservatives understand how influential pop culture can be , " Kavulla said .
" I talk to people who have not seen a movie in theaters in years .
Nonetheless they are talking about their excitement ...
It is a reinvented way of watching a movie . "
Those on the political right do n't see the movie as controversial -- in fact it may be the opposite , Goldberg said -- but there is a certain amount of sensitivity about these issues among conservatives .
" The special effects really look awesome but the story , regardless of the politic stuff , is salient .
...
It 's incredibly trite and cliched , " said Goldberg said .
For his part , Cameron has been unabashedly open about his political intentions .
The movie is about how greed and imperialism tend to destroy the environment , in this case the " pristine " environs of Pandora , Cameron said in an interview with NBC 's Today show .
" It 's a way of looking back at ourselves from this other world , seeing what we 're doing here . "
When a man and woman flirt with each other at a wedding reception , the sexual tension seems spontaneous .
As they break from the party to a hotel room , the flirtation turns into a night filled with passion and remorse .
From a male point of view , the only redeeming feature of the Twilight books and movies is the ammunition they provide against female claims of innate moral superiority over men .
See also : Review : Angst- and - Fangs Formula Lacks
Bite in New MoonWhenever a woman criticizes a man 's lust , aggression , shallowness or any other lesser angel of his personality , the quick - witted fellow can point to the millions of women addicted to the base , insipid , bad - boy - worshiping , misogynist syrup so many female viewers of all ages knelt to this past weekend , when The Twilight Saga : New Moon raked in $ 147 million at the box office , setting several records .
( A side benefit : The Twilight films provide good grist for RiffTrax 's movie - mocking mill — see video embedded above . )
In the spirit of speaking truth to diamond - skinned power , enjoy this list of unfortunate lessons girls learn from Twilight .
( The list operates under the principle that any grownup female who embraces Twilight 's junior - high dreck temporarily sacrifices her " woman card . " )
And so , with an insincere " love is forever , " we begin .
If a boy is aloof , stand - offish , ignores you or is just plain rude , it is because he is secretly in love with you — and you are the point of his existence .
Secrets are good — especially life - threatening ones .
It 's OK for a potential romantic interest to be dimwitted , violent and vengeful — as long as he has great abs .
If a boy tells you to stay away from him because he is dangerous and may even kill you , he must be the love of your life .
You should stay with him since he will keep you safe forever .
If a boy leaves you , especially suddenly ( while telling you he will never see you again ) , it is because he loves you so much he will suffer just to keep you safe .
When a boy leaves you , going into shock , losing all your friends and enduring night terrors are completely acceptable occurrences — as long as you keep your grades up .
It is extremely romantic to put yourself in dangerous situations in order to see your ex-boyfriend again .
It 's even more romantic to remember the sound of his voice when he yelled at you .
Boys who leave you always come back .
Because they come back , you should hold out , waiting for them for months , even when completely acceptable and less - abusive alternative males present themselves .
Even though you have no intention of dating an alternative male who expresses interest in you , it is fine to string the young man along for months .
Also , you should use him to fix things for you .
Maybe he 'll even buy you something .
You should use said male to fix things because girls are incapable of anything mechanical or technical .
Lying to your parents is fine .
Lying to your parents while you run away to save your suicidal boyfriend is an extremely good idea that shows your strength and maturity .
Also , it is what you must do .
Car theft in the service of love is acceptable .
If the boy you are in love with causes you ( even indirectly ) to be so badly beaten you end up in the hospital , you should tell the doctors and your family that you " fell down the steps " because you are such a silly , clumsy girl .
That false explanation always works well for abused women .
Men can be changed for the better if you sacrifice everything you are and devote yourself to their need for change .
Young women should make no effort to improve their social skills or emotional state .
Instead , they should seek out potential mates that share their morose deficiencies and emotional illnesses .
Girls should n't always read a book series just because everyone else has .
When writing a book series , it 's acceptable to lift seminal source material and bastardize it with tired , overwrought teenage angst .
When making or watching a major feature film , you should gleefully embrace the 20 minutes of plot it provides in between extended segments of vacant - eyed silence and self - indulgent , moaning banter .
Vampires — once among the great villains of literature and motion pictures — are no longer scary .
In fact , they 're every bit as whiny , self - absorbed and impotent as any human being .
Since the writer of this piece is clearly not female , the list came together only after discussing Twilight at length with women who enjoyed and detested the book and the first two movies .
Olivia Dunkley , Vanessa Fewings , Rosie Lewinski and Beth Ann Lewinski contributed to the article .
See Also :
synapse Profile Blog Joined January 2009 China 8816 Posts # 2 sweet ty :)
Mystlord Profile Blog Joined July 2008 United States 10257 Posts # 3
Oh my God I love you ret .
I 'll be watching this ASAP !
It is impossible to be a citizen if you do n't make an effort to understand the most basic activities of your government .
It is very difficult to thrive in an increasingly competitive world if you 're a nation of doods .
Perguvious Profile Blog Joined November 2008 United States 1770 Posts # 4 whoa ! time to practice
Wotans_Fire Profile Blog Joined November 2008 United Kingdom 294 Posts # 5
Wow thank you Artosis and Ret , just what I needed .
" OMG this is pivotal ! " ~ Tasteless " Indeed " ~ Artosis
Redunzl Profile Blog Joined January 2010 861 Posts # 6 wow , much obliged gentlemen
Pawsom Profile Blog Joined February 2009 United States 928 Posts # 7
Woo thanks !
zergpower 123 Profile Joined December 2009 United States 197 Posts # 8 Artosis you should n't be showing this , this will give Castro more ammo to use against Ret !
He will watch and learn and work on his muta micro to try to beat Ret on TSL !
Nal_rAwr Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 2611 Posts Last Edited : 2010-01-27 04:03:02 # 9 awesome !
i love artosis and tasteless and nony and ret !
Nony is Bonjwa
AtlaS Profile Blog Joined February 2009 United States 987 Posts # 10 wow thank you so much I do n't have mono anymore .
Woooo !
frozenclaw Profile Blog Joined December 2006 Canada 405 Posts # 11 Thank you Ret and Artosis !
Ret Hwaiting !
0mgVitaminE Profile Joined February 2009 United States 1251 Posts # 12
Very good very good .
Thanks
Hi there .
I 'm in a cave , how bout you ?
Purind Profile Blog Joined April 2004 Canada 3562 Posts # 13 On January 27 2010 12:31 zergpower123 wrote :
Artosis you should n't be showing this , this will give Castro more ammo to use against Ret !
He will watch and learn and work on his muta micro to try to beat Ret on TSL !
This is all a ruse .
He is teaching us the wrong way to micro mutas so that when he plays Castro , Castro will be unable to kill any scourge
This is all a ruse .
He is teaching us the wrong way to micro mutas so that when he plays Castro , Castro will be unable to kill any scourge Trucy Wright is hot
DragoonPK Profile Blog Joined July 2007 3256 Posts # 14 youtube artosis ! <3
Saracen Profile Blog Joined December 2007 United States 5139 Posts # 15 Ret lookin so fly .
win8282 Profile Blog Joined May 2009 Korea ( South ) 454 Posts # 16 On January 27 2010 12:56 Purind wrote :
Show nested quote +
On January 27 2010 12:31 zergpower123 wrote :
Artosis you should n't be showing this , this will give Castro more ammo to use against Ret !
He will watch and learn and work on his muta micro to try to beat Ret on TSL !
This is all a ruse .
He is teaching us the wrong way to micro mutas so that when he plays Castro , Castro will be unable to kill any scourge
This is all a ruse .
He is teaching us the wrong way to micro mutas so that when he plays Castro , Castro will be unable to kill any scourge
Shhh !
You just ruined it all ...
Shhh !
You just ruined it all ...
Ranix Profile Blog Joined March 2009 United States 666 Posts # 17 went to the 3rd courage ?
Just curious .
I think it says this in the courage video , but was this before or after ret went to the 3rd courage ?
Just curious .
Legends never gg
Grobyc Profile Blog Joined June 2008 Canada 18409 Posts Last Edited : 2010-01-27 04:11:20 # 18
I 've played the same map quite a bit , and ret is really spot on when he says you learn a lot about scourge movement and timing and stuff like that .
Sometimes you can't afford to play around with stuff like that in a real game , because if you mess up your mutas do n't just randomly respawn lol .
I must have wasted spent tonnes of hours of this map practicing thanks danI 've played the same map quite a bit , and ret is really spot on when he says you learn a lot about scourge movement and timing and stuff like that .
Sometimes you can't afford to play around with stuff like that in a real game , because if you mess up your mutas do n't just randomly respawn lol .
I must havespent tonnes of hours of this map practicing
If you watch Godzilla backwards it 's about a benevolent lizard who helps rebuild a city and then moonwalks into the ocean .
Shizuru~ Profile Blog Joined April 2009 Malaysia 1627 Posts # 19 awesome guide , Ret has definately improved alot on ZvZ , looking forward to TSL2 games !
love1 another Profile Blog Joined December 2009 United States 1844 Posts # 20
While looking at the BWAPI videos , there 's a way for mutas to shoot backwards with little to no deceleration .
Can this be done ?
" I 'm learning more and more that TL is n't the place to go for advice outside of anything you need in college .
It 's like you guys just make up your own fantasy world shit and post it as if you 've done it . "
- Chill
1 2 3 4 5 6 Next All
The existence of harsh labor conditions in factories around the world is a pressing moral issue .
But to improve those conditions , we should regard it as a logistical issue , too .
Consider the case of ABC , a giant clothing manufacturer whose products are made in more than 30 countries , and the subject of a new study led by Richard Locke , the Alvin J. Siteman ( 1948 ) Professor of Entrepreneurship and deputy dean of the MIT Sloan School of Management .
After being accused of poor labor practices in the early 1990s , Locke notes , ABC became a leader among corporations in addressing labor conditions .
The firm adopted a code of conduct for all factories providing it with goods , including those owned and run by local suppliers .
ABC developed a system to monitor labor conditions , and hired a large compliance staff to enforce its policies world - wide .
And yet for all of its efforts , just 24 percent of the roughly 200 factories in ABC 's global supply chain met its own labor standards in 2006 , as Locke and some colleagues reveal in a recently published paper based on a study of the firm 's own audit data and practices .
Garment workers at plants supplying ABC in the Dominican Republic were exposed to noxious chemicals and forced to work in overheated conditions , according to Locke and his co-authors ; as they detail it , other laborers , from Honduras to India , were asked to work overtime shifts in excess of ABC 's own established limits .
The traditional system of setting labor standards and attempting to enforce them , through periodic checks by corporate compliance officers , has not worked well enough , Locke and his colleagues conclude .
It is not adequate to police factories , they think .
Instead , officials should build relationships with factory managers , and offer pragmatic solutions that provide better working conditions .
" My original view was that the compliance system could make conditions better , if it were just better - designed or better - funded , " says Locke .
" In the process of research , I realized that just checking on factories and threatening them does n't work . "
In this view , multinational firms cannot just diagnose factory problems and expect them to vanish , but must take the lead in changing them .
Locke and two other researchers — Matthew Amengual and Akshay Mangla , PhD candidates in MIT 's Department of Political Science — outline this argument in the September issue of Politics and Society , in an article , " Virtue out of Necessity ?
Compliance , Commitment , and the improvement of Labor Conditions in Global Supply Chains . "
Basic policing of factories has " yet to deliver on its promise of sustained improvement in labor rights , " the authors say , while by contrast , factory monitors who take a problem - solving approach , have created " sustained improvements in working conditions and labor rights " around the world .
The authors were able to conduct the study because ABC ( a pseudonym chosen to protect its identity ) allowed them to study its data on labor conditions , and granted the researchers access to numerous factories where ABC 's suppliers actually make its clothes .
While evaluating the firm , Locke , Amengual , and Mangla saw with their own eyes evidence that a pragmatic , trouble - shooting mode of enforcement has rapid effects .
To solve the problems of exposure to fumes overheating in the Dominican Republic , for instance , compliance officers suggested moving the relevant equipment to the edge of the building space .
Ventilation improved and the problem diminished significantly .
To help the factory in Honduras , ABC persuaded its management to re-orient its machinery and workers ' schedules , to better handle the short - term " rapid replenishment " orders that had led to excess overtime .
The improved logistics cost the factory little financially and let it comply with ABC 's standards .
The MIT researchers found a similar result at a factory supplying ABC in Bangalore , India , where better workflow logistics also eliminated an overtime problem .
" We know from years of research that when you implement certain kinds of systems in the advanced industrial countries , you get better results , " says Locke .
But the managers of factories supplying ABC , he notes , often lack " real training or understanding of production techniques and high - performance systems . "
Labor - rights advocates applaud Locke 's ideas .
" People have looked to codes and auditing as a way to force accountability , " says Chris Jochnick , director of Private Sector Development at Oxfam America .
" But Rick was one of the first people to see that the way improvement happens is probably a lot more nuanced .
His work is a valuable way of looking at the problem . "
As Locke notes , this logistics - based approach to factory violations is just one piece of a still larger problem ; the demands global brands put on local factories must be addressed as well .
And as he readily acknowledges , some practical solutions could be expensive for factories , making managers reluctant to implement them .
In those cases , a hard - line approach may yet be useful .
" Sometimes you do need a bit of a threat , " he says .
" It 's that blend that seems to matter . "
Overall , though , Locke believes the ABC research extends related conclusions he has drawn from extensive studies earlier this decade of Nike , whose factory - conditions data he also analyzed .
The Nike studies have helped Locke 's ideas reach boardrooms , not just university colleagues .
" Even as a single academic , Rick has gotten a lot of people to think about the new approach , " says Jochnick .
" One audience really is the brands .
There are a lot of people at those firms whose interest is not just managing the risk [ of bad publicity ] but in seeing real improvements . "
Later this month , Locke will host a conference of executives both from non-governmental organizations and athletic - wear firms — including Nike , Adidas , New Balance , Puma and Asics — to discuss ways to use this problem - solving approach .
In all cases , Locke believes , it is crucial to treat factory managers as partners , not scofflaws .
" There are good apples and bad apples , " he says .
" The vast majority of managers are in between and just need help .
Compliance officers should say , ' Here are the problems .
How can we figure this out ? '
Then we can begin to tackle what is going on . "
Millions of people suffer from kidney disease , but in 2007 there were just 64,606 kidney - transplant operations in the entire world .
Today in the WSJ I discuss innovative solutions to the worldwide shortage of transplant organs from places like Iran , India , Singapore , Israel and elsewhere .
One interesting bit I have n't blogged about before is routine removal of organs without the donor's or their families consent .
China ?
No. America .
It 's been legal here for decades .
In a number of U.S. states , medical examiners conducting autopsies may and do harvest corneas with little or no family notification .
( By the time of autopsy , it is too late to harvest organs such as kidneys . )
Few people know about routine removal statutes and perhaps because of this , these laws have effectively increased cornea transplants .
Here is another bit on the shadowy definition of death :
Organs can be taken from deceased donors only after they have been declared dead , but where is the line between life and death ?
Philosophers have been debating the dividing line between baldness and nonbaldness for over 2,000 years , so there is little hope that the dividing line between life and death will ever be agreed upon .
Indeed , the great paradox of deceased donation is that we must draw the line between life and death precisely where we cannot be sure of the answer , because the line must lie where the donor is dead but the donor 's organs are not .
In 1968 the Journal of the American Medical Association published its criteria for brain death .
But reduced crime and better automobile safety have led to fewer potential brain - dead donors than in the past .
Now , greater attention is being given to donation after cardiac death : no heart beat for two to five minutes ( protocols differ ) after the heart stops beating spontaneously .
Both standards are controversial –the surgeon who performed the first heart transplant from a brain - dead donor in 1968 was threatened with prosecution , as have been some surgeons using donation after cardiac death .
Despite the controversy , donation after cardiac death more than tripled between 2002 and 2006 , when it accounted for about 8 % of all deceased donors nationwide .
In some regions , that figure is up to 20 % .
More on markets for organs , presumed consent , and point systems at the WSJ ,
Frequency of Each Digit of Pi by Eve Andersson
Home : Pi : One Calculation
in first 100 digits of pi
0 8 1 8 2 12 3 12 4 10 5 8 6 9 7 8 8 12 9 13 in first 1,000 digits of pi
0 93 1 116 2 103 3 103 4 93 5 97 6 94 7 95 8 101 9 105 in first 10,000 digits of pi
0 968 1 1026 2 1021 3 975 4 1012 5 1046 6 1021 7 969 8 948 9 1014 in first 100,000 digits of pi
0 9999 1 10137 2 9908 3 10026 4 9971 5 10026 6 10028 7 10025 8 9978 9 9902 in first 1,000,000 digits of pi
0 99959 1 99757 2 100026 3 100230 4 100230 5 100359 6 99548 7 99800 8 99985 9 100106 in first 10,000,000 digits of pi
0 999440 1 999333 2 1000306 3 999965 4 1001093 5 1000466 6 999337 7 1000206 8 999814 9 1000040 Great Pi Day Gift !
Los Boludos
Made with original vintage vacuum tubes !
Comments
Zero
Why does zero lag behind in the count .
It is a perfectly upstanding digit ?
Just had to ask , its a retorical question .
I am sure it has been asked before by greater minds .
sincerely DMA
-- Douglas Abbott
Why zero lags Obviously , some digit will lag .
Which digit has a reason to lag ?
None has a reason to lag .
Zero is none .
Therefore , zero lags .
-- Larry Hosken
Wait a minute Looking over the graph of the first 10,000,000 digits , now I think that the question was wrong .
Zero is n't the worst lagger .
Behold --
0 : 999440
1 : 999333 .
Therefore , I would like to amend my answer to " Will some digit lag ?
Empirical evidence suggests that one must .
Therefore , one lags . "
-- Larry Hosken
Zero
Is not at all a lacker
If you look closly enough you see that zero is never a slacker that it is eather ahead of a number or it is tied with another slacking number ... GO ZERO !!!!!!!!!
-- Michael Quagliano
Lagging digits Assume we take Pi out to an infinite amount of decimal places .
We cannot determine the last digit of Pi , because there is no last digit , the string of random numbers goes to infinity .
However , because there is no repeating pattern in the decimal portion of Pi we can assume that all numbers are equally likely to be the next number in the sequence as the length of the decimal portion goes to infinity .
This in effect defines the next number in the infinite sequence as a random event .
This means that each number is equally likely to be the next number so each has a 1/10 chance .
Therefore , the occurence of each digit should be equal once we reach an infinite number of decimal places .
This is supported by looking at the differences between the occurence of each number over time as compared to the total number of occurences .
The percentages shrink rather rapidly as the order of magnitude of the number of occurences increases .
The implications of this on the upcoming digits in the sequence are rather interesting , as this would mean that zero is actually more likely to occur than the other numbers , something of a paradox considering the random nature of the decimal place string .
-- chris campbell
Re : Lagging digits Chris , Your statement , " However , because there is no repeating pattern in the decimal portion of Pi we can assume that all numbers are equally likely to be the next number in the sequence ... " is n't actually correct .
Here is a counterexample .
Take the number 1.01001000100001000001 ...
It has no repeating pattern , yet not all digits are equally likely .
It has been conjectured that pi is " normal " which , mathematically speaking , means that all digits are equally likely and that other properties of randomness are adhered to .
However , this has yet to be proven .
-- Eve Andersson
My penny 's worth Surely Chris 's comment above that " zero is more likely to occur " is just an example of the innate problem with probability people seem to have .
If I flip a coin ten times and it lands tails - up seven times , that does not mean that my next coin flip is more likely to be heads to " even the score " .
If you bet on a horse ten times and it lost every time , you would n't bet on it again as it was now due a win ...
Were pi to be calculated to infinity , then - assuming it 's a normal number - then working from the fists 10,000,000 digits we would expect an infinite number of fours and infinity - minus - 1653 zeroes .
BTW
Eve I think you need to bring back the green antenna photos .
I was just leafing through a 1995 copy of Mac Format magazine and saw you beaming out at me as ' one of the coolest sites on the web ' .
-- Aidan Merritt
And another thing ...
If you really want to take this to it 's logical extreme , work out the frequencies of 1 and 0 in the binary expression of pi .
Intuition tells me that 1 would be way ahead , but I can't explain why I think this .
-- Aidan Merritt
Binary Digits
A quirky article by Mike Keith talks about drawing binary digits of pi on a hexagonal grid and then staring at the result until you can convince yourself you see a picture there .
Towards the end , he points out that in the first 1000 binary digits , zero appears more frequently than one .
Around bit 164 , it 's much more common than you would expect .
-- Larry Hosken
binary is anyone aware of a site where the pattern of binary is used to draw a " diagram " ta
-- scotty pi
Can you put pi up on the comment board ?!
Image : Abstract.bmp
-- Emily Harte
Pi R square
Any discussion of Pi , aside from its esoteric side , always brings a smile to my face .
As best I can remember , it was on Beverly Hillbillies where I first heard : " Pi R square " ... " no , it 's not " ...
" It certainly IS " ... " No , any fool knows : CORNBREAD are square , Pie are ROUND ! "
Maybe it 's even older than that ... anybody know fer shure ?
Charles Husbands
-- Charles Husbands
Memorizing PI
I got started being interested in pi when I visited my brother last month and my 14 year old nephew told me he would get an extra 30 points in math if he could memorize pi to the 74th decimal place .
I helped him figure out ways to remember the numbers and am happy to say that my nephew called me a couple of weeks ago to tell me that he did get the extra points .
I never memorized numbers longer than 16 digits before ( my credit card numbers ) or rather 19 numbers if you can really count my checking number which includes the routing number .
I was curious to find out how far I can memorize pi .
I have adopted the credit card system , by separating the numbers in pi in groups of 4s .
So far I am only up to the 30th group of 4's .
That 's 120 numbers .
Wow !!!
Not being a genius , and being a grandma , I am rather impressed with myself , LOL !!!
So I have issued a challenge to my 3 children , my 4 grandchildren that I would pay $ 1 for each group of 4's they could remember both in sequence and at random .
Thus each would be able to earn up to $ 60 .
I love to play blackjack , therefore I remember pi by associating the numbers with the game .
For instance : group 2 is 9265 = 2 double down hands , group 4 is 7932 = 21 , group 5 is 3846 = 21 , group 8 is 7950 = 21 , group 15 is 4944 = 21 , group 21 is 8628 , happy that the dealer has 3 eights instead of 3 sevens ! :)
Group 16 = 5923 , my ex husband 's work extension , not that I care because I do n't have his phone number ( I deleted them from my cell phone as well as from my own memory ) . :) )
I was born in the 105th group of 4's in pi after the decimal point .
I told my 3 kids I would give them $ 200 each if they tell me theirs ... well I 'm just relieved that I have only 3 children .
I would be broke otherwise , heh !
I had to tell my nieces and youngest son's fiancee the offer was good only for my 3 children , much to their dismay .
Well , I 've just memorized 3 more groups .
Maybe I will let the kids to up to 50 , depending on how far I can go by Feb. 16 weekend , which is when I will see all of the grand / kids .
First I will demonstrate that even I can recite the numbers , sequentially or at random .
So I am not asking them to memorize anything that their old mother / grandma cannot do herself .
Oh , I 'm up to group 36 now .
-- Lydia Shinohara
other bases
Pi is obviously going to look different if we calculate it in base 8 or base 12 or any base other than 10 .
Do we have any workups available of what the digit frequency looks like if we use some other base ?
Do we still have ' laggers ' , and -- if so -- are they the same ones ?
I doubt that they would be the same , but it would be an interesting experiment .
-- Jonathan Elliott
Because ...
If ( assumption ) the digits of pi are pseudorandom , zero will tend to lag , depending on how you average things out .
We choose by tradition not to write in a trailing zero after the decimal point , so any ' lengths ' of pi that would otherwise terminate with a zero , do n't .
The non -zero digit that precedes the zero gets a double score !
-- Julian P
pi in base 2 I 've been looking at the frequency of the digits of pi in base 2 .
So far up to the first 400 bits , 0 occurs 57 % of the time , 1 occurs 43 % of the time .
Running a chi-square test on this gives a result of this being random of only 7 % .
In other words with this initial sample , there is enough of a bias to warrant further testing .
I also ran a test on 2 digit bits and the bias is even stronger .
Does anyone know of a site that has pi in base 2 or am i going to have to convert a base 10 site ?
-- Steve Baldamus
Improper Math @ chris campbell , post " lagging digits " .
" The implications of this on the upcoming digits in the sequence are rather interesting , as this would mean that zero is actually more likely to occur than the other numbers , something of a paradox considering the random nature of the decimal place string . "
This is an improper usage of the law of averages .
The law of averages does not take in to account events previously occurred .
It merely states that as more trials occur , or the limit of trials approaches infinity , the experimental probability should converge on the theoretical probability .
I agree with the idea that if you look from zero the proportion of any digit to total ( experimental probability ) should approach the theoretical probability ; henceforth , the difference should occur more often to have the proportion equal out ; however , it still an improper usage of determined fact .
-- Stephen Unknown
Shannon entropy of pi I recently made a C program to calculate the entropy of pi in digits of base 256 ( like bytes ) and I got 8 this means that the " disorder " of the digits is maximum and you cannot compress the digits because Shannon entropy says that you will need 8 bits to represent each byte ( no compression at all ) recently made another C programm to average the PI digits and all the first 10 million digits have the same probabilities with digits in base 10 of arbitrary len .
The shannon entropy program can be found here
If you are going to apply it to PI you will need to get PI in bytes ( not base 10 )
-- Eduardo Ruiz Duarte
Pi digits are equiprobable Theoretically , each decimal digit of Pi can be viewed as independent of the other , and the events may be hypothesized as equiprobable , with probability , 0.10 .
Observably , the discrepancies between the proportion of the digits , for the first set of 100 digits are so pronounced .
However , as the set of digits increases , through 100,000 up to 10,000,000 , these discrepancies in proportion decreases , and , eventually , converges to zero .
In other words , the theoretical probabilities and the relative frequencies of the digits almost coincide , according to the law of large numbers , hence the leveling of the bars in the last chart .
Thus , the decimal digits of Pi are equiprobable each with probability 0.10 of occurrence .
-- Samuel K Dadzie
Mathematical beauty in the eyes of the beholder Theoretically , each decimal digit of Pi can be viewed as independent of the other , and the events may be hypothesized as equiprobable , with probability , 0.10 .
Observably , the discrepancies between the proportion of the digits , for the first set of 100 digits are so pronounced .
However , as the set of digits increases , through 100,000 up to 10,000,000 , these discrepancies in proportion decreases , and , eventually , converges to zero .
In other words , the theoretical probabilities and the observed relative frequencies of the digits almost coincide , according to the law of large numbers , hence the leveling of the bars in the last chart .
Thus , the decimal digits of Pi are equiprobable each with probability 0.10 of occurrence .
' pi ' is to Genesis 1:1 as ?e? is to John 1:1 .
There are many examples , which are clearly beyond the capability of human authorship ?
not even in field of Actuary .
-- Samuel K Dadzie
Pi in base 2
There are some obvious factors that must be considered - for the numbers 0 - 9 in base 10 , each number occurs only occurs once , and thus in a completely random normal number , it each digit would have a 1/10 chance of appearing in any one place and would thus be expected to appear 10 % of the time .
In binary there are only two digits - 0 and 1 - but do they both have the same frequency ?
Think of the process of getting pi in binary .
You would start with base 10 .
Do the numbers 0 - 9 in dec , when converted to binary , yield just as many 0's as 1's ?
Well , in fact , no .
There are eleven 0's and fifteen 1's .
From this knowledge , you would expect the infinite expansion of pi would be comprised of about 42.3 % zeros and 57.7 % ones .
That 's close to 57 % ones , so problem solved .
-- Troy Dana
too smooth ?
The number of each digit seems to deviate too little from the expected .
For the first n digits of pi , we can model the number of occurrences of any specific digit as the sum of n independent identically distributed Bernoulli random variables each with 10 % ( p=0.1 ) probability of being one and 90 % ( q=0.9 ) probability of being zero .
The average of such is np which , for n=10,000,000 ( ten million ) is 1,000,000 .
The standard deviation is sqrt( npq ) =948 .
And yet the most deviate digit is 1 which lags its expectation by only 667 .
So none of the ten digits fall more than 0.71 standard deviations away from the expected value .
Small sample size or a hint of some deep truth about pi ?
I suspect small sample size because if we back up to the first million digits , we get a standard deviation of 300 which is exceeded by 5s and 6s .
-- Fred Phelps
This year College Life wants to make March Madness the biggest event of the year .
It ’s a new decade and we ’re kicking it off in style - literally .
We ’re calling to the best photographers , artists , Photoshoppers , cartoonists and designers of the world to show us what March Madness looks like to them .
Show us your best March Madness creations and we ’ll give you some awesome prizes .
Design anything that you want that represents March Madness to you .
Make the coolest college team wallpaper .
Redesign your favorite college team logo .
Style brand new jerseys if you want .
We do n’t care if you want to send in t- shirt ideas , March Madness comics or even new outfits for the band .
We just want to see what the fans want to see .
Use whatever design system you ’re used to , whether that ’s pen and paper or Adobe CS4 .
All entries must be sent to contest [ @ ] classesandcareers.com .
The submissions must be an ORIGINAL work in a JPG or PNG format .
Submission left in the comments will be deleted or ignored .
Send it to us in an email .
The winner will get to choose between two awesome Prizes :
Prize 1 : Canon EOS Rebel T1i Digital SLR Camera
Prize 2 : Wacom Intuos 4 Design Tablet
All entries are due by 10 PM MST on Feb 27th .
Starting with March 1 , we ’ll unveil our Sweet 16 who ’ll have 48 hours to get the most votes in order to further in the competition .
Selection Sunday : Feb 28
Sweet Sixteen : March 1 - 2
Elite Eight : March 3 - 4
Final Four : March 5 - 6
Final Round : March 8 - 9
Winners Announced : March 10
Let ’s see your true colors .
Send us your custom design and win something awesome .
Make March the maddest month of the year .
THE RULES :
Must be 18 or older to enter .
Contestants must live in the United States .
The submissions must be original , do n’t submit anything that is copyrighted .
Prizes will only be given away if we receive a minimum of 16 entries .
Multiple entries are allowed and encouraged !
Fears that a deadly virus could spread west from Ukraine
A cocktail of three flu viruses are reported to have mutated into a single pneumonic plague , which it is believed may be far more dangerous than swine flu .
The death toll has reached 189 and more than 1 million people have been infected , most of them in the nine regions of Western Ukraine .
President of Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko has called in the World Health Organisation and a team of nine specialists are carrying out tests in Kiev and Lviv to identify the virus .
Samples have been sent to London for analysis .
RELATED ... *
The man who can taste words ... *
My 10 - year - old is 5 ft7in tall ... *
Are we being polluted by electricity ?
resident Yushchenko said : “ People are dying .
The epidemic is killing doctors .
This is absolutely inconceivable in the 21st Century . ”
In a TV interview , the President added : “ Unlike similar epidemics in other countries , three causes of serious viral infections came together simultaneously in Ukraine – two seasonal flus and the Californian flu “ Virologists conclude that this combination of infections may produce an even more aggressive new virus as a result of mutation . ”
Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko has been touring hospitals where victims are being treated and presidential elections in January could be cancelled .
Four men and one woman have died from the flu in Lviv , said emergency hospital chief doctor Myron Borysevych .
Two of the dead patients were in the 22 -35 age group , with two others over 60 .
He diagnosed the disease as viral pneumonia .
“ We have sent the analyses to Kiev .
We do n’t believe it ’s H1N1 swine flu .
Neither do we know what kind of pneumonia it is . ”
Universities , schools and kindergartens have been closed , public meetings have been banned and theatres shut .
Last week several border crossings in the country were also closed .
Last night reports emerged of profiteering over face masks , which have sold out since the outbreak .
There are also incidents of anti-virus medication being sold for exorbitant prices .
A spokesman for the World Health Organisation said : “ We do not have a time scale for the results of the tests in London , although some preliminary results have been obtained .
I can not tell you what they are .
“ We did not have enough of the virus samples so we will have to grow some more before we can come to a conclusive decision about its nature . ”
Neighbouring Poland has called on the EU to take action , fearing the mystery virus may spread westwards .
Prime Minister Donald Tusk has written to European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso and the Swedish Prime Minister , Fredrik Reinfeldt , who holds the EU presidency , saying : “ The character of this threat demands that rapid action be undertaken at the European Union level . ”
Russia , Slovakia , Poland , Hungary and Romania , countries that border Ukraine , have already launched health checks on Ukrainians entering their territory .
“ He ’s a great fit for the district , ” said a senior House Democratic aide , noting that the party also urged Sparks to run for the seat last year , when the seat became open following the retirement of Democratic Rep. Bud Cramer .
Justin Saia , Sparks ’ campaign manager , would only say that the commissioner is “ open to entertaining other options ” -- but then made the case for why his candidate would be formidable in the congressional campaign .
“ He has won every county in the 5th twice , ” Saia said , noting Sparks ’ roots in north Alabama .
If Sparks were to jump into the House race , Alabama Democrats could avoid a gubernatorial primary that is already dividing the party and threatens to hamper their chance to reclaim the governor ’s mansion after eight years of Republican Gov. Bob Riley , who is term - limited .
And it may present state and national Democrats with their best hope for exacting revenge on Griffith , who took their cash in 2008 only to slam the party a year later in announcing his switch .
“ [ Sparks ] is north Alabama to his bone marrow even though he lives adjacent to the actual 5th , ” said a veteran Alabama Democrat .
“ The folks in the 5th love him and his announcement would silence all other [ Democratic ] challengers because they know it 's Sparks in a walk . ”
#
Howie has been tracking the stone 's - throw journey of first - term Alabama Rep.
Parker Griffith in AL - 05 -- from the Republican wing of the Democratic Party to the Confederate heart of the Republican Party , where it appears he 's running into a formidable obstacle in the form of a ready - and - waiting R candidate for his seat , Mo Brooks .
Now , as Jonathan Martin reports in Politico , it appears that , whom Howie wrote about in 2007 as " a fiery populist " -- with stirring quotes to back this up -- " who could ignite sparks " in a potential Senate race , which never materialized , could become a factor .
Sparks , who has strong North Alabama roots , has been targeting the Democratic gubernatorial primary against lackluster Rep.
Artur Davis , but is now being lobbied personally by DCCC chair Chris Van Hollen to seek the Dem nomination in his political stronghold .
Martin also notes : Perhaps more noteworthy than the news itself ( although Sparks certainly sounds like an upgrade over Griffith ) is that it 's reported so Dem - sympathetically in Politico , which usually manages to find the storm cloud in any Dem news and the silver lining in all things GOP .
Is it possible that Parker Griffith is so unpopular that even Politico is titillated by the possibility of his former party having its " revenge " on him ?
Labels : Alabama , Parker Griffith , Politico , Ron Sparks
Internets should be given freely , so if you were tricked into coming here , or even if you were asked , do n't give internets .
Reddit has 323 internets .
Are you sure you wish to give them another ?
I got my first job at 15 bundling and tying newspapers at a local community newspaper .
I paid federal , state , Medicare and social security taxes .
I was told this was to provide me with benefits in retirement .
I was only making $ 2.25 an hour , but I was glad to have the job .
The deductions from my paycheck for taxes did not bother me .
I understood the U.S. Government would provide for me in my retirement .
That was a contract in my mind .
My payments on that contract have continued for the next 34 years .
But Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) and his GOP Roadmap to the Future want to tear up that contract .
Why ?
Because I am not 55 .
Think about it .
We have bailed out failed banks and insurance companies so they would not breach their contracts .
100 cents on the dollar .
Ryan , of course , not only voted for the bank bailout , he twisted the arms of reluctant Republican colleagues to do the same .
Why is the contract with citizens of the U.S.A. less important than a contract between a bank and an insurance company ?
Paul Ryan ( who I believe is speaking for the Republican Party ) wants to reduce the benefits I have been paying in to for 34 years .
He would like to replace them with subsidies to buy health insurance from the private corporations that have donated $ 528,751 to his political campaigns , the most of any member of Congress from Wisconsin in history .
Those subsidies are woefully inadequate , and would go to the insurance companies that have been so very , very generous to him .
He also wants to change how the contributions to Social Security work ( so Wall Street would get their piece ) and the benefits .
And raise the retirement age again .
( Thank you , President Reagan , for me having to work till 67 .
Now Ryan wants me to work till 70 ? )
Why would anyone trust their money on Wall Street today ?
We have a lack of regulation , and a history of criminal behavior ( see Enron , MCI , Madoff ) that has wiped out people 's retirement funds .
The Roadmap would also change the tax code , but not in a good way .
The highest rate would be 25 % for people making over $ 100 K per year , and it would lower the corporate tax rate , and for a kicker eliminate the estate tax ( aka by Fox News " the death tax " ) .
Maybe it 's just me , but after your first few million in income , do n't you think a 50 % marginal rate is not unreasonable for the privilege to live in a country where you were able to make that much money ?
I wonder if Congressman Ryan 's Roadmap includes cutting out the banks from skimming money off of student loans ?
What about eliminating the anti-trust exemption for health insurance companies ?
Not to mention eliminating preexisting condition exclusions or being able to cancel your policy for health reasons .
Paul Ryan 's Roadmap looks more like a treasure map for the wealthy , corporations and insurance companies than a Rand McNally Road Atlas for middle class survival .
Had enough of Paul Ryan ?
Powerful interests want to set him up to run for president .
Please help Paulette Garin stop him now .
Labels : Paul Ryan , Wisconsin
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia —
An international human rights group has urged a Saudi court to overturn a death sentence imposed on a Lebanese man convicted of practicing witchcraft .
Human Rights
Watch has urged the Saudi government in a statement released late Tuesday to halt the increasing use vaguely defined “ witchcraft ” charges .
Ali Sibat , a psychic who made predictions on a satellite TV channel from his home in Beirut , was sentenced by a Saudi court on Nov. 9 .
He was arrested in Medina in May 2008 by members of the religious police who recognized him from the TV show .
Witchcraft , sorcery and fortune - telling are considered polytheism by the government of this deeply religious Muslim country .
- at-
WFMU @ Blip Festival 2k9
WFMU will be webcasting this year 's edition of the amazing BLIP FESTIVAL in its entirety !
Three days of pixelated madness LIVE from The Bell House in Brooklyn : Trash - bin symphonies and ray - chasing pixel pushers rule at the music and arts festival on December 17th , 18th , and 19th .
Entering its fourth year of celebrating the best and brightest from the realm of chipmusic and its related disciplines , the festival showcases the use of the former heavyweights of computing such as the Commodore 64 and Amiga , the Atari ST and 2600 , and the Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy to create arresting music and visual art .
Point your streaming music player to http://wfmu.org/blip.pls at the following times to tune in live :
Thursday 12/17 8 pm - 1:30 am
Friday 12/18 8 pm - 1:30 am
Saturday 12/19 6 pm - 1:30 am
Full broadcast schedule available HERE .
Trent DJ 's between sets .
NOTE : WFMU 's Broadcasts from the Blip Festival will stream from a separate virtual location and will not pre-empt any normal FM or web broadcasts .
The Blip Festival is presented by Manhattan arts organization The Tank , in partnership with NYC artist collective 8 bitpeoples .
Thanks to Jason Sigal , Doron Gura , Chris Burke , Peter Swimm , Jenn De La Vega , Jeff Mulan , Peter Speer , Cambra Moniz - Edwards , Betsy Nichols , Eric Laska , Alex Yockey , Ernie Indradat , and Bil Bowen for making this special presentation a reality .
The War Against Nature Resumes
As the new badger cull shows , we revert to irrational destruction as soon as our economic interests are threatened .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian 19th January 2010
There ’s a story which almost all of us believe : that beyond a certain state of development , we re-learn a respect for nature .
It is true that some of the excesses of the early modern age – attempts by gamekeepers to kill all competing species , mass slaughter by white hunters in the colonies , the grubbing up of hedgerows and ancient woodlands – have lessened , though we still eat endangered fish and buy timber from clearcut rainforest .
It is also true that we give more money to conservation projects and spend more time watching wildlife films than we have ever done before .
But as soon as we perceive that our economic interests are threatened , our war against nature resumes .
2010 is the International Year of Biodiversity .
The Welsh Assembly Government is celebrating the occasion by launching a project to exterminate the badger .
I wo n’t pretend that this story ranks alongside the catastrophe in Haiti or the meltdown in Afghanistan , but it casts an interesting light on humanity ’s continuing impulse to conquer nature , and shows how , even when cloaked in the language of science , our relations with the natural world are still governed by irrationality and superstition .
Last week the Welsh rural affairs minister , Elin Jones , announced what her government calls “ a pro-active non-selective badger cull ” in west Wales ( 1 ) .
What this means is the elimination of the species , beginning when the cubs emerge from their burrows in May .
Badgers carry the bacterium which causes bovine tuberculosis .
The purpose of the experiment is to discover whether the number of cows with the disease is reduced when the badger is exterminated .
If it works , the method might be applied elsewhere .
But even before the experiment begins , I can tell you that it ’s a waste of time and money .
In 2007 , after nine years of research , the Independent Scientific Group on Cattle TB sent its final report to the UK government .
It discovered that “ badger culling cannot meaningfully contribute to the future control of cattle TB in Britain . ” (2) Rather than suppressing the disease , killing badgers appears to spread it .
The researchers had killed badgers across 30 areas , each of 100 square kilometres .
They found that when the badgers were culled in response to local outbreaks of TB , the slaughter “ increased , rather than reduced ” the incidence of the disease in cattle : the level of infection rose by some 20 % .
When badgers were killed pro-actively ( culled annually , regardless of whether cattle were infected ) , the incidence of TB inside the killing zone was reduced by 23 % , but the incidence outside it increased by 25 % .
The reason is that the killing changes the behaviour of the badgers : they travel more and mix more , either to escape the slaughter or to investigate the ecological space it opens up .
The economic costs of pro-active culling , the study found , were 40 times greater than the benefits .
But the old reflex dies hard .
As the scientific group pointed out , “ agricultural and veterinary leaders continue to believe , in spite of overwhelming scientific evidence to the contrary , that the main approach to cattle TB control must involve some form of badger population control . ”
It noted “ considerable reluctance to accept and embrace scientific findings .
” ( 3) The Welsh government shares this reluctance .
In announcing her extermination policy last week , Elin Jones claimed that the cull would be conducted according to “ the requirements outlined by the Independent Scientific Group ” ( 4 ) .
But the ISG could n’t have made itself clearer : badger culling of any kind wo n’t work .
Instead , governments should do more to control the way that cattle are kept , tested and moved .
This was a message that farmers and the Welsh government did n’t want to hear .
The policy Elin Jones announced last week is even worse than this suggests .
Her culling experiment is actually testing two variables : exterminating badgers and better management of cattle .
Yet there are no experimental controls ( study areas in which one or both methods are not being tried ) ( 5 ) , so there is no means of telling which of the two measures is working , or whether changes in the incidence of the disease have anything to do with the experiment .
There ’s a scientific term for a study that simultaneously tests two variables while using no controls : worthless .
The Welsh experiment has nothing to do with science and everything to do with appeasing farmers .
The Farmers ’ Union of Wales has been furiously demanding that time and money should be wasted in this fashion .
It has lobbied the assembly government for a scheme that will damage its members ’ interests and alienate the people who buy their milk and butter and cheese .
It appears to be impervious to evidence or reason : last week it announced that “ badger culling works .
Any talk about farming practices being a significant factor are unfounded . ” ( 6 )
But even if extermination did work , the effect could be sustained only by killing any badgers that re-entered the area : in other words , rendering the species extinct there .
Were the same approach to be rolled out across a wider area ( the policy the experiment is designed to test ) , the badger would have to become extinct not only across that zone , but also in all neighbouring zones .
Because badgers will move into areas from which the species has been erased , the only logical outcome of this approach is to exterminate the badger throughout the United Kingdom .
As this is politically unacceptable , the Welsh experiment is pointless as well as worthless .
This exercise in wilful stupidity betrays an approach to the natural world that has scarcely altered since the Dark Ages .
We still act as if we have been granted dominion over it .
Those with an economic interest seem to regard any species which might compete or conflict with them as a threat not only to their income but also to their power .
They still treat the natural world as disposable : nothing is too precious , too great a source of wonder and delight to liquidate .
There appears to be no point of regret beyond which we wo n’t venture , no lesson in ecological collapse we are prepared to learn .
The Christian worldview , which places humankind at the apex of creation , is hard to shake , even in the most secular nation on earth .
All industries strive not only towards monopoly but also towards monoculture : domination of the natural or cultural landscape .
This is what George Orwell meant when he remarked that “ the logical end of mechanical progress is to reduce the human being to something resembling a brain in a bottle . ” ( 7 ) Industry , if left unchecked , tolerates no deviance .
It seeks to shrink both the range of human experience and the wonders of the natural world until they fit into the container it has made for them .
We could lose badgers and – except for those of us who spend summer evenings watching them as they shuffle out of their setts – suffer few tangible losses .
But the urge to destroy them springs from the same pathological instinct for power which would deprive us of almost everything .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1 . http://www.meattradenewsdaily.co.uk/news/150110/wales___welsh_assembly_government_satement_on_tb_erradication_.aspx
2. Independent Scientific Group on Cattle TB , June 2007 .
Bovine TB : The Scientific Evidence .
http://www.defra.gov.uk/foodfarm/farmanimal/diseases/atoz/tb/isg/report/final_report.pdf
3. ibid .
4 . http://www.meattradenewsdaily.co.uk/news/150110/wales___welsh_assembly_government_satement_on_tb_erradication_.aspx
5 . http://wales.gov.uk/docs/drah/consultation/090603bovinetborderconsdocen.pdf
6 . http://www.fuw.org.uk/read-press-release/items/395.html
7. George Orwell , 1937 .
The Road to Wigan Pier , p.187 .
Penguin Modern Classics .
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security
One of the core tenets of the entire .
NET architecture ( compared to the native Win32 world ) was security .
Now with COM bindings for Silverlight and the end of Code Access Security , the picture has been changed significantly .
One of the core tenets of the entire .
NET architecture ( compared to the native Win32 world ) was security .
At the very beginning , it was often claimed you could mathematically prove that a managed application was types safe , you could use Code Access Security to determine if an application had specific permission to execute any code deemed potentially unsafe .
Also the goal ( 4 or 5 years ago ) was to rapidly phase out COM ( declared an obsolete legacy technology right after .
NET was launched ) and native code in favor of an all managed ecosystem .
Fast forward to the last few weeks .
First , one of the most heralded new features of Silverlight 4 is its COM binding capability .
This goes against the security mantra ( even if this will be possible only for applications installed locally ) , the entire idea of portability ( how could a Mono app on Linux talk via COM to Office is a mystery ) , and the notion that COM is obsolete .
One of the core issues is Microsoft Office interaction .
If Microsoft cannot push Office as an element of its development ecosystem .
Second , one of the cornerstones of .NET security , Code Access Security , is " retired " as Tim Anderson clearly tells in his blog .
Even if powerful , the model was too complex for most programmers to comply with and system administrators to enable .
This certainly does n't compromise the security of .NET applications in any way , as I doubt it was really used .
Now if we put these two unrelated announcements together , the morale is quite obvious ( at least to me and many other die - heats native Win32 developers ) : Native COM and Win32 code is here to stay and using it properly does n't compromise security .
This is not surprising , given the amount of new native ( COM and Win32 ) features in Windows Vista and ( even more ) Windows 7 .
There is nothing new in recent operating systems you cannot use in a native application .
Connecting the dots , however , I 'm tempted to push this a little forward .
Contrary to what Microsoft envisioned or hoped or simply told us , the Windows ecosystem is not moving towards a .NET centric solution , but .NET is only a powerful and sophisticated execution and development environment on top of Windows .
Which is what Delphi and the VCL are , even if at a much smaller extened due to the highly different R&D budget behind it .
I know this is debatable , happy to hear about your point of view .
22 Comments
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security Could n't agree more with your moral : Win32 will never go away and the fact Windows 7 includes new native and COM code illustrates the point that Microsoft thought they could change the face of software development on Windows .
Did they really think that 15 years of prior native - code development would all go eventually ?
The , otherwise exceptional , Lino Tadros , at a Delphi Developer 's Conference in reading in about 2002 / 3 , said " it is n't a case of IF you move to . NET , but WHEN " .
I did n't believe him at the time and I 'd be interested to hear his comments on that quote now .
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security . net is a nightmare .
the same nightmare as java .
Buggy and slow .
Native code rocks always and forever .
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security That 's good , but Delphi VCL does very little to exploit Windows security - look at Datasnoop 2010 .
Right now we still have mostly a Win9x development tool update to support Unicode and some new GUI features .
Behind that , there 's almost nothing built upon the NT line capabilities .
COM / DCOM support was never really improved , and still has limits due to Win9x did n't had full capabilities , although Win9x is no longer supported .
BTW : " the entire idea of portability " at Redmond just means how to port users to Windows and Office .
What Mono on Linux does I guess is the last of their worries - and mine < g >.
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security For me , .NET is just a huge and easy to use library , where most features are free ( as in beer , compared to Delphi ) .
Another goodie is Mono , which really seems to be coming of age .
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security " The Windows ecosystem is not moving towards a . NET centric solution " Hmmm .
Microsoft " Midori " ?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Midori_(operating_system)
It will be the first Microsoft managed operation system .
They are working on it .
Perhaps , Windows will run within Midori for keeping compatibility ...
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security
There will never be a .net OS .
. net will be what it is : a niche product as java for special tasks , but no main stream technology .
Security and .net ???
LOL !!!
Everybody can see your code via disassembler .
The life becomes easier for the Chinese Service .
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security Found a comment to this blog post at http://wupingxin.blogspot.com/2010/01/com-is-still- alive.html
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security Frankly , I do n't know what MS wants , but it is for sure that they have to do some new thing because Windows becomes unsaleable .
In my opinion , the .NET would be a great possibility for creating a full managed / OOP Windows API .
An extra abstraction layer is always better for supporting higher level solutions ( programming languages , OOP API , security & isolation , etc. ) .
Of course , there are also performance problems , but a " manged " layer is several advantages you do n't able to do in native code .
It is fact .
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security Daywalker , seven years are not enough to develop an OS using MS resources ?
And did you ever hear about JavaOS and its siblings ?
MS needed such project to push developer to embrace .NET which started with zero developers available .
My take : 128 bit processor will become mainstream before we see a .
NET / Java OS .
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security I am glad that I did n’t invest so much on .
Net , my conclusion now is much the same as it was 9 years ago which I posted in borland.public.delphi.non - technical : http://groups.google.com/group/ borland.public.delphi.non-technical/browse_thread/
thread/432e8fd36f5220ee
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security Luigi , in my opinion , it makes no sense .
Again , I like the .NET and the native code world too .
I can imagine a full managed operation system on my dual core ( x64 ) machine .
Anyway , there are several advantages of the .NET .
See parallel framework , entity framework v2.0 , improved language features , an OOP class library ( no visual " LEGO " components ) , Workflow Foundation 4.0 !!!
and Windows Communication Foundation 4.0 ( improved MSMQ support ) !!!
These are good things and no enemies .
If the Windows API would be so unified like the .NET , then ...
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security
This is a continuing conversation , trying to find problems with another framework / platform to legitimize one 's affection to a certain platform .
Java folks do this with .net , .net folks with Java , windows folks with Linux , and apple with everybody else .
Even without code access security and with optional COM interop with silverlight , there is enough layers of abstraction and access to OS security features from .
net that makes it much easier to develop secure applications .
The argument that one can create secure application with win32 ( or assembly or any other ) is rather self defeating .
Now , when it comes to VCL , though i do not have enough exposure to Vcl2010 , the previous versions were quite buggy ( even after discounting the bloached . net effort ) , which in itself is a security threat .
With the ever shrinking ecosystem of ancilliary tools ( code analysis , testing , agile , components )
Delphi is fast becoming the preferred tool of a few die hard fans .
Delphi is still contemplating 64 bit , while most of the new computers come with 64 bit OS .
If you look at the history of large scale changes in VCL / IDE , I personally dont have a lot of trust in the first or even second version of a 64 bit releast .
The same goes for parallel computing ( which Oxygene / Prism already supports at a language level ) .
The lesson ?
Finding fault with others wont automatically improve your standing .
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security Thanks for this blog .
I really opened my eyes to three facts ( from my view point ) : 1 . Delphi is here to stay but unfortunately its IDE is still dependent on bloated and slow to execute .NET framework .
This itself show that even a Native Code compiler developer has to use and depend on .
NET .
Very BAD !
2 . VB will not die out that soon .
That is just great .
I have a fleet of ActiveX ( around 200 ) most of which are just not getting imported properly in Delphi 2006 but they seem work seamlessly in VB6 .
So I can and should develop in VB6 also instead of ignoring it .
That is what I have been doing since last 2 years .
3 . Any programming language be it Delphi or VB or what ever is incomplete if it does not support ActiveX / COM natively as this technology is the back bone of Windows .
So I think for Delphi to be really usable and have greater appeal in the programming world it should be able to host ActiveX as easily as VB6 without any unwanted work around .
In short Delphi should support VCL as well as ActiveX out of the box and there should be some way by which one can add a VCL or an Activex / COM to a project directly like one would add a code module to a project .
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security Daywalker , I never said .
NET / Java are useless environments .
But they are - and IMHO will be for a long time - environments atop a native operating system , and I wonder when - and if - we will see a fully managed OS - or even an OS with only a managed interface .
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security Luigi , I hope that this is the near future .
( 2020 ??? :D) I 'm waiting for this .
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security Write in C : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5LNTTGDKYo
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security I guess WWSAPI is interesting too : http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/wwsapi
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security I think the post is not totally accurate .
Let 's start by the security model .
It is true that CAS is going to be retired , but it is also true that a new model is taking place , named security transparency ( http://blogs.msdn.com/shawnfa/archive/2009/11/03/tran sparency-101-basic-transparency-rules.aspx ) .
Actually this is not really new because it has been used by Silverlight runtime since long time ago and we could say with good success .
Then COM .
It is very true that COM is very hard to remove and it was probably a dream to think about removing it in few years .
When MS proposed to remove VBA from Office they got busted by the customers .
Back to the case of Silverlight , COM can be called only for out of the browser instances , which makes Silverlight more like a standard Windows application .
As far as I know Silverlight got only one security vulenarability discovered ( it was Silverlight 2.0 ) and this proves , somehow , that the security model adopted is not so bad .
Is n't it ?
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security I reported the Windows Web Services API support yesterday .
http://qc.embarcadero.com/wc/qcmain.aspx?
d=81498 .
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security The ( so to say ) Delphi killer app to me ( actually my company ) was ASP .
NET .
The web development makes the difference .
Compare intraweb with asp.net ; see the work a firm like DevExpress is doing ; they still work with Delphi ( great components too ) but , for web development , build very sophisticated libraries asp.net based ....
Microsoft , Native Code , and Security
This is a blog dated back to 2004 , but I feel it mentions one fact , which is more relevant today .
The real power of Microsoft was in their API ( Win32 API ) and if they loose it , they will loose the everything and ultimately the ' war ' also .
http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/APIWar.html
VC ++ in its ' swan song ' ?
- Microsoft , Native Code , and Security Just thought of adding the following , as it relates to this discussion about ' native ' world .
Though MS can't do away with the native platform , I feel , it is now clear that like their old VB , even VC ++ will eventually be dumped .
( Even now it is just a second class ' citizen ' in MS DotNET world )
If not convinced , please read the following , which is " Straight from the horse 's mouth " http://connect.microsoft.com/VisualStudio/feedback/details/382151/what-is-the-future-of-c-cli
" Investing in C++/CLI will be mainly in the native - managed interop areas . " and VC ++ wo n't play a major role in DotNET .
See these http://www.tech-archive.net/Archive/DotNet/microsoft.public.dotnet.languages.vc/2007-12/msg00254.html
http://msmvps.com/blogs/peterritchie/archive/2008/01/29/is-c-cli-a-second-class-language-with-microsoft.aspx
Also , this http://www.pcreview.co.uk/forums/thread-3683834.php
Post Your Comment
Click here for posting your feedback to this blog .
There are currently 0 pending ( unapproved ) messages .
How a children 's game proves ADHD really is all in the mind
The news will infuriate millions of parents who have children diagnosed with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) .
A new British study has proved that children suffering from the behavioural disorder can control their symptoms - simply by learning self - discipline .
Researchers from the University of Hertfordshire 's School of Psychology in Hatfield have been studying the effects of a thought - controlled computer game that requires the player to concentrate in order to win .
Ten children , who were either diagnosed with ADHD or identified by their teachers as having attention problems , were asked to play the game three times a week for 12 weeks .
Game plan : Justis Wintz has made steady progress since taking part in the study and his mother Suzanne says he is much calmer
Each session lasted for half an hour with the children tested to measure their attention before and after the experiment .
At the end of the study , the researchers found that the children 's impulsive behaviour had improved by at least 25 per cent .
The results are being hailed by experts as a major breakthrough in the treatment of ADHD , which is estimated to affect between three and nine per cent of children in the UK .
' The game trains children who have problems with attention to concentrate , ' explains Professor Karen Pine , who led the study .
' Children with ADHD can't sit still and find it hard to stick at any task .
They never seem to listen and appear unruly or badly behaved .
The condition makes it hard for them to curb their impulsiveness .
' Traditionally , drug treatment has been the only real option .
But these findings show that ADHD can be tackled simply by teaching self - control . '
ADHD is defined by two broad groups of behavioural problems : inattentiveness , and a combination of hyperactivity and impulsiveness .
Common symptoms also include a short attention span , restlessness and constant fidgeting .
It was first described by physiologists in the late Eighties , and boys are three times more likely to be diagnosed .
The condition is usually managed , if at all , with medication including powerful amphetamine - like stimulant drugs , which work by affecting levels of brain chemicals known as neurotransmitters , aiding concentration and reducing hyperactivity .
However , these carry serious side effects when taken long - term , including damage to the cardiovascular and nervous systems - and many parents are reluctant to medicate their children .
Around 60 per cent of children diagnosed with ADHD continue to suffer from the condition as adults .
The Hertfordshire researchers were investigating the effects of a learning strategy known as electroencephalography ( EEG ) biofeedback , now used in a number of American schools for children with attention problems .
The games system , called Play Attention , uses a helmet lined with electrodes , to monitor brain activity , which is connected to a computer .
' The helmet picks up brain rhythms associated with concentration , ' explains Prof Pine .
' This sends messages to what is effectively a computer games console , so the player can control the game with their mind .
' The games are designed so that if the player concentrates for long enough they win .
However , if their attention is broken the game freezes .
' In one game the children had to get a deep - sea diver to descend to the seabed and retrieve treasure .
To get him to dive , they had to focus their attention - he stopped moving if their mind wandered .
It is a fun and very effective way of teaching these children to control their attention . '
One child who took part was eight - year - old Justis Wintz , from Hoddesdon , Hertfordshire .
' When Justis first started school , it quickly became obvious he had problems concentrating , ' says his mother Suzanne Delaney , 39 , a mature student .
' His teachers told us that he would n't sit still and that he'd often blurt out inappropriate questions .
' This did n't surprise us - at home his temper was volatile .
One minute he'd be playing , the next he was angry and throwing things at us .
He was impossible to discipline .'
Suzanne and her partner Joseph Wintz , 41 , a supervisor for London Underground , eventually had to move their son to a local special school .
But since participating in the Play Attention study , they are delighted with his progress .
' He is calmer and he does n't fidget as much , ' says Suzanne .
' He now gets dressed with less prompting , gets his own juice and even washes up the odd saucepan , which he never did before .
Since he 's changed so much in a relatively short time , our aim is for him to go into a mainstream secondary school . '
In US studies , EEG feedback was found to be effective in controlling symptoms of ADHD in 75 per cent of patients .
The games makers , educational charity Games For Life , hope the systems - which cost around £ 2,500 - will eventually become commonplace .
Prof Pine believes the results of the study are promising but says that more research is needed .
' We do n't know how long the effect lasts but we expect three months of sessions would be a minimum length of time needed to see a significant lasting difference in behaviour , ' she says .
• www.gamesforlife.co.uk
On the face of it , giving drug addicts free heroin is a contentious move , but that is exactly what happens in Switzerland .
A referendum last year was overwhelmingly passed to approve the program , which has been running for years as a trial .
It gives security to a system designed for those addicts who have failed all other treatment options .
But it is not without its critics .
On an early morning in the heroin clinic , addicts line up for their turn to receive a syringe with a carefully measured dose of pure heroin .
They take it to a desk and either self - inject , or get a staff member to help .
Amongst the regulars is Jason .
He still hopes to kick the habit , but says until then it is a whole lot better than his old life on the streets .
" Before I was on the program I was totally down to the floor .
I was around not even 60 kilos , " he said .
" I lost my job , I lost my apartment ; I looked like shit .
" And then when I came here I was able to work again , I gained quite a lot of weight since then also and then I can be back to life .
" [ If I did n't have this program ] I would probably be dead . "
Dr Christoph Buerki runs the Berne clinic .
He has around 200 clients and says the program is good for addicts and for society .
" Once a patient enters our treatment he would very much to a large degree - and the statistics have proven that - would reduce his illegal activities , " he said .
" So that 's one very , very important point also for society . "
Dr Buerki denies criticism that the program is just feeding the addiction and not actually controlling it .
" They come here from the heroin , but once you have them in treatment , you start working with them , " he said .
" There 's a whole lot of treatment involved in it . "
Despite the referendum approving of this program by a two - thirds majority , it is not without its critics , like Sabine Geissbuhler from Parents Against Drugs .
She argues the system just feeds a habit rather than looking for a cure .
" I think it 's very bad because there is no goal to make them free of drugs because you can't get free from a drug if you give it , " she said .
Whatever side of the argument you are on , no - one would want a return to the early 90s , where public parks in the major cities were turned into drugs bazaars .
Evelyn is a long - term user who is still on the program .
She returns to the Berne park where she used to buy her drugs .
It looks very different and a metre of topsoil has to be removed because used needles had contaminated the soil .
The ABC's Foreign Correspondent first met Evelyn 12 years ago when she had joined the heroin trial to escape a life of degradation .
" [ I was ] begging in the streets for instance or even prostitution .
I did n't do that very much , but [ I did it and ]
I hate myself for this , " she told the program .
But she says these days life is better .
" I 'm still on heroin , but I do n't drink anymore , I do n't run after the drugs , I do n't have to lie to anybody anymore , " she said .
Detractors say the fact she is still an addict after all these years is evidence the program has failed .
But she says the fact she is alive and living a productive life without resorting to crime is clear evidence of its success .
Either way , conservative Switzerland opted for a radical solution , one some say could work equally well in places like Australia .
Thousands of Iranian police today used batons and teargas to disperse demonstrators chanting anti-government slogans in the latest street confrontation between the government and the opposition .
In the largest protests in months , university students held rallies at campuses across the country to show that the reform movement was still alive despite a fierce crackdown on dissent after the disputed presidential election in June .
The authorities shut down the mobile phone network in the centre of Tehran to stop opposition protesters from contacting each other , the reformist website Rah-e Sabz said .
At least two women supporters of the opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi were among those arrested , the site said .
Clashes erupted as thousands of protesters massed in the streets outside Tehran in support of the students .
As the crowd chanted " Death to the dictator , " riot police fired teargas and Basij militiamen charged the crowds , according to witnesses .
The plainclothes Basijis beat protesters on the head and shoulders as the crowd scattered , then regrouped on nearby street corners .
Protesters and Basijis pelted each other with stones .
" I saw at least 10 people being arrested and taken to minibuses , " one witness said .
Footage posted on YouTube purported to show thousands protesting inside Tehran University , chanting " Death to the dictator " and slogans against the Basij , but there was no sign of riot police .
The authenticity of the footage could not immediately be confirmed .
The clashes came as Iran commemorated the killing of three students in 1953 under the former shah .
Security forces put on a show of strength to prevent the opposition from taking over the main state rally .
The large security operation showed the authorities planned to make good on their promise to deal harshly with protesters .
In recent years , students have used the occasion to hold pro-reform demonstrations .
" Police are using batons to disperse demonstrators .
People are chanting anti-government slogans in the Ferdowsi Square , " a witness told Reuters .
Other witnesses said police were conducting ID checks on anyone entering the Tehran University campus , to block opposition activists from joining the students .
Security forces also sought to conceal the campus from public view , covering the main gate and the fence with banners carrying quotations by the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , and congratulatory messages marking an important Shia occasion celebrated yesterday .
" There are hundreds of riot police , everywhere around Tehran University and nearby streets , " a witness said .
Many shops and businesses outside the university were closed but the rest of Tehran appeared to be functioning normally .
Foreign media were banned from covering the protests .
The culture ministry told them press cards would be suspended for three days starting today .
Last night , government opponents climbed on to rooftops and shouted " Allahu Akbar " and " Death to the dictator " .
Internet access was restricted to deny the opposition a vital means of mobilising supporters .
The authorities have arrested more than 100 student leaders in past weeks , looking to blunt today 's protests .
On Saturday , police detained 15 women from the Committee of Mourning Mothers , consisting of relatives of protesters who have been killed in the post-election crackdown .
The women were arrested at a Tehran park where they have held weekly protests for months , the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran said .
. Mousavi threw his support behind the planned student demonstrations and declared that his movement was still alive .
A statement posted on his website said that the clerical establishment could not silence students and was losing legitimacy in the Iranian people 's minds .
" A great nation would not stay silent when some confiscate its vote , " said Mousavi , who claims President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad stole the 12 June election victory from him .
Khamenei , who has the final say on all state matters , accused the opposition yesterday of exposing divisions in the country and creating opportunities for Iran 's enemies .
Issue # 9 , 8/24/2006
A Meditation on Breasts
What Are They Good For ?
By Glenn Campbell
Family Court Philosopher
This question occurs to me as I am sitting in the courtroom of Judge Voy on the Wednesday afternoon Juvenile Sex Offenses ( JSO ) calendar .
Some of these crimes involve " groping " , where a young man deliberately touches the breasts of an attractive young lady without her permission .
The technical charge is " Open and Gross Lewdness . "
Nevada statute does not define what kind of touching is " lewd " ; instead the nature of the crime is defined in case law .
Touching the vagina could be lewd , but touching , say , the arms is not .
I have not looked up the case law , but I assume that touching of the breasts , buttocks or groin could be a sex crime , while touching any other part of the female anatomy is , at worst , a simple battery .
Why is touching the breasts considered lewd ?
I am asking this from a näive and alien perspective .
In an anatomical analysis , breasts are little more than localized fat deposits .
They do n't play any direct role in reproduction , apart from suckling the young .
Why is touching this fat so offensive ?
Furthermore , why is this fat such a focus of attention ?
Young men want to touch it , while young women want to dress it up and make it more prominent .
Women , it turns out , want their breasts to be touched , but only under the right circumstances .
Why all the politics ?
It is just fat .
Why is the fat even there at all ?
The logical answer is , the breasts are there to give milk to babies .
Wrong !
Think of all the mammals on earth .
Are there any others with breasts ?
All mammals have teats for suckling their young , and they become enlarged during lactation , but when the animal is not giving milk , these " breasts " shrivel away to almost nothing .
Relative to other mammals , human breasts are humongous .
They are almost all fat , with only a tiny portion being lactating tissue .
Breast size makes no difference in milk production .
Small breasted woman produce just as much milk as voluptuous ones .
So why such breasts ?
What are they good for ?
At the risk of offending the entire female race ( as well as the male race , come to think of it ) , breasts seem to me like a pain in the ass .
Barring an elaborate support system , they are always flopping around inconveniently , getting in the way and interfering in athletic activities .
For early humans , they would seem to be a distinct survival disadvantage because they can slow a runner down when , say , fleeing from a predator .
Pragmatically , they do n't seem good for anything .
So why are they there ?
I surmise that women have breasts for the same reason that casinos have big 8 - story marquee signs out front : advertizing .
Like the extravagant plumage of a peacock , which is also useless , the human female 's breasts are a mating display that happens to be permanent .
Fact : Humans are the only mammal that regularly walks upright on two legs .
Fact : Humans are the only mammal with permanent breasts .
There is a connection between the two .
The female 's job in the evolutionary mating game is to advertize her fertility .
That is the reason for breasts .
They put the message right out in front , almost at eye level .
Breasts send two subliminal messages to the slobbering male : ( 1 ) Lookie here , I am sexually mature and ready to mate , and ( 2 ) Lookie here , I have the fat reserves to produce offspring .
The male has built - in emotional responses to these messages , which could be approximately transcribed as ....
Zowie !
Hubba - hubba !
Va-Va-Va-Voom !
I have always had great difficulty describing these responses to females I know .
They see their breasts as merely sensuous , while the male reaction is much more earthy .
There is n't necessarily an erection or any sensation in the groin , but there is an instant and instinctual attraction that is obviously hard - wired , not learned .
Passing a shapely young lass with breasts half exposed , ones eyes are instantly drawn to the chest .
Believe me , if there were n't societal restrictions against it , the hands would be drawn there , too .
But why ?
Touching breasts does n't produce any offspring or an orgasm .
In itself it does n't provide any reward to the male — apart from a slap across the face and maybe a JSO charge .
I can report from my own investigations that breasts are indeed soft and flabby and not as firm and plump as visually advertized .
In fact , there is a great deal of false advertizing in this field .
Beyond the prime teenage years ( the traditional time of mating ) , most naked breasts are droopy and floppy — a finding I have confirmed by intensive clinical study at the topless beaches of France .
Most real - world specimens are more like those seen in National Geographic rather than Playboy , and I realize now that toplessness is banned in most places for a reason .
Modern brassiere technology allows more women to achieve the perfect form by plumping the breasts and pushing them skyward , and men seem to fall for it .
By the time the true naked form is revealed , it is already too late : mating has progressed to a point of no return and will almost certainly be consummated .
Like the big signs in front of casinos , breasts are pure neon .
They do n't provide any service to either the buyer or the seller except to initiate the transaction .
They are ornamental plumage .
The human preoccupation with breasts seems rather silly to me , but it is very serious to young people .
Compelling cleavage can easily draw a young man to his doom , while a young woman can just as easily fall prey to the display of her cleavage for profit ( monetary or social ) .
A woman who is unfortunate enough to be genetically gorgeous is tempted to rely on her body for an illusion of self - worth — instead of pursuing , say , ability or accomplishment .
One disadvantage of toplessness is not so much that it is illegal but that it takes away a woman 's control over her sexual identity .
If ones boobage is restrained , the relative magnetism of it can be turned on and off through the judicious use of attire .
If one is naked , one loses this discretion and , paradoxically , one also loses a great deal of ones sexual attractiveness .
In this reporter 's opinion , naked women are NOT as sexually appealing as provocatively dressed ones , where the tease is the thing .
In the absence of Playboy - style lighting and staging , it quickly becomes clear that fat is just fat .
For the most part , women who often dress provocatively are masking low self - esteem .
They are saying , " You see these melons here ?
They are who I am . "
The trouble is , the melons are eventually going to ripen and go soft .
They 'll draw in a man , but not necessarily the right one .
They wo n't provide lasting self - esteem any more than make - up does .
They are mainly a distraction , and sometimes a tragic one .
By providing a crutch that some women can use to gain attention , they may inhibit emotional development .
Personally , I am in favor of a national breast reduction program where we feed hormones to young girls to assure that they develop only small " athletic " breasts that do n't trigger the " Va - Va - Va - Voom " factor .
Every flat - chested girl longs to be well - endowed , but flat - chestedness also encourages the pursuit of non-sexual avenues to self - esteem .
People tend to inhabit the roles that their bodies imply .
Being given the body of a vixen tends to turn a woman into one , to the detriment of other roles .
The body of a librarian may be more beneficial to society .
I would also consider supporting a national breast inspection program , which has a certain theoretical appeal to any red- blooded male .
Given my disappointing experiences in France , however , I think I 'll pass on applying for the job .
Also see : A Personal Breast Revelation
Links
Wikipedia entry on breasts
A Photo Gallery of Breast Variations , with commentary by their owners .
( This site is militant in insisting that breasts are not sexual objects . )
A book called The Handicap Principle describes the ostentatious waste of resources as an essential element of human evolution , since it signals to a potential mate that the individual is strong enough to afford the handicap .
Thus , large breasts and the obvious burden to their owner could be a way to advertize the owner 's relative robustness .
( By the same token , a male who wastes resources on an extravagant car my be expressing the same impulse . ) [ 3/13/07 ]
Reader Comments
“ Women who do n't wear a bra are much less likely to get breast cancer .
I think human females have permanant breasts so that , as upright mammals , the weight and jiggle of the breasts can keep lymph and milk ducts flowing , cleansed and healthy .
See more at HealthWaveInstitute.com under Free Articles ” — Sharon Porter , SEP , RCST , RPP , practitioner trainer in Los Angeles CA .
HealthWaveInstitute.com
11/9/07 ( rating=3 )
“ so what if da women use their breast for attraction ?
it foesnt matter .
if ur girls have tiny boobs , den its hard 4 dem to attract men ............ ” — 4/14/08 ( rating=0 )
“ USA ” — kmozxpziel 1/25/11 ( rating=2 )
Ratings so far : 4 3 3 0 4 4 3 3 3 2 ( Average=2.9 )
©2005 -07 , Glenn Campbell
This is an independent and unofficial website .
All opinions expressed are those of the webmaster or the person quoted .
Information conveyed here is accurate to the best of our knowledge but is not guaranteed .
You should seek your own independent verification of critical information .
As of Aug. 2008 , this site is no longer active or maintained .
Total page hits at FamilyCourtChronicles.com :
Page Created : 8/24/06
- video encodings still in process -
He basicly extrapolates on Abe Lincoln 's prediction .
" I see in the near future a crisis approaching that unnerves me and causes me to tremble for the safety of my country .
As a result of the war , corporations have been enthroned and an era of corruption in high places will follow , and the money power of the country will endeavor to prolong its reign by working upon the prejudices of the people until all wealth is aggregated in a few hands and the Republic is destroyed . " - Abraham Lincoln to ( Col. ) William F. Elkins , Nov. 21 , 1864 .
Parteienzulassung in Deutschland OSZE - Beobachter fordern Wahlrechtsreform
Reformbedürftig - so lautet das Urteil eines OSZE - Berichts über das deutsche Wahlrecht , der dem SPIEGEL vorliegt .
Die Beobachter bemängelten vor allem den Prozess , in dem Parteien die Zulassung verweigert wird .
Es gebe keine klaren Kriterien , dafür aber Interessenkonflikte .
Well , here we go again .
Apple might have stolen all the headlines yesterday with the iPad , but as we 've already noted , that name has been in dispute since September -- and it does n't look like Fujitsu , which has been selling its own iPad since 2002 , is going to back down .
" It 's our understanding that the name is ours , " Fujitsu PR director Masahiro Yamane told the .
Maybe , but it 's not quite that simple .
Here 's the deal : Fujitsu applied for the " iPad " mark in 2003 , specifically covering handheld devices used in retail .
( The Fujitsu iPad is a $ 2,000 Windows CE point - of - sale device . )
Along the way , the application got bogged down because a company called Mag - Tek had already registered IPAD for its line of PIN - entry keypads , and Fujitsu 's application was listed as " abandoned " in April of 2009 .
The notice of abandonment apparently woke someone at Fujitsu up , because the company then asked the Trademark Office to re-open the application , arguing that Mag - Tek 's IPAD had nothing to do with the Fujitsu iPad .
The USPTO agreed , re-opened the application , and the process continued until September , when the iPad application was published so other trademark holders could oppose registration .
That 's when Apple signaled that it was n't so happy about things -- and filed its own " iPad " trademark application using a shell company called " IP Application Development .
" Phew -- still with us ?
That leaves us at now , with Mag - Tek selling the IPAD under a valid , registered trademark , Fujitsu selling an iPad with a pending trademark application , and Apple sucking all the air out of the room with the launch of the iPad and no US trademark at all .
We 'll be honest : we 'd always simply discounted rumors Apple would call it the iPad , because this is kind of a mess .
Apple can't just take " iPad " from Fujitsu because it really wants the name -- it 's likely going to have to argue that " iPad " is confusingly similar to " iPod , " while still trying to register " iPad " on its own and telling the Trademark Office that it wo n't be confusing to people looking for the Mag - Tek device , or the Siemens " iPad " motor trademark , or potentially even Coconut Grove 's trademarked iPad bras .
Of course , all these problems can be solved with the direct application of cash and some nice ambient media attention , so it 's likely we 'll see some friendly joint PR from Apple and Fujitsu along with an agreement to share the name sometime before Apple 's formal opposition is due on February 28 .
That 's pretty much what happened when Apple bit the " iPhone " name from Cisco , anyway .
But still -- why can't Apple ever learn to have these conversations ahead of time ?
Someone recently paid $ 35,000 at auction for an emerald - green silk gown .
It ’s backless and a diminutive size 2 , so we know that the stiletto - high price was n’t pegged to the amount of fabric that went into its making .
This striking piece , worn by Keira Knightley in the film " Atonement , ” is already regarded in some quarters as on its way to becoming one of the iconic dresses in film history .
Someday it could be right up there with the little black dress worn by Audrey Hepburn in “ Breakfast at Tiffany ’s ” and Marilyn Monroe ’s fabled white number blown heavenward in “ The Seven Year Itch . ”
So , what ’s going on here ?
What is it about these garments that squeezes a giggle out of every woman who stands on a subway grate in a skirt or , wearing a simple black shift , admires her reflection in a Tiffany shop window , or yes , shells out $ 35 K for -- admit it -- a frock ?
Does a dress , whether worn by Audrey or Marilyn or Keira -- posed languorously like a mere wisp in moonlight -- really have that kind of mesmeric power ?
Yes , it can .
One can imagine the new owner of that emerald - green acquisition taking delivery from the auction house where the winning bid was cast .
The backless size 2 arrives carefully couriered and packaged in bubble wrap .
Does the new owner tear open the box and throw on her new purchase , imagining herself a star ?
Or does she carefully separate each delicate piece of tissue -- wearing white felt gloves -- scrutinize it for a minute , then have it sealed away so it might forever remain exactly as was on Keira Knightley ’s oh - so - cinematic body ?
Ironically , the costume designer , Jacqueline Durran , still possesses several copies , making the dress decidedly not one - of - a- kind .
But to have one of even a few still means having one , and that suffices does n’t it ?
I mean , surely that ’s worth $ 35,000 , no ?
Some could wonder how this apparently extravagant expenditure is much different than the magisterial sum paid for the Diet Coke can Sienna Miller casually threw away that was salvaged , unbeknownst to her , by some cagey , detritus - obsessed entrepreneur .
Said can went up for bid for 10,000 pounds -- roughly $ 16,700 in American dollars .
And it sold .
Or Britney Spears ’ used chewing gum placed on EBay for $ 460 .
Yes , it sold too .
The difference -- besides the fact that Knightley ’s dress appeared in a classy charity auction sponsored by Clothes Off Our Back -- may be that it is part of film history , not some piece of random garbage .
And many of “ Atonement ’s ” female viewers swooned as much for the dress as for leading man James McAvoy .
But the gown would n’t be worth a sliver of its hammer price had it not been moistened by milady ’s sweat or tears ; sort of like saliva on a soda can or a stick of chewing gum .
We all understand , of course , the obsession with celebrity culture .
In the ‘ 80s , kids would faint when Michael Jackson touched their heads with the electrically charged jolt of some evangelical healer .
But as time progresses and the career arcs of these icons begin their inevitable descent , as they become hosts of reality shows and just , well , more human , will a dress worn once - upon - a- time really be worth $ 35,000 ?
At the end of the day , Keira Knightley is simply a 24 - year - old girl from London with a nice face and a lovely disposition who likes fish and chips and can play a character flawlessly .
You certainly would n’t pay much for a gown , no matter how beautiful , from your neighbor across the street .
Keira Knightley , Sienna Miller , Britney Spears , Marilyn Monroe and , yes , even the lustrous Audrey Hepburn are all “ neighbors across the street . ”
They just drive nicer cars and they can afford that Sub - Zero refrigerator you always wanted .
And they do get to wear wonderful clothes .
image@latimes.com
Because she attends Catholic mass every Sunday and observes all the religious holidays of her faith , Angela Bowman may well exemplify the Latin root of the word “ religion , ” which is “ to bind . ”
But the Chicagoan also meditates several times each day and practices yoga every other week .
She knows Catholicism , Hinduism , and Buddhism have contradictory elements but is unfazed by her multiple observances because , to her , “ it ’s all pretty much the same thing . ”
“ The biggest part of praying is opening yourself up to a connection with God , and I perceive clearing your mind in meditation as another form of receptivity , ” says the 30 - something textbook editor .
Although she is a devoted Roman Catholic , she says she does n’t “ believe it ’s the one true path and anything else is flirting with the devil . ”
Ms. Bowman ’s attitude tracks with those in a study released last month , which found that large numbers of America ’s faithful do not neatly conform to the expectations or beliefs of their prescribed religions , but instead freely borrow principles of Eastern religions or endorse common supernatural beliefs .
The intermingling of faiths is not new , but some Christian leaders worry that its apparent increase in America distracts worshipers from the true path and dilutes Christian doctrine .
But others say mixing and matching elements of different faiths is inevitable , given exposure to other parts of the world made possible by today ’s technology , and actually creates more opportunities to address people ’s yearning for spiritual growth .
If the global marketplace divvies up the production , distribution , and marketing of goods among different continents , they say , why should n’t religions be shared the same way ?
Among the findings of the survey , by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life :
• Almost 1 in 4 American adults say they sometimes attend religious services of a faith different from their own .
• Twenty - four percent of the public say they believe in reincarnation , and 23 percent believe in yoga as a spiritual practice .
• Twenty - five percent of the overall public ( and 23 percent of Christians ) believe in astrology .
• Fifteen percent of the public acknowledges having consulted a psychic or a fortuneteller .
The results refute the notion that faith in the United States is monochromic and instead show religious practice to be as diverse as the number of faiths in society , says Greg Smith , senior researcher with the project .
The data reveal “ a remarkable openness ” among followers , many of whom participate in rituals or practices that contradict their professed faith , he says .
“ There are lots of people who are Christians , who may be Protestant or may be Catholic and who may be quite committed to their practice , but who nevertheless have practiced ... tenets of experience that tend to come [ from ] outside of Christianity , ” says Mr. Smith .
Religion scholars say the cafeteria - style picking and choosing of philosophies dates back centuries .
What ’s notable about this current surge is the ease with which seekers can learn about other religious traditions , courtesy of the Internet and widespread mobility , says Richard Rosengarten , dean of the University of Chicago Divinity School .
“ People have access to a tremendous range of information about a tremendous range of religions , ” he says .
Although “ the search for the divine is authentically religious and is always honored , ” he says , rampant straying from a particular dogma can be threatening to church leaders who feel a responsibility to keep their community of worshipers intact .
The challenge at the top , says Dr. Rosengarten , is to figure out how “ best to encourage the widest possible range of expression of that search while maintaining the identity and truth of that tradition . ”
Other church leaders are less interested in encouraging outside exploration , including Pope Benedict XVI , who in 1989 , as Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger , warned in a statement that the practice of yoga among Catholics can “ degenerate into a cult of the body . ”
He also warned Catholics not to mistake yoga ’s “ pleasing sensations ” for “ spiritual well - being . ”
Such statements point to a desire by some church leaders to keep the flock ’s experimentation to a minimum .
Eastern religions gained US adherents in the 1960s , when a generation of Christians discovered alternatives to the “ highly rational ” traditions they were brought up with – and perceived them as better equipped to address the civil , racial , and sexual upheaval of that time , says Irwin Kula of The National Jewish Center for Learning and Leadership , in New York .
Hinduism , Buddhism , and other non-Western religions addressed “ the yearning for transcendence ” that nonmystical religions did not , he says .
That shift forced religious leaders to face up to the fact that , for young people especially , traditional religious institutions were perceived as too authoritarian and as lacking relevance , says Rabbi Kula .
“ A lot of these religions are run like General Motors , ” he says .
“ It ’s a leadership challenge . ”
But wo n’t a seeker traveling so many religious paths in fact get nowhere ?
“ The only way to become a true believer is to follow one faith , ” concurs Kula .
But the realization that “ some people have a psychological disposition to taste more foods ” can be an opportunity for leaders of religious institutions to engage with many more individuals .
Others , though , argue that religious purity is a non sequitur .
“ The thing that is forgotten in these discussions is that any single religious tradition is itself already a composite , ” says Harvey Cox , a professor at the Harvard Divinity School whose 1965 book , “ The Secular City , ” is considered a theology classic .
He considers the idea of isolated religious traditions to be “ a big myth . ”
“ What we have are streams that have been fed by other streams and have fed other streams all along , ” he says .
“ Even what is advertised by clerical leaders as the kind of ‘ pure package ’ is already the result of the collage . ”
Meditation is what Matthew Goodemote , founder of a wellness center in Gloversville , N.Y. , says gave him answers that his upbringing in a strict Presbyterian household could not .
“ It became a gigantic , transforming thing in my life , ” says Mr. Goodemote , allowing him the humility to “ try to do God ’s will over your own . ”
Anxiety after his grandmother ’s death caused him to start looking outside his religion , Goodemote says .
She had been the spiritual rock in his family , but he felt his religion could not explain why a drunken driver could end her life – a death he saw as meaningless .
Reading authors such as mythologist Joseph Campbell , Christian writer Karen Armstrong , and New Age writer Eckhart Tolle helped him connect , he says , to a model of Christ that he sees as more inclusive of people outside Presbyterianism .
“ We believe in God ’s omnipresence , which means
He is everywhere ....
So how can you say one person is not in God ’s favor ? ” he asks .
While bestselling authors such as Mr. Tolle and Deepak Chopra are to be commended for speaking to the contemporary hunger to connect different faiths , they have yet to establish the staying power of their teachings , says the University of Chicago ’s Rosengarten .
Throughout history , that happens when communities are formed – by religious institutions .
“ To perpetuate [ spiritual teachings ] , you have to establish a community around it , and that is the complicated thing , ” he says .
“ At the end of the day , to be part of a religious community means you punch the clock on a regular basis . …
I do n’t think they ’ve created the community in the same way that mainline Protestants have . ”
Some Roman Catholic leaders say their followers do not need to look outside the church to find what they ’re looking for .
“ A lot of young adults who are attracted to the beauty of meditation techniques are very unaware of the contemplative and mystical tradition of their own faith , ” says the Rev. Donald Senior , president of the Catholic Theological Union in Chicago .
Father Senior says the church respects other teachings but gets concerned if followers engage with other religions “ from an empty chair . ”
“ You have to be rooted in your own tradition to be able to properly engage with other religions , ” he says .
“ If it ’s strong , then sure , someone can practice yoga as a form of exercise and not buy what may be part of another religious system , which may not be evil but is not in line with their own faith tradition . ”
If people are straying from the church , he says , it ’s the church ’s fault for not doing a “ better job . ”
“ There ’s a lot to be done to make worship more vibrant and to make the preaching more relevant for people , ” he says .
“ Religion is not just ideas , it ’s the bonds of community , and if you get so [ insular ] that you do n’t hold people , you have a problem . ”
That ’s why Kula interprets the Pew survey as an opportunity for religious leaders to stop being “ in the fear mode ” and to take a hard look at whether their practices give people the spiritual wisdom they need in their lives .
“ My job is not to preserve something , ” he says .
“ My job is to make sure something works and is actually worthy of being preserved . ”
---
Follow us on Twitter
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Wednesday and Thursday of this week are big days if you live in Arlington , Virginia , or Chicago , Illinois .
Those are the two days of public hearings on the Environmental Protection Agency ’s ( EPA ) “ Big Polluters ” rule .
But of course , this whole issue is huge whether you live in Virginia , Illinois , or anywhere else in the U.S. – it affects everyone .
Right now only a handful of pollution sources , including coal - fired power plants , are responsible for more than half of all of the global warming pollution in the United States .
Cleaning these up is a large step towards stopping global warming , so EPA is proposing a new rule to start cleaning up these Big Polluters under the Clean Air Act .
By targeting the worst offenders , the Big Polluters rule is an important step that will cut global warming pollution while still helping our economy grow .
That ’s why we ’ve helped organize crowds of folks to turn out to the Wednesday and Thursday hearings :
These mega - polluters should be held responsible for their share .
( You can also check in on the hearings by following the #bigpolluters hashtag on twitter .
We ’ll have lots of folks tweeting from inside the hearing rooms )
This rule will bring the most bang for the buck — resulting in real pollution reductions and helping spur growth and development of clean energy technologies .
And forget the nay - sayers spreading false information about the government trying to regulate churches , hospitals , schools and Dunkin Donuts ( why do they always bring up Dunkin Donuts ? ) :
The rule would only apply to offenders emitting at least 25,000 tons of greenhouse gases each year , exempting small businesses , churches and apartment buildings , while addressing the bulk of the nation ’s global warming pollution .
Under the Big Polluters rule , big new facilities that would create large amounts of global warming pollution — like new coal plants — would have to install technology to clean up their carbon emissions .
These safeguards would also be required for large existing facilities when they are expanded or modified .
Again , this proposed EPA rule uses the time - tested Clean Air Act , which has already succeeded at cleaning up other sorts of pollution all over the country , to help control global warming pollution .
To provide a little more detail about EPA ’s proposal : The Clean Air Act requires all new ‘ major emitting facilities ’ – big sources – to use the ‘ best available control technology ’ to limit their emissions .
Existing polluters that make big physical changes to their plants and increase their emissions in the process have to update their controls to meet this standard , too .
This best available control technology requirement has been used for decades to reduce many other types of air pollution .
EPA must consider the “ energy , environmental , and economic impacts ” before deciding on the right controls for any particular plant .
There are a number of simple , proven methods for controlling global warming pollution , including using energy more efficiently , replacing old equipment , or burning cleaner fuels .
The sources that EPA will focus on under this rule already have decades of experience with this process .
Having used best available control technology to reduce many other types of pollution , they have the engineering expertise to work with EPA and community groups to select appropriate , cost - effective controls .
Global warming pollution controls will also reduce emissions of other pollutants , including those that cause smog , heart attacks , and lung disease .
By focusing on these big sources , EPA is spending its resources wisely .
Although global warming pollution comes from many places , EPA can cut down on the lion ’s share by taking on the largest sources first .
The Big Polluters Rule marks one of EPA ’s most important commitments yet to moving us towards a clean energy economy and away from dirty power sources like coal .
If you ca n’t make it in person to the hearings Wednesday and Thursday , you can still send in your comments to EPA on this important rule – simply use our Big Polluters website :
And do n’t forget to follow along with the #bigpolluters hashtag on Twitter for tweets from inside the hearing .
For a recap of how these hearings went , be sure to check in on my colleague Greg Haegele ’s column later this week for photos and a wrap - up .
Was mysterious jellyfish in sky caused by space satellite reflecting Northern Lights ?
A strange jellyfish - shaped object spotted hanging in the sky over Norway , may have been caused by light from the aurora being bounced off a space satellite , experts say .
If proven it will be the first known case of a satellite reflecting the Northern Lights .
The mysterious phenomenon was photographed last week by amateur photographer Per - Arne Milkalsen over Andenesm , Norway .
Mr Mikalsen captured this strange phenomenon he described as a ' parachute ' when taking pictures of the vivid Aurora over Andenes , Norway
The photographer became fascinated with aurorae after working at a rocket launch site in the far north of Norway for 25 years .
The northern lights are often visible here because it is so close to the North Pole .
Aurorae are caused by the interaction of the solar wind with Earth 's magnetic field and so are particularly prevalent at the poles where the magnetic forces are strongest .
Mr Mikalsen told the Mail Online : ' I have never seen an object like this before , and I am eager to find an explanation to the phenomenon . '
Mr Mikalsen said he was keen to find out what caused the phenomenon in the top right of his picture
The photographer first assumed the odd optical effect was a spot on his camera lens .
But after he posted his photographs on Spaceweather .com he was inundated with emails from interested experts from around the world .
Lead scientist Truls Lynn Hansen from Tromsø Geophysical Observatory said he doubted the picture , taken on January 20 , was due to a simple camera fault .
He told the Mail Online : ' The " phenomenon " has the same greenish colour as the Northern Lights .
That means the Northern Lights is the source of light causing the strange phenomenon . '
However , Mr Hansen said it was unlikely the Northern Lights could create the optical effect on its own .
Instead the aurora might be bouncing off an external source like a satellite or an airplane .
In this way it would act like an ' iridium flare . '
The flares are created by sunlight reflecting off iridium satellites .
They appear as bright white flashes in the sky .
One problem with Mr Hansen 's theory is that the light intensity from the Northern Lights is 100,000 times weaker than the sunlight .
But Mr Hansen said this did not exclude the satellite reflection hypothesis .
' The intensity of an intense aurora is not far from the intensity of moonlight , ' he said .
' And the ( jellyfish ) phenomenon is also quite weak .
Apparently many orders of magnitude down compared to the solar iridium flares . '
Pal Brekke , senior adviser , at the Norwegian Space Centre , told the Mail Online : ' A reflection from streetlight would be the most straightforward explanation .
' But why is it green ?
One should think it would be white or yellow if it was a reflection from the streetlight .
' So while I am not yet fully convinced it was a satellite - one cannot rule this out . '
Iridium satellites have three main antennas .
When at a certain angle the Sun 's reflection from one such antenna produces a small spot on the surface of the Earth around 6.25 miles in diameter .
This moves as the satellite and the Earth move .
Someone within this area on Earth can observe iridium flares or flashes in the sky
The Aurora Borealis or ' Northern Lights ' as seen by the International Space Station .
Some experts believe the aurora can be reflected off satellites like an iridium flare
Google 's China staff fear they may lose their jobs China has said that foreign internet firms are welcome to do business there " according to the law " .
The statement , from Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu , is Beijing 's first response to Google 's threat to stop filtering content in China .
Google said cyber- attacks originating in China aimed at rights activists , and increased web censorship , might force it to end its China operations .
Ms Jiang insisted the internet was " open " in China .
Google announced late on Tuesday that it was no longer willing to censor its Chinese search engine - google.cn .
China 's internet is open and the Chinese government encourages development of the internet
Jiang Yu , Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman
Read the official Google blog Chinese surprise at Google threat China attack on Google ' routine ' Google v China :
Your comments
The search engine said it would hold talks with the government in the coming weeks to look at operating an unfiltered search engine within the law in the country , though no changes to filtering have yet been made .
' Holding statement '
At a regular foreign ministry news briefing , Ms Jiang said : " China like other countries administers the internet according to law .
" China 's internet is open , and the Chinese government encourages development of the internet . "
She was responding to a reporter 's question on Google and US concerns about the business environment in China in light of Google 's reported cyber - attacks .
" Chinese law proscribes any form of hacking activity , " she said .
ANALYSIS Chris Hogg , BBC News Shanghai
The foreign ministry spokeswoman was asked seven times about Google at her regular briefing .
Her response was entirely predictable .
A more revealing answer came Thursday from Wang Chen , a minister at the State Council who insisted that " properly guiding internet opinion is a major measure for protecting internet information security " .
He did not mention Google by name , but he did complain that online pornography , fraud and " rumours " were a menace .
As analysts here have noted , China has seen explosive internet growth in recent years , and China is making clear it does not intend to give up the control it exerts over cyberspace .
When Google launched google.cn in 2006 , it agreed to censor some search results - such as the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests , Tibetan independence or Falun Gong - as required by the Chinese government .
The BBC's Chris Hogg in Shanghai says Ms Jiang 's comments sound like a holding statement , until officials can have talks with Google .
Google currently holds about one - third of the Chinese search market , far behind Chinese rival Baidu , which has more than 60 % .
China has more internet users - about 350 million - than any other country and provides a lucrative search engine market worth an estimated $ 1bn ( £ 614 m ) last year .
It is difficult to see how the situation can be resolved , our correspondent says , with Google potentially losing its market share and the government reluctant to give up its right to control the internet .
' Do n't be evil '
In a blog posted late on Tuesday , Google 's chief legal officer David Drummond announced " A new approach to China " .
He said the accounts of dozens of US , China and Europe - based users of its Gmail service who are advocates of human rights in China had been " routinely accessed by third parties " .
At least 20 other large companies from a wide range of businesses were similarly targeted , it added .
HAVE YOUR SAY Google 's threat to withdraw from China is derisory and hypocritical Paul Jordan , Liverpool Google 's decision to concede to China 's demands on censorship in 2006 led to accusations it had betrayed its company motto - " do n't be evil " - but Google argued it would be more damaging for civil liberties if it pulled out of China entirely .
Google 's stance has drawn mixed reaction from China 's internet community .
Some have applauded what they see as a bold stand against the country 's internet guardians while others expressed fears they would lose a valued source of news , despite it being censored .
Others saw the Google statement as a Chinese victory , saying that Google 's withdrawal from the country would be no great loss , with Baidu providing almost all the same services as google .cn .
The state - run China Daily described Google 's statement as designed to put pressure on the Chinese government .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Le ciel , s'il est parfois décrit comme le plus bel endroit de la terre , n'en est pas pour autant le plus sûr .
Mardi , cinq clients de la compagnie Air France ont pu méditer cette morale acide après avoir été détroussés de leurs liquidités à bord d'un vol Tokyo - Paris .
Le pickpocket , qui n'a pu être identifié avant l'atterrissage , aurait exclusivement ciblé des passagers de la classe affaires .
Selon les premiers éléments de l'enquête , il aurait profité de leur sommeil pour rafler près de 4 000 euros au nez du personnel navigant .
« Sur ce vol , qui décolle de Tokyo - Narita vers 22 heures , il est fréquent que les passagers s'endorment profondément pour ne se réveiller que peu avant l'arrivée à Paris , vers 4 heures du matin » , raconte l'une des victimes , qui précise que de nombreux sacs à main avaient été laissés sur les sièges vacants .
En ouvrant les yeux , l'un des voyageurs aurait donné l'alerte alors que le Boeing 777 s'apprêtait à entrer dans l'espace aérien français .
« Cette dame a appelé le personnel pour signaler que tout son argent liquide contenu dans son sac à main avait été dérobé , complète sa voisine de cabine .
En comptant les francs suisses , les euros et les yens , il y en avait apparemment pour 3 000 euros . »
En tout , cinq passagers auraient ainsi été détroussés alors qu'ils dormaient à poings fermés .
Un événement « rarissime »
« Ce qui est irritant , c'est d'imaginer que ce voleur a pu agir sans que le personnel de bord ne s'aperçoive de rien , peste un passager .
Lorsqu'on voyage en classe affaires , on paie tout de même suffisamment cher pour espérer que l'équipage veille sur nous .
Ou bien alors , il faut que la compagnie diffuse en début de vol une annonce invitant les voyageurs à la vigilance , un peu comme cela se fait dans le métro parisien ? »
Volant à encore plus de 10 000 pieds au - dessus du sol , le commandant de bord a demandé sans attendre à la police de l'air et des frontières ( PAF ) de se préparer à intervenir .
Dès son arrivée au terminal 2E , l'aéronef a donc reçu la visite de plusieurs fonctionnaires qui se sont livrés à un interrogatoire détaillé des cinq victimes , ainsi qu'à un examen sommaire des lieux .
« Au bout d'une demi- heure à bord , ils ont cependant dû se résoudre à laisser les passagers débarquer » , relate un témoin .
Seules les cinq victimes ont été priées de se rendre dans les locaux de la PAF , où leurs plaintes ont été recueillies .
Informée de cet incident mardi après-midi , la direction d'Air France n'a pas souhaité le commenter , se bornant à préciser que les vols commis en cabine constituent des événements « rarissimes » .
« D'une façon générale , il convient de rappeler que seul le passager est responsable de ses biens et effets personnels lorsqu'ils sont rangés en cabine , précise un porte - parole de la compagnie .
Seuls les bagages de soute sont placés sous notre responsabilité ? »
I ’ve recently become ridiculously addicted to Borderlands .
Despite its poor PC connectivity , I , like many , discovered the cute work - around using Game Ranger and have been enjoying it thoroughly ever since .
My Borderlands partner and I have been looking to get some extra legs out of our Diablo - with - guns secret passion .
Currently we ’re working on our second playthrough .
So far , we ’re enjoying it more than our first romp through Pandora .
The increasingly difficult spawns are a welcome change to the otherwise stroll through the park of our first run .
The Zombie Island of Dr. Ned was a fantastic addition to vanilla Borderlands .
It added a funny story , a change of location , some great new enemies , but it did throw the balance of the main game off a bit .
Overall , it received a warm welcome from me .
Then came Mad Moxxi ’s Underdome Riot .
The heavy influence of the Mad Max movie series is clear to anyone playing Borderlands .
To most , it ’s actually a sales point .
So to add the Thunderdome seems like a no brainer .
Like Zombie Island , Moxxi ’s Underdome can only be reached by a fast travel station .
Moxxi ’s backstory is briefly given in the intro story as you port for the first time into Moxxi ’s Thunder … I mean … Underdome .
She was married a few times and as she ’s looking for the next Mr. Right , she ’s deciding to entertain herself by making people hurt one another .
Neat !
Within the Underdome , players compete for money , glory , better guns and their own heads in gladiator - like situations .
Players face round after round of enemy waves , topped off with a boss battle .
It ’s satisfying if you want a simple immediate “ kill a bunch of people ” kind of gameplay .
Moxxi does n’t add much of anything to the relatively weak story of Borderlands .
But that ’s OK !
That ’s why you play the game !
After each wave , Moxxi opens up the heavens and drops timed supply crates into the playing field and contestants scatter to pick up as much ammo and health before the next wave of horror begins .
The crates gradually get smaller and smaller until they eventually disappear before the next wave begins .
The crates are welcome as you ’ll be dumping out the ammo into enemy waves to stay alive , but they land erratically and disappear quickly , so you may go a round or two without picking any up .
Underdome continues the same beautiful art style found in Borderlands , and it mixes in some great music tracks but that ’s about all the compliments I can pay to Underdome .
For a full $ 10 , it ’s unrewarding as it adds nothing new to the story nor does it add to the exploration and survival gameplay of the Pandora wastelands .
It ’s simply an area that you pay for that lets you kill endless waves of enemies .
I almost hate to write it , but this type of gameplay should have been included right from the start of Borderlands .
If you ’re a hardcore Borderlands gamer , you ’ve probably already purchased Moxxi .
However , if you ’re relatively new to the Borderlands scene , then by all means purchase The Zombie Island of Dr. Ned .
It adds some funny moments and some great extra missions .
Unless you ’re looking for nothing more than a simple run-and - gun gladiator gameplay , then you should probably avoid Moxxi unless it becomes part of a free collectors edition .
I ’ve got something I want to share with you .
We ’ve been working with our friends at Bonnier R&D exploring the future of digital magazines .
Bonnier publish Popular Science and many other titles .
Magazines have articles you can curl up with and lose yourself in , and luscious photography that draws the eye .
And they ’re so easy and enjoyable to read .
Can we marry what ’s best about magazines with the always connected , portable tablet e-readers sure to arrive in 2010 ?
This video prototype shows the take of the Mag+ project .
You can see this same video bigger on Vimeo .
The articles run in scrolls , not pages , and are placed side - to - side in kind of mountain range ( as we call it internally ) .
Magazines still arrive in issues : people like the sense of completion at the end of each .
You flip through by shifting focus .
Tap the pictures on the left of the screen to flip through the mag , tap text on the right to dive in .
It is , we hope , like stepping into a space for quiet reading .
It ’s pleasant to have an uncluttered space .
Let the Web be the Web .
But you can heat up the words and pics to share , comment , and to dig into supplementary material .
The design has an eye to how paper magazines can re-use their editorial work without having to drastically change their workflow or add new teams .
Maybe if the form is clear enough then every mag , no matter how niche , can look gorgeous , be super easy to understand , and have a great reading experience .
We hope so .
That gets tested in the next stage , and rolled into everything learned from this , and feedback from the world at large !
Join the discussion at the Bonnier R&D Beta Lab .
Recently there have been digital magazine prototypes by Sports Illustrated , and by Wired .
It ’s fascinating to see the best features of all of these .
Many teams at Bonnier have been involved in Mag+ .
This is a synthesis of so much work , research , and ideas .
But I want to say in particular it ’s a pleasure to collaborate with our friends at R&D .
And here at BERG let me call out some specific credits : Jack Schulze , Matt Jones , Campbell Orme and Timo Arnall .
Thanks all !
( See also Bonnier R&D ’s Mag + page , where you can leave comments and contact Bonnier , and the thoughts of Kicker Studio — who will be expanding the concept to robust prototype over the next few months in San Francisco !
BERG ’s attention has now moved to the social and wider services around Mag + – we ’ll be mapping those out and concepting – and we ’re looking forward to working with all the teams into 2010 .
Awesome . )
Power is something that every fantasy is looking for .
No matter how much you think you have , you just always seem to want more .
Not only are the players on this list available after the eighteenth round , I am projecting all of them to hit at least 24 home runs in 2010 .
Let ’s take a look :
Travis Snider – Toronto Blue Jays
The power is not the question .
He hit 23 home runs between Triple - A and the Major Leagues in 2009 in just 416 AB .
He posted a HR / FB of 13.6 % at the Major League level last year , similar to his 13.3 % mark in 2008 ( in 73 AB ) .
The biggest question surrounding him is his ability to make consistent contact .
He struck out 26.9 % of the time at Triple - A , which increased to 32.4 % upon his recall .
Unless he can significantly cut down on that number , his average could consistently struggle .
Just keep that in mind before putting too much stock in him for 2010 .
He ’s a player to draft only for the power potential .
Adam LaRoche – Arizona Diamondbacks
We all know his story by now , do n’t we ?
He ’s a lights out second half player who never seems to get off to a very good start .
First let ’s look at his first half numbers for the past three years :
2007 – .239 , 13 HR & 51 RBI in 310 AB
2008 – .251 , 11 HR & 43 RBI in 311 AB
2009 – .250 , 12 HR & 39 RBI in 304 AB
Now , his second half numbers :
2007 – .312 , 8 HR & 37 RBI in 253 AB
2008 – .304 , 14 HR & 42 RBI in 181 AB
2009 – .311 , 13 HR & 44 RBI in 251 AB
We ’d all love to throw him on our bench for the first half and utilize his tremendous numbers after the All - Star Break , but that may not be an option .
The fact is that he hit 25 HR in each of the last two seasons and if you are in need of some cheap power he ’s as good of an option as there is .
If he ever could put things together for a full season , the numbers could be tremendous .
Cody Ross – Florida Marlins
Talk about a player who simply flies under the radar .
How many people consider Ross a viable option in shallower formats ?
While he ’s probably not a starter , as a bench option to round out your team , he ’s actually quite usable .
He has the potential to hit for a decent average , as he makes good enough contact ( 23.5 % strikeout rate for his career ) .
Put that together with some power upside and what is the problem ?
In 2008 he hit 22 home runs in just 461 AB , which he followed up with 24 home runs and 37 doubles in 559 AB last season .
His HR / FB in ’09 was 11.5 % , below his career mark of 14.0 % , so it should n’t be a surprise to see him take that next step forward in ’ 10 .
Throw in his 47.6 % flyball rate and you have a lot of power upside and a player worth taking a flyer on in all formats .
Kevin Kouzmanoff – Oakland Athletics
I ’ve spoken a lot about him in the past ( click here to view my previous article on him for much more detail ) .
The move from San Diego to Oakland does little to change my thoughts .
He ’s going from one pitchers park to another , so that has no bearing .
His 23 home runs in ’08 shows some of that potential .
So does his 18 home runs and 31 doubles in 529 AB last season .
The potential is there and as a late round flyer , what do you really have to lose ?
Matt LaPorta – Cleveland Indians
We ’ve heard all about his potential for a few years , but 2010 should finally be his chance to back it up full - time .
He ’s in line to open the season as the Indians first baseman and has the potential to produce across the board , not just in the power department .
He showed some of his power last season , hitting seven home runs in 181 AB for the Indians .
That came courtesy of a 41.8 % flyball rate and 11.5 % HR / FB .
Over his minor league career , his flyball rate was 45.0 % and as he ages and matures , it should n’t be surprising to see his HR / FB improve .
Considering he hit .299 ( courtesy of a realistic .317 BABIP ) with 17 HR in 338 AB at Triple - A last season , what do you have to lose by taking a flyer on him ?
What are your thoughts on late round power options ?
Are you focusing on any of these players ?
Is there anyone else you are targeting ?
Make sure to order your copy of the Rotoprofessor 2010 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide , selling for just $ 5 , by clicking here .
Previous Late Round Option Articles :
Very encouraging news from the Schiff campaign :
Memo
To : Peter Schiff Supporters
From : Peter Schiff Campaign Team
Re : Latest Rasmussen Poll : Peter Schiff BEATING
Senator Chris Dodd
In the midst of your holiday preparations , we wanted to share with you the early Christmas present delivered today to the Peter Schiff for US Senate campaign .
A new Rasmussen poll has anti-tax candidate Peter Schiff AHEAD of Chris Dodd .
This is an early Christmas gift for the Peter Schiff campaign .
Before we could email our campaign pollster for his analysis , he had already emailed us , “ Rasmussen Poll : EXCELLENT NUMBERS ! ”
“ These numbers are striking considering the campaign is still in our initial stages , and we are still beating Dodd , ” he explained .
Our campaign is energized by these numbers , especially when you put them in context :
Dodd ’s a five - term US Senator .
Our campaign has n’t even started yet .
( We launch our campaign headquarters next week . )
Most Connecticut voters do n’t yet know Peter and have n’t heard his story .
In 2006 , people ignored Peter when he warned about the impending financial crisis .
He was about the only person in the country to speak up and speak out against Wall Street ’s unsound financial practices .
Most importantly , he spoke out when it was the right thing to do , not when it was politically expedient .
Now that irresponsible spending has moved from Wall Street to Washington , we need Peter Schiff ’s insight and principles in the US Senate .
Connecticut Republicans know that Washington ’s spending binges have consequences .
Nearly 95 % of Connecticut Republicans are worried that Obama ’s socialized medicine will lead to bigger deficits .
Well over 85 % of Republicans are worried that the federal government ’s spending binge will lead to middle - class tax increases .
And they ’re right !
That ’s why we need a proven tax fighter like Peter Schiff in the Senate .
No one doubts that Peter will be the most vocal tax fighter in Connecticut history .
When Connecticut Republicans start to hear about Peter ’s record - when they learn that he is the only candidate who can be trusted to fight government spending and tax increases , they will be committed Schiff voters .
One final note : there is a lot of talk out of Washington about the need for “ a million - dollar advertising campaign ” like the one we are seeing from one of Peter ’s opponents .
If these poll numbers prove one thing , it ’s that :
Throwing money at a problem wo n’t move your poll numbers any more than it will solve the financial crisis .
CHULA VISTA , Calif .  Eduardo Tostado was a prosperous man whose businesses and pleasures straddled the coastal border .
He owned a big house and a used - car lot in the San Diego suburbs , and a seafood restaurant in Tijuana .
He was also part of the border underworld , the authorities say  a high - ranking member of the Mexican drug cartel driving much of the United States ’ illegal marijuana trade and the cascade of violence in a 40 - year drug war .
Some evenings , Mr. Tostado drank tequila at the Baby Rock club in Tijuana or sipped Scotch at the Airport Lounge in San Diego .
He socialized mainly with men he knew well and women he knew not at all .
His wife , Ivette Rubio , was aware of this , and they were having problems in their marriage .
So when Mr. Tostado called her in June 2007 to say he had been kidnapped and needed her to sell their house to pay a ransom , she did not believe him .
“ You got drunk , ” she said , “ and you went out , and you did n’t come to sleep in the house . ”
Click , the phone went dead .
New York ( CNN ) --
The former mistress of a married man has taken their relationship public in a big way -- a series of giant billboards of the happy couple erected in New York , San Francisco and Atlanta .
New Yorkers passing through midtown Manhattan this week saw the smiling faces of " Charles and YaVaughnie " beaming down upon them from one of two billboards in the city with the caption reading , " You are my soulmate forever ! - cep . "
A URL on the billboards led curious visitors to a Web site containing personal photo albums featuring the couple at public and private events with friends and family .
It also contained love notes from Charles E. Phillips to YaVaughnie Wilkins .
Phillips , 50 , the co-president of Oracle Corp. , admitted the affair with Wilkins , 42 , in a statement released by his spokeswoman Friday .
" " I had an 8 ½ - year serious relationship with YaVaughnie Wilkins , " the statement said .
" My divorce proceedings began in 2008 .
The relationship with Ms. Wilkins has since ended and we both wish each other well . "
Phillips is reportedly still married to his wife , Karen , and the two have a son together .
Wilkins declined to speak directly to the media , instead fielding requests through her cousin Misha Davila , who told CNN the Web site was created as a gift from Wilkins for Phillips ' 50th birthday .
The billboards were an attempt by Wilkins to reclaim her version of her relationship with Phillips among friends and family -- not an act of revenge , Davila said .
By Friday , at least one New York billboard had been removed and the Web site was no longer active .
The status of similar billboards in San Francisco was unclear .
Two ads in Atlanta have also been removed , The Atlanta Journal - Constitution reported Friday .
Davila said Wilkins refuses to be cast as the " other woman . "
According to Davila , Wilkins had been under the impression that Phillips ' divorce was finalized in 2003 .
" Their relationship was always very public and open .
He went to family events , she has traveled with him , " Davila said .
But late last summer , Davila said , Wilkins received an anonymous e-mail tip about Phillips ' marital status .
Hiring a private investigator , she learned that Phillips was still married .
She ended her relationship with him in October 2009 .
Bela Kovacs , the designer of the Web site , told CNN he was commissioned to create it by Wilkins last summer .
It " launched sometime in October , " Kovacs said in an e-mail .
Phillips , who has served on President Obama 's economic recovery advisory board since February , joined Oracle in 2003 .
Prior to that , he worked as a tech industry analyst at Morgan Stanley and served as a captain in the U.S. Marine Corps .
Often talked of as a potential successor to Oracle founder and CEO Larry Ellison , Phillips is one of the software company 's most senior and highly paid excecutives .
On top of an $ 800,000 salary for 2009 , he took home stock options and other compensation valued by Oracle at more than $ 18 million .
CNN 's Aspen Steib and Hibah Yousuf contributed to this report .
Editor 's Note :
The following remarks are reflections on the international situation in 2009 by Wu Jianmin , president of the Shanghai Institute for International Studies and a professor at the China Foreign Affairs Institute .
2009 is drawing to a close .
Reflecting on changes in the international situation that have taken place this year , I believe we are witnessing the emergence of a new world order .
World orders are relatively stable and usually retain their basic structure over a long period .
On December 25 , 1991 Mikhail Gorbachev resigned as president of the Soviet Union , the Soviet Union was formally dissolved , and the Soviet flag was lowered over the Kremlin .
This event signaled the crumbling of the Yalta system established at the end of the Second World War .
The world was in transition to a new world order .
World orders owe their stability to a rough balance among the various powers .
The collapse of the old world order means the old balance has been upset .
The transitional period is simply the period in which the world seeks a new balance .
Once a new balance is achieved , a new order is formed .
What defines the outlines of a new world order ?
Firstly , we must ask which countries are going to be at the center of the international arena in the new order ?
Secondly , which regions are going to dominate international relations ?
Thirdly , which nations will become less influential than in the past ?
If we look at the international situation in 2009 , bearing in mind the above - mentioned three points , we can see that a new world order has begun to emerge this year .
Usually nations at the center of the international arena make proposals on the major issues facing the world .
After discussion and amendment through various mechanisms , they eventually become the consensus of the entire world community .
Peace and development are the two major themes in today 's world .
With the world still mired in a severe economic downturn , economic and financial issues have topped the agenda this year .
The G20 summits held in London on April 2 and in Pittsburg on September 24 were the focus of global attention .
The U.S. and China held intensive negotiations prior to the summits and the proposals they made became the basis of the agreements reached at the summits .
Proliferation of weapons of mass destruction continues to pose a threat to world peace .
The Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) conducted its second underground nuclear test on May 25 , 2009 , arousing strong opposition from the international community .
The United Nations Security Council unanimously passed Resolution 1874 on June 12 condemning the DPRK " in the strongest terms " and imposing new sanctions .
Public opinion recognized that the U.S. and China had played a key role in the adoption of the resolution .
The Copenhagen Climate Change Conference held from Dec 7 to Dec 18 is one of the most important multilateral conferences of the new century .
The U.S. and China have conducted extensive negotiations in the run up to the conference .
We may well imagine that the consensus reached by the two nations will have an important influence on the results of the conference .
After the Opium War in 1840 , China 's role in international affairs was marginalized .
The Chinese people had to fight for more than a century to regain their independence and achieve liberation .
But since the founding of the People 's Republic of China in 1949 our nation has been on the road to recovery .
China has moved from the margins to center stage in international affairs over the past 60 years .
International public opinion now recognizes China is at the center of the international arena .
To be frank , China 's world standing is rising faster than we expected .
Recently the Los Angeles City Council held hearings on the thorny issue of medical marijuana dispensary regulation .
For years city officials have abrogated their duty to create sensible regulations for the dispensaries that have proliferated across the Los Angeles basin .
The number of dispensaries has ballooned to over 500 ( not the 1,000 + often claimed ) following an ineffective moratorium on the retail medical marijuana outlets .
As usual , the hearings were packed , with medical marijuana patients and activists flooding the chambers to add their testimony to the record .
One citizen petitioning her government for a redress of grievances was the Executive Director of the new Beverly Hills NORML 90210 ( http://www.norml90210.org/become-a-member.php), Cheryl Shuman .
In sixty seconds of testimony , Cheryl recounts her own personal medical marijuana tragedy , one that has befallen many desperately ill patients who use cannabis — even legally — and require life - saving organ transplants :
Cheryl ’s case is not unique .
All across America , hospitals are booting patients off of organ transplant lists because of their use of cannabis .
Being a legal user of cannabis for medicinal purposes in the now fourteen states that recognize that right is of no help ; even legal medical marijuana patients are essentially given a death sentence by hospital and insurance bureaucracies for their use of a safe , non -toxic herbal remedy .
Timothy Garon was a Seattle musician who had contracted Hepatitis C. Garon was on a waiting list for a life - saving liver transplant .
The state of Washington recognizes Hep C as a qualifying condition for the medical use of cannabis .
Garon ’s physician , Dr. Brad Roter , authorized Garon to smoke pot to alleviate his nausea and abdominal pain and to stimulate his appetite while he awaited .
Garon had become dangerously thin and malnourished and the cannabis therapy helped bring him back from the brink of death .
But unbeknown to Dr. Roter , hospital transplant programs have strict rules that forbid “ substance abusers ” from qualifying for organ transplants .
Seattle ’s University of Washington Medical Center told Garon that if he ceased his marijuana use and tested clean for 60 days , he could have his liver transplant .
Another medical center specified six months of marijuana abstinence before they ’d save his life with surgery .
Doctors had told Garon he had about two weeks to live and he died on May 1 , 2008 .
The cruelest irony is that cannabis is one of the few therapies Garon could have taken for pain and nausea that is not hepatoxic ( liver - killing ) and laden with a list of other nasty side effects .
In Hawaii , Kimberley Reyes suffered from cirrhosis and hepatitis and was given thirty days to live .
She applied for and received approval for a life - saving liver transplant , only to have the rug pulled out from under her three days later when her insurance company , Hawaii Medical Service Association , discovered cannabis in her system , which she had used to relieve feelings of nausea , disorientation and pain .
Ten days later she , too , was dead .
In Washington , Jonathan Simchen suffers from kidney failure .
Doctors at Virginia Mason and University of Washington medical centers deny him a life - saving kidney transplant because of his participation in the Washington State medical marijuana program .
According to Alisha Mark , a spokeswoman for Virginia Mason , “ any patient who smokes any product — tobacco , cloves , medical marijuana — would be precluded from receiving a transplant here . ”
In Georgia , a man named Walter emailed me after reading these transplant stories :
My name is Walter and my kidney transplant was denied by Blue Cross Blue Shield of Georgia due to the fact I smoke marijuana .
In January I went to the University of Minnesota / Fairview Transplant Center for an evaluation .
In order to be completely honest with all the doctors I made them aware of the fact that I smoke marijuana and have for quite some time .
I also made them aware that the use of marijuana has helped me with the decline of my appetite due to end stage of renal disease .
With the exception of the hospital shrink , no one seemed to have a problem with it and even commented that my smoking had nothing to do with my kidney .
Blue Cross Blue Shield approved the evaluation but [ after ] having received the paperwork from Minnesota has declined my transplant , stating “ Kidney transplantation has not been shown to be more beneficial than other alternative treatments for patients with ongoing substance abuse .
Thus , I recommended denial of kidney transplantation ” ( Ronald Hunt MD – Medical Director ) .
Jim Klahr is a well - known medical marijuana activist here in Oregon who also suffers from cirrhosis and hepatitis C .
In an ironic twist , he sits on the state ’s advisory committee on medical marijuana , yet has n’t used his most effective medicine for his pain and nausea since 2004 because he ’s terrified of losing his chance for a liver transplant .
“ I ’ve capitulated because basically I do n’t have much of a choice , ” says Klahr .
Paul Stanford of The Hemp & Cannabis Foundation , the state ’s largest medical marijuana clinic , estimates at least 30 Oregonians who use medical weed have died in the past 10 years after hospitals denied them new organs .
We understand why hospitals have strict qualifying criteria for transplant candidates .
Transplant organs are in high demand and doctors want every recipient to have the best chance at survival possible .
Hospitals screen their transplant lists for “ substance abusers ” because it really does n’t make much sense to put a new liver into an alcoholic who will just go out and drink that organ into cirrhosis and failure as well .
It ’s foolhardy to give a new kidney to a heroin addict who would then possibly share needles and come down with another life - threatening disease .
But in the case of cannabis users , the concern for the chance of post - transplant survival is misplaced .
According to new research at the University of Michigan , cannabis use has no impact on the long - term survival rates of liver transplant recipients .
After studying 1,489 liver transplant patients , 155 of whom were cannabis users , over a span of eight years , researchers concluded , “ Patients who did and did not use marijuana had similar survival rates .
Current substance abuse policies do not seem to systematically expose marijuana users to additional risk of mortality . ”
The cases of Cheryl Shuman and all these victims of a cruel and needless discrimination against desperately ill cannabis consumers illustrate why existing medical marijuana laws , while commendable , do not go far enough .
Cheryl Shuman , Tim Garon , Jim Klahr and others are all legal medical marijuana patients in their state , yet powerless under the law to force hospitals to keep them on the transplant lists .
This discrimination exists because cannabis is considered an “ illicit drug of abuse ” in the same category as heroin and LSD .
This is why cannabis must be removed from Schedule I , legalized for prescription by any doctor in any state , so that it may truly be treated like other medicines , including the prohibition on discrimination against a transplant patient for the use of his or her doctor ’s prescriptions .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website , Copenhagen
The Met Office says global carbon emissions need to peak by 2020 to hit the G8's target
Keeping global temperature rise under 2C ( 3.7 F ) will be almost impossible unless carbon emissions begin to fall within a decade , analysis suggests .
The conclusion comes from a study by the UK Met Office ( UKMO ) .
Even if emissions peaked in 2020 , there would be a 50 % chance of temperatures rising by more than 2C , the target adopted by the G8 at its July summit .
Meeting the lower target of 1.5C favoured by some developing countries is virtually impossible , the UKMO says .
If you go to 2025 before peaking , it 's virtually impossible to stay under 2C
Vicky Pope , UK Met Office
Earth Watch - Richard Black 's blog Guide to Geo-engineering
The findings come from the Avoid programme , run by the Met Office in conjunction with other UK research institutions under government funding .
The latest results were presented at the UN climate summit in Copenhagen .
The Avoid programme aims to use the latest scientific understanding to make risk - based assessments of the impacts , global and regional , of rising greenhouse gas emissions .
' Virtually impossible '
Echoing the general conclusion of other analyses , including by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , the Avoid researchers conclude that the earlier global emissions peak and begin to decline , then the gentler that decline can be .
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full
So peaking in 2018 and shrinking emissions by 4 % per year after that would give a 50 % chance of keeping warming below 2C , it calculates .
But if the peak came just two years later , in 2020 , the decline would then have to be 5 % per year for the same odds of staying below 2C .
" If you go to 2025 before peaking , it 's virtually impossible to stay under 2 C , " said Vicky Pope , head of climate science at the Met Office .
Drawing on socio-economic research from other institutions in the project , the Avoid team believes that cutting emissions by more than 5 % per year would be the maximum feasible .
' Negative emissions '
A bloc of small island states and vulnerable African countries are demanding that any new deal on climate change should aim to keep the temperature rise below 1.5C .
But the Met Office analysis suggests that would be very difficult .
" There 's no way you 'd get a 50 % chance of avoiding 1.5C , " Ms Pope told BBC News .
" If you reduced everything to zero immediately you 'd still get about 1.3C because of the greenhouse gases already in the atmosphere . "
Policies to ensure a reasonable chance of remaining under 1.5C would involve " negative emissions " - sucking CO2 out of the air - she said .
And if emissions peak later than 2020 , negative emissions - a form of geo-engineering - would be needed even to hit the G8's 2C target .
The concept of geo-engineering has its adherents but it is also fraught with economic , social and technical difficulties .
A report by the UK's Royal Society , released in September , concluded that although the approach might have a role , there were " major uncertainties regarding its effectiveness , costs and environmental impacts " , and was no substitute for curbing emissions .
It was announced on Thursday that more than 1,700 scientists had signed a statement to defend climate science .
The response has been co-ordinated by the Met Office in the wake of the " ClimateGate " row .
The scientists became concerned after climate change " sceptics " claimed e-mails taken from servers at the University of East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) suggested researchers had manipulated evidence .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Do you have a question for world leaders at Copenhagen ?
What would you ask them if you were at the summit ?
Send it to us .
The best questions we receive will be answered by a panel of world leaders in a special televised debate .
Send your video questions to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to 61124 or if you have a large video file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
Name
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A US firefighter who was lowered by helicopter into a swollen river to rescue a dog managed to hang on safely - even after the frightened canine bit him .
At least 50 firefighters had responded to reports that the German shepherd was stuck in the Los Angeles river .
Officials said the male dog , nicknamed Vernon after the Californian town where he was found , was fine .
Footage courtesy ABC News
UK unions have voted to boycott Israeli settlement goods UK food labels are set to distinguish between goods from Palestinians in the occupied territories and produce from Israeli settlements .
Food packaging guidelines advise a change from labels usually naming only Israel or West Bank as the source .
The government said it was opposed to a boycott of Israeli goods , but that the settlements posed an obstacle to peace .
The Palestinian general delegation to the UK welcomed the move , but Israel said it was " extremely disappointed " .
All Jewish settlements in the West Bank are illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
The new guidelines recommend that food labels in supermarkets should bear the phrases " Israeli settlement produce " or " Palestinian produce " .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Whatever the politics , foods are produced by hard - working ordinary farmers who just want to make a living and get on with their lives penwithstar Manuel Hassassian , Palestinian general Delegate to the UK , said : " We welcome this .
We have been calling for this for two years , since we began lobbying major British supermarkets when we discovered that they were routinely selling products marked ' produce of the West Bank ' which were in fact the produce of illegal settlements .
" This is a very positive response by the British government . "
But the Israeli embassy said it was " extremely disappointed " .
" We think this is singling out Israel and it plays into the hands of those who are calling for a boycott of Israeli goods , " it said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MASTERS OF ARCHITECTURAL STORYTELLING
As a team of detail - obsessed architects with a commitment to excellence and an innovative eye for our craft , we design artful , timeless buildings , and beautiful interiors that tell a unique story - your story .
Our award - winning projects are comprehensive in service and diverse in scope , including custom residential estates ; ground - up hotels ; restaurants ; historic adaptive reuse conversions ; multifamily residential housing ; and corporate interiors .
Rockefeller Kempel Architects has been recognized by local and national organizations for our designs , with work featured in publications such as Luxe , Sunset Magazine , Travel + Leisure , South Bay Magazine , Coastal Living Details , Forbes Life , and many more .
We ’re proud of the exceptional work we do and welcome the opportunity to help you tell your story .
Get the biggest stories sent straight to your inbox Sign up for regular updates and breaking news from WalesOnline Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
DAVID TENNANT’S popular tenure of the Tardis may have ended but the BBC last night said it remains “ hugely committed ” to the Doctor Who brand .
The Scottish star ’s final outing as the Time Lord attracted more than 10 million viewers on New Year ’s Day .
But it also marked the end of an era for the popular sci- fi series , as writer Russell T Davies joined Tennant in severing their links with Doctor Who .
The pair have been integral to the show ’s recent success and have been widely hailed for reviving a sleeping giant .
Matt Smith , a 27 - year - old Englishman , has taken over as the 11th Doctor .
Tennant ’s final appearance on New Year ’s Day was the show ’s third most viewed installment , but BBC chiefs yesterday predicted an even brighter future for the Doctor .
Julian Payne , head of communications at BBC Vision , told the Western Mail it was a “ fantastically exciting ” time for fans .
“ Doctor Who has regeneration at its very core , and it ’s what provides the show with its longevity , ” he said .
“ We view it as a very exciting opportunity for the show .
We remain hugely committed to the brand of Doctor Who in all its forms , and we have a wonderful new team in place who are very excited about taking the show on new adventures . ”
The show ’s festive special was the highest - rated programme in its prime - time slot .
The End of Time saw The Doctor battle against his nemesis The Master , who possessed every human on the planet .
Super-fan and podcaster Peter Bell , from Cardiff , said the show was a fitting farewell to the show ’s leading men .
“ I must admit I was a bit disappointed and it was all a bit self - conscious , ” the 28 - year - old said .
“ There was lots of wrapping up loose ends , and it was as much Russell T Davies saying goodbye as it was David Tennant .
But it had some great moments and it was the right time to change . ”
Mr Bell talked down claims that the show ’s popularity may suffer with a new Doctor .
“ The story will be continued and it keeps things fresh , ” he said .
“ It ’s weathered such changes in the past so I do n’t think we ’ll have too many problems .
“ Russell T Davies has left a fantastic legacy – Doctor Who was dead and buried when he started and nobody was interested in it .
“ He ’s made an international hit , and big stars out of David Tennant , Billie Piper and Freema Agyeman .
He can definitely sleep soundly . ”
Caleb Woodbridge , 24 , a clerical assistant from Cardiff who runs his own blog about the smash TV show , added : “ Change is a part of Doctor Who and the reason it ’s lasted so long is its ability to reinvent itself .
“ I think new writer Steven Moffat has a big challenge following such a successful and popular Doctor – but he ’s an excellent choice and if anyone can fill Russell T Davies ’ shoes , then he ’s the man to do it .
“ It ’s a challenge for Matt Smith too , but judging by his appearance , it does seem that he ’s got the energy and quirkiness .
“ Nothing lasts forever and Doctor Who has been phenomenally successful , but even if it were to drop a couple of million viewers , it would still be the pick of most TV dramas . ”
Mr Payne added : “ We can absolutely assure fans of the show that the investment in the new series , in terms of the money and talent that has gone into it , is unparalleled .
“ Rather than seeing the regeneration as a negative thing , I think it ’s quite the opposite and we fully expect Matt to deliver .
“ There are many years of exciting viewing still to come , though we ’re enormously grateful for the work Julie Gardner , David Tennant and Russell T Davies have brought to the series . ”
To watch a preview of the new series of Doctor Who , visit www.bbc.co.uk/doctorwho/newyear/
Seattle Colocation Promotional Pricing
Promotion 1 ) 42U Cabinet , 20 Amp 110 v power , 50 Mbps , & 24/7 free reboots .
$ 699 / month & free install .
Promotion 2 ) 21U Half Cabinet , 20 Amp 110 v power , 50 Mbps & 24/7 free reboots .
$ 399 / month & free install .
Promotion 3 ) 1/4 rack , 10 Amp 110 v power , 50 Mbps & 24/7 free reboots .
$ 299 / month & free install .
Promotion 4 ) 1U rack space , 1 Amp 110 v power , 300 GB transfer 100 M bps port .
$ 79 / month & free install .
Other promotional pricing is available as well for per U space , 1/3 racks , and private cages .
Please contact us directly for a custom price quote .
Contact Methods
contact form above
sales@quotecolo.com
call 888-400-5732
text 617-640-0309
In the technologically advanced , forward - thinking city that is Seattle , it can be difficult to impossible to choose the perfect data center facility to use for your business operations .
Fortunately , the specialists at QuoteColo have been working with Seattle colocation providers for many years , and know which can offer the services and prices that you require .
Services Tailored to Your Needs –
When submitting a request with QuoteColo , you can specify which Seattle colocation services are most important to your company .
These could be dedicated servers , cloud computing services , fully managed hosting solutions or any others .
We will discover the appropriate matches .
Do n’t Waste Your Time or Money –
There is no downside to using QuoteColo to receive Seattle colocation pricing information because there is no charge or obligation .
You wo n’t even be kept waiting for answers because your detailed list of quotes will be provided within 24 to 48 hours .
A few of the leading colocation facilities in Seattle , WA are located at the following addresses :
1000 Denny Way , 4th Floor
2001 6th Ave .
12101 Tukwila International Blvd .
140 4th Avenue North
3311 S. 120th Pl .
1100 2nd . Ave .
Seattle , Washington is one of the largest cities , in regards to population , in the Northwestern region of the United States .
It also has one of the fastest growing populations in the country .
Seattle is situated close to the Pacific coast , and is located between Lake Washington and the Puget Sound .
When initially founded , Seattle ’s major industries were logging , and then manufacturing .
The new Seattle economy is shifting toward Internet , high technology and biotechnology companies .
Starbucks is one of the most well known companies founded in Seattle .
The Port of Seattle is also a major center for international trade .
To learn about the leading colocation facilities in technology - driven Seattle , call 888.400.5732 or fill out a request form online with QuoteColo .
Gunners skipper has instinct to turn the title race in their favour ...
Thomas Vermaelen used a word not heard too often in modern football parlance when he was discussing the special talents of Cesc Fabregas after Arsenal 's crushing victory over Aston Villa on Sunday .
The word was ... vision .
" He 's really smart in his game and , in training , if you play against him , he 's really difficult to defend against because I think he has eyes in the back of his head .
He sees everything , " enthused Vermaelen .
" He is a good captain , too .
He has a lot of qualities in football and I think that 's important for a captain .
He talks in the dressing room , not too much , but just enough .
" For us , he was very important on Sunday .
He scored twice in 20 minutes [ sic ] so he was very important .
I think , before he came on , we were the better team , but we did n't create too many chances - and when he came on we controlled the game more and we created some more chances .
" He played some good passes behind the defence , they were really dangerous .
He has a great vision in the game .
He is the best midfielder I have played alongside . "
Unfortunately for Arsenal , Fabregas is unlikely to be fit enough to play again in Wednesday 's Premier League game at Portsmouth , but his exemplary ' impact substitute ' performance against Villa proved his extraordinary value to this young Gunners side .
And his vision , in particular , is a quality that cannot be found easily on sale in the January transfer window .
Nor , as Arsene Wenger has stressed , can a ready - made replacement for Robin van Persie be picked up at a sensible price .
Indeed , vision is a quality that is also part of the Dutchman 's game and , furthermore , a vital part of the overall style of play delivered by Wenger 's team .
It is an almost old - fashioned quality , something that removes a team , or a player , from mere functionalism ; an ability to ' see round corners ' and think beyond the next obvious pass to the move that follows - and its conclusion .
Running riot | Fabregas turned game against Villa
In essence , Fabregas showed all the qualities of an old - style goal - scoring inside - forward in his cameo on Sunday - high technique , flair with the ball , appreciation of the team 's shape and pattern and the vision to create chances and take opportunites .
His run from the halfway line to score the second goal was a perfect example of that .
There was a time when every team in the old First Division in England played with a schemer in the No.10 shirt - a player whose role is known in modern football as a play - maker .
In Italy , they call these guys ' fantasy men ' and in Spain ' the brain ' or ' cerebro ' of a team .
Many teams in England have weaned them out over the years .
Few survive .
Older football followers will remember such players as George Eastham , Johnny Haynes , Tony Currie , Charlie George and Liam Brady - men through whom the games were weaved and made , but who could also score goals when needed .
Modern midfields rarely provide for the luxury of such players , but in Fabregas , Arsenal have a unique footballing gem - someone who combines all the quality of an old inside - forward with the work ethic of a modern dynamo .
At Arsenal , Fabregas is appreciated and he will be missed at Fratton Park where Armand Traore , back from injury to take the left - back position , will be returning after spending a season there on loan last winter .
" It is going to be a tough task for us , " Traore warned .
" And we know that Cesc is so important to us .
He 's our captain , but he is also more than that because he is our playmaker .
But we know now that we have to win all our games if we are to take the title . "
And that is something that a little vision from the Catalan maestro can help bring to reality for Traore , Vermaelen and the rest if they can repeat the form of Sunday 's second - half display against Villa .
While Chelsea labour to open up defences and Manchester United apply a high - speed battering ram approach , Fabregas offers Arsenal something very special - a key to unlock the meanest and toughest opposition .
Tim Collings , Goal.com UK
Machtkampf in der Karibik Haiti entwickelt sich wieder zur Kolonie
Die Folgen des Erdbebens in Haiti sind noch unabsehbar , doch die USA , Frankreich und Brasilien streiten bereits um die Vorherrschaft im Land .
Die haitianische Regierung schaut ohnmächtig zu .
Experten prognostizieren , dass das Land in den nächsten Jahren wieder zu einer Art Kolonie werden wird .
I am totally against the Supreme Court 's Citizens United ruling , because to me " free speech " has turned into a bought - and - paid - for commodity , but there are arguments from the left on both sides of the issue .
I 've had some experience with trying to buy ad space during elections , and as the days creep closer to one , the ad space becomes more expensive , for the most part .
At least in my experience .
My question is what happens when Big Corp decides to buy up the last month , or two or three , of available ad space on all major media outlets for a particular election ?
That would have an incredible impact on either an election or like we have in California , a proposition .
We saw what happened when the Mormons bought up a ton of air time in California to oppose Prop .
8
We need regulations in politics , just like we need them for Wall Street and just like we need them when you buy a car .
Hopefully , Congress will act and pass much needed legislation to help preserve our Democratic process .
It already is deeply flawed , but this ruling only makes it worse .
One of the interesting things about Climategate is how it has really exposed the pathetic math behind the hypothesis of man-made global warming .
Sadly , a lot of us assumed the PhD proponents of global warming were performing sound science based on solid mathematics and statistics .
But as more and more professional eyes have reviewed the assumptions and calculations behind the AGW hypothesis , the more it is becoming clear AGW is actually science fiction , not science fact .
To summarize : there are numerous egregious mistakes being made in the calculation of a global temperature index , mistakes in the extension of the current index back in time using older ( less accurate ) records and proxies , and downright misleading displays of information which hide the reality of global climate behind the science fiction of AGW .
I am going to attempt outline the key evidence that now exists that shows AGW is fiction , not fact .
This will not be short .
The Creation of Fictional Temperature Data ( or we might as well be measuring temps on planet Vulcan ) :
There are some truly bizarre ‘ adjustments ’ made to the planet ’s raw temperature data and being sold as ‘ established science ’ .
One of the most insane and unprofessional is the ‘ homogenizing ’ and ‘ combining ’ of temperature records .
There is no need to do this , and in fact there are endless reasons why you do n’t do this .
Temperature records are temperature records .
If stations move , are upgraded , closed down or started up these are all simply independent sets of data .
Changing this reality is creating fiction .
For example , here areÂ some very important graphs from New Zealand .
The first graph shows three stations and their raw measurements over the last century .
This is the reality of the temperature on planet earth at these locations as best we know it :
This 2nd graph is pure fiction , but it represents the mathematical garbage being peddled as proof of man-made global warming :
What the so called ‘ scientists ’ did here is a crime against mathematics and science .
Just as like the interesting fictionalÂ warp drive and and transporters of Star Trek , this second chart violates numerous laws of physics and science .
It is not real data .
It might as well be a measurement of temps on planet Vulcan .
For those who are not well versed in integrating graphs in your head , here is an overlay of these two graphs which highlights the crime :
What we see in this picture is where the alarmists cooled off the very warm period measured at Thorndon prior to 1930 ( which is equivalent to today ’s temperature at Airport ) .
They also cooled off the measurements made at the Airport from 1960 to now .
I have noted these ‘ adjustments ’ by blue and red arrows , respectfully .
This is not averaging or any proper statistical methodology – this is simply creating fiction .
You can see how Thorndon and the Airport both showed roughly the same climate ( top purple dashed line ) , but were dropped by about 1Â°C when ‘ adjusted ’ by alarmists .
There never was a 1Â°C drop at Thorndon or Airport , thus this is science fiction .
The fact is the Airport and Kelburn data for the period 1960 onward is the only data that could be integrated , since they overlapped in time .
All the rest is mathematically off limits unless it is being integrated into a regional or national index for that time period .
There is no scientifically defendable reason to adjust the Airport data or Thorndon – none !
What these so called scientists did was adjust the Thorndon and Airport data to appear as if they were being measured from Kelburn .
To demonstrate how truly idiotic this kind of adjustment is let ’s use the same ‘ methodology ’ to measure the Moon ’s orbit from these 3 locations ( something I alluded to in this post ) .
We are going to take a measurement of the Moon ’s position from all three sites ( as shown in Panel 1 below ) .
All measurements are assumed to be made on the same day at the same time to remove any temporal errors ( or uncertainty ) between the three measurements .
Then in Panel 2 we ‘ adjust ’ Thorndon ( #1 ) and Airport ( # 3 ) to appear as if we measured the Moon from Kelburn ( # 2 ) :
The blue arrow is the vector to the Moon ( on a certain day at a certain time ) from Kelburn .
When we pretend the same measurement is valid for Airport and Thorndon we get two wrong answers overwriting two good data points .
Â
This is clearly not a wise approach to measuring the Moon ’s actual position and deriving an orbit .
It make no less sense in deriving a global temperature .
By doing this kind of ‘ adjustment ’ we could just as easily say this temperature estimate is from planet Vulcan instead of planet Earth – both claims would be equally valid .
Worse than this station ‘ combining ’ is when the alarmists create measurements out of thin air .
They declare a temperature value is valid for 750 kilometers ( 450 miles ) .
This is insane , as anyone can see by looking at their regional temperatures in a 20 mile radius on any given day .
Temperature accuracies degrade with distance from the measurement , probably by +/- 2Â°C or more when you go out 50 miles .
Fictional steadiness in temperature over distance is bad enough , but then the AGW PhDs create mythical stations where none exist in enormous grids – creating a fictional world of temperature values which I suspect equal the number of real values , and may even out number the real temperature measurements .
This adds even more error / uncertainty to the global index , which at this point is more science fiction ( estimation ) than real numbers .
I have yet to even come up with a good analogy for creating so much fictional data and calling it reality .
Unspecified Uncertainty and Accuracy ( or pretending a 1960 ’s polaroid camera is as good as today ’s 10 megapixel Nicon digital camera )
As William Briggs pointed out in a fine series of posts ( culminating in this summary post ) properly reporting estimation ( or prediction ) error / uncertainty is mandatory for real scientists .
What the AGW supporters have been doing for years is reporting the completely meaningless statistical ‘ parameter errors ’ , and pretending this is their accuracy .
But the fact is each time you make an adjustment ( as we saw above ) , or create mythical data , or even integrate daily sensor readings into monthly averages for countries or the globe , you are ‘ estimating ’ .
And your estimates have prediction errors in them well beyond the measurement error and the statistical parameter error ( the other sources of error ) .
William Briggs illustrated this very will in the following diagram :
Here we see parametric error / uncertainty and assumption / prediction / estimation error .
In his example he assumed Station B to have a continuous temperature record ( 0 - 80 years ) .
He assumed Station A only had a recent temperature record ( 50 - 80 years ) .
He rightfully notes you cannot create any real temperature data for Station A prior to the time it took measurements ( as we saw the alarmists do in the above example ) .
But if you were going to estimate what Station A data might look like for the earlier period – assuming it follows Station B ’s temperatures ( which better be damn close in distance ) – then you have to identify the source and scope of error .
BTW , creating a record for Station A prior to it coming on line is the same as creating a station out of thin air using nearby stations .
The darker error band covering the data for Station A from 0 - 50 years is the parametric error introduced by the statistical equations .
But that is not all the error , just the minimal error .
There is a lot of ‘ prediction / assumption ’ error which has to cover the data estimates produced ( because these are , after all estimates and the error has to include the estimated temperatures produced !
This estimate or predictive error is represented in the lighter color band for the period 0 - 50 years .
Briggs goes on to show how these two ( of three ) sources of error also must be played forward into any future predictions of AGW ( the blue zones ) .
As we repeat this insanity for additional stations C , D , CCC , DDD , ZZZZZ ( which goes up to many thousands of data points in the warming ‘ calculations ’ ) we have to add up all these estimation errors as they impart more and more uncertainty into the final number .
We never see this in the AGW numbers , but I can show you what it should look like – even while being extremely conservative .
If we look across time ( the 120 years of the measured global temperature record ) and across the globe two conditions increase the errors in the global index .
One is the accuracy of the measurements themselves and the other is the number of measurements available .
It is no surprise that the technology of the 1880 ’s cannot match the accuracy of today ’s measurement systems , and it is not a surprise the early record was not really global .
But somehow the earliest , crudest , sparsest measurements are always treated as the most accurate !
Truly fictional .
It is a fact that there were very few places making regular temperature measurements back in 1880 ( and in the 1940 ’s and 1950 ’s , etc ) .
Here are two graphs from a post which illustrate this phenomena .
The first is the number of Norther Hemisphere stations covering the historical record :
There were n’t a lot of stations prior to 1950 , were there ?
All the ‘ global temperatures ’ prior to this time are very uncertain because there are so few data points .
Â
The second graph illustrates this by showing how the station number effects the error / uncertainty in any global calculation :
As we have fewer stations in the early record we have less confidence in the global index these stations are used to create .
We get this kind of reversed tuba shape in the error / uncertainty space .
As we move forward in time the number of stations increase , reducing the uncertainty .
What this graphs tells us is the actual global temperature index is somewhere in those error bars – no one value can be called the actual value .
This in turn means today ’s temperatures are not significantly warmer or cooler than when the temp record began given the uncertainty range .
This is a mathematical fact , any claims otherwise are fiction .
BTW , this same curve should be duplicated and added twice into the final global indices to address the degradation in sensor and timing accuracy as we go back into time .
In essence double these boundaries since we have two sources of uncertainty which behave the same way : ( 1 ) number of stations and ( 2 ) the antiquated sensors .
One of my favorite CRU documents leaked is a preliminary report on the global temperature index .
This is the alarmists ’ own estimation of their uncertainty / error .
For January 1969 they produced the following graph , which is probably representative for the entire year of 1969 ( or even the two decades prior since 1969 predates satellite sensors , the GPS system for accurate time tagging , digital sensor systems , etc. ) .
What this graph shows is the best accuracy achievable for any global index in the year 1969 for much of the world is much more than +/- 1 Â°C .
There are significant errors / uncertainty in some areas that rise to 2 - 3Â°C and beyond .
But let ’s be kind to these poor AGW souls and assume the aggregate global temperature error for 1969 is 1.25 Â°C .
This not parametric error / uncertainty alone .
This is estimation / predictive error plus parametric error plus measurement error – and in my opinion way too generous .
But it matters not because this extremely optimistic uncertainty level completely destroys the AGW theory .
Here is a classic AGW graph from the NCDC showing the global temperature trend .
It has their parametric error bars sitting at +/- 0.05 Â°C for the current time period and growing to +/- 0.15 Â°C as we go back to 1880 :
Looks pretty scary eh ?
It completely ignores the measurement and estimation errors as covered in the CRU report leaked last month .
Here is the same data with a 6th order polynomial ( what I can get out of Excel without a lot of work ) so we can compare apples to apples :
But now let me put on error bars of 1.25 Â°C as a very , very conservative measure of the uncertainty according to the CRU assessment of their 1969 data :
Wow , now it is not all that scary .
Actually looks sort of benign – which is why you will never see this view of the science .
No drama .
The error bars really should look like a reverse tuba , as we saw with the uncertainty we produced as we went back in time and reduce the number of stations .
But the point is still the same .
That 0.8Â°C warming that the Chicken Littles are screaming shows the end of the world coming is well inside the error bars .
And that is the CRU error bars !
The data shows nothing of interest .
Mixing Data To Create A False Image ( or ‘ Look , its magic ! ” )
Instead of dealing with the fact that raw temperature data shows little to no warming ( see here for starters and see here for much more ) and the historical record is sparse and full of uncertainty , the AGW supporters apparently decided to hide all these inconvenient truths and play a little misinformation and misdirection .
Â
They went from science to ‘ magic ’ ( and I mean the art of deception employed by professional magicians ) .
The first magic ‘ trick ’ used was adding raw sensor data to statistical proxy models to create that magical hockey stick .
This was uncovered by the venerable Steve McIntyre , which I illustrated in two summary graphs .
The first graph showed Mann ’s initial try at his ‘ Nature trick ’ for hiding the decline in temperature behind all those ‘ adjusted ’ temperature measurements :
As you can see the statistical models ( blue ) stopped short of anything scary .
But the ‘ adjusted ’ instrument data ( red ) keeps climbing making it appear current temps are much higher than much of the prior record ( all guesstimate of course ) .
Here is the full original picture :
See how that little red tail is peaking up there ?
Â
The IPCC said this was not dramatic enough , so Mann and CRU went back and extended that red line even higher , as we see in the second chart below .
To do this these PhDs had to increase the height of the chart by 0.5 Â°C to cover this new and improved red line .
Before the correction the red tail did not rise beyond the historical error bars ( the blue or gray area behind the lines in each chart ) .
But after some more ‘ adjustments it reached up high enough to become truly historically significant .
The problem is that red line has no mathematical business being in that chart at all .
None .
It is a con , a misdirection , a trick of the eye .
It is mixing two different sets of data and giving the impression they should be on the same graph .
Just like this data is a trick of the eye , where we see the raw station data from northern Australia basically flat lining while the ‘ adjusted ’ data climbs into the sky of pending doom .
( More of the same here , here and here ) .
That stepping black line shows a completely unnatural ‘ adjustment ’ being made to the raw ( blue ) data .
This is not a natural process – this fudging data .
The red line is a fiction created by adding the black data to the real blue data .
This is no surprise really to many who followed this story for a while .
It has long been shown that the time period with the highest accuracy ( post 1960 ) has seen the most ‘ corrections ’ .
This makes no scientific sense of course , but then it is not done for science .
Just like the graph above , we see the modern data being heavily ‘ adjusted ’ everywhere we look – even though this period has the most stations world wide and the utilizes the latest technology base .
Â
These ‘ adjustments ’ have been hiding in plain site for months and years – where no one challenged the cult - think behind AGW .
Check out this graph that I have used many times in discussing global warming shenanigans :
It is from the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration , or NOAA .
It unabashedly illustrates how raw UHCN data has been ‘ adjusted ’ in ever increasing steps to create 0.6Â°C of warming beyond the raw measurement data .
Why ?
Who knows !
The fact is the alarmists have used many , many ways to hide the decline , including the use of tree rings to overwrite the much more accurate ice core data .
There is also the trick of collapsing time so that people do n’t see the fact CO2 changes have lagged temperature changes by 800 years , not driven them !
If there is a way to mislead , the alarmists have found it .
The alarmist keep producing more varieties of misleading graphs , praying no one will notice they are actually magicians versed in the art of deception – not really scientists .
Â
This is why AGW is pure science fiction and not established fact .
The data they wo n’t show you , the methods they wo n’t defend , the error / uncertainty analysis they never produce is all part of the fiction of man-made global warming .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The UK 's freezing weather has forced some pedestrians to crawl across icy roads .
Headteacher David Murgett , from West Yorkshire , decided it was a safer than walking .
Commentary from the BBC's Jenny Hill .
Facebook
Copy to clipboard
You Missed It : Most Unfairly Overlooked Movies Of The Decade
The Dark Knight and Lord of the Rings .
Or they 'll geek out with their friends about the cult classics they discovered together , rewatching copies of the original version of Donnie Darko or spreading around copies of Idiocracy and laughing at its accuracy .
Or we 'll remember the prestige movies , the big Oscar winners like No Country For Old Men and Chicago .
But in a better world , maybe we 'd remember these movies .
These are the other guys , the great films you missed through circumstance or stupidity , through studio stumbling or simply bad timing .
The best movies do n't always get seen , the best movies do n't always win the awards .
This is n't a list of critically acclaimed indies which did n't do well at the box office , or films with huge fan followings which could n't get anyone else to turn out ( sorry Serenity ) .
Nor is this a list of movies which flopped at the box office but later found cult success .
These movies fell between the cracks and never really found the audience they deserved .
When you 're thinking back on the aughts , you wo n’t think of these films , but maybe you should .
Consider giving these movies a second chance .
Unique and strange , funny and weird , challenging and sexy ; they 're the most unfairly overlooked movies of the past decade .
Black Snake Moan ( 2007 )
Samuel L. Jackson will be forever remembered for Pulp Fiction but he gives the best performance of his career as Lazarus , an aging , god- fearing blues man in Black Snake Moan .
When he finds a half - naked , whored - up party girl ( Christina Ricci ) lying in his driveway , he carries the beaten up , high , and unconscious hottie into his house , nurses her back to physical health , and soon decides the writhing , sexed - up , drugged out girl 's mental health is his responsibility as well .
His southern hospitality goes a little too far when he chains the girl to his radiator to keep her out of trouble , but despite the chains Black Snake Moan is a movie about healing and redemption .
Writer / director Craig Brewer 's film is smart and savvy but the movie's also a big bomb of sensuality and southern grit .
Soulful , down and dirty blues grinds its way through the movie as the soundtrack of Lazarus 's life .
It 's sweet sound that stitches this underappreciated , brazen film together .
Why did n't anyone see it ?
I can't explain it as anything other than uptight Americans skipping it based on the posters which featured Ricci scantily clad and in chains .
Ironically , it 's a deeply spiritual film , one with a lot of good things to say about the religious fervor which likely kept audiences away in the first place .
When people look back on the early years of the new millennium they 'll remember it for movies likeand .
Or they 'll geek out with their friends about the cult classics they discovered together , rewatching copies of the original version ofor spreading around copies ofand laughing at its accuracy .
Or we 'll remember the prestige movies , the big Oscar winners likeandBut in a better world , maybe we 'd remember these movies .
These are the other guys , the great films you missed through circumstance or stupidity , through studio stumbling or simply bad timing .
The best movies do n't always get seen , the best movies do n't always win the awards .
This is n't a list of critically acclaimed indies which did n't do well at the box office , or films with huge fan followings which could n't get anyone else to turn out ( sorry ) .
Nor is this a list of movies which flopped at the box office but later found cult success .
These movies fell between the cracks and never really found the audience they deserved .
When you 're thinking back on the aughts , you wo n’t think of these films , but maybe you should .
Consider giving these movies a second chance .
Unique and strange , funny and weird , challenging and sexy ; they 're the most unfairly overlooked movies of the past decade .
Samuel L. Jackson will be forever remembered forbut he gives the best performance of his career as Lazarus , an aging , god - fearing blues man in .
When he finds a half - naked , whored - up party girl ( Christina Ricci ) lying in his driveway , he carries the beaten up , high , and unconscious hottie into his house , nurses her back to physical health , and soon decides the writhing , sexed - up , drugged out girl 's mental health is his responsibility as well .
His southern hospitality goes a little too far when he chains the girl to his radiator to keep her out of trouble , but despite the chainsis a movie about healing and redemption .
Writer / director Craig Brewer 's film is smart and savvy but the movie's also a big bomb of sensuality and southern grit .
Soulful , down and dirty blues grinds its way through the movie as the soundtrack of Lazarus 's life .
It 's sweet sound that stitches this underappreciated , brazen film together .
Why did n't anyone see it ?
I can't explain it as anything other than uptight Americans skipping it based on the posters which featured Ricci scantily clad and in chains .
Ironically , it 's a deeply spiritual film , one with a lot of good things to say about the religious fervor which likely kept audiences away in the first place .
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang ( 2005 )
Shane Black 's wicked script and the spot on timing of Robert Downey Jr. , and most especially Val Kilmer as the hilariously named detective Gay Perry , made Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang the most badass piece of film noir since Fred MacMurray dropped dead in Double Indemnity .
But this was before Robert Downey 's big return to the limelight , back when he was still in recovery mode and everyone still seemed to be boycotting him .
So this murder mystery went unwatched and what should have been Robert Downey 's coming out party ended up on dusty , video store shelves where it was eventually shoved out of the way to make room for more copies of Iron Man .
But it 's better than Iron Man and ten times more fun .
The chemistry between Kilmer and Downey is spot on , they 're a classic on screen duo the kind which deserves a whole series of movies .
Now the continuing adventures of Harry Lockhart and Gay Perry will never happen and all I can do is plead with you to hop on to Netflix and give Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang a chance .
Shane Black 's wicked script and the spot on timing of Robert Downey Jr. , and most especially Val Kilmer as the hilariously named detective Gay Perry , madethe most badass piece of film noir since Fred MacMurray dropped dead in .
But this was before Robert Downey 's big return to the limelight , back when he was still in recovery mode and everyone still seemed to be boycotting him .
So this murder mystery went unwatched and what should have been Robert Downey 's coming out party ended up on dusty , video store shelves where it was eventually shoved out of the way to make room for more copies of .
But it 's better thanand ten times more fun .
The chemistry between Kilmer and Downey is spot on , they 're a classic on screen duo the kind which deserves a whole series of movies .
Now the continuing adventures of Harry Lockhart and Gay Perry will never happen and all I can do is plead with you to hop on to Netflix and givea chance .
Zack and Miri Make A Porno ( 2008 )
It was supposed to be filmmaker Kevin Smith 's breakout hit but whether because of bad timing or bad titling Zack and Miri barely managed to tread water , bringing in the same , limited crowd which show up for all of his films .
But this was the Kevin Smith that deserved to be seen by the masses , a raunch - comedy of Apatow proportions which kills with out of control laughs and adult sincerity .
It features stellar performances from Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks , who , come together in one awkwardly perfect moment to create what is almost without question one of the greatest , most strangely moving fully - clothed sex scenes ever captured on screen .
It 's also sweet , really sweet and romantic in a way the title probably does n't suggest .
Most of all though it 's funny , really funny , in a way we 'll probably never see from Smith again .
The movie 's failure has prompted the indie director to abandon his more personal filmmaking style in favor of taking on big studio projects .
The next time you see his name on screen , it 'll be in the closing credits of a buddy cop movie .
It was supposed to be filmmaker Kevin Smith 's breakout hit but whether because of bad timing or bad titlingbarely managed to tread water , bringing in the same , limited crowd which show up for all of his films .
But this was the Kevin Smith that deserved to be seen by the masses , a raunch - comedy of Apatow proportions which kills with out of control laughs and adult sincerity .
It features stellar performances from Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks , who , come together in one awkwardly perfect moment to create what is almost without question one of the greatest , most strangely moving fully - clothed sex scenes ever captured on screen .
It 's also sweet , really sweet and romantic in a way the title probably does n't suggest .
Most of all though it 's funny , really funny , in a way we 'll probably never see from Smith again .
The movie 's failure has prompted the indie director to abandon his more personal filmmaking style in favor of taking on big studio projects .
The next time you see his name on screen , it 'll be in the closing credits of a buddy cop movie .
Frailty ( 2001 )
Bill Paxton is at his absolute freakiest in this little seen horror movie about fundamentalism gone awry .
At first he 's father to a happy little family .
Father and two sons , they live in small - town Texas minding their own business , until of course Dad gets a message from God .
God says there are demons in the world and it's up to Pop and his sons to destroy them .
One catch , the demons look like normal , every day humans .
Older brother Fenton is skeptical but his young brother Tommy has a case of hero worship , and does whatever Dad says .
As the kids are perverted and twisted into serial killers and as the body count rises , the movie becomes a spine - tingling thriller of the highest order ; a slow , creepy build with a mind - blowing twist ending that would have left you shattered if , of course , you 'd seen it .
Paxton is brilliant and sympathetic … even while scaring the hell out of you .
Most of all it's the subtle little touches that make it so goddamn disturbing .
There 's a moment when Dad threatens a supposed demon with an axe and in the background , if you listen closely you 'll hear Tommy whisper , " kill him " off camera and in the background .
It 's a small touch , but one that sticks with you in the dark ride on the way home .
Is that Tommy whispering for your death in the seat behind you ?
Maybe you 're a demon .
Maybe you deserve death .
Bill Paxton is at his absolute freakiest in this little seen horror movie about fundamentalism gone awry .
At first he 's father to a happy little family .
Father and two sons , they live in small - town Texas minding their own business , until of course Dad gets a message from God .
God says there are demons in the world and it's up to Pop and his sons to destroy them .
One catch , the demons look like normal , every day humans .
Older brother Fenton is skeptical but his young brother Tommy has a case of hero worship , and does whatever Dad says .
As the kids are perverted and twisted into serial killers and as the body count rises , the movie becomes a spine - tingling thriller of the highest order ; a slow , creepy build with a mind - blowing twist ending that would have left you shattered if , of course , you 'd seen it .
Paxton is brilliant and sympathetic … even while scaring the hell out of you .
Most of all it's the subtle little touches that make it so goddamn disturbing .
There 's a moment when Dad threatens a supposed demon with an axe and in the background , if you listen closely you 'll hear Tommy whisper , " kill him " off camera and in the background .
It 's a small touch , but one that sticks with you in the dark ride on the way home .
Is that Tommy whispering for your death in the seat behind you ?
Maybe you 're a demon .
Maybe you deserve death .
The Girl Next Door ( 2004 )
The Girl Next Door had the gross misfortune to be released at the height of America 's religious fervor back in 2004 .
The Passion of the Christ was the biggest movie in the world and covering up Janet Jackson 's nipples was our new obsession .
So it 's no surprise that a no holds barred teen raunch - comedy would slip out of theaters with barely a notice .
That does n't make it right .
Sure The Girl Next Door is down with nudity and sex as entertainment and sure a lot of it takes place at a porn convention .
But Emile Hirsch plays the lead and makes it something special beyond that , with a character that it becomes impossible not to identify with while whatever crazy hijinks ensue .
It 's legitimately hilarious and beneath the movie 's tits and ass veneer is a movie that John Hughes would have been proud to call his own back in 1984 .
Timothy Olyphaunt steals scenes as a porn king and the movie 's soundtrack kicks ass .
Even now it seems like somewhere along the way there should be some sort of cult audience for a movie like this .
Maybe it'll find it yet .
had the gross misfortune to be released at the height of America 's religious fervor back in 2004 .
was the biggest movie in the world and covering up Janet Jackson 's nipples was our new obsession .
So it 's no surprise that a no holds barred teen raunch - comedy would slip out of theaters with barely a notice .
That does n't make it right .
Sureis down with nudity and sex as entertainment and sure a lot of it takes place at a porn convention .
But Emile Hirsch plays the lead and makes it something special beyond that , with a character that it becomes impossible not to identify with while whatever crazy hijinks ensue .
It 's legitimately hilarious and beneath the movie 's tits and ass veneer is a movie that John Hughes would have been proud to call his own back in 1984 .
Timothy Olyphaunt steals scenes as a porn king and the movie 's soundtrack kicks ass .
Even now it seems like somewhere along the way there should be some sort of cult audience for a movie like this .
Maybe it'll find it yet .
City of Ember ( 2008 )
We 've been awash in second - rate fantasy movies since the very first Lord of the Rings , so perhaps it 's understandable that audiences would give this one a pass , assuming perhaps that it 's another lame entry in the vein of Legend of the Seeker .
City of Ember is anything but .
It dared to be different .
The story of a lost , steam - powered city buried deep beneath the ground after the apocalypse should have been a crowd pleaser with stunning , eye - popping set design and a big stars in Tim Robbins and Bill Murray .
Unfortunately 20th Century
Fox seemed to forget to advertise it and its detailed set design and complex world of decaying civilization unspooled unwatched in theaters .
Still there 's never been anything quite like City of Ember , a complete picture of a dying civilization and the struggle of a scant few to find a way to escape it .
It 's ambitious and smart , and nothing like any other fantasy movie you 've seen .
We 've been awash in second - rate fantasy movies since the very first , so perhaps it 's understandable that audiences would give this one a pass , assuming perhaps that it 's another lame entry in the vein ofis anything but .
It dared to be different .
The story of a lost , steam - powered city buried deep beneath the ground after the apocalypse should have been a crowd pleaser with stunning , eye - popping set design and a big stars in Tim Robbins and Bill Murray .
Unfortunately 20th Century
Fox seemed to forget to advertise it and its detailed set design and complex world of decaying civilization unspooled unwatched in theaters .
Still there 's never been anything quite like , a complete picture of a dying civilization and the struggle of a scant few to find a way to escape it .
It 's ambitious and smart , and nothing like any other fantasy movie you 've seen .
Jet Li's Fearless ( 2006 )
While over the past decade other aging action stars like Jackie Chan abandoned their ass - kicking ways in favor of Disney - style babysitter comedies , Jet Li delivered one of the biggest roundhouse kicks of his career .
Jet Li's Fearless embodied everything that has made Li , Li .
As so many of these movies are , it 's set in China 's past , but in a way that 's utterly grounded .
There 's no fantasy here and the fight scenes are gritty and feel completely real .
They 're even more eye - popping because of it and it contains some of the best fights this side of Drunken Master II .
But more than that , it 's a deeply personal film for Li and it shows in his performance which is , easily , the best of his career .
It 's based on the life of Huo Yuanjia , a real person who changed the path of Chinese fighting away from killing towards a simple battle of skill .
He made it dishonorable for fighters to kill their opponents in the ring , and started the Jin Wu Sports Federation to ensure that future generations would learn from his mistakes .
Apparently one member of those future generations was Jet Li who delivers a movie of deep honor , style , and intensity .
And you missed it .
While over the past decade other aging action stars like Jackie Chan abandoned their ass - kicking ways in favor of Disney - style babysitter comedies , Jet Li delivered one of the biggest roundhouse kicks of his career .
embodied everything that has made Li , Li .
As so many of these movies are , it 's set in China 's past , but in a way that 's utterly grounded .
There 's no fantasy here and the fight scenes are gritty and feel completely real .
They 're even more eye - popping because of it and it contains some of the best fights this side of .
But more than that , it 's a deeply personal film for Li and it shows in his performance which is , easily , the best of his career .
It 's based on the life of Huo Yuanjia , a real person who changed the path of Chinese fighting away from killing towards a simple battle of skill .
He made it dishonorable for fighters to kill their opponents in the ring , and started the Jin Wu Sports Federation to ensure that future generations would learn from his mistakes .
Apparently one member of those future generations was Jet Li who delivers a movie of deep honor , style , and intensity .
And you missed it .
Below ( 2002 )
Take The Hunt for Red October and turn it into a ghost story and you 'd have Below , the scariest movies ever to take place below the waves .
In the midst of World War II the submarine U.S.S. Tiger Shark prowls the ocean on a rescue mission .
But below the surface , the sub's walls are closing in as the ship 's shell - shocked crew falls prey to sensory delusions and mental madness which send them over the edge .
Or is it real ?
The ship could be haunted or cursed and they could be a damned crew sinking rapidly toward their doom .
It 's a psychological thriller and a war movie and a study in what happens when men spend too much time in confined spaces all at once .
Or maybe it really is the story of a horrific underwater haunting .
Below keeps you guessing and wondering and scared shitless throughout it 's entire running time .
For some reason though , this taut little thriller never got a decent theatrical release .
It was dumped in a couple of theaters without advertising where , it never had a chance .
Now 's your chance .
Grab a copy on DVD , if you can find it .
Takeand turn it into a ghost story and you 'd have , the scariest movies ever to take place below the waves .
In the midst of World War II the submarine U.S.S. Tiger Shark prowls the ocean on a rescue mission .
But below the surface , the sub's walls are closing in as the ship 's shell - shocked crew falls prey to sensory delusions and mental madness which send them over the edge .
Or is it real ?
The ship could be haunted or cursed and they could be a damned crew sinking rapidly toward their doom .
It 's a psychological thriller and a war movie and a study in what happens when men spend too much time in confined spaces all at once .
Or maybe it really is the story of a horrific underwater haunting .
keeps you guessing and wondering and scared shitless throughout it 's entire running time .
For some reason though , this taut little thriller never got a decent theatrical release .
It was dumped in a couple of theaters without advertising where , it never had a chance .
Now 's your chance .
Grab a copy on DVD , if you can find it .
Choke ( 2008 )
Vile , seedy , and morally bankrupt
Choke did n't contain any fight scenes so no one bothered to see it .
Sex does n't sell , apparently , but a good decapitation does .
Amoral and filthy in the most glorious of ways , Choke starred Sam Rockwell as a sex addict and historical re-enactor who wanders through life screwing everyone he knows .
Based on a book by Fight Club author Chuck Palahniuk , it 's viciously funny and , in a dark and twisted way , even a little poignant .
But a confusing theatrical release pattern made it nearly impossible to figure out where or if it was ever playing and so Choke just sort of passed everyone by .
Deep conversations about relationships are had during handjobs and true love is uncovered while trying to convince a stripper she has cancer .
It 's the film 's seediest moments that seem the most real , when Victor 's life is at its most despicable and unstable Choke shines .
With the help of one of the coolest soundtracks you 've never heard ( Satan Said Dance ! ) it creates something unlike anything else you 've never seen on screen .
Vile , seedy , and morally bankruptdid n't contain any fight scenes so no one bothered to see it .
Sex does n't sell , apparently , but a good decapitation does .
Amoral and filthy in the most glorious of ways , starred Sam Rockwell as a sex addict and historical re-enactor who wanders through life screwing everyone he knows .
Based on a book byauthor Chuck Palahniuk , it 's viciously funny and , in a dark and twisted way , even a little poignant .
But a confusing theatrical release pattern made it nearly impossible to figure out where or if it was ever playing and sojust sort of passed everyone by .
Deep conversations about relationships are had during handjobs and true love is uncovered while trying to convince a stripper she has cancer .
It 's the film 's seediest moments that seem the most real , when Victor 's life is at its most despicable and unstableshines .
With the help of one of the coolest soundtracks you 've never heard ( Satan Said Dance ! ) it creates something unlike anything else you 've never seen on screen .
Ghost Town ( 2008 )
Do mainstream audiences know Ricky Gervais ?
Ghost Town proved rather definitively that they do not .
Geeks know who Ricky is , but there simply are n't enough nerds left out there anymore to matter .
They 're all on the internet or they 've morphed into Twilighters or something .
But Ghost Town was a surprisingly smart , funny , and emotional movie .
The premise seems stupid ( A man talks to the dead ?
Does n't seem fresh does it ? ) but Gervais was too brilliant to let it stay that way .
He makes magic out of thin air .
If only anyone had shown up to see him do it .
What if Jesus had turned water into wine in an empty room ?
Would we still have Christianity ?
If people had bought tickets to Ghost Town , would we be praying to Ricky Gervais ?
Maybe we should be anyway .
Do mainstream audiences know Ricky Gervais ? proved rather definitively that they do not .
Geeks know who Ricky is , but there simply are n't enough nerds left out there anymore to matter .
They 're all on the internet or they 've morphed into Twilighters or something .
Butwas a surprisingly smart , funny , and emotional movie .
The premise seems stupid ( A man talks to the dead ?
Does n't seem fresh does it ? ) but Gervais was too brilliant to let it stay that way .
He makes magic out of thin air .
If only anyone had shown up to see him do it .
What if Jesus had turned water into wine in an empty room ?
Would we still have Christianity ?
If people had bought tickets to , would we be praying to Ricky Gervais ?
Maybe we should be anyway .
25th Hour ( 2002 )
In 25th Hour Edward Norton gives what is perhaps the best performance of his career in what is easily one of the best movie's of Spike Lee 's filmography .
Norton plays a convicted drug dealer headed to prison for seven years .
Before he goes Monty Brogan has twenty - four hours to say goodbye , and he spends most of them coming to grips with his father and friends while venting his anger and frustration at the path he 's taken .
Anyone who 's seen it will particularly remember Brogan 's massive tirade against New York , America and everyone in it .
" Fuck you all , " says Monty Brogan as his anger pours out of the screen .
It 's Lee 's most compelling and thoughtful film , one that puts a new spin on the types of choices we 're all faced to make .
You 'll identify with Monty Brogan , or you would have , if the movie had gotten enough attention to talk people into seeing it .
A little movie like this needs support from critics and awards givers and somehow , 25th Hour never really got it .
InEdward Norton gives what is perhaps the best performance of his career in what is easily one of the best movie's of Spike Lee 's filmography .
Norton plays a convicted drug dealer headed to prison for seven years .
Before he goes Monty Brogan has twenty - four hours to say goodbye , and he spends most of them coming to grips with his father and friends while venting his anger and frustration at the path he 's taken .
Anyone who 's seen it will particularly remember Brogan 's massive tirade against New York , America and everyone in it .
" Fuck you all , " says Monty Brogan as his anger pours out of the screen .
It 's Lee 's most compelling and thoughtful film , one that puts a new spin on the types of choices we 're all faced to make .
You 'll identify with Monty Brogan , or you would have , if the movie had gotten enough attention to talk people into seeing it .
A little movie like this needs support from critics and awards givers and somehow , never really got it .
Open Range ( 2003 )
The Western has been dead since Lonesome Dove and shows no sign of returning .
When they 're attempted we tend to instantly dismiss them , and usually with good reason , as yet another carbon copy of the hundreds of Westerns which have come before .
Maybe that 's why so much of the world missed out on Open Range , easily the best Western since Unforgiven and perhaps even worthy of being listed as one of the best ever made .
Opening with a beautiful and irresistibly realistic portrayal of trail riding life , Open Range eventually morphs into a balls to the wall , shoot - em - up save the town flick .
It 's the chemistry between Kevin Costner and Robert Duvall that sells it , their interplay coming easy and slow , with a sometimes humorous and sometimes touching chemistry that would normally seem impossible to achieve with two such staunchly stoic characters .
I suppose it also does n't hurt that Duvall blows a guy to hell through a wall , with the rumbling blast of a killer shotgun .
It 's a visually stunning , gripping film .
One which probably deserves to have been seen on the big screen , but since you missed that , just make sure you see it .
The Western has been dead sinceand shows no sign of returning .
When they 're attempted we tend to instantly dismiss them , and usually with good reason , as yet another carbon copy of the hundreds of Westerns which have come before .
Maybe that 's why so much of the world missed out on , easily the best Western sinceand perhaps even worthy of being listed as one of the best ever made .
Opening with a beautiful and irresistibly realistic portrayal of trail riding life , eventually morphs into a balls to the wall , shoot - em - up save the town flick .
It 's the chemistry between Kevin Costner and Robert Duvall that sells it , their interplay coming easy and slow , with a sometimes humorous and sometimes touching chemistry that would normally seem impossible to achieve with two such staunchly stoic characters .
I suppose it also does n't hurt that Duvall blows a guy to hell through a wall , with the rumbling blast of a killer shotgun .
It 's a visually stunning , gripping film .
One which probably deserves to have been seen on the big screen , but since you missed that , just make sure you see it .
Spartan ( 2004 )
David Mamet 's films are usually an acquired taste but Spartan is a rare Mamet effort that works on slightly more accessible level .
Nameless special operations soldier played by Val Kilmer , at the forefront of a massive manhunt for a kidnapped VIP .
Who Kilmer is and just who it is that he 's hunting unfolds as a part of the events swirling around the film , never as a piece of obvious exposition that awkwardly lays things out for you .
Mamet never really explains anything and the movie just sort of happens as if we 've really stepped into the middle of something .
And since it 's a Mamet movie , yeah sometimes it 's talky .
But it 's also an action packed , gritty thriller .
An intense military puzzle which does n't wait around for you to figure out the answers and leaves you with plenty to ponder later .
David Mamet 's films are usually an acquired taste butis a rare Mamet effort that works on slightly more accessible level .
Nameless special operations soldier played by Val Kilmer , at the forefront of a massive manhunt for a kidnapped VIP .
Who Kilmer is and just who it is that he 's hunting unfolds as a part of the events swirling around the film , never as a piece of obvious exposition that awkwardly lays things out for you .
Mamet never really explains anything and the movie just sort of happens as if we 've really stepped into the middle of something .
And since it 's a Mamet movie , yeah sometimes it 's talky .
But it 's also an action packed , gritty thriller .
An intense military puzzle which does n't wait around for you to figure out the answers and leaves you with plenty to ponder later .
The Lookout ( 2007 )
Scott Frank 's brilliantly written and directed heist movie should have earned , at the least , an Oscar nomination for star Joseph Gordon - Levitt .
Instead , in part because it was released too early in the year to stick with Oscar voters and in larger part because it never received any real promotion , almost no one seems to realize it exists .
The Lookout stars Levitt as a young man with brain damage .
He 's not exactly stupid he just has trouble keeping things straight .
Through circumstance he finds himself involved in a complicated heist plot and things spiral out of control while Levitt tries to remember brush his teeth .
Jeff Daniels co-stars as a blind roommate and delivers one of the best visually impaired characters this side of Scent of a Woman .
But Gordon - Levitt is the film 's anchor and he 's stupendous in his portrayal of a former prom king reduced to disability assistance and a janitorial job at the bank after a reckless accident .
The heist plot is just the icing on the cake as Levitt 's Chris Pratt gets in over his head .
Scott Frank 's brilliantly written and directed heist movie should have earned , at the least , an Oscar nomination for star Joseph Gordon - Levitt .
Instead , in part because it was released too early in the year to stick with Oscar voters and in larger part because it never received any real promotion , almost no one seems to realize it exists .
stars Levitt as a young man with brain damage .
He 's not exactly stupid he just has trouble keeping things straight .
Through circumstance he finds himself involved in a complicated heist plot and things spiral out of control while Levitt tries to remember brush his teeth .
Jeff Daniels co-stars as a blind roommate and delivers one of the best visually impaired characters this side of .
But Gordon - Levitt is the film 's anchor and he 's stupendous in his portrayal of a former prom king reduced to disability assistance and a janitorial job at the bank after a reckless accident .
The heist plot is just the icing on the cake as Levitt 's Chris Pratt gets in over his head .
Eagle vs. Shark ( 2007 )
This is the movie Napoleon Dynamite wanted to be .
Funny and quirky but without the vicious hatred for its own characters that seems to seep throughout Jared Hess 's cult hit , Eagle vs.
Shark is a beautiful and delicate where Dynamite is clumsy and stupid , an awkward film about awkward people looking for someone .
It 's the performance of unknown New Zealand actress Loren Horsley that really carries it .
Lily is a completely magical character .
Shy and uncomplaining , Lily says little but somehow says everything .
Horsley makes her incredibly alive for a woman of so few words .
On the outside she 's a façade of almost painfully shy reserve , on the inside she burns with passion and bravery unmatched by any woman you 're likely to see in any other film .
This is the moviewanted to be .
Funny and quirky but without the vicious hatred for its own characters that seems to seep throughout Jared Hess 's cult hit , is a beautiful and delicate whereis clumsy and stupid , an awkward film about awkward people looking for someone .
It 's the performance of unknown New Zealand actress Loren Horsley that really carries it .
Lily is a completely magical character .
Shy and uncomplaining , Lily says little but somehow says everything .
Horsley makes her incredibly alive for a woman of so few words .
On the outside she 's a façade of almost painfully shy reserve , on the inside she burns with passion and bravery unmatched by any woman you 're likely to see in any other film .
The Woodsman ( 2004 )
It 's a testament to just how good The Woodsman is that everyone ignored it .
The topic is pedophilia and we 're not talking about some revenge fantasy in which a pedophile gets his due .
Instead it stars a pedophile and what 's more a nearly sympathetic one .
Kevin Bacon plays a man struggling with his own inner demons , as a recovering molester who served his time and now desperately wants to reintegrate into normal society .
But he 's at odds with himself , fighting to resist the urges inside him , his own lust for little kids .
It 's a compulsion .
one which he does n't want to give into but almost can't resist .
The Woodsman tackles its topic with unflinching determination , showing the true face of what is definitely a sickness , without in any way condoning it .
Bacon deserved and Oscar and the film deserved accolades , but awards givers and critics mostly refused to touch it , scared away by just how raw and real The Woodsman is .
Without anyone to champion it , most audiences never even heard about it , and so what may be Kevin Bacon 's greatest and most horrifying performance sits on a DVD somewhere , unwatched and underappreciated .
It 's a testament to just how goodis that everyone ignored it .
The topic is pedophilia and we 're not talking about some revenge fantasy in which a pedophile gets his due .
Instead it stars a pedophile and what 's more a nearly sympathetic one .
Kevin Bacon plays a man struggling with his own inner demons , as a recovering molester who served his time and now desperately wants to reintegrate into normal society .
But he 's at odds with himself , fighting to resist the urges inside him , his own lust for little kids .
It 's a compulsion .
one which he does n't want to give into but almost can't resist .
tackles its topic with unflinching determination , showing the true face of what is definitely a sickness , without in any way condoning it .
Bacon deserved and Oscar and the film deserved accolades , but awards givers and critics mostly refused to touch it , scared away by just how raw and realis .
Without anyone to champion it , most audiences never even heard about it , and so what may be Kevin Bacon 's greatest and most horrifying performance sits on a DVD somewhere , unwatched and underappreciated .
Grindhouse ( 2007 )
Grindhouse was the most fun to be had in theaters in a decade , so of course no one bothered to show up for it .
Audiences were confused by the premise and intimidated by the four or five hours necessary to sit through two movies back to back .
But those who took the plunge had a blast .
Sure Tarantino 's half , Death Proof , is talky and slow .
There 's a decent car chase , but he spends most of his running time wandering around the rural areas outside Austin with annoying coeds .
But the fake movie trailers shown during intermission are comedic gold and Robert Rodriguez 's zombie film , Planet Terror , is as insane and over the top as Tarantino 's movie is not .
It 's more than enough to compensate for Quentin 's inexplicable naval gazing .
He has a stripper with a machine gun leg !
What 's not to love ?
The real tragedy here is that it 's just not something you can properly experience at home on DVD .
Grindhouse is all about atmosphere , and you can't get atmosphere at home on your couch .
If you missed it in theaters , then you missed it .
was the most fun to be had in theaters in a decade , so of course no one bothered to show up for it .
Audiences were confused by the premise and intimidated by the four or five hours necessary to sit through two movies back to back .
But those who took the plunge had a blast .
Sure Tarantino 's half , , is talky and slow .
There 's a decent car chase , but he spends most of his running time wandering around the rural areas outside Austin with annoying coeds .
But the fake movie trailers shown during intermission are comedic gold and Robert Rodriguez 's zombie film , , is as insane and over the top as Tarantino 's movie is not .
It 's more than enough to compensate for Quentin 's inexplicable naval gazing .
He has a stripper with a machine gun leg !
What 's not to love ?
The real tragedy here is that it 's just not something you can properly experience at home on DVD .
is all about atmosphere , and you can't get atmosphere at home on your couch .
If you missed it in theaters , then you missed it .
The Weather Man ( 2005 )
Nic Cage 's complicated character study The Weather Man is downbeat and dejected , by design .
So maybe it 's understandable that no one showed up to see it .
Sure it's not the quick and easy gratification we 're used to but there 's something emotionally connected about Gore Verbinski 's movie .
Cage has taken a lot of crap for making , well , crap over this past decade .
But this is one of his true gems .
It 's the story of a weatherman named Dave , but not a meteorologist , who 's good at his job but finds no satisfaction in it .
He only spends two hours a day doing actual work , the rest is spent looking awkward and unimpressive while the real meteorologist figures out what Dave is supposed to say .
Sometimes people throw things at David .
His life is going badly and that 's just one of the symptoms .
Weirdly , it 's so downbeat it 's actually funny .
The jokes and the misery play off one another , amplified by the contrast between them .
At some point Dave 's unhappiness becomes so profound it becomes intentionally hilarious .
Nic Cage 's complicated character studyis downbeat and dejected , by design .
So maybe it 's understandable that no one showed up to see it .
Sure it's not the quick and easy gratification we 're used to but there 's something emotionally connected about Gore Verbinski 's movie .
Cage has taken a lot of crap for making , well , crap over this past decade .
But this is one of his true gems .
It 's the story of a weatherman named Dave , but not a meteorologist , who 's good at his job but finds no satisfaction in it .
He only spends two hours a day doing actual work , the rest is spent looking awkward and unimpressive while the real meteorologist figures out what Dave is supposed to say .
Sometimes people throw things at David .
His life is going badly and that 's just one of the symptoms .
Weirdly , it 's so downbeat it 's actually funny .
The jokes and the misery play off one another , amplified by the contrast between them .
At some point Dave 's unhappiness becomes so profound it becomes intentionally hilarious .
The Notorious Bettie Page ( 2005 )
In an era of sexual repression Bettie Page got out the whips and chains , but there 's more to her biopic than the kink you 've seen on posters flaunting the iconic pin-up .
Gretchen
Mol delivers an epic performance as Page , who , did n't really understand the impact her pictures had in a time when sexual repression and censorship fought with freedom .
She challenged the establishment , but almost inadvertently .
For Bettie , it was just a good time playing dress up .
The story of America 's first sex icon is compelling and yeah , of course , also sexy as hell .
But mostly it 's the story of a beautiful , purely innocent soul and a love for life which made her sometimes dark pinup pictures endure and end up on your bi-sexual girlfriend 's t- shirt .
Unfortunately awards voters overlooked Mol 's performance and , of course , general audiences were scared off by nudity .
Oh the irony .
In an era of sexual repression Bettie Page got out the whips and chains , but there 's more to her biopic than the kink you 've seen on posters flaunting the iconic pin-up .
Gretchen
Mol delivers an epic performance as Page , who , did n't really understand the impact her pictures had in a time when sexual repression and censorship fought with freedom .
She challenged the establishment , but almost inadvertently .
For Bettie , it was just a good time playing dress up .
The story of America 's first sex icon is compelling and yeah , of course , also sexy as hell .
But mostly it 's the story of a beautiful , purely innocent soul and a love for life which made her sometimes dark pinup pictures endure and end up on your bi-sexual girlfriend 's t- shirt .
Unfortunately awards voters overlooked Mol 's performance and , of course , general audiences were scared off by nudity .
Oh the irony .
Stardust ( 2007 )
Stardust was really weird , but knew it and seemed to have no problem poking fun at itself and the fantasy genre for just how strange it all is .
That wickedly sarcastic sense of fun made the story of a boy 's quest to save a fallen star ( which happens to be a woman ) with the help of unicorns and gay air pirates one of the most inspired bits of filmmaking in the last decade .
A lot of the credit has to go to director Matthew Vaughn who took an 80s story in the vein of Willow or The Dark Crystal and used his own sense of style to make a completely unique fantasy film .
So of course no one saw it .
As funny and engaging as the movie was , it proved too challenging for the average moviegoer .
Stardust was another flop .
Let 's hope Matthew Vaughn 's next movie , the equally inventive looking superhero movie Kick - Ass , fares better .
was really weird , but knew it and seemed to have no problem poking fun at itself and the fantasy genre for just how strange it all is .
That wickedly sarcastic sense of fun made the story of a boy 's quest to save a fallen star ( which happens to be a woman ) with the help of unicorns and gay air pirates one of the most inspired bits of filmmaking in the last decade .
A lot of the credit has to go to director Matthew Vaughn who took an 80s story in the vein oforand used his own sense of style to make a completely unique fantasy film .
So of course no one saw it .
As funny and engaging as the movie was , it proved too challenging for the average moviegoer .
was another flop .
Let 's hope Matthew Vaughn 's next movie , the equally inventive looking superhero movie , fares better .
Open Water ( 2003 )
Open Water is the exact opposite of almost every horror movie you 've seen lately .
A couple on holiday goes scuba diving and through accidental circumstances gets abandoned out in the ocean without a boat , all alone , with sharks circling around .
What follows is pure , gut - wrenching terror as they float together , waiting for death as sharks circle and clouds form and things go from bleak to certain doom .
It 's an exercise in stripped down restraint , almost the entire movie is spent on these two people .
It works because they seem so real , they 're any couple you 've known .
Maybe they 're you and your mate .
Open Water is Jaws on a much more intimate and personal level .
Its unflinching , uncompromising approach not only makes you afraid to go in the water , but makes you question all sorts of things about the way you spend whatever amount of time you have left on rock hard earth .
It 's the kind of movie Paranormal Activity was supposed to be , and was n't .
So of course no one saw it , preferring instead to watch the same horror movie over and over again , in which a large man with a knife chops off pretty girls ' heads .
is the exact opposite of almost every horror movie you 've seen lately .
A couple on holiday goes scuba diving and through accidental circumstances gets abandoned out in the ocean without a boat , all alone , with sharks circling around .
What follows is pure , gut - wrenching terror as they float together , waiting for death as sharks circle and clouds form and things go from bleak to certain doom .
It 's an exercise in stripped down restraint , almost the entire movie is spent on these two people .
It works because they seem so real , they 're any couple you 've known .
Maybe they 're you and your mate .ison a much more intimate and personal level .
Its unflinching , uncompromising approach not only makes you afraid to go in the water , but makes you question all sorts of things about the way you spend whatever amount of time you have left on rock hard earth .
It 's the kind of moviewas supposed to be , and was n't .
So of course no one saw it , preferring instead to watch the same horror movie over and over again , in which a large man with a knife chops off pretty girls ' heads .
Death at a Funeral ( 2007 )
It 's getting remade with Chris Rock in the lead but before you bother with the redo you owe it to yourself to catch the original , one of the funniest movies no one has ever seen .
Directed by the great Frank Oz , Death at a Funeral takes an ensemble cast and drops them into the funeral from hell .
There 's a blackmailing midget and a drugged out Alan Tudyk .
The body in the casket is n't the family 's beloved father and the oldest son is trying to keep it a secret .
Cranky uncles and insane family members abound .
The only reason you have n't already seen it and pronounced it one of your favorite movies is because , for some inexplicable reason , MGM never bothered to market it .
Even surprisingly few critics saw it .
There 's literally no way the remake can top it , so why settle for second best when you can pick up the original comedic insanity on DVD ?
It 's getting remade with Chris Rock in the lead but before you bother with the redo you owe it to yourself to catch the original , one of the funniest movies no one has ever seen .
Directed by the great Frank Oz , takes an ensemble cast and drops them into the funeral from hell .
There 's a blackmailing midget and a drugged out Alan Tudyk .
The body in the casket is n't the family 's beloved father and the oldest son is trying to keep it a secret .
Cranky uncles and insane family members abound .
The only reason you have n't already seen it and pronounced it one of your favorite movies is because , for some inexplicable reason , MGM never bothered to market it .
Even surprisingly few critics saw it .
There 's literally no way the remake can top it , so why settle for second best when you can pick up the original comedic insanity on DVD ?
Due to a hard lesson on the practical limitations of RAID arrays on my gaming rig , I found myself with an unexpected block of free time .
As I worked to shore things up , my thoughts eventually turned toward Batman : Arkham Asylum , and how I might improve my gaming experience by adding a little PhysX to my ATI system .
It was too much to buy into a full - fledged NVIDIA GPU , but I ’d heard of recent additions to the PhysX - compatible GeForce 9000 series –the 9400 GT and 9500 GT –both of which are available in PCI flavor .
“ PCI , ” I thought to myself , “ that sounds perfect !
I could use it alongside my CrossFireX configuration ! ” I decided to do some research on the idea , and the consensus offered by Google was that the PCI bus does not offer enough bandwidth to make hardware - accelerated PhysX viable .
I was disappointed , but it turned my thoughts towards PCI in general .
Why is this antiquated standard still so common in modern PC parts ?
What is PCI ?
PCI , short for Peripheral Component Interconnect , hit the mainstream in late 1994 .
It made its major debut in second - generation Pentium - class systems , but was soon adopted into the not - quite - dead - yet 486 market as well ( my dad actually has a 486 with PCI slots ) .
In simple terms , we ’re talking about a standard that became common fifteen years ago .
Relative to the pace of technology , that ’s ancient .
On technical specifications , PCI is simple : Consumer - grade PCI slots operate on a 32 - bit bus which run at 33.33MHz .
This gives the PCI bus a maximum transfer rate of 133 megabytes per second , but that ’s shared between every PCI device in the computer .
PCI Express
PCI Express 1.0 was introduced by Intel in 2004 to address the growing need for bandwidth that PCI was too old and too slow to provide .
PCI Express operates by creating “ lanes ” between the installed device and the controller .
Each lane represents a full - duplex data connection , and at the time of launch , each of these lanes carried 250 megabytes per second .
This means that a single x1 PCI Express slot offers nearly double the bandwidth of the entire PCI bus , and it is n’t even shared amongst other devices .
PCI Express was also designed to be highly scalable , offering slots configured with one lane ( x1 , 250 MB/s ) , four lanes ( x4 , 1000 MB/s ) , eight lanes ( x8 , 2000 MB/s ) , and 16 lanes ( x16 , 4000 MB /s ) .
On top of that , the spec was updated to v2.0 in 2007 to offer double those figures .
Essentially , this means that any computer purchased in 2007 or later has nearly four times PCI ’s bandwidth in every single PCI express lane .
Assuming you have a relatively high - quality enthusiast motherboard that offers a pair of x1 and x16 slots , that means the peak bandwidth of your PCI Express bus is 17,000 megabytes per second .
That is nearly 128 times the entire bandwidth of the PCI bus .
That begs the question :
Why would you even want to use PCI in a modern computer ?
It ’s old , it ’s slow , it ’s ugly , and PCI Express is far and away the superior option .
I took a stroll through Newegg , and I could not find a single consumer motherboard that does not have PCI slots — not even the high performance boards are pure PCI Express .
Frankly , I find it very dismaying that even $ 300 motherboard using the latest available chipsets are still anchored to a technology that ’s more than 15 years old .
Why is PCI still here ?
I ’ve taken to considering why motherboard vendors have a continued interest in providing antiquated PCI slots , and I ’ve reached this conclusion : Modern motherboards still have PCI slots because manufacturers simply have not demonstrated any effort to dump the old technology .
Industry standards are implemented on need and economy .
Firewire met a need , but Apple held onto the standard too tightly , and the standard proved too costly to broadly implement .
RDRAM had an incredibly high proposed bandwidth for its time , but it flopped because the manufacturing process made it too expensive .
PCI express , on the other hand , is cheap and abundant .
Therefore , we can only conclude that the adoption of PCI Express is being held back by add - in board vendors which have not been forced to seriously consider switching their PCI products over to PCI Express .
That will not happen until motherboard manufacturers , in turn , start dumping PCI slots on their highest - end boards to set the tone .
I ’d really like to see PCI Express take finally take hold of the mainstream but , to me , it looks like the final nudge that will fully seat PCI Express into its rightful throne has to come from the removal of that aging old bastard , PCI .
Two groups say 22 million missing Bush White House e-mails have been found , the Associated Press reports .
Update at 3:25 p.m. ET : The e-mails had been mislabeled and effectively lost , according to the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) and the National Security Archive ( NSA ) , which announced a final settlement of their lawsuits against the executive branch .
The 22 million e-mails were found or reconstructed from disaster recovery backup tapes .
The Obama White House will restore 94 calendar days from backup tapes .
CREW explains :
The dates for restoration were chosen based on email volume and external events because there simply was not enough money to restore all the missing emails .
In addition , the EOP will continue to provide CREW and the NSA with records documenting the missing email problem , the response of the Bush White House to that problem , and the options the Bush White House considered for preserving electronic records , but inexplicably rejected .
The NSA first sued the Bush White House in 2007 to recover 5 million missing e-mails .
CREW revealed in 2008 that the White House had discovered the problem in the fall of 2005 .
The lawsuits accused the Bush administration and the National Archives and Records Administration ( NARA ) of taking no action after it was revealed that millions of e-mails went missing from White House computer servers for 2½ years .
The Bush White House also knowingly kept using a broken system to preserve electronic records .
" We now know that many poor choices were made during the Bush Administration and there was little concern about the availability of e-mail records despite the fact that they were contending with regular subpoenas for records and had a legal obligation to preserve their records for the nation 's long term historical memory , " Meredith Fuchs , the NSA 's general counsel , said in a statement .
" We have been briefed on the system in use since the beginning of the Obama Administration and we believe that the system now in use fixes the significant problems with the prior system , including by capturing everything , properly categorizing the e-mails , and preventing unauthorized deletion . "
Read the terms of the agreement .
The Obama White House has already produced thousands of pages of documents relating to these issues .
CREW has posted them here .
( Updated by Michael Winter )
“ The Hurt Locker ” sweeps the National Society of Film Critics Awards
The National Society of Film Critics has bestowed another big awards win on the Iraq war thriller , “ The Hurt Locker , ” which wo n’t hurt its Oscar possibilities .
As with the two other most prestigious critics groups — the Los Angeles and New York film critics — the highly praised tale about a bomb disposal unit during the chaotic early days of the U.S. invasion won the group ’s best picture award scroll .
Ironically , according to Peter Knegt of Indiewire , the last time a single film swept the best picture prize from all three groups was when Curtis Hanson ’s outstanding “ L.A. Confidential ” managed the coup in 1997 .
It lost the Oscar to James Cameron ‘s sentimental and spectacular romantic melodrama , “ Titanic ” — one of the most widely disagreed with Best Picture winners in recent history .
With “ Avatar ” becoming a wide popular favorite and a gigantic hit , a repeat of this scenario is not outside the realm of possibility .
“ The Hurt Locker ” also won major prizes for director Kathryn Bigelow and star Jeremy Renner , who edged out Jeff Bridges , currently a favorite the win the Best Actor Oscar for “ Crazy Heart , ” as well as Nicolas Cage for “ Bad Lieutenant : Port of Call New Orleans . ”
For Best Supporting Actor , once again “ Inglourious Basterds ” break out bad guy Christoph Waltz took the top prize , with another former unknown , Christian McKay , getting the second largest number of votes from critics for “ Me and Orson Welles . ”
The best screenplay nod went to the Coen Brothers ’ ultra - dark black comedy , “ A Serious Man . ”
In something of an upset that , I ’m guessing , might not be repeated at the Oscars , Yolande Moreau , of the French language biopic “ Seraphine , ” beat Meryl Streep in “ Julie and Julia ” by one vote for Best Actress .
Once again , however , talk show host and comedian Mo’Nique added to a truly impressive number of wins with her work in “ Precious , ” taking yet another Best Supporting Actress prize .
You can see the complete list of winners at bottom of the Indiewire article I linked to above .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Police have forced back hundreds of protesters who tried to break through a perimeter fence at the UN climate summit venue in Copenhagen .
The Bella Centre , where the conference is taking place , has now been shut off , with no - one allowed to enter or leave .
Activists have been angered by lack of progress on a new climate deal and also by restrictions on access to the talks .
Meanwhile , African countries have softened their demands for climate finance from rich nations .
RICHARD BLACK'S EARTHWATCH
The African group reportedly gave the Ethiopian negotiator a real roasting about this at their routine morning meeting , because the proposal gives ground on some of the African bloc 's fundamental points
Read more from Richard Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi , speaking on behalf of all African nations , announced the move , which could remove a key obstacle in the talks .
" I know my proposal today will disappoint some Africans , " he said .
" My proposal scales back our expectation with respect to the level of funding in return for more reliable funding . "
In another development , Danish Environment Minister Connie Hedegaard has resigned as summit president .
She will be replaced by Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
Ms Hedegaard said the move was procedural , adding : " With so many heads of state and government having arrived , it 's appropriate that the prime minister of Denmark presides . "
However , behind the scenes there are said to be deep tensions between the Danish PM 's office and Ms Hedegaard 's department .
Stand - off Police detained at least 240 protesters as they marched to the summit across Copenhagen .
AT THE SCENE Malcolm Senior , BBC News , Copenhagen From out of the gloom , a few hundred protesters headed towards the UN conference centre .
They paused in front of the massed lines of police , blocks of concrete and metal fencing .
Then a female voice urged them to push past the police lines and on to the summit .
There was a surge and young people pushed hard against the lines .
The crush was obvious .
Some protesters squeezed through and climbed onto the roofs of parked vans .
The first one was urged to come down - he refused .
His riot policeman nemesis joined him on the roof , and threatened him with his police baton .
The protester ignored him , and a brief game of cat and mouse ensued .
Then the policeman hit him hard across the legs , and the protester slid down the windscreen onto the ground .
A couple of others followed suit , but no - one made it past the police ring .
The helicopter buzzed overhead .
The surge stopped .
The stand - off began .
The has been a tense stand - off between protesters and police following earlier clashes .
TV footage showed police using their batons on the crowd and some protesters wiping their eyes after being hit by pepper spray or tear gas .
Protesters and police officers were injured in the clashes .
As government ministers from around the world join the talks , Danish officials have cut the number of campaigners allowed in .
Thousands of would - be delegates have queued for hours to gain access to the conference venue - many unsuccessfully .
Those unable to take part on Wednesday included campaign group Friends of the Earth .
It said its delegates had arrived at the centre to find their badges were no longer valid .
Some campaigners said that after marching to the summit they would try to break in .
And sources told the BBC that UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown had been told that he could not leave the Conference Centre in Copenhagen for security reasons .
Mr Brown was due to hold a series of bilateral meetings at his hotel close to the conference centre .
Inside the conference , Wednesday 's " high - level " session , due to be addressed by prime ministers and other dignitaries , was delayed when several developing countries protested about procedural issues .
China said the process chosen by the Danish hosts " lacked transparency " .
Others complained that rewritten texts were being pushed through without proper consultation .
US - LED COPENHAGEN DEAL
No reference to legally binding agreement
Recognises the need to limit global temperatures rising no more than 2C above pre-industrial levels
Developed countries to " set a goal of mobilising jointly $ 100 bn a year by 2020 to address the needs of developing countries "
On transparency : Emerging nations monitor own efforts and report to UN every two years .
Some international checks
No detailed framework on carbon markets - " various approaches " will be pursued The BBC 's environment correspondent Richard Black says the summit has been plagued by claims from poorer countries that the Danes have tailored the shape of negotiations to suit the EU 's desired outcomes .
Delegates still have a huge number of fundamental issues to address before the summit finishes at the end of the week , our correspondent says .
These include the size of emissions cuts by developed nations , how finance should be raised and disbursed , and most fundamentally , whether a deal here should aim to keep the global temperature rise to 2C or 1.5C .
Draft text released to delegates and obtained by the BBC makes clear that the most important parts of any eventual deal have still to be decided .
Temperature targets are still in the text as alternatives , our correspondent says .
Proposed figures for emission cuts by developed nations - apart from the US - range from 15 % by the period 2013 - 2017 to 49 % by 2013 - 2020 .
The section on finance consists entirely of paragraphs in square brackets , meaning that none of it has been agreed , our correspondent adds .
Meanwhile , UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon has suggested that poor countries may have to give up their hope of getting immediate long - term financial commitments from richer countries .
The amount of aid rich nations will pay poorer ones to combat global warming has been one of the main stumbling blocks at the summit .
In an interview with the UK's Financial Times , Mr Ban said he did not think the exact amount was vital to the current deal .
" If they are not able to agree this time at Copenhagen , then there needs to be some initial arrangement .
This is a time when common sense , compromise and partnership should prevail , " he said .
US hopes Despite the difficulties , the White House says US President Barack Obama , who will join world leaders in Copenhagen later in the week , is confident of reaching a deal .
" The president believes that we can get ... an operational agreement that makes sense in Copenhagen , over the next few days , " spokesman Robert Gibbs told a briefing .
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who is already in Copenhagen , told reporters on Tuesday that it was a critical moment .
" This is a very important moment for the world , " Mr Brown said .
" It is possible that we will not get an agreement and it is also true that there are many issues to be sorted out .
But I am determined ... to do everything I can to bring the world together . "
More than 120 leaders will formally join the talks on Thursday , aiming to seal an accord by Friday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A non-religious Christmas celebration of comedy , science and music recorded live at London 's Hammersmith Apollo in December 2009 , hosted by comedian and humanist Robin Ince .
A non-religious Christmas celebration of comedy , science and music recorded live at London 's Hammersmith Apollo in December 2009 .
Stand - up comedian and humanist Robin Ince is joined by a host of leading lights from the world of science , including Richard Dawkins , Brian Cox , Simon Singh and Ben Goldacre , as well as musicians and top comedians from Mark Steel to Shappi Khorsandi .
Full line up :
Robin Ince , Richard Dawkins , Brian Cox , Mark Steel , Richard Herring , Shappi Khorsandi , Ben Goldacre , Simon Singh , Barry Cryer and Ronnie Golden , Robyn Hitchcock , Jim Bob and Baba Brinkman .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Guess what ?
It turns out that health insurance companies oppose healthcare reform and are spending millions of dollars to defeat it .
That would n’t be a big surprise except for the fact that healthcare reform is supposed to be a boon to the insurance industry , providing them with millions of new customers ( courtesy of an individual mandate that forces everyone to buy insurance ) .
So why are they fighting it ?
Matt Yglesias takes a stab at explaining :
The fact of the matter is that even though the new mandate / subsidy structure will give at least some insurers a bunch of new customers , the medium - run trajectory of reform is bad for private insurers .
Right now , insurers are largely shielded from competition and are almost 100 percent immune to needing to please their actual customers , getting to deal with HR bureaucracies instead .
In an Exchange - based world , individuals will be choosing from among several plans and insurers will be accountable to customers .
What ’s more , the principle that it ’s the government ’s job to make health care work will lead to pressure for further regulations and further squeezing of industry profit margins .
I think that ’s pretty much right , and I ’d add that community rating ( which requires insurers to charge everyone the same price ) will add to this pressure .
With risk adjustment taken away from insurance companies , they become purely administrative middlemen , and that ’s a dangerous thing to be .
Pure paper shufflers are a lot easier to compare to Medicare ’s administrative bureaucracy , and they wo n’t benefit from that comparison .
The political pressure for them to continually cut costs and profits will just keep growing .
On the other hand , this has always been the case , so why did the insurance industry play nice at first and only turn on the attack ads recently ?
Hypothesis 1 : It took them a while to figure this out .
I ’m skeptical of this .
Hypothesis 2 : They feared this all along , but figured the alternatives were even worse .
Now , however , they ’re starting to believe that they might be able to defeat healthcare reform completely , so they ’re throwing caution to the wind .
All the more reason for Democrats to get their act together and hammer out a compromise that can pass the House and the Senate .
Unfortunately , Josh Marshall rounds up some evidence here that Dems are stuck in their usual circular firing squad and are n’t making much progress , even though the differences between the House and Senate bills are , frankly , fairly minor .
But as a friend of mine likes to say , “ Republicans are evil and Democrats are idiots . ”
I sure hope they prove him wrong for once .
This month 's Copenhagen talks focused on the leading climate change culprit : carbon dioxide .
But reversing global temperature increases by reducing carbon emissions will take many decades , if not centuries .
Even if the largest cuts in CO2 contemplated in Copenhagen are implemented , it simply will not reverse the melting of ice already occurring in the most sensitive areas , including the rapid disappearance of glaciers in Tibet , the Arctic and Latin America .
So what can we do to effectively buffer global ...
As performed by Michael Edwards
In this humorous short story by Mark Twain , the ( obviously educated ) protagonist is pranked by a friend who tricked him into asking a certain Simon Wheeler about someone named Leonidas W. Smiley .
At the mention of the name , Simon rattles off into a painfully long and awful story about someone else who was named Jim Smiley , until the protagonist gets a chance to escape .
Twain was known for playing with dialects in his stories and I have ( badly ) switched up accents in the story to represent the monotonous , painful storytelling of Simon Wheeler .
The introduction to the story notes :
This is a story typical of American humor .
As William Lyon Phelps says , " The essentially American qualities of common - sense , energy , good - humor , and Philistinism fairly shriek from his [ Mark Twain 's ] pages . "
Full text available here .
MP3 Download : The Notorious Jumping Frog of Calaveras County by Mark Twain
Although Pullman openly described himself as an atheist , he denies His Dark Materials is anti-Catholic .
Rather it is a warning about what religion can do " when it gets its hands on the levers of power " .
Methods File
Hello , folks .
This is the semi-famous alt.suicide.holiday Methods File .
It contains information on many different ways to take your own life .
Some of them are serious , some of them are not .
Hopefully , you can see which is which by yourself , but I 'll try to mark them anyway .
This file will be posted on the third and seventeenth of every month .
It may take a while before it gets out to your site .
The early versions of this file were created and maintained by Michael Marsden , who unfortunately no longer has access to the Net .
After he left , the File sort of hung in a Limbo for a long time , in custody of a variety of people I can't remember ( if you at some time or other were a maintainer of the File , I 'd like to hear from you ) .
I think , but am far from sure , that Angela Watson ( a.k.a. Psycho Kitten ) was the last " official " maintainer , but I got the impression that she no longer is .
Anyway , I have dictatorially taken over the custodianship of the File .
If you want to complain , my email address is calle@lysator.liu.se .
Comments on the content of the file are welcome , generally speaking .
If your comments are of the kind " You should n't help people kill themselves , you should help them towards a better life instead " , you 're wasting your time .
I 've grown very tired of that debate , and will most probably no longer reply to mail with that general content .
The most basic difference in opinion between me and those who have mailed me telling me I 'm a monster , seems to be that they think that death is an inherently Bad Thing , while I do n't .
What follows is a not - so - slightly edited version of the last File posted by Mike Marsden .
The text 's " I " is Mike , my comments will be marked .
And so will mine .
( Ingvar Mattsson , HTML converter )
Mr Blair will be the highest profile person called by the inquiry A public ballot will be held for people wanting seats to watch Tony Blair 's appearance before the Iraq Inquiry .
Mr Blair , PM when Britain went to war with Iraq in 2003 , will appear at the central London hearing for one day , during the fortnight from 25 January .
Inquiry chairman Sir John Chilcot said there had already been " considerable interest " from people wanting seats .
He said there would be separate ballots for the morning and afternoon sessions of Mr Blair 's full - day appearance .
The Iraq inquiry is looking at UK policy in the run-up to the war and its aftermath and has already heard from various British officials - including Mr Blair 's former advisers and military representatives .
Travelling distances Mr Blair will be the highest profile person called when he appears .
Announcing the ballot , Sir John said : " There has been considerable interest from members of the public wanting to know how to get a seat for this particular hearing . "
We believe the fairest way to do this is to allocate seats by ballot
Sir John Chilcot
Ambassador queries Iraq ambition
Because some people would be travelling long distances , it was important to ensure " certainty " about whether they would get in or not , he added .
" We believe the fairest way to do this is to allocate seats by ballot . "
The exact date is not yet known but Sir John said to help people decide whether to enter the ballot , the panel had confirmed that it would be some time in the fortnight from 25 January .
The date will be announced on the inquiry website a week in advance - ballot forms are also available on the website .
' Need to be fair '
Mr Blair will appear for a full day - three hours in the morning and three in the afternoon - and two separate ballots will be held for both sessions to " maximise access " for people .
AT THE INQUIRY BBC World Affairs correspondent Peter Biles
We are still none the wiser about the exact date of Tony Blair 's appearance at the Iraq Inquiry .
But we do know it will be some time in the last week of January or the first week of February .
Officials of the Iraq Inquiry have said they will announce the date a week in advance .
The scramble for tickets will now begin .
The odds might be better of getting a Centre Court ticket at Wimbledon .
Only about 60 seats are reserved for members of the public at the Inquiry , and of these , a third are being set aside for bereaved families who lost loved ones in Iraq .
There is bound to be some frustration that the precise date of Mr Blair 's evidence is still to be confirmed .
Of all the evidence to be heard , it is Mr Blair 's testimony that is the most eagerly awaited .
A third of the seats have been reserved for the families of armed forces personnel and British civilians who died or went missing in Iraq , which will be allocated in a separate ballot .
Sir John added : " We 've met a number of families as part of our work and many have asked about this particular session .
We 've taken into account their views in making the arrangements and the need to be fair to all those with an interest in this process , including the witnesses . "
The ballot tickets are non-transferable so cannot be sold or given away as a present , the inquiry says .
Mr Blair 's former spokesman Alastair Campbell is due to be questioned by the inquiry panel next Tuesday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I keep seeing Rasmussen polls cited in the usual Republican outlets .
Maybe their selection bias really does represent the people likely to show up in next November 's mid-terms better than other polls .
But the discrepancy between their findings and everyone else 's seems to be widening , as the GOP keeps up its campaign to bring down this presidency .
Here 's Rasmussen 's Obama approval chart in the last half of 2009 :
Now , here 's the same graph , as reported by all the other polling outfits included in Pollster 's poll of polls :
See what I mean ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
In announcing subsidies for the nation 's pork industry , Argentine President Cristina Fernandez praised the sexual powers of — wait for it — pork .
" I did n't know that eating pork improved sexual ability , " Fernandez said after meeting with industry representatives , adding , " It is much more gratifying to eat some grilled pork than to take Viagra . "
Whoa .
First we found out bacon makes you smarter .
Now , it may also make you sexier .
Oh , bacon .
Is there anything you can't do ?
Fernandez went one better to say she can personally testify to pork 's abilities after conducting some field research with husband and former president , Nestor Kirchner , and some barbecued pork over the weekend .
" Things went very well , " she said .
" It could well be true . "
The sexy talk on pork was aimed at expanding the protein horizons of Argentina 's staunch beef - loving public .
Hey , Detroit , you should give this woman a call .
She knows how to get sales sizzling !
Pony Loves Bacon :
Questions ?
Comments ?
Write toponyblog@cnbc.com .
More from The Pony Blog : ponyblog.cnbc.com
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
If flippers were the poster children of the real estate boom , then nesters are becoming the icons of the new housing market .
" We saw a nesting reaction after 9/11 , but we 're seeing a stronger nesting reaction now , " said Bob Peterson , president of ABD Design / Build in Ft. Collins Colo .
People who have the money are fixing up what they have . "
A proportionally bigger share of the home construction dollar -- 20 % more during the first three quarters of 2009 compared with the same period last year -- now goes to home improvements , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
In October , remodeling spending increased 8.7 % compared with September to an annualized rate of $ 114 billion .
Jeff Hunt , vice president of Houston - based Brothers Strong remodelers , said that after a long slow period starting early last fall , his business took off .
" About Aug. 1 , all the stuff in our pipeline broke loose all at once , and since then we 've been so busy we can't see straight . "
Most of his projects are for nesters planning to stay .
" Many people consider buying to get more space but when they look at all the costs they figure it makes sense to stay put , " said Hunt .
" They say , " I like my house , my neighbors , the schools . '
Of course they do .
That 's why they bought the house in the first place . "
All many want is more space .
Like Kim and Sandy Sobieski , clients of Hunt in Cat Spring , about 50 miles west of Houston .
The semi-retired title company exec and his wife have plenty of room to expand , and they love their land .
" We have 65 acres and we did n't want to give that up just to buy a bigger house , " said Kim Sobieski .
Hunt 's company converted Sobieski's garage to an entertainment room and finished out its second floor .
He also built a new garage and updated the kitchen , doubling its size .
The job , which included a new roof , cost about $ 300,000 and added 1,500 square feet .
" It 's very upscale , very nice , " said Sobieski .
" It 's got a whole big room just dedicated to my wife 's quilting . "
Signs of life
Projects like the Sobieskis are happening all around the nation , helping to push the latest National Association of Home Builders ' ( NAHB ) Remodeling Market Index higher during the last quarter .
Perhaps even more significant , NAHB 's future index also jumped , indicating that home re-modeler confidence has strengthened .
" The phones are ringing more , " said Rose Quint , an economist with the NAHB .
" That 's led to a nice increase in the future indicator . "
Both indexes , however , still languish below the 50 mark , the dividing line between optimism and pessimism .
Contractors are seeing things improving , but they have n't made the leap to optimism , yet , perhaps because it 's been hard to convert increased inquiries into actual work .
" Some remodelers are receiving more calls for bids , but it 's still extremely difficult to close a sale , " said Greg Miedema , a Tucson , Ariz . - based remodeler .
The industry may be slack because most buyers remodel when they purchase their new home , and home sales are down about 30 % from their peak .
And there are fewer people who can afford to upgrade their existing homes .
But those who can , " They say , ' If I 'm going to stay here another five or 10 years , I 'm going to have it the way I want , ' " said Miedema .
The long run
And , in many areas of the country , it 's more cost efficient to remodel than trade up .
In northern Colorado , for example , many people long ago settled into their 20 - to 50 - year - old houses on the kind of large lots that are hard to find these days .
" Many of these houses are just are not as reasonably available anymore , " said Peterson .
" Figure in land acquisition and development costs and fees and you can see the expenses are driving people to remodel . "
An added incentive spurring remodeling is the $ 1,500 federal tax credit for home improvements that raise energy efficiency .
Jobs involving replacement windows and doors , heating and air conditioning systems , new roofs and adding insulation all can qualify .
Susan Marvin , president of Marvin Windows and Doors , said that the proportion of replacement windows her company sells versus windows for new home construction has flip - flopped .
" Our replacement window line has outperformed our line meant for the new construction market , " she said .
" Replacement window sales are up by double digits , and the new construction windows are down by double digits the past few years . "
Tight credit
Nester - remodeling might be even stronger , according to Peterson , if home improvement loans were easier to come by .
" Financing is still very tough , " he said .
" Nearly all my clients are paying cash . "
Perhaps because of that , more people are remodeling their homes in phases .
Instead of one big remodel covering the kitchen , both baths and opening up the living space all at once , for example , they opt to do just the kitchen at first .
Then next year , they may finish the job .
As a result , Peterson is getting more jobs , but the average job is much smaller .
" Instead of 50 projects this year , we 'll do 70 or 80 , " he said .
" But the average price is down to $ 40,000 . "
Slow progress
Most industry observers agree that remodeling activity probably bottomed this year .
Kermit Baker , chief economist for the American Institute of Architects and Senior Research Fellow at Harvard University 's Joint Center for Housing Studies , does n't think the home improvement industry will show substantially higher volume until early 2010 .
Falling or weak home prices , near record levels of foreclosures , and other distressed sales are discouraging households from undertaking nonessential remodeling projects , he said .
" When home prices are declining , there 's not as much opportunity -- or inclination -- to do that , " said Baker .
He added that for remodeling to come fully back , home sales must come back strong .
" Nothing would help the industry more than a return to 6 to 7 million home sales a year , " he said .
President Barack Obama called in Tuesday to WTOP Radio ’s “ Ask the Governor ” show with Democratic National Committee Chairman / Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine .
Obama wanted to congratulate Kaine for his time as governor .
Obama was introduced on the program as “ Barry from D.C. , " a man who wanted to complain about Northern Virginia traffic .
" Mark Segraves and the governor 's staff have been working on this for four months , " said WTOP News Director Mike McMearty .
" We thought it might happen , and today we got a strong thumbs up from [ the White House ] and tried to work out the logistics of how it would work . "
McMearty says it was Obama 's idea to call himself " Barry from D.C . "
Kaine " was genuinely stunned , " said McMearty .
" He 's about the only guy " in the studio " who did n't know . "
Obama was one of several VIPs who called in to thank Kaine .
Others included Virginia Gov.-elect Bob McDonnell , musician Bruce Hornsby , Rep. Gerry Connolly ( D - Va. ) and Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley .
Researchers at Ghent University in Belgium have etched a tiny world map–on a scale of 1 trillion — on to a optical silicon chip .
They reduced the earth 's 25,000 - mile circumference at the equator down to 40 micrometers or about half the width of a human hair to fit it on the chip .
The map is put in a corner of a chip designed for a project at the University 's Photonics Research Group .
The idea is to successfully demonstrate scale reduction so complex optical functions can be included in a single chip .
Such a chip could find applications in telecommunications , high - speed computing , biotechnology and health care .
The world map was defined on a silicon photonics test chip using 200 mm processing .
The smallest features resolved on the map are about 100 nanometer .
The fabrication consisted of a 30 - step process and involved creation of four different layers with differing thicknesses , each of which had to be created separately .
Photonics involves generation , modulation , transmission and processing of light .
Silicon photonics technology is an emerging area of research that integrates optical circuits onto a small chip .
Light can be manipulated on a submicrometer scale in tiny strips of silicon called photonic wires .
These silicon photonic circuits can pack a million times more components when compared to the glass - based photonics available currently , say the researchers .
The circuits developed on this chip carrying the world map were used to demonstrate photonic wires with the lowest propagation losses .
Photo :
The small world as seen through an optical microscope .
The different colors are caused by interference effects in the different layer thicknesses of the silicon ( Photonics Research Group at Ghent University )
BRITAIN'S new drugs czar has claimed that cannabis can make dub reggae enjoyable for white people .
Professor Les Iversen said the drug should be legalised if only to help middle - class caucasians get the most out of Lee ' Scratch ' Perry , King Tubby and I - Roy .
He added : " I 'm just saying that , objectively speaking , most white people find it difficult to elevate their understanding of reggae beyond One Love and maybe a spot of Aswad .
" Yes , they may be aware of Burning Spear , but they wo n't have actually heard him .
They 're not naturally receptive to dub in the same way a labrador has no natural affinity with grapefruit .
" But the consumption of cannabis , even poor quality ' soap bar ' with bits of clear plastic in , turns those initially mystifying layers of reverb and delay into a goose - down musical mattress on which white people will luxuriate for hours and hours as they drift ever deeper into a warm , profound meditation which will leave them feeling genuinely touched by the hand of Jah .
" I would imagine . "
But Conservative backbencher Julian Cook said : " I like a bit of UB40 in the car on a nice day , and I also quite liked that one by Chaka Demus and Pliers , but that 's absolutely as far as I , or anyone else , needs to go in terms of bass - heavy music .
" I certainly would n't want my son or daughter listening to hours of similar - sounding instrumentals with names like ' Version 4 ' while they nod their head like a well - toasted Churchill insurance dog . "
He added : " Would someone please tell me what 's wrong with a nice glass of sherry ? "
Create a KVM - based virtual server
Three steps to build a virtual server on a Linux VM hypervisor with full virtualization
Join the green groups on My developerWorks Discuss topics and share resources about energy , efficiency , and the environment on the Green computing group on My developerWorks .
The Linux Kernel - based Virtual Machine ( KVM ) is free , open source virtualization software for Linux based on the Intel VT - X and AMD - V hardware virtualization extensions and a modified version of QEMU ( work is underway to get the required changes upstream ) .
KVM — in the form of kvm.ko , a loadable kernel module that provides the core virtualization infrastructure and processor - specific modules kvm-intel .
ko and kvm-amd .
ko — is designed to enable full hardware emulation as far as needed to boot many PC operating systems in unmodified form .
Using KVM , you can run multiple virtual machines that themselves are running unmodified Linux or Windows ® or Mac OS ® X images .
Each virtual machine has private virtualized hardware such as a network card , disk , graphics adapter , etc .
For this article , I used an IBM ® Blade Server HS21 with SUSE 11 as the operating system .
The HS21 supports the Intel VT extension and the kernel version of SUSE 11 is 2.6.27.13 , which already contains KVM ( KVM is included in Linux kernel versions from 2.6.20 ) .
The three main steps to get your virtual server going are :
Install the operating system and required software .
Create the virtual server .
Configure the virtual server network .
Step 1 .
Install the OS and required software
This section covers :
Installing the operating system and required software Determining whether the CPU supports KVM Making sure the software is installed correctly
Install operating system and software
After you install the operating system , you can find the installed version of the Linux kernel with the following command :
kvm : ~ # uname -a Linux kvm 2.6.27.13-1- pae # 1 SMP 2009-01-27 13:41:16 +0100 i686 i686 i386 GNU / Linux
Then select and install the kvm and kvm - kmp - default packages ( which already include a modified QEMU for I /O hardware emulation ) .
As shown in Figure 1 , select these packages and click Accept to install them :
Figure 1 .
Finding the installed kernel
Now , the kvm-kmp - default version should be 78_2.6.27.13_1-11.3 .
( 78 is the KVM version , and the rest of the information indicates the kernel version . )
A typical KVM installation consists of these components :
A device driver for managing the virtualization hardware ; this driver exposes its capabilities via a character device / dev/kvm
A user - space component for emulating PC hardware ; currently , this is handled in the user space and is a lightly modified QEMU process
The I/O model , which is directly derived from QEMU 's model with support for copy - on - write disk images and other QEMU features
Determine whether the CPU supports KVM
KVM depends on the x86 virtualization extensions .
To check for compatibility , run the command grep vmx / proc / cpuinfo ( on AMD , run the command grep svm / proc / cpuinfo ) .
If the output is similar to Listing 1 , then the CPU supports KVM ; otherwise , your CPU does not support KVM .
Listing 1 . Checking CPU for KVM support
kvm : ~ # grep vmx / proc / cpuinfo flags : fpu vme de pse tsc msr pae mce cx8 apic sep mtrr pge mca cmov pat pse36 clflush dts acpi mmx fxsr sse sse2 ss ht tm pbe lm constant_tsc arch_perfmon pebs bts pni monitor ds_cpl vmx est tm2 ssse3 cx16 xtpr dca lahf_lm flags : fpu vme de pse tsc msr pae mce cx8 apic sep mtrr pge mca cmov pat pse36 clflush dts acpi mmx fxsr sse sse2 ss ht tm pbe lm constant_tsc arch_perfmon pebs bts pni monitor ds_cpl vmx est tm2 ssse3 cx16 xtpr dca lahf_lm flags : fpu vme de pse tsc msr pae mce cx8 apic sep mtrr pge mca cmov pat pse36 clflush dts acpi mmx fxsr sse sse2 ss ht tm pbe lm constant_tsc arch_perfmon pebs bts pni monitor ds_cpl vmx est tm2 ssse3 cx16 xtpr dca lahf_lm flags : fpu vme de pse tsc msr pae mce cx8 apic sep mtrr pge mca cmov pat pse36 clflush dts acpi mmx fxsr sse sse2 ss ht tm pbe lm constant_tsc arch_perfmon pebs bts pni monitor ds_cpl vmx est tm2 ssse3 cx16 xtpr dca lahf_lm
Determine that the software is successfully installed
Run the command lsmod | grep kvm to check whether the KVM module is installed successfully .
If the result is similar to this output , then the KVM module is installed successfully :
kvm : ~ # lsmod | grep kvm kvm_intel 42604 0 kvm 150264 1 kvm_intel
Step 2 . Create the virtual server
This section covers :
Creating the raw disk image Installing the OS on this image Firing up the virtual server
Create a raw disk image
To create a raw disk image , use this command :
dd if=/dev/zero of=/mnt/kvmtest.img bs=1024 count=0 seek = $ [ 10*1024*1024 ]
With this command , you 'll create a 10 GB image with the name of kvmtest.img .
Install the operating system on this image
To get the operating system installed on this image , use this command :
/usr/bin/qemu-kvm -hda /mnt/kvmtest.img - boot d - cdrom /mnt/ SLES-11-DVD-i586-RC3-DVD1.iso -m 1024
Since you 're installing a KVM package and not building KVM yourself from source , you can use qemu - kvm but not qemu-system - x86_64 .
- boot d means we will make the virtual server boot from the CDROM .
-m 1024 means we specify 1GB memory for the virtual server .
After running this command , the operating system installation screen should look like Figure 2 :
Figure 2 . The OS installation screen
Next , install the operating system as you normally would .
Now , fire up your virtual server
After the operating system is successfully installed , you can start the virtual server with this command :
/usr/bin/qemu-kvm -hda /mnt/kvmtest.img -m 1024
Your server should run just like a normal server running on the physical hardware .
Step 3 . Configure the virtual server network
You 've now seen how to successfully create a virtual server , but not the network for the virtual server .
Now I 'll show you how to create a bridge network for the virtual server :
Installing the bridge - util package Creating the bridge network interface Creating the script for network control Starting the guest operating system network Configuring the guest operating system network
The bridge - util package install
We need to create a bridge network , so we need to install the bridge - util package in the software management section of the operating system .
Figure 3 shows where to select and install the package .
Figure 3 .
Installing the bridge - util package
Build the bridge network interface
In the network configuration screen of the operating system , click Add a new network interface ( see Figure 4 ) :
Figure 4 .
Adding a new network interface
You should get a Hardware Dialog as shown in Figure 5 :
Figure 5 .
The hardware dialog for new network interface
Choose the Bridge device type ; click Next to continue the network configuration .
You 'll see the configuration screen shown in Figure 6 :
Figure 6 . Network configuration screen
Choose eth0 under " Bridged Devices " and configure a static IP for the bridge interface , which is the same configuration of eth0 ( see Figure 7 ) .
Figure 7 .
Configuring a static IP for the bridge interface
After you do that , the eth0 configuration will be cleared , so click Next to continue , and you are back to the network configuration screen .
You can see a new bridge network interface has been created and the eth0 configuration is cleared .
Build the network control script
The content for a network control script should look something like Listing 2 :
Listing 2 . Network control script
#!/bin/sh set -x switch=br0 if [ - n " $ 1 " ] ; then tunctl -u `whoami` -t $ 1 ip link set $ 1 up sleep 0.5s brctl addif $ switch $ 1 exit 0 else echo " Error : no interface specified " exit 1 fi
Start the guest operating system
Start the guest operating system with a network interface using the command :
/usr/bin/qemu-kvm -hda /mnt/kvmtest.img -m 1024 - net nic , macaddr=52:54:00:12:34:56 - net tap , script=/etc/qemu-ifup
You 'll specify a network interface when you start the virtual server .
Configure the guest operating system network
After the guest operating system is booted , configure its network as you would normally .
Congratulations !
You 've successfully created a virtual server built on KVM .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
( CNN ) -- Miep Gies , who ensured the diary of Anne Frank did not fall into the hands of Nazis after the teen 's arrest , has died .
She was 100 .
Gies was among a team of Dutch citizens who hid the Frank family of four and four others in a secret annex in Amsterdam , Netherlands , during World War II , according to her official Web site , which announced her death Monday .
She worked as a secretary for Anne Frank 's father , Otto , in the front side of the same Prinsengracht building .
The family stayed in the secret room from July 1942 until August 4 , 1944 , when they were arrested by Gestapo and Dutch police after being betrayed by an informant .
Two of Gies ' team were arrested that day , but she and her friend , Bep Voskuijl , were left behind -- and found 14 - year - old Anne 's papers .
" And there Bep and I saw Anne 's diary papers lying on the floor .
I said , ' Pick them up ! '
Bep stood there staring , frozen .
I said , ' Pick them up !
Pick them up !'
We were afraid , but we did out best to collect all the papers , " Gies said in a 1998 interview with The Anne Frank House in Amsterdam .
" Then we went downstairs .
And there we stood , Bep and I .
I asked , ' What now , Bep ? '
She answered , ' You 're the oldest .
You hold on to them .
So I did . "
The girl had chronicled two years of the emotions and fears that gripped her during hiding , as well as candid thoughts on her family , her feelings for friend - in - hiding Peter van Pels , and dreams of being a professional writer .
Mixed into the entries were the names of the Dutch helpers , who risked their lives to keep the family 's secret .
" I did n't read Anne 's diary papers .
...
It 's a good thing I did n't because if I had read them I would have had to burn them , " she said in the 1998 interview .
" Some of the information in them was dangerous . "
The diary was sheltered in Gies ' desk drawer and later turned over to Otto Frank when he returned after the war as the only surviving resident of the annex .
Anne died at northern Germany 's Bergen - Belsen concentration camp in 1945 .
Her father published her diary , titled " The Secret Annex , " in 1947 .
Despite the legendary hardship she endured during the German occupation , Gies never embraced the label of a hero .
" More than 20,000 Dutch people helped to hide Jews and others in need of hiding during those years .
I willingly did what I could to help .
My husband did as well .
It was not enough , " she says in the prologue of her memoirs , " Anne Frank Remembered : The Story of the Woman Who Helped to Hide the Frank Family . "
" There is nothing special about me .
I have never wanted special attention .
I was only willing to do what was asked of me and what seemed necessary at the time . "
Gies ' husband , Jan , whom she married in 1941 , died in 1993 .
The couple had a son together .
Langford Home  Miscellany & Lists  Fan Stuff Index
" The Eye of Argon " by Jim Theis was published in 1970 in OSFAN , the journal of the Ozark SF Society , issue number 10 .
Photocopies – invariably with the last page missing – circulated for decades among science fiction fans , and it became a regular sf convention challenge to read the story 's mangled prose with a straight face .
Jim
Theis himself , who was 16 when he wrote and submitted " The Eye of Argon " , and just 17 when it first appeared , died in 2002 at the age of 48 .
He will be long remembered in sf fandom .
Further reading : Interview with Jim Theis ( OSFAN # 13 , 21 November 1970 ) .
 Darrell Schweitzer , " One Fine Day in the Stygian Haunts of Hell : Being the Whole Truth About the Fabled ' The Eye of Argon ' . "
( Fantasy Review 10:6 , July / August 1987 ; reprinted in his essay collection Windows of the Imagination , 1997 , with the changed subtitle ' Being the Lore and Legend of the Fabled ' The Eye of Argon ' " ) .
 David Langford , " Bottom of the Barrel " ( SFX # 43 , October 1998 ) .
 Lee Weinstein , " In Search of ' The Eye of Argon ' " ( The New York Review of Science Fiction # 195 , November 2004 ) , " In Search of ' The Eye of Argon ' : a Postscript " ( The New York Review of Science Fiction # 198 , February 2005 ) and " In Search of Jim Theis " ( introduction to 2006 book edition ) .
 Wikipedia entry .  David Langford with Sandra Bond , " A Short History of ' The Eye of Argon ' " ( Banana Wings 41 , March 2010 )
 The Digital Text .
This site 's web - friendly version was converted by David Langford from the standard ASCII text of the story , widely available on line .
The original transcription and Transcriber 's Note are by Don Simpson .
Internal artwork has been added from page scans – see " PDF Facsimile " below .
 The Long - Lost Ending .
In the January 2005 issue of The New York Review of Science Fiction it was revealed that a complete copy of OSFAN # 10 had been unearthed in the Jack Williamson SF Library at Eastern New Mexico University .
Thanks to the collection administrator Gene Bundy , the missing half - page of text – transcribed by Lee Weinstein – appeared at last in NYRSF # 198 , February 2005 , and has been inserted into the above - linked text .
David Langford has since slightly corrected the layout and ( mis ) punctuation of this ending – though not of the entire story – after comparison with the original .
 MST3K commentary .
Mystery Science
Theatre 3000 , a tv programme devoted to sarcastic commentary on bad films , was definitely an acquired taste .
" The Eye of Argon " hardly needs this treatment to make it funny , but the link is included for the masochists among us .
 Book Edition ( 2006 ) .
John Betancourt of Wildside Press published this trade paperback of the complete text , including the recently discovered ending and an introduction by Lee Weinstein .
Here 's the cover image in Sean Wallace 's LiveJournal , which with a curious inevitability misspells the author 's name .
An earlier book edition from Hypatia Press mysteriously listed the author not as Jim Theis but as G. Ecordian ( Grignr the Ecordian , the story 's hero ) .
 PDF Facsimile ( 2009 ) .
Sandra Bond acquired a rare intact copy of OSFAN # 10 and – " thanks to a session with Alice Dryden 's scanner " – very kindly provided JPEG images of " The Eye of Argon " in its original form .
Besides the story itself , these scans include the fanzine 's front and back cover and a full - page piece of art which might conceivably have been intended to illustrate the story .
The PDF Facsimile link at the start of this paragraph gives a roughly 9Mb reduced version suitable for reading on screen .
This prints reasonably well , but if higher print quality is required there 's also a 31 Mb unreduced PDF here .
Some illegibly faded patches on page 32 , where the duplicator ink - flow faltered at the stygian immensity of its task , have been repaired by an intricate process of copy - and - paste .
Here is Sandra 's suitably worded covering note when copying the images to Langford for PDF conversion :
" Do what thou wilt with them , for they are palimpsests of an earlier time than this , when warrier barbarians wandered abroad on the earth with no mind to the future or to what we laughingly call civilisation . "
Quoth Grignr to the wench who delivered a sigh of pathos .
" But stay , " Interjected Carthina bustily .
" Would it not be wise to give credit to those whose talents commingled to form a melange of skill that gave birth to this epic tale and to the fanzine that went forth to display the story to the assembled and wandering multitudes of readers ? "
" Aye , that it would , " rejoindered Grignr .
" So let it be known that OSFAN 10 was edited by Chester H. Malon Jr and Sally D. Watson , yet was it published by Douglas O. Clark .
Furthermore I vouchsafe , that Charles Prokopp drew the cover which graced the fanzine , whilst the pen of Francis X. N. Weyerich limned the full page that precedes the saga , and the back cover which follows hard upon its heels .
And verily did Jay T. Rikosh create the five illustrations to the epic itself , of which I must give greatest place to the stout calliph on page 32 who doth appear to be smoking a big fat joint . "
But the whilst Grignr was delivering this catalog of credits , the wench had made good her getaway and left the barbarian standing alone ...
 Variorum Notes
Don Simpson writes : " As the person responsible for the original ASCII transcription of The Eye of Argon ( and author of the Transcriber 's Note ) it is my embarrassed duty to point out my errors .
Known errors to date ( 29DEC2009 ) are listed below . "
These corrections -- not included in the Hypatia Press or Wildside Press book editions -- have been incorporated into the digital text but are noted here as a record of curious interest to scholars .
Addenda by David Langford are signed [ DRL ] .
Close your eyes .
I took four pages of notes during last night 's Celtics loss to the Magic .
Mostly it 's really boring stuff .
But there 's one thing in all caps , and underlined : VINCE CARTER SUCKS .
I 'm not talking about the man .
I have met him , and found him to be amazingly nice .
I have talked to his mom , his high school coach and all kinds of other people .
Nothing wrong with that guy .
I 'm talking about his play last night .
His defense was OK , but on offense he almost killed the Magic single - handedly .
It 's hard to remember any player have a worse game .
Where to begin ?
How about at the beginning ?
Some moments of Vince Carter 's night :
Right out the gate , the Magic get an offensive rebound , and work the ball back to Carter , who seems determined to prove that he can score at will on Ray Allen .
He catches the ball , sizes up Allen and ... travels .
Moments later , the Celtics are called for defensive three seconds .
Carter shoots the technical .
And misses .
The Magic have not scored .
The next time he touches the ball , Carter drives past Ray Allen , and Paul Pierce comes to help .
Matt Barnes is in Carter 's field of vision , as open as NBA players ever get , standing all alone in the corner .
He is literally waving his arms in the air , calling for the ball .
Lacking any explosion or creativity , Carter instead takes one of the strangest options , for a double - teamed player .
He puts up a low - energy set shot , which misses badly .
The Magic still have not scored .
Dwight Howard still has not touched the ball ( and the Magic would n't score a field goal until Howard finally did have a play run for him ) .
The score is 10 - 3 when Carter drives slowly into the lane , draws a double , and throws up a hook shot .
Carter apparently did n't notice Howard under the hoop , who was so open he was able to get the offensive rebound without being touched .
Paul Pierce fouled Howard to prevent a wide - open dunk .
This establishes Carter 's main approach to getting a wide - open Howard the ball : Off the rim .
In the second quarter , Carter gets the dribbles lackadaisically , and Pierce easily pokes the ball away cleanly , only to have it go out of bounds .
This speaks to Carter 's energy level and provides a certain measure of foreshadowing .
Shortly after that , Carter runs a screen and roll with Marcin Gortat .
The Celtics , apparently working to the theory that Carter is going to keep shooting no matter what , trap Carter , leaving Gortat with a wide open lane to the rim .
He 's one shovel pass from a dunk ... but Carter wo n't give up the rock .
At a moment like this , Magic fans might be noticing that Hedo Turkoglu had one of his best games as a Raptor last night .
Halfway through the second quarter , Carter actually hits a shot !
A runner from the left side .
He would finish 2 - 13 from the field on the night .
Carter follows up that play by once again getting doubled on the pick and roll , and once again ignoring Gortat open by the rim .
In the third quarter , Vince Carter commits a fatal sin of basketball .
He drives into Ray Allen and Kendrick Perkins .
Meanwhile , it 's the moment the kids in the front row , the basketball gods , David Stern , Stan Van Gundy , Otis Smith , Aaron Goodwin , the people at Vitamin Water and adidas ... this is the moment everybody has been waiting for .
DWIGHT HOWARD IS ROLLING DOWN THE LANE WIDE OPEN !
( Somebody 's about to make Sports Center ! )
But ...
Carter keeps it , and puts up a lame reverse that Pierce quickly gathers up .
The Celtics are so unworried about Carter passing that by the time this shot actually goes up , all of the Celtics have collapsed on him .
Literally ever Magic teammate of Carter 's is wide open .
Seconds later , Carter goes into severe karmic debt as Barnes drives into the paint and kicks it out to an open Carter for a 3 .
If that guy in the third row had n't sneezed at just the right time , this would have been an airball .
The home crowd starts booing .
On the next possession , in response to the boos , Carter forces another shot -- this one with one leg kicked almost entirely out in front of him .
Somehow it goes in , for his second ( and last ) make of the night .
As the third quarter draws near a close , Carter and Barnes collide under the basket .
Barnes is fine .
Carter looks like he has been shot , and crumples to the floor , allowing his teammates to try to defend against the Celtics with just four players .
Eddie House hits a 3 .
Vince Carter goes to the bench for a long time , but not long enough for Magic fans .
Carter returns to the game with 1:21 left in the fourth quarter of a close game .
This is a bold call on Stan Van Gundy 's part .
There is no player in the building who has played with less energy .
But the play is for Carter .
He once again is doubled on the pick - and - roll .
Believe it or not , Howard is alone in the lane again , with room to dunk .
Carter keeps the ball , and has it knocked out of bounds .
The Magic change the play on the inbound , and call for Howard to catch it in the post -- it 's not nearly as good as catching it wide open on the run in the lane , but at least it 's a way to get their best player the ball .
Or ... is it ?
Before Carter can make the entry pass , he has the ball poked away by Rasheed Wallace .
It rolls toward midcourt .
Rondo beats
Carter there by about half an hour .
Carter jumps right on top of him .
A blatant foul , only Carter got there so late , that he is saved by the fact that Rondo has already called timeout .
Google Video
Thursday , January 8th , 2010
This is the movie that Pepsi and Coca Cola do n’t want you to see .
[ efoods ]
Aspartame can be found in thousands of products such as :
instant breakfasts
breath mints
cereals
sugar - free chewing gum
cocoa mixes
coffee beverages
frozen desserts
gelatin desserts
juice beverages
laxatives
multivitamins
milk drinks
pharmaceuticals and supplements , including over - the - counter medicines
shake mixes
soft drinks
tabletop sweeteners
tea beverages
instant teas and coffees
topping mixes
wine coolers
yogurt
Source : Mercola.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
While it 's easy to get overwhelmed by bills , a bankruptcy lawyer can ease your worries and help you get control of your financial future .
The Law Office of Michael Schwartz handles bankruptcy law cases in Southampton , Perkasie , Havertown , and all of Bucks County , PA .
We 'll show you the light at the end of the tunnel when it comes to your finances .
Call us today to schedule a free bankruptcy evaluation .
Southampton Foreclosure Defense And Bankruptcy Attorney
Unpaid bills and unmanageable debts can affect every aspect of your life .
Your work and family life suffer .
You face sleepless nights that can sap your spirits .
You live in constant fear that you will lose everything you have .
You do not have to live with these burdens .
The bankruptcy laws provide a means to ease financial pressures and obtain debt relief needed to achieve a new financial beginning .
At the Law Offices of Michael S. Schwartz , we work with our clients to restore their financial health through the bankruptcy system and alternatives to bankruptcy .
We use our experience and knowledge to work toward obtaining maximum debt relief for our clients .
Contact our offices today for a free consultation with a Havertown , Perkasie , or Southampton , Pennsylvania , bankruptcy lawyer .
Debt Relief And A Fresh Start
Attorney Michael S. Schwartz has been helping people in Bucks County , Delaware County , Montgomery County , Chester County and Philadelphia County obtain debt relief for more than 20 years .
He is respected by clients , bankruptcy trustees and creditors for his integrity , honesty and fair dealing .
Mr. Schwartz can review your situation and recommend the right solution for you .
For many of our clients , this is a Chapter 13 or Chapter 7 bankruptcy .
These can reduce or eliminate many types of debts , stop foreclosure and repossession , and give you the opportunity to restore your financial health .
We can also explore the possibility of a loan modification , a short sale or other alternatives to bankruptcy .
Our objective is to pursue the debt relief option that is right for you .
Achieving Financial Wellness
Although bankruptcy is not the right answer for everyone , a Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 bankruptcy can provide tremendous benefits for some .
We have found that our services are not simply about money — they are about financial wellness .
When collection calls and creditor harassment end and people are out from under the strain of immense debt , they are often surprised at the change in their lives .
With the stress and anxiety removed , they can once again look to the future with hope .
Let us put our experience to work for you .
Contact An Attorney Today
For a free consultation with the Law Offices of Michael S. Schwartz to discuss Ch 7 & 13 bankruptcy or another debt relief option , call 215-396-7900 .
You can also contact us online and a bankruptcy lawyer or staff member will be in contact with you .
We have offices in Southampton , Havertown and Perkasie to serve you .
Listen up fuckos , we ’re almost a decade in to the 21st century and it ’s time to start focussing on real problems .
We need to listen to Sir Hicks and sort out this food / air deal before debating the finer points of butthurt .
I ’m talking about this bit of nonsense .
KFC have sponsored Australian cricket since 2003 .
Unsurprisingly , their ads during the cricket have involved Australian players , bad jokes about cricket ( really bad jokes ) and obnoxious voice - overs of real footage .
That ’s corporate advertising for you .
Australians can instantly see that the ad is in no way racist .
Americans see black people and fried chicken together and their hackles immediately rise .
“ They have a tendency to think that their history is more important than that of other countries , ” says Brendon O’Connor , an associate professor at the University of Sydney .
This is n’t just an American problem however , butthurt remains a pressing concern in other hotspots of mental dissonance .
Take the response of some Muslims to the cartoons of Muhammad as an example .
People died over this image .
Or what about this flaming butthurt .
In the 2010 census US citizens will have the racial choice of “ Black , African Am. , or Negro , ” because “ there are still people who prefer to use it to identify themselves . ”
Sounds fair enough to me , but no !
“ I do n’t think my ancestors would appreciate it in 2010 , ” says Pamela Reese Smith , a 56 - year - old .
I struggle to draw meaning from this sentence .
Is she saying that the mouldy corpses of her ancestors , if dug up and asked their opinion , would not appreciate the use of the word ?
Or is she saying that , back when her ancestors were alive , if you ’d told them we ’d still be using the word negro in 2010 , they would n’t appreciate it ?
I really do n’t know and frankly I could n’t care less .
Why should we care about what some long - dead people think about a current situation ?
This is butthurt on behalf of the buried !
Even France is getting in on the collective insanity , with a proposed bill that would fine Muslim women 750 Euros for wearing the full veil in public .
This is plain wrong - thinking .
Fully - veiled women are instigators of butthurt for both the right ( ostensibly for ‘ security reasons ’ ) and the left ( as a symbol of Islamic oppression of women . )
But legislation against a facet of a culture that desperately requires integration is obviously not the way to go .
“ Not to mention that all it ’s likely to do is imprison the women in their own homes .
In the ‘ husband / father / family makes them wear the burka ’ scenario , it ’s highly unlikely that they will turn around and say ‘ oh fair enough !
Off you go , then , just take it off and pop on a nice pair of jeans and a sweater . ’ ” Kat Milazzo speaking truth .
This bullshit has to stop .
There are more important things to worry about than working out who is the biggest butthurt victim .
Everyone has their reasons for butthurt , all of them to do with past incidents – horrible genocides or mundane insults as they may be , allowing yourself to be offended is like pandering to self - pity and a sick sense of entitlement to self - pity .
Laugh it off .
Is n’t your own belief structure strong enough to withstand a cartoon , a word , a piece of clothing , bare skin , an emotion in someone else ’s head ?
It should be .
African - Americans turned the word nigger around , mostly .
What if black people started wearing swastikas ?
Would that simply be offensive to Jews ?
Or would Hitler perhaps not appreciate it in 2010 ?
Writing Multithreaded Code Is Like Juggling Chainsaws February 04 , 2008
Writing multithreaded code is like juggling chainsaws ; amazing when it works and truly sucky when it does n't .
Right now at my job I am writing the foundation for a transaction processing cluster in Java , so I 'm immersed in lots and lots of threads and interacting applications .
When you are processing 8000 of something per second , any problems in your approach or in your choice of frameworks is magnified .
In job interviews , a popular question is " what is the major problem you have to solve in writing multithreaded code ? "
Generally , if they have read a little about it , they often say " avoiding deadlocks " .
If they have done a bit of thread coding , maybe in Swing , they might say " protected shared data " .
Only the truly experienced in complex threaded coding will say " avoiding doing nothing " .
What 's so bad about nothing ?
Assuming you can avoid deadlocks ( generally not hard if you 're disciplined ) and understand when to protect data , when working in a complex high speed system you want to accomplish both of those basic requirements without slowing down the real work your threads are doing .
In a Swing app , so a couple threads block for a while , or even less of a problem is a few waiting around for something to happen .
In a large cluster of servers , having threads sitting around doing nothing is a waste of money .
If Google is processing millions of searches daily , and half of their cpu's capacity is basically blocked waiting for some resource , it costs a lot of money and power : instead of 50,000 servers you need 100,000 .
That a hefty price to pay for poor thread coding .
Sure , my company will probably only use 100 , and they could afford 200 servers , but why waste resources just to save a few brain cells .
For example , one of my trials used Jetty on one application , and Apache HttpClient on another .
With two worker threads on the HttpClient I was able to process my test transactions .
When I increased the worker threads to 7 , they fell behind ; at 10 it was almost dead in the water .
WTF ?
Doing some debugging ( with Yourkit Profiler , very nice ) the Jetty side was mostly sitting around waiting , but the worker threads in the other app were mostly blocking ( as much of 95 % of the cpu time ) .
Ah the joys of threaded coding .
The issue turned out to be a synchronized method in HttpClient that deals with Http Parameters , for each parameter for every call on every thread it would pass through this method , creating a common sync point for all the threads .
Something that might seem OK for a couple threads was fatal with 10 threads running full tilt at 1000 somethings per second .
The chainsaws can be really brutal .
I finally settled on a couple of technologies that work pretty well , on my developer PC ( 4 core Core Duo something ) I was handling 8000 somethings per second at about 85 % CPU .
That 's another sign of properly avoided nothing , if you slam your creation with unfettered requests and the CPU rises close to 80 - 95 % then you are seeing proper behavior .
In my HTTPClient test the CPU rarely got above 25 % ; mostly a lot of nothing was going on .
This was clear with Yourkit .
Nothing is not your friend .
Do n't stop coding when nothing is broken ; that 's only step one .
Multithreaded coding in a complex application requires a lot of discipline ( never assume anything , test everything ) , experimentation ( there is no one way to make it work ) and patience ( sometimes lots of negative problems lead you to see the solution ) .
It 's not easy and it's not quick ( never mind the project manager ) .
Then again neither is juggling chainsaws ; plus the downside is pretty nasty .
In terms of U.S. output contractions , the so - called Great Recession was not much more severe than the recessions in 1973 - 75 and 1981 - 82 .
Yet recovery from the latest recession has started out much more slowly .
For example , real GDP expanded by 7.7 % in 1983 after unemployment peaked at 10.8 % in December 1982 , whereas GDP grew at an unimpressive annual rate of 2.2 % in the third quarter of 2009 .
Although the fourth quarter is likely to show better numbers — probably much better — there are no signs of an explosive take off from the recession .
We ...
By Dan Canavan
This article first appeared on ctsportslaw.com on January 11 , 2010 .
Reprinted by permission .
All rights reserved .
Thirty - five years ago today , the Whalers played their first game in Hartford on January 11 , 1975 .
Somewhere in the then new Hartford Civic Center , Whalers founder Howard Baldwin was busy greeting fans , receiving accolades , and entertaining community leaders .
Baldwin had just uprooted his World Hockey Association squad from Boston , and moved the renegade Whalers to Hartford .
An enthusiastic and inquisitive crowd had packed the arena to cheer for the new “ home ” team , who had already won an Avco Cup two years earlier .
And by the time Don Blackburn scored the first goal in Hartford history at 11:21 into the first period , Baldwin was well on his way to establishing a Hartford legacy .
The Whalers , and big league hockey , had arrived .
Thirty - five years later , I had an opportunity to sit down with Howard Baldwin and reminisce about our favorite Whaler memories , muse over hockey lore , and reconfirm our belief in Hartford as a big league market , a belief that first inspired Baldwin back in 1973 .
“ It was the simplest deal I have ever done ” recalled Baldwin , his large youthful smile still intact .
“ We knew we had to get out of Boston .
We were sharing the Garden with the Bruins , who were in their prime , and the Celtics , which were a big draw , and the AHL Boston Braves .
And we were getting killed with dates . ”
Baldwin had heard that Hartford was building a new arena , and after the city ’s preliminary deal for an ABA team had fallen through , he called Bill Lillyman , manager for the new Civic Center , on a whim .
A few weeks later , Baldwin and his partners chartered a flight to Hartford in early December 1973 .
Upon their arrival at Brainard Field , Baldwin immediately announced that he was not planning on flying back .
Perhaps it was the Nor’ Easter that had terrorized their plane on the short , yet turbulent flight from Boston , or just maybe Baldwin understood something his partners did not yet realize .
The youthful ownership group rushed off to the second floor of the then Capital Bar & Grill to meet with Lillyman and Don Conrad , Aetna ’s Chief Financial Officer , who had been overseeing the development of the Civic Center .
After 30 minutes , Baldwin emerged from the back room with a deal .
The Whalers were moving to Hartford he announced , and Baldwin would never look back .
A year later , a sold - out crowd of 10,507 would join Baldwin on that first opening night , a ritual that would be repeated in Hartford for 22 seasons .
The first night in Hartford was “ unbelievable ” remembers Baldwin with a grin .
You could still hear the enthusiasm in his voice as he explained that “ we were fired up , we were in a new building , and the game went into overtime . ”
Baldwin added that “ Gary Swain had the winner , and Al Smith was in goal .
Gosh , we still had Dorey and Selwood , Webster and Pleau .
We had a good team . ”
There was an excitement in the air , and anything was possible .
And while speaking to Baldwin , you quickly realize that anything is possible .
In the early 1970s , Baldwin and his friend , John Coburn , had the audacity to apply for the WHA ’s New England franchise , and “ we had no business getting it ” Baldwin would latter quip .
Baldwin was only 28 when he founded the Whalers , and he readily admits that “ there were times , when I was over my head . ”
But with the aid of Coburn and countless others , Baldwin built the Whalers .
“ We always gave the fans a good product ” boasted the proud executive .
“ We were always good in the WHA and in the first year of the NHL , and then we hit the skids for a few years .
But we had great support from the fans right from the get - go . ”
And with a lot of hard work , ingenuity and determination , the team took hold in their new city .
The Whalers would go on to play over 1,000 more games in the Hartford Civic Center , first against WHA foes and the Soviet National Team , and later against NHL opponents .
Rivalries quickly formed with the nearby Boston Bruins and New York Rangers .
Throughout the 1980s , Baldwin continued to build the Whalers into a “ community asset . ”
Off the ice , Baldwin was developing new fans through community outreach programs ; on the ice , he was fielding the best teams the Whalers would ever offer .
Ultimately , Baldwin would step out of the front office , selling his share of the Whalers in 1988 .
And almost 10 years later , the Whalers would step out of Hartford .
“ It was so sad ” described Baldwin , about receiving the news that the Whalers would leave Hartford in 1997 .
“ I kept thinking this ca n’t be , but there it was . ”
But long before Connecticut would sell off its “ community asset ” to a stranger , Baldwin had established a legacy that would capture the imagination of the Hartford area and spark a new generation of sports fans .
The Whalers may have begun as a dream in suburban Boston , but the legacy that continues to endure to the present day was born in Hartford on January 11 , 1975 .
Over the next thirty - five years , Baldwin would go on to build franchises , manage an outlaw league , and leave his permanent signature on the sport .
He would draft future Hall of Famers , take a pass on the Great One , and sign an All - Star family .
He would go on to both wage a war and broker a peace between the upstart WHA and the old guard NHL .
His leadership would spur a new generation of coaches and front office executives that continue to guide NHL teams and shape the future of professional hockey .
He would win a Stanley Cup with the Pittsburgh Penguins in 1992 , and would later represent the club on the NHL ’s Board of Governors .
Later , he would produce films for the big screen , casting major league stars in box office hits such as Ray and Mystery , Alaska .
And one sunny April afternoon in his home in the Hollywood Hills , he would find it difficult to watch his beloved Whalers take the ice for the very last time .
“ It ’s hard to believe it ’s been thirty - five years ” opined Baldwin after reminiscing about his Whalers .
And it ’s been quite a ride .
If you were at that first opening night in Hartford in 1975 , you would have watched Garry Swain score the game winning goal in overtime , securing the first Whaler victory in Hartford .
You would have been one of the first patrons to walk through a Civic Center turnstile , and you would have witnessed a spirited crowd welcome big league sports to Hartford .
And somewhere high above the stands , you would have seen Baldwin ’s large , generous smile .
His Whalers were off to a great start in their new city , and no one could have imagined all the adventures that would lie ahead .
Special thanks to Howard Baldwin for sharing his time , memories and thoughts on the Whalers ’ legacy in Hartford .
And to Mark Willand of http://www.whahockey.tv/
for making this article possible .
Pavement Photography by Howard Stone ©
My name is Howard Stone .
Briefly , some years ago I had a delivery job in Southampton , England ( I wo n't say what I was delivering or for whom ) .
It was very boring and badly paid but I soon found a way of livening it up .
I discovered that the van I had to drive could very easily be persuaded to produce very loud , frightening backfires as and when I wanted it to ( I 'm not telling you how , find out for yourselves ) and as I 've always been keen on photography , I tried an experiment .
I mounted a camera , pointing backwards , from the back window of the van and operated it with a cable - release long enough to be operated whilst driving .
I would make the van backfire and photograph the frightened mayhem I 'd created as I drove past .
Out of ( partial ) consideration for my fellow man , I avoided pensioners , dentists ' surgeries and gynaecologists .
I had a lot of extra work to do .
I had to damp down camera shake , I had to get the timing right and had to do a lot of work in the darkroom to get a good enlargement .
Do n't forget , as I could n't point the camera ( I was driving the van ) I had to use a standard 50 mm lens and enlarge the interesting bit .
I never knew what I 'd captured until I developed the film and I had a lot of failures .
Here , however , are some of my successful results .....
This Time Last Year …
| By
Around this time last year Infinite Hollywood was starting to get some traction but we were n’t up to a full time website of awesomeness as we are today .
What ’s nice about having a site like this is that I can look back and see where I was a year ago today and what interested me .
Since I did n’t get a lot of readers back then , I thought this retro post might be fun .
So let ’s take a little trip in the time machine .
Last year I was talking about how Terminator : TSCC was one of the best shows on television .
I still stand by that , as the season came to a close last year I was excited for what the future held .
The second season was even better in a lot of ways , but sadly was canceled .
Then there was news of the new TMNT game , a story which I broke with the first pictures from Nintendo Power .
With it came pictures of new Mirage style TMNT figs from Playmates .
A year later , sadly , those toys still have n’t hit the shelves and Mirage is even more of a mirage than it was then .
Check it out :
I got my new Nintendo Power in the mail today and it ’s got a sneak peek at an upcoming Ninja Turtle fighting game in it .
The TMNT released two fighting games prior , the very fun Tournament Fighters in the 90’s which was like Street Fighter but with TMNT and a more recent game that I have n’t played .
This normally would n’t be that big of a deal , but the magazine really puts the game over hard because it ’s being designed by the team that put together Smash Brothers Brawl .
They say it wo n’t play exactly like Brawl , but that it should play better and smoother .
Including an online mode .
That sounds terrific and the graphics look great .
Of course the magazine also gets a few facts wrong , this is clearly based off the TMNT movie although it does n’t tie into the movie .
Apparently Peter Laird helped craft the story and it looks like a lot of fun .
The developers said since it ’s not actually part of show or movie , they have to make a good game .
Which sounds cool .
I heard the last TMNT game was crap , although I liked the first two most recently released .
It ’ll be out just in time for the 25th Anniversary of the Ninja Turtles next year .
If the news keeps being this good , I ’ll probably buy it .
Sounds like it might be a Wii exclusive too .
Now if we can just get NECA to release the Foot Solider , Shredder , Utrom and April figures soon !
As it turns out the game was n’t very good .
Although I ’ve never actually played it , so I would n’t know for sure .
NECA still has n’t released any new TMNT either .
Jerks .
So that ’s just one minor look back into a year ago .
What will next year be like ?
Will my opinions and predictions be so far removed as they were a year ago ?
We ’ll just have to wait and see .
I sure hope you ’ll be here along for the ride .
A friend of mine sent me this song a while back and I liked it so much that I put it to video .
If you want to check it out it 's here ... If any one knows who did the audio please let me know .
favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite
My band teacher looked this up on google , listened to it , and made like 20 cds for students to have .
i got one ! :)
- December 6 , 2006 i have it on CD
Pity if you will the poor burghers of the Northumberland village of Felton - living as they are under a palpable pall of fear provoked by the attentions of a monstrous , allotment - menacing devil rabbit .
That 's according to the Times , which reports that the " Beast of Felton " - a deer - sized , black and brown creature with " diabolically shaped ears " - has already decimated " a market stall 's worth of Japanese onions , parsnips and spring carrots " .
The first sighting of the Mephistophelean herbivore came back in February .
Allotment holder Jeff Smith , 63 , recounted : " This is no ordinary rabbit .
We are dealing with a monster .
It 's absolutely massive .
" The first time I saw it , I was n't sure what it was .
Its prints are huge , about the size of a deer .
It 's a brute of a thing .
We have two lads here with guns who are trying to shoot it , but it 's too clever .
They never see it . "
The two lads in question are hired guns tasked with killing the vegetarian vandal .
One of the Magnificent Two , underkeeper Brian Cadman , said : " Only a few people have seen it so far but I 've seen the evidence and I think it 's going to be a big 'un .
" I 've been out here at night with another underkeeper .
We have not had much luck yet , but you can see what it 's been eating .
It 's been taking huge bites out of cabbages , carrots and turnips . "
With the beast still at large , the mood in Felton has turned from fear to vengeful anger .
Smith told a meeting of the local parish council on Monday : " When we get it killed - when we shoot it - we are going to hang it up on a tree so folk can see it . "
Whether the locals then rushed to the village green with wooden agricultural implements and burning torches before storming into the night in search of the unholy creature 's creator is not noted .
Nick Park was unavailable for comment this morning . ®
Bootnote
Thanks to all those readers who 've written to suggest that what the people of Felton really need is the Holy hand grenade of Antioch .
