The reason that people blame Rihanna or any victim of a gender - based hate crime is that the supposed protection of the patriarchy is only extended to good girls .
The
creepy stalking and ambush of journalist Amanda Terkel by " O’Reilly
Factor " producer Jesse Watters
was notable not because it was unusual .
Sadly , O’Reilly ’s staff frequently
uses this schtick — using harassment tactics to silence journalists
who say things that Bill O’Reilly does n’t like , especially those
who criticize O’Reilly .
Terkel had pointed
out that it was inappropriate for O’Reilly to speak on behalf of an
anti-rape organization
when he engaged in rape apologism , and for that , he sent out the bully
patrol to harass
Terkel for the viewing pleasure of his wannabe bully
audience .
But the stalking was notable because of the context .
The producer followed Terkel from her home and ambushed her in the town in which she was vacationing because she dared to defend rape / murder
victims against O’Reilly ’s insinuation that they have it coming
if they break one of O’Reilly ’s Rules For Young Ladies involving
alcohol consumption , curfew , or clothing choices .
You ca n’t blame Terkel for being shaken .
After all , O’Reilly has implied that women who break
a rule he wrote for them are asking to be raped and murdered , and now
she ’s got a group of men following her around because she broke a
rule O’Reilly wrote for her .
The context elevates the usual ambushing
tactics of the " O’ Reilly Factor "
straight into creepy territory , as Terkel noted :
Since I ’m a 5 ft , 100
pound woman with an opinion that he does n’t like , perhaps O’Reilly
believes I deserve to be treated this way .
Unsurprisingly , bloggers who
wrote in support of Terkel drew
the ire of O’Reilly fans , who , as I ’ve noted before , are huge fans of
virtual bullying .
The endless cycles of lashing out and virtual ( or real life ) bullying
in an attempt ( often unsuccessful ) to silence truth - tellers is the point
of another post , though .
What I find interesting in all this is
that O’Reilly is framing his attack on Terkel as a defense
of rape victims , because he ’s claiming that his speaking gig at the
Alexa Foundation is well - deserved because he goes to bat for rape victims .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
How can that be , one may ask , when he says things
like :
Now Moore , Jennifer Moore ,
18 , on her way to college .
She was 5 - foot - 2 , 105 pounds , wearing a miniskirt
and a halter top with a bare midriff .
Now , again , there you go .
So every
predator in the world is gonna pick that up at two in the morning .
If O’Reilly has trouble grasping
that the fault for rape and murder belongs 100 % on the rapist - murdered ,
then he has no business identifying himself as an advocate for victims .
That alone should disqualify him , but the fact that he ’s had his own
problems harassing
women should have
made it beyond the pale to treat him as an advocate against sexual violence .
But I suspect that O’Reilly
does think he ’s a good guy who deplores rape , so long as it ’s " real "
rape , i.e. rape committed against a young woman who follows O’Reilly ’s
Rules For Young Ladies .
If you stay in at night and accept male
authority over your movements , and get raped anyway , he probably does
feel bad for you .
Is n’t that the selling point of the patriarchy – you’ll
be safe and under male protection if you behave yourself and follow
all the rules ?
This fantasy that male dominance
is better for women ( at least good girls ! ) is explicitly stated in Kathryn
Jean Lopez ’s deplorable
essay blaming feminism for Chris Brown beating Rihanna .
Instead of Chris Brown , who
continues to enjoy varied , colorful excuses for his behavior offered
free of charge from the public .
Lopez would like to believe that
putting a man in complete control of you means he ’ll never use violence
to enforce his authority –which is actually very close to what abusers
often say to their victims , that if they did n’t buck authority , they
would n’t get beaten .
( Somehow , she also finds lesbians to blame
for this . )
We ’ve so confused ourselves
that now many teenagers in Boston are excusing Chris Brown .
Why would n’t
they ?
He and Rihanna are equal , and we expect no more from men – in
fact , we ’ve conditioned a generation or two now to expect less .
I ’m not sure what world she
lives in where a straight man is permitted to deliver a hospitalization - requiring
beat - down to another straight man because he complained about a broken
promise .
In fact , that sort of thing is indisputably a crime and
always has been .
It ’s domestic violence–violence aimed at
women to keep them submissive , a role Lopez assumes women should just
take on voluntarily –that was treated and still is treated as a private
manner .
Because , in the world Lopez longs for , women are considered
property and men have certain rights to dispose of their property as
they see fit .
Lopez , with her grade A levels of misogyny , probably
would n’t even consider wife - battering a problem if feminism had n’t
forced the issue .
No , the reason that people
blame Rihanna or Jennifer Moore or any victim of a gender hate crime
is that the supposed protection of the patriarchy is only extended to
good girls .
Then , in a version of the post hoc fallacy , we assume
that anyone who gets raped or beaten must have been asking for it , because
we believe good girls do n’t get raped or beaten .
It ’s a tight
loop , and a victim must bring extraordinary amounts of evidence of submissiveness
and chastity to even be considered for an exception–levels pretty
much no woman can meet .
Sadly , anecdotal evidence shows
that other controlling men are absorbing the message that Rihanna is
to blame for getting beaten , and are using that as moral support for
their own behavior .
Tracy
Clark - Flory saw a disturbing example .
Just the other day , riding
the train home from work , I heard a teenage couple seated behind
me fighting .
The girl pleaded to her boyfriend : " Let me see it ! "
She had caught a glimpse of a sexy photo of another girl on his phone .
With mounting outrage , her voice catching in her throat , she shrieked ,
" You promised me you deleted all of ’em ! "
He paused
and then , with smirking confidence , threw down his trump card : " Do n ’t
go all Rihanna on me , now . "
With that , the conversation ended .
The question for those who
believe male dominance is good for women ( as long as they behave themselves )
is this : do you think this teenage girl was " asking for it " ?
This Oral History is excerpted from an interview conducted in June , 2004 .
In addition , reference is made to an article by Hans Camenzind , “ Redesigning the old 555 ” , IEEE Spectrum , Sept 1997 .
Hans , let ’s start the Oral History with your recollections of the initial success of the 555 integrated circuit .
That 555 family was a total surprise .
I wanted to make it flexible , that was the whole purpose , but I did n’t realize it was so flexible .
There are applications now that still sound crazy to me .
And the quantity !
In the second year it moved to the largest quantity sold of any IC and it has stayed that way for 30 years .
The original application was as a timer and oscillator , but it has moved well beyond that .
According to the IEEE Spectrum article you wrote on the 555 , there was reluctance at Signetics to invest in this product .
Is that right ?
The engineering department at Signetics - yes , they were a bit stodgy for a semiconductor company .
They were at the forefront .
They had tried everything .
It was a surprising reaction , and it was simply a reflection of the turf .
You know , they were designing and making operational amplifiers .
The debate over the validity of evolutionary theory may be real enough when it comes to religious belief and cultural outlook .
But it has nothing to do with science .
No evidence seriously contradicts the idea that the plant and animal species found on Earth today are descended from common ancestors that existed long ago .
Indeed , the evidence for natural selection is infinitely stronger than it was when Charles Darwin proposed it 150 years ago , mainly because later discoveries in the field of genetics supplied the biological mechanisms to explain the patterns that Darwin and his contemporaries were observing .
But ...
* U.S. industrial production down , output lowest in 7 years
* Industrial capacity utilization at record low in February
* Gauge of New York state manufacturing hits record low
* Foreigners sell record U.S. securities in January ( Updates markets )
By Lucia Mutikani
WASHINGTON , March 16 ( Reuters ) - U.S. industrial output fell to its lowest level in almost seven years in February and manufacturing in New York state slumped further this month , according to data released on Monday that pointed to a deteriorating economy .
Adding to the economy ’s problems , the Treasury said foreigners were net sellers of U.S. securities in January , a worrying development at a time when the government is rolling out a massive spending plan in an effort to break the 14 - month - long recession .
The Federal Reserve said industrial production fell 1.4 percent last month , following a 1.9 percent drop in January .
It was also worse than market expectations for a 1.1 - percent decline .
Output slid 11.2 percent compared with February 2008 , with the index at 99.7 , the lowest reading since April 2002 , the Fed said .
Wall Street stock indexes largely shrugged off the poor data , but surrendered gains after American Express Co AXP.N reported an increase in the number of people battling to make credit card payments .
The Dow Jones industrials .
DJI edged down 0.10 percent to 7,216 points , ending its four - session winning streak .
Government bond prices also fell , having lost some of their safe - haven appeal to the strong gains in equities for much of the session and the U.S. dollar dropped , with the euro touching a five - week high .
Analysts said the data dashed hopes that the economic recession , which started in December 2007 , is close to finding a bottom .
That optimism had been fanned by a report last week showing a modest decline in February retail sales .
“ Hopes that the U.S. recession is close to ending are not supported by these nasty figures , ” said Roger Kubarych , an economist at Unicredit Markets & Investment Banking in New York .
“ Several more months of declining industrial production are highly probable . ”
Industrial capacity utilization dropped to 70.9 February , matching a December 1982 record low for the series , which dates back to 1967 , from 71.9 in January , the Fed said .
Manufacturing eased 0.7 percent in February after sliding 2.7 percent in January .
The pace of decline slowed due to an increase in the production of motor vehicles and parts after extended plant shutdowns in January , the central bank said .
EXPORTS EVAPORATING
“ The manufacturing sector is still declining as firms struggle to pare inventories and come to grips with lower consumer spending , evaporating exports and the full force of a capital spending downturn , ” said Daniel Meckstroth , chief economist at the Manufacturers Alliance / MAPI .
“ These negative forces are a lot to absorb and it is too early to see a turnaround in the industrial sector .
The best we can say is that the industrial side of the economy is declining at a decelerating rate , ” he added .
Separately , the New York Federal Reserve ’s Empire State factory index showed manufacturing activity in New York State slumped in March , dropping to a record low minus 38.23 in the month from February ’s minus 34.65 .
One silver lining in the report was the six - month expectations gauge of business conditions , which bounced back into positive territory .
But this was coupled with more signs that tight credit conditions were hampering business .
The report ’s new orders and shipments indexes also dropped sharply to record lows .
Investment was suffering as well , with gauges on expectations of capital spending and technology spending falling to their weakest on record .
Housing , which is at the center of the global economic and financial crisis , remains stuck deep in recession .
The NAHB / Wells Fargo Housing Market index was flat at 9 in March , marking a fifth consecutive month of single - digit readings .
There was more bad news for the recession - hit economy , with the Treasury Department saying net overall U.S. capital outflows totaled a record $ 148.9 billion in January .
Demand for long - maturity securities like bonds , notes and equities shifted from an inflow in December .
This comes as the government lays out a $ 787 billion stimulus plan to halt the economy ’s downward spiral .
But there was some comfort in the news that China and Japan -- the largest holders of U.S. securities -- increased their Treasury holdings .
“ The reluctance of foreign investors to buy U.S. assets is a concern for the dollar going forward , ” said Matthew Strauss , senior currency strategist , at RBC Capital Markets in Toronto .
Lawddddd : Garcelle Beauvais Reveals Jamie Foxx
Is “ Hung Like A Horse ” After He Confesses They Should ’ve Been Together
‘s “ ” had its premiere at last year ’sopening the ‘ Un Certain Regard ‘ category .
The movie had great reviews and McQueen won Golden Camera .
Today , Steve McQueen , the first - time filmmaker , has its collection of 15 Awards for “ Hunger ” as director or co-writer ( the screenplay was written by McQueen and ) andhas 5 Awards for Best Actor for lead role ( Bobby Sands ) in the movie .
British artist Steve McQueen makes his big - screen debut with “ Hunger , ” an account of the 1981 hunger strike in Northern Ireland ’s Maze prison .
Take a look at video about making of “ Hunger ” and video interview with director Steve McQueen below .
The film follows the last six weeks in the life of Republican Bobby Sands , who died during the strike .
It plunges viewers into the world of the early 1980s H - Blocks uprising and of republican prisoner Bobby Sands , who died 66 days into a hunger strike .
The film depicts the hellish conditions in the prison , not only through the experiences of the hunger strikers but also through the prison wardens with whom they were in constant battle .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KJNBcJ8vnw[/youtube]
Raymond Lohan wearily follows his normal routine : an ordinary man doing the job of a prison officer in the Maze Prison in Northern Ireland , 1981 .
Working within one of the infamous H - Blocks , where republican prisoners are on the Blanket and No - Wash protest , is a living hell for both prisoner and prison officer .
A young , new prisoner Davey Gillen is brought into this environment for the first time .
Although terrified , Davey resolutely refuses to wear the prison uniform – he is no common criminal .
So joining the Blanket protest , he shares a filthy cell with another ‘ non- conforming ’ republican prisoner Gerry Campbell .
Gerry , hardened to the horrific realities of Maze life , guides Davey through the daily routine , he trains him how to smuggle items and exchange ‘ comms ’ ( communications ) with the outside world , passing them on to their H - Block leader Bobby Sands at Sunday Mass . [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGkaTX0WLPI[/youtube]
The prisoners are persuaded to take up the prison regime ’s offer of civilian clothes – a potential breakthrough in their struggle to regain political status – only for them to be mocked by the ‘ clown clothes ’ handed out .
A riot erupts .
In the mayhem , the prisoners destroy the clean cells they ’ve been moved to .
The riot is violently crushed with beatings and body searches .
The violence spreads beyond the Maze ; no prison officer is safe and Raymond is shot dead .
Bobby Sands meets Father Dominic Moran .
Once the initial humorous banter is out the way , Bobby reveals that he is going to lead a new Hunger Strike to protest for special category status for republican prisoners .
The conversation immediately intensifies into a battle of words that illuminates the men ’s prisoners ’ determination to begin another Hunger Strike through the priest ’s questioning of motives and morality .
Bobby ’s mind is unchanged and the strike will begin . [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jif6bB9QgxI[/youtube]
“ Hunger ” had ist US premiere in December 2008 but movie can also be seen on March 20 , 2009 which will also be in limited release .
WASHINGTON ( AP )  A retired U.S. Navy commander awarded for his service during the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks went on trial Tuesday on charges that he used an old injury to get money from the victims ' compensation fund .
In opening arguments , a federal prosecutor accused Charles Coughlin and his wife , Sabrina , of stealing $ 331,034 from the fund by filing a false claim saying that the injury was from the terrorist attack .
Attorneys for the Coughlins said the claim was legitimate .
They said Charles Coughlin seriously injured his neck when a plane crashed into the Pentagon about 75 feet from his office and pieces of the ceiling hit his head .
They said he was hurt again when he went back into the burning building to rescue others and ran into a door jam .
Coughlin was awarded the Meritorious Service Medal and Purple Heart for his actions and injuries that day .
Prosecutors contend Coughlin 's symptoms are from a 1998 injury that he suffered while doing home repairs .
Justice Department attorney Susan Menzer suggested he wrote his own Purple Heart commendation and it was approved by military leaders busy preparing for war who took him at his word .
" This case is about greed — simple , old - fashioned greed , " Menzer said .
She described the Coughlins as " schemers " and " opportunists " who took advantage of the generous fund that Congress designed to give quick compensation to those physically injured and the families of those killed in the attacks on Sept. 11 , 2001 .
" They seized the opportunity to steal from the United States government , " Menzer said .
" They 're not just partners for life , they 're partners in crime . "
Menzer showed the jury an enlarged photo of Coughlin playing lacrosse after he said had suffered a partial permanent disability , running down the field with the stick over his head .
She said he remained active for someone who claimed to be hurt — running the New York City marathon two months after the attacks in three hours and 40 minutes , and dislocating his finger playing basketball three months after the attacks .
Coughlin 's attorney , Jay Graham , responded that he had been an avid sportsman , a former lacrosse player at the Naval Academy who continued to play competitively and had been chosen as the MVP of his league in the two years before the attacks .
Graham said after the attacks Coughlin tried to keep up his athletics , including going ahead with the marathon he'd been training for , but could n't compete at the previous level and has since gave up sports altogether .
And Graham pointed out that Coughlin 's New York City marathon time was actually three hours , 43 minutes , which he said " was an embarrassment " to the man who had previously run a marathon in 3:11 and was hoping to get under three hours .
He said Coughlin ran the race in pain , to prove that the terrorists could not intimidate him .
Graham said Coughlin is an honest and brave man — evidenced in part by his courage to take on prosecutors in this case .
He outlined his accomplishments — a graduate of the Naval Academy and Harvard Business School who spent most of his 21 - year military career in the submarine service , with a top - secret security clearance and shared command of nuclear submarines .
After the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11 , 2001 , Graham said his client spent hours at the Pentagon , trying to help others out of the building and helping set up a triage area for the injured .
He asked the jury whether those were the actions of " the selfish , greedy opportunistic con man . "
" It 's basically up to you to decide whether Commander Coughlin is a hero or a fraud , " Graham said .
Graham argued that Coughlin 's previous injuries made him more vulnerable to the Sept. 11 injuries , but that he was not on medication or feeling pain before the attacks .
Graham said since the attacks , Coughlin has had to take prescription pain killers three times a day to prevent spasms , undergo physical therapy and avoid sleeping on his left side .
Graham said Coughlin 's friends , family , fellow athletes and the defendant himself will testify how he changed .
Menzer said she will call Coughlin 's doctors and will show how he " actively schemed to manipulate medical records " and hide his longtime neck and back pain from the victim 's compensation fund .
Sabrina Coughlin , who spent much of her time in court moving her fingers over rosary beads held in her lap , is accused of making false statements to the victims compensation fund to help win the award for her husband of 27 years .
She had said her husband 's days of competitively playing sports with their four children were only a memory .
Prosecutors say the couple submitted faked receipts that helped drive up their compensation .
The Coughlins ' attorneys argued that Sabrina Coughlin is a loving wife and mother who sometimes struggled to keep the checkbook and made innocent accounting mistakes that the prosecution will " beat to death . "
But they said she was honest in her claims .
In its indictment , the government sought to collect the money that the Coughlins were awarded from the fund , along with property derived from it including their home in Severna Park , Md. , a 2002 Mercedes Benz C230 and a 2002 Honda Odyssey .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Database Locking :
What it is , Why it Matters and What to do About it
Justin Callison , Principal Consultant , Peak Performance Technologies Inc
Introduction
" Know your enemy and know yourself and you can fight a hundred battles without disaster . "
Sun Tzu ( The Art of War )
Database locking is a varied , evolving , complicated , and technical topic .
As testers , we often think that it belongs in the realm of the developer and the DBA ( i.e. not my problem ) .
But to both functional and performance testers , it is the enemy and has led to many disasters ( as the presenter can personally attest ) .
However , there is hope .
This paper will shed light on the nature of database locking and how it varies between different platforms .
It will also discuss the types of application issues that can arise related as a result .
We will then look at ways to ferret out these issues and to resolve them before they sneak out the door with your finished product .
Armed with this understanding of the enemy and how it relates to your application , you 'll be much better able to avoid disaster .
1. Scope
The breadth and depth of this topic necessitates that scope be constrained .
The scope of this paper has been chosen with the following considerations in mind :
The audience is QA professionals
The audience does not have significant database experience
Core concepts can be generalized once understood
Specifically , the scope will be constrained to :
" Transactional locking " ( not all types of locking )
Oracle and SQL Server
2. Why do Databases Lock ?
So why does locking occur in a database ?
As in other systems , database locks serve to protect shared resources or objects .
These protected resources could be :
Tables
Data Rows
Data blocks
Cached Items
Connections
Entire Systems
There are also many types of locks that can occur such shared locks , exclusive locks , transaction locks , DML locks , and backup - recovery locks .
However , this paper will focus on one specific type of locking that I will call " transactional locking " .
2.1 ACID Properties of Transactions
Most of what we 're calling transactional locking relates to the ability of a database management system ( DBMS ) to ensure reliable transactions that adhere to these ACID properties .
ACID is an acronym that stands for Atomicity , Consistency , Isolation , and Durability .
Each of these properties is described in more detail below .
However , all of these properties are related and must be considered together .
They are more like different views of the same object than independent things .
2.1.1 Atomicity
Atomicity means all or nothing .
Transactions often contain multiple separate actions .
For example , a transaction may insert data into one table , delete from another table , and update a third table .
Atomicity ensures that either all of these actions occur or none at all .
2.1.2 Consistency
Consistency means that transactions always take the database from one consistent state to another .
So , if a transaction violates the databases consistency rules , then the entire transaction will be rolled back .
2.1.3 Isolation
Isolation means that concurrent transactions , and the changes made within them , are not visible to each other until they complete .
This avoids many problems , including those that could lead to violation of other properties .
The implementation of isolation is quite different in different DBMS ' .
This is also the property most often related to locking problems .
2.1.4 Durability
Durability means that committed transactions will not be lost , even in the event of abnormal termination .
That is , once a user or program has been notified that a transaction was committed , they can be certain that the data will not be lost .
3. Examples of Simple Locking
The example below illustrates the most common and logical form of transactional locking .
In this case , we have 3 transactions that are all attempting to make changes to a single row in Table A. U1 obtains an exclusive lock on this table when issuing the first update statement .
Subsequently , U2 attempts to update the same row and is blocked by U1's lock .
U3 also attempts to manipulate this same row , this time with a delete statement , and that is also blocked by U1's lock .
When U1 commits its transaction , it releases the lock and U2's update statement is allowed to complete .
In the process , U2 obtains an exclusive lock and U3 continues to block .
Only when U2's transaction is rolled back does the U3's delete statement complete .
This example shows how the DBMS is maintaining consistency and isolation .
Time User 1 Actions User 2 Actions User 3 Actions 1 Starts Transaction 2 Starts Transaction 3 Starts Transaction 4
Updates row 2 in table A 5 Attempts to update row 2 in table A U2 Is Blocked by U1 6 Attempts to delete row 2 in table A U3 Is Blocked by U1 7 Commits transaction Update completes U3 Is Blocked by U2 8 Rolls back transaction Delete completes 9 Commits transaction
4. Locks Outlive Statements
It is critical to understand that locks will often remain after a statement has finished executing .
That is , a transaction may be busy with different , subsequent activity but still hold locks on a table due to an earlier statement .
Transactions may even be idle .
This is especially dangerous if the application allows user think time within database transactions .
This concept that locks outlive statements may seem obvious , but it is often forgotten when considering the impact of locking , so it is very important to remember .
5 . Issues that can occur
So what does this mean for your application ?
Well , there are a number of problems that can be caused by database locking .
They can generally be broken down into 4 categories : Lock Contention , Long Term Blocking , Database Deadlocks , and System Deadlocks .
Each of these types of issues is discussed in more detail below , including examples .
Note :
The examples used are quite extreme , but are meant to be illustrative .
5.1 Lock Contention
Lock contention occurs when many database sessions all require frequent access to the same lock .
This is also often called a " hot lock " .
The locks in question are only held for a short time by each accessing session , then released .
This creates a " single lane bridge " situation .
Problems are not noticeable when traffic is low ( i.e. non-concurrent or low - concurrency situations ) .
However , as traffic ( i.e. concurrency ) increases , a bottleneck is created .
Overall , Lock Contention problems have a relatively low impact .
They manifest themselves by impacting and limiting scalability .
As concurrency increases , system throughput does not increase and may even degrade ( as shown in Figure 1 below ) .
Lock contention may also lead to high CPU usage on the database server .
The best way to identify a lock contention problem is through analysis of statistical information on locks provided by the DBMS ( see monitoring section below ) .
Figure 1 : Example Symptoms of Lock Contention - Scalability
5.1.1 Example : Statistics Table
A web application has a requirement to record the number of times each page is loaded .
This has been implemented with a database table where the access counts for each page are stored , with one row for each page .
Each time that a request is made to a page , the appropriate row in the tables is updated to increase the request count number by 1 .
The related update statement is not a problem for low concurrency situations , as the requests are fast and the same page is not loaded concurrently .
However , as load increases , popular pages are concurrently being accessed .
This leads to contention and limits scalability .
5.1.2 Example : Order ID Storage
An order processing system requires that Order IDs be unique and sequential .
This is implemented through use of a database table to store the value of the next order ID .
As each order is processed , the transaction gets the value for the next order ID then updates it with the next ID .
Under low concurrency circumstances , order id generation does not have a significant impact .
However , as the number of concurrent orders increases , a bottleneck is created due to contention on the associated lock , limiting order throughput .
5.2 Long Term Blocking
Long Term Blocking is similar to Lock Contention in that it involves an object or lock that is frequently accessed by a large number of database sessions .
Where it differs is that in this case , one session does not release the lock immediately .
Instead , the lock is held for a long period of time and while that lock is held , all dependent sessions will be blocked .
Long Term Blocking tends to be a much bigger problem than Lock Contention .
It can bring an entire area of functionality or even a whole system to a stand still .
The locks involved in these scenarios may not be " hot " enough to lead to Lock Contention problems under normal circumstances .
As such , these problems may be intermittent and very dependent on certain coincidental activity .
These are the most likely to lead to " disasters " in production due to the combination of devastating impact and difficulty to reproduce .
The consequences of long term blocking problems may be abandonment .
However , these problems can also often lead to further problems as frustrated users re-submit their requests .
This can compound and exacerbate the problem by leading to a larger queue and consuming additional resource .
In this way , the impact can expand to consume an entire system .
5.2.1 Example : Order ID Batch Processing
Consider the same system described in 5.1.2 above .
But now imagine that the system also has a batch process that is set to run at 7 p.m .
This batch process is optimized to complete multiple orders within one transaction .
As such , it will acquire a lock on the Order ID row at the beginning of processing .
If it then takes 15 minutes to process the entire batch , that lock will be held for the duration and no other orders can be processed until it completes , commits the transaction , and releases the lock .
This situation is illustrated in the graph below , where order processing times are very fast ( a few seconds ) during most of the day , but then shoot up to 900 seconds during the 7 p.m. hour .
Users trying to process orders during this time think that the system has gone down .
Many resubmit their requests , leading to a queuing of duplicate requests which cause problems later due to duplicate orders .
The repeated requests also lead to exhaustion of threads and database connections , making the system unable to respond to any requests , even those unrelated to orders .
This might not have been found during testing , because only small batches were tested or batch processing was not tested concurrently with regular usage .
Figure 2 : Example Symptoms of Batch Locking
5.3 Database Deadlocks
Database Deadlocks occur when 2 or more transactions hold dependent locks and neither can continue until the other releases .
Below is a simple illustration of a deadlock .
Time User 1 Actions User 2 Actions 1 Starts Transaction 2 Starts Transaction 3
Updates row 2 in table A 4 Updates row 10 in table B 5 Attempts to update row 10 in table B U1 Is Blocked by U2 6 Attempts to update row 2 in table A U1 Is Blocked by U2 U2 Is Blocked by U1 DEADLOCK !!!
This example is the simplest type .
Deadlocks can be much more complicated , involving different types of locks , and involving more than 2 sessions .
The good news is that the DBMS will recognize these situations and resolve them .
The DBMS will choose one " victim " and roll back their transaction .
The DBMS tends to choose the " victim " by determining which transaction will be easiest to roll back .
However , unless the application is designed to react to deadlock errors and retry , there will be a negative end - user impact .
Deadlocks generally lead to intermittent errors .
They are almost always caused by application logic problems .
These generally occur when the application does not access data in a consistent sequence .
They are also very timing and data dependent , which can make them very hard to reproduce .
Note : Deadlocks can occur within other components as well , such a JVM or the CLR .
5.4 System Deadlocks
System Deadlocks ( aka Distributed Deadlocks ) are similar to a Database Deadlock , in that they involve dependent locks .
However , they involve locks that are outside the database ( e.g. in the JVM ) as well .
As a consequence , the database cannot identify the deadlock situation .
It simply appears to be a normal blocking situation .
The same will be true for the external component .
As such , these situations are usually not resolved until a timeout occurs or one of the components is restarted .
System deadlocks are relatively rare , but they do occur .
And when they do , they can lead to system outages as well .
In many cases , the impact will grow because the system deadlock will lead to secondary long term holding of locks which result in the Long Term Blocking for other sessions .
5.4.1 Example : Start - up Deadlock
A J2EE application has a start - up thread that 's responsible for initializing various parts of the system .
A " system change number " is stored in a database table and is updated every time that key tables are changed .
The first start - up task makes such a change and updates the system change number , acquiring a lock as it does .
Subsequently , the application executes an EJB method that has been configured with the " Requires New " property .
As such , the application server must create a new database connection and transaction to execute that EJB method .
This particular method also leads to changes that require the same system change number to be updated .
At this point the start - up thread is waiting for the EJB method to complete .
However , this method is being blocked by the database lock associated with the first start - up transaction .
The database sees a simple blocking situation , as does the JVM .
However , this problem will never resolve and the system never starts up .
5.4.2 Example : Session Counts
A clustered .NET web application has requirements to track the number of sessions logged into each application server and the entire system .
Each application server tracks the session count with in memory counters while the system wide total is tracked in a database table .
The in - memory session tracking was protected with a locking mechanism such that three methods must be called in order to update it .
The update of the database is completed with a single method .
When implementing the login , the developers coded the following sequence :
aquireSessionCountLock updateSessionCountValue updateDBSessionCount releaseSessionCountLock
This was done so that , if the database updateDBSessionCount call failed , then the updateSessionCountValue call could be reverted to ensure that a discrepancy did not occur between the two session counts .
However , another developer implemented the logout request in the following way :
updateDBSessionCount aquireSessionCountLock updateSessionCountValue releaseSessionCountLock
That is , the database will be updated , after which the in -memory counter is updated ( including acquisition and release of locks ) .
This would not be a problem under low concurrency situations .
However , with sufficient load and concurrency , the following situation would occur , creating a System Deadlock .
Time User 1 Actions User 2 Actions 1 Login Request Received 2 Logout Request Received 3 Executes aquireSessionCountLock 4 Executes updateDBSessionCount 5 Executes updateDBSessionCount U1
Is Blocked by U2's DB Lock 6 Executes aquireSessionCountLock U1 Is Blocked by U2's DB Lock U2 Is Blocked by U1's App Lock SYSTEM DEADLOCK !!!
Neither the CLR nor the DB would be able to detect that this deadlock and it would go unresolved .
Subsequent Login requests to this app server would be blocked in the aquireSessionCountLock call .
Requests to other application servers would be blocked in the updateDBSessionCount call due to the database lock .
As a result , the system would become non-functional .
6. Complications and Platform Variation
The situations discussed so far have involved database locking that is quite simple , logical , and expected .
Most problems can be avoided with sound development practices .
However , there are further complications that can lead to additional types of locking that result in more frequent locking and locking that may seem illogical or not strictly necessary .
These complications are also generally a result of DBMS differences .
When the frequency of locks and locking events increases , the frequency of the problems described above also increases .
And they also begin to appear in unexpected situations .
6.1 Select Blocking
Select blocking is closely related to the isolation property of ACID transactions .
In order to ensure that transactions are isolated , the DBMS must be sure that changes made by one transaction are not visible to others until the transaction commits .
For example , if one transaction updates a row in a table and another session tries to select the updated row , the DBMS cannot allow the changes to be seen by the second session .
The solution to this problem is variable .
Oracle 's implementation is to maintain separate versions of the related data blocks .
The uncommitted changes made in one transaction are visible within the transaction that made them , while other sessions will see the old , unchanged version .
In this way , isolation is maintained and select statements never block .
SQL Server and other DBMS ' have traditionally implemented this differently .
Instead of maintaining separate versions , they use locks to protect access to the changed data .
This leads to Select Blocking .
The difference is illustrated in the examples below .
Time User 1 Actions User 2 Actions 1 Starts Transaction 2 Starts Transaction 3
Updates row 2 in table A 4 Attempts to read row 2 in table A Select statement completes , returning data unchanged by U1 5 Commits transaction 6 Attempts to read row 2 in table A Select statement completes , returning changed data
Table 1 : Select Behaviour in Oracle
Time User 1 Actions User 2 Actions 1 Starts Transaction 2 Starts Transaction 3
Updates row 2 in table A 4 Attempts to read row 2 in table A U2 Is Blocked by U1 5 Commits transaction Select statement completes , returning changed data
Table 2 : Select Behaviour in SQL Server
The examples above are quite simple and involve two sessions attempting to access the same row of data .
However , select blocking can also come into play in situations that might not be expected if one were not considering how the DBMS works .
Consider the following situation .
Time User 1 Actions User 2 Actions 1 Starts Transaction 2 Starts Transaction 3
Updates row 2 in table A 4 Attempts to read row 200 in table A table A has no indexes , so the query requires a full table scan U2 Is Blocked by U1 5 Commits transaction Select statement completes , returning data
In this case , User 2 is not explicitly requesting the data that had been changed by User 1 .
However , in order for the DBMS to return that data , it must read all records in the table , including the one changed by User 1 .
As such , User 2 will be blocked until User 1 releases that lock .
This difference illustrates how isolation can be implemented differently .
Both are valid solutions to that problem .
But this is also an illustration of how different DBMS ' can have very different behaviour .
This behaviour will then translate into much different behaviour for your application and much more or different problems .
In general , select blocking greatly increases the frequency of locking events and , as a result , of the locking problems discussed above .
6.2 Non-Row Locking
Locking does not always involve row specific locks .
SQL Server stores data in pages , with each page containing the data for multiple rows .
As such , locks from one transaction may impact another transaction even though they are not accessing the same row , but because the rows they are concerned with share the same data page .
6.3 Lock Escalation
For DBMS such as SQL Server , locks are managed in memory and therefore consume memory resources .
As the number of locks increase , so do the memory resources required by the DBMS to track these locks .
These resources can be significant and , at some point , can overwhelm the resources available to the database .
In order to manage this situation , the DBMS may escalate locks to a higher level .
For example , if one transaction is holding many locks on a single table , the DBMS can escalate that lock to the table level .
This will greatly reduce the resources required to maintain that lock and isolation .
However , it can greatly impact concurrency because now the entire table has been locked .
In SQL Server , Lock Escalation occurs when :
A statement locks more than 5000 rows in a table
Lock resources consume > 40 % of total memory
Note :
Things are a bit more complicated , but this explanation is sufficient for this level of discussion
In these cases , locks may be escalated to the table level , introducing different locking events and locking behaviour than would be otherwise seen .
This type of locking will also be much more intermittent and difficult to reproduce .
For example , they may never be seen in testing if the data accessed never leads to large updates ( >5000 rows ) or the load on the system never leads to sufficiently high lock memory usage .
But these situations may occur in production and lead to unanticipated behaviour and problems .
6.4 ITL Locks In Oracle
As discussed above , Oracle does not have a global lock manager , but instead stores locking information at the level of the data block .
Within each data block there exists a simple data structure called the " Interested Transaction List " ( ITL ) .
The initial size of this list is determined by the INITRANS storage parameter .
Space permitting , the number of slots in the list is allowed to grow up to the value of the MAXTRANS storage parameter .
Often INITRANS is set to 1 .
This then allows a situation to occur where row data fills up the rest of the block and , even if MAXTRANS is greater than 1 , there is no room for the ITL to grow .
As such , if a block contains many rows and only has 1 ITL slot , then the rows in that block can participate in only one transaction at a time .
If another transaction tries to lock another row ( unrelated to those locked by the first ) , that transaction will block .
This behaviour can lead to additional locking in Oracle , which would not otherwise be expected .
7 . What to do ?
So now that we 've gotten to know our enemy a bit better , how can we as QA professionals use this to avoid disaster ?
This section outlines the 4 complementary strategies that will help you to find these problems in the testing stages .
7.1 Use Appropriate Test Data
Using the right test data is crucial .
Based on our discussion of locking issues above , it should be clear that data is important : different data will result in different behaviour .
As such , it is vital that test data is chosen and designed specially with locking issues in mind .
When talking about test data , there are basically three aspects to consider : Active Data , Background , and Database Structure .
All are important .
7.1.1 Background Data
Background data is data that 's in the database , but is not necessarily accessed during testing .
Its purpose is to provide " weight " to the database and ensure that testing validly reflects reality .
For example , if your test database is 1 GB in size , containing tables with row counts in the order of 10,000 rows , but production deployments are in the TB range , you can expect to miss many things in testing .
As such , the following guidelines are important to ensure that locking issues are found during testing :
The physical size ( i.e. in GB ) should approximate production sizes
Row counts in key tables should approximate production sizes
Distribution of data within tables should approximate production data
These are important because the size and distribution of data affects the way that the database accesses data ( e.g. execution plans for a given query ) , the amount of time that actions take to complete , and the amount of resources required to complete them .
These , in turn , will greatly affect the frequency of locking events and locking problems .
For example , imagine an update statement that updates a large portion of rows in a table and requires a full table scan .
If a small database was used for testing , this statement would complete quickly and would not result in lock escalation .
However , with a larger database , the update statement could take much longer to execute .
This could lead to a Lock Contention problem if this statement was frequent enough .
It could also lead to a Long Term Blocking problem if the statement caused lock escalation .
7.1.2 Active Data
Active data is the data that will be actively accessed and utilized during testing .
This data is also critically important to ensuring that locking problems are reproduced in testing .
Here are several areas to consider :
The amount of data accessed
E.g .
How many items do users really have on their home pages ?
The overlap of data accessed concurrently
E.g .
How many users are generally in each group and how many groups are there per user in the system ?
The completeness of data accessed
E.g .
How many sections are there on the homepage that could contain data ?
The goal should always be to ensure this validly reflects reality whenever possible .
It is generally best in a test environment to err on the " bad " side , with active data being " bigger " than 90 % of real situations .
But it is also prudent to not be too extreme , as this can lead to overemphasis and cause problems to appear in testing that would never occur in production .
7.1.3 Database Structure
This may seem like common sense , but it is absolutely critical that the structure of the database ( including table definitions and indexes ) be the same in testing as it is in production .
The presence or absence of an index can completely change locking behaviour , for the better or worse .
7.2 Implement Appropriate Monitoring
Another vital strategy is to ensure that appropriate monitoring is implemented to allow identification of locking problems during testing .
Without appropriate monitoring , Lock Contention and Database Deadlock problems may occur but not be noticed or identified for what they are .
This is especially problematic with intermittent and timing dependent problems .
Also , Long Term Blocking or System Deadlock problems may occur , but sufficient information will not be available to identify them as such and to enable diagnosis of the cause .
The exact monitoring required will depend on your application and DBMS .
However , the following are crucial :
Detect Long Term Blocking events and ensure that sufficient information is gathered .
Also ensure that notification is sent out and that processes exist to ensure that these events are investigated .
Detect Database Deadlock events and ensure that notification is sent out and that processes exist to ensure that these events are investigated .
Capture statistical information on locking and ensure that there is a process to review this regularly and act upon problems identified .
Capture information on application level blocking ( e.g. thread contention )
The appropriate tools for such monitoring vary with DBMS and application technology .
7.3 Design Explicit Locking Tests
Designing explicit locking tests is also critical .
By considering the possible locking problems and your specific application , it is possible to prepare test that will increase the chances of finding locking problems during testing .
This testing , in general , will need to involve performance or load test automation in order to be successful .
This testing needs to consider 3 factors .
7.3.1 Normal Activity
When designing explicit locking tests , it is best to start with tests that simulate " normal activity " .
This vague term is meant to indicate the workload that the application or system is most often required to support .
This would generally include short requests or actions involving a wide breadth of functionality .
7.3.2 Long Running Tasks
As opposed to Normal Activity , Long Running Tasks are the less frequent components of workload that tend to take a long time to execute .
These are often batch or schedule tasks which would be run infrequently during a day or week .
Examples would be data synchronization events , index rebuilds , or backups .
Depending on the application or system , they may also involve end - user initiated actions that are expected to take a long time to execute .
Examples would be report execution , user initiated exports , or batch imports .
7.3.3 Data Overlap
Data overlap is an important concept in defining explicit locking tests .
Levels of data overlap must be explicitly designed into the tests .
The reason for this is that some locking would be expected .
For example , if 10 users were all attempting to update the username of the same user , blocking and contention would be expected .
However , if 10 users were all attempting to update the usernames for different users , then blocking and contention would not be expected or desirable .
When defining these tests , the following sequence is recommended .
Start with Normal Activity Add in Long Running Tasks , starting with minimal data overlap Increase level of data overlap
7.4 Combine Automation w/ Manual Testing
The fourth strategy is to combine automation with manual testing .
In many testing processes , Performance Testing ( under which much of the above would be categorized ) , functional automated testing , and manual testing are completed separately .
They often involve different teams and different equipment .
However , this can greatly limit the ability to reproduce locking problems during testing .
This is because automated testing , even that which follows an explicit locking test plan , will almost always be narrower in scope than manual testing .
Automation creates a " beaten path " where problems are quickly identified and resolved .
Conversely , manual testing environments often involve broader and more variable activity .
This usage is also often more valid than that which results from automation .
By combining automated load testing with manual testing , it will be possible to reproduce a much broader set of locking issues than would be possible through load testing alone .
And by implementing the same monitoring used to detect locking in fully automated tests , one can be sure that problems which do occur will be identified .
Combining these in a UAT environment can also help to assess the severity of locking problems that occur .
Load test automation that pushes a system to extreme levels of concurrency may result in locking issues which would not occur under normal conditions .
Running load tests , at realistic levels , during UAT can help to assess whether these problems will actually occur and whether they must be fixed prior to release .
8. When To Be Concerned
Locking issues and their relative impact can be very hard to predict .
However , the following is a list of some scenarios where QA professionals should be particularly concerned .
The application has a combination of short and long running transactions
An application is being ported from Oracle to another DBMS An application is moving from a standalone application tier to a clustered application tier .
The application accesses multiple databases .
How to fix - Workarounds
This paper is mainly focused on how to identify problems during testing .
Diagnosing and resolving these problems often requires code changes by developers which are beyond the scope of action for QA professionals .
However , there are some configuration level changes , not involving code changes , which can help .
There are also some workarounds that the QA professional should know about , since the implications can be problematic .
9.1 SQL Server : NOLOCK Hints
Most DBMS 's allow for hints to be provided in SQL statements .
In general , these do not change the end result of a statement but will alter the execution plan or some other behaviour .
However , one such hint which is often used in SQL Server to work around problems of Select Blocking is the NOLOCK hint .
A NOLOCK hint tells the DBMS to relax the Isolation property and leads to " dirty reads " .
This allows a statement to complete without placing any locks , thereby avoiding Select Blocking and reducing the overhead on the lock manager .
However , this will lead to uncommitted data being returned .
QA professionals should be aware of all places where NOLOCK hints are used within applications because they can cause strange and complicated problems .
This is especially true when a NOLOCK hint is used in a query that will populate a cache .
In this scenario , cache corruption can occur if " dirty data " read into the cache is then rolled back .
This can also lead to variable behaviour depending on whether the data is cached or results in a database query .
9.2 SQL Server : READ_COMMITED_SNAPSHOT
SQL Server 2005 introduced the new READ_COMMITED_SNAPSHOT isolation level .
This may be enabled for an entire database and will result in behaviour similar to that seen with Oracle ( i.e. select statements will generally not block ) .
This is not enabled by default and must be explicitly enabled .
Since the TEMP DB is used to store older versions , this can put additional strain on the TEMP DB .
However , this option is overhead is generally manageable and well worth the benefit of reducing locking issues .
9.3 SQL Server : Disable Lock Escalation
Lock escalation can be disabled using the TraceFlag - 1211 or Trace Flag - 1224 trace flags .
However , these should be used with caution as they can lead to other problems related to exhaustion of memory .
9.4 SQL Server : Avoid Full Table Scans with Indexes
If common queries are leading to full table scans on SQL Server without READ_COMMITED_SNAPSHOT , this can increase the chances of locking problems .
This is because the full table scan will access every row and will be impacted if any row is locked .
Creating an index that is included in the execution plan will reduce the incidence of locking .
9.5 Oracle : Size INITRANS
Problems relating to ITL locks can often be avoided by setting a larger INITRANS parameter .
This database level change can often be implemented during installation of your system and can be implemented after the fact ( though this requires a rebuilding of the related objects ) .
The proper size depends on many factors and a larger INITRANS will result in less compact data storage .
As such , these changes should only be done in close consultation with a trained DBA .
Related Methods & Tools articles
The Return of ACID in the Design of NoSQL Databases
Behavior Driven Database Development ( BDDD )
More Database Knowledge
Database Tutorials and Videos
Click here to view the complete list of archived articles
This article was originally published in the Spring 2009 issue of Methods & Tools
Russia has accused Ukraine of stealing gas meant for Europe Russian state energy company Gazprom has resumed some gas supplies through Ukraine to Europe , after they were cut for nearly a week .
Russian TV stations showed a Gazprom official ordering a resumption of supplies to Balkan countries .
Analysts say supplies could in theory return to normal within 24 hours , but a more likely time frame is 36 - 48 hours .
Hundreds of thousands of Europeans were left without gas when Russia turned off the taps in a dispute with Ukraine .
The BBC's Rupert Wingfield - Hayes , at the Sudzha pumping station on the Russian - Ukrainian border , says the underlying cause of the crisis has not even started to be resolved , and Russia is still not providing Kiev with any gas for its domestic consumption .
The two countries are locked in an ongoing bilateral dispute over debts and prices .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
See map of affected area Russia shut off the gas to Europe last Wednesday after it accused Kiev of stealing gas meant for other European customers .
Ukraine 's domestic supply was cut a week earlier .
Hundreds of thousands of people in 15 European countries are now hoping for relief , after almost a week of suffering bitterly cold winter temperatures without any heating .
' Down to work ' Russian TV showed a Gazprom official , Sergey Pavlov , speaking by phone at 1030 local time ( 0730 GMT ) to a technician from the transportation company .
The official gave the order to resume supplies of 76 million cu m per day through Sudzha for consumers in the Balkan region , Turkey and Moldova .
The commission welcomes the announcement from Russia that the gas flow is back in the pipes - our monitors are checking this on the ground
Ferran Tarradellas
European Commission spokesman
Cold comfort for Europe Press cautiously welcomes deal Q&A : Europe needs Russian gas
The technician responded : " I have received the order .
We are implementing it . "
Our correspondent says that , soon after the announcement , gauges started to show that gas was flowing .
There has been no word on whether gas supplies through four other pumping stations into Ukraine have been resumed .
Ukrainian officials said the gas could take around 36 hours to reach Europe .
But Gazprom spokesman Sergey Kupriyanov said the pressure in the pipelines should be sufficient for the gas to be pumped in and out of Ukraine simultaneously .
" As soon as we start pumping the gas at the entry point , it should appear at the exit point , " he said in a statement .
The European Commission reacted positively to the news that gas was flowing again .
" The commission welcomes the announcement from Russia that the gas flow is back in the pipes , " spokesman Ferran Tarradellas told AFP news agency .
" Our monitors are checking this on the ground . "
Under the deal agreed on Monday , EU and Russian observers will monitor supplies in and out of Ukraine , in order to calm Russian fears that Ukraine is siphoning off gas for its own use .
Ukraine has denied this allegation .
Despite a deal signed by Russia , Ukraine and the Czech presidency of the EU , it may be some time before supplies return to normal .
Major shortages Russia cut gas supplies to Ukraine on New Year 's Day , saying it would pump only enough for customers further down the pipeline .
Thousands of Europeans have been left without gas in freezing temperatures
But then Moscow accused Ukraine of siphoning off gas intended for third countries and it restricted supplies even further .
Ukraine denied the claim , but the flow of Russian gas ceased completely on 7 January , leaving many European countries with major shortages .
The EU gets a quarter of its gas supplies from Russia - 80 % of which passes through Ukraine - and more than 15 countries across central Europe have been hit by the shutdown of Russian supplies .
Serbia and Bosnia - Hercegovina are among the worst hit as many homes rely on heating stations that only run on gas .
Reported shortages Wider gas network Show labels Back to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Spirit ’s specialty is the supercheap ticket from a major American city to vacation spots like Jamaica , the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico , and it ’s ideal for people spontaneous enough to jump on last - minute sales , sometimes for tickets that cost as little as $ 9 , one way .
But consider yourself warned : Spirit unabashedly contends that its only obligation to customers is getting them safely from Point A to Point B. Everything else is extra .
And like its European inspiration , Ryanair , the company takes the word “ nonrefundable ” very literally .
There is no excuse , plea or tap dance that will save you from the $ 110 change fee if you miss your plane .
Not surprisingly , a lot of people find this  there is no other word  outrageous .
Given that Spirit flies about seven million people a year , just one - tenth of the traffic handled by a traditional airline like United , it has inspired an amazing amount of online venting , to the Department of Transportation and on Web sites like consumeraffairs.com .
Most of it is from Spirit fliers who were charged fees they say they did n’t see coming , or could n’t get refunds they thought they deserved , or who had to buy new tickets on different airlines when Spirit flights were canceled .
( Spirit typically will offer to put you on its next plane , but if that plane does n’t arrive for another day , and you need to leave that night , the response occasionally translates as , “ Your problem , not ours . ” )
Image Ben Baldanza is chief of Spirit , which prides itself on minimal service and low costs .
Employees help by vacuuming the office .
Credit ... Alex Quesada for The New York Times
Is this , as they say , any way to run an airline ?
Yes it is , says Ben Baldanza , 47 , Spirit ’s chief executive .
A short , genial guy with wire - rimmed glasses and a big smile , Mr. Baldanza has one of those naturally booming voices that suggests he ’s giving a speech in a banquet hall , even when his audience is two feet away .
One recent afternoon , he sat at a round table in his office here , in a generic - looking industrial park about 25 minutes northwest of Miami , and explained his rather pitiless approach to cost- cutting and complaining passengers  particularly those who he believes have nothing to complain about .
The Nebraska State Court of Appeals has dismissed a lawsuit filed against God by a former State Senator .
Ernie Chambers sought a permanent injunction against God , saying that he has inspired fear and caused “ widespread death , destruction and terrorization of millions . ”
The case was originally heard in 2007 , where it was chucked out by a County district judge on the grounds that God had not been served court papers .
Chambers appealed , arguing that God did n’t need to be served notice , because he ’d know about the case .
The Appeals Court overturned the earlier ruling , but chose to dismiss the lawsuit anyway on the basis that the Court cannot “ decide abstract questions or hypothetical or fictitious issues . ”
According to local reports , Chambers said his lawsuit raises serious issues .
Ceiling Cat , god of the universe was unavailable for comment .
Why are we asking this now ?
The Government 's appointed Chief Scientist and latter - day Nostradamus , Professor John Beddington , has predicted that within 20 years the world could face " a perfect storm " of food , energy and water shortages that will create a crisis of unprecedented proportions .
Yesterday , in a speech to the Sustainable Development UK conference , the Prof Beddington predicted that food and energy demand will grow by 50 per cent and water supplies 30 per cent greater than current ones will be required by 2030 .
" There 's not going to be a complete collapse , " he said , " but things will start to get really worrying if we do n't tackle these problems " – chief among them that the global population will grow to 8.3 billion by 2030 .
" This is a very gloomy picture , " he concluded .
What motivated this alarming outburst ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Prof Beddington claims that " the reason for saying all this is that if we are actually going to get science and technology in place to address the issues , we should do it now " .
He says he is particularly concerned that the recent collapse in oil and commodity prices , along with global recession , will encourage conservation issues to fall off the agenda .
Worse , hundreds of millions of dollars worth of capital expenditure by big oil firms , invested in research into alternative energy sources , has been cut back in these hard times .
He warned : " We ca n't afford to be complacent .
Just because the high prices have dropped does n't mean we can relax . "
He also pointed out that today international food reserves are at a 50 - year low , leading to price volatility , and that our strategies for storing and producing food have flaws which , by 2030 , may well become fatal for large sections of the population who will starve .
His concerns about water supplies , meanwhile , are echoed by the United Nations Environmental Programme which predicts widespread shortages across Africa , Europe and Asia by 2025 when the amount of water available per head of the population is expected to decline sharply .
This all sounds pretty depressing .
What about climate change ?
There 's no escaping this .
Climate issues play a crucial role in Prof Beddington 's " perfect storm " thesis .
In the first instance climate change will have a transformative effect on the shape of the world .
There is already melting of the tropical glaciers and significant decrease in the Arctic ice cover .
On Wednesday some scientists at the Royal Society voiced concerns that the Arctic could be free of ice by the summer of 2030 .
" These issues really have to be addressed in combination , " concludes Prof Beddington .
" You can't address the food security issue if you ignore water or climate change .
Similarly , you can't address climate change if you ignore the fact that the world needs to feed itself and actually use energy supplies . "
How will all this effect the UK ?
In essence , Britain is relatively lucky , with our temperate climate we are unlikely to suffer dramatic food shortages but if we do not create better food reserves we are likely to suffer volatile prices .
We might also expect to see greater rainfall , higher temperatures and more pests .
These climate changes could , however , mean that northern Europe , Britain included , will become a new key centre for food production .
Further afield the picture looks bleaker with shortages and climate change affecting the poorest countries in the world most dramatically .
In Africa , for example , there are predictions that between 75 and 250 million people could be effected , especially in those countries that rely on farming .
Some estimates suggest that some African harvests could yield half what they currently do by 2020 .
Furthermore , the UN estimate that up to 50 million people could become " environmentally displaced " by the effects of climate change – putting more pressure on already over - populated cities .
So what can we do to save ourselves from this doom - laden scenario ?
By 2030 there are some obvious steps we should take which would include establishing greater co-ordinating efforts to clean water , and save it ; to establish better food reserves and global energy security .
But there is fierce debate about how best to achieve these ends .
To give just one example , governments are increasingly keen to create new nuclear reactors , which they say are provide clean and green energy .
Some argue the reverse – that the amount of energy required to mine the Earth 's limited uranium reserves is massive , while plans for next - generation " fast - breeder " reactors , though more efficient , will create significant amounts of plutonium waste .
There are other debates over genetically - modified crops , and perfected species which some label " Frankenstein Foods " but which may hold the key to growing more food on less land .
Only yesterday the " Stress Tolerant Rice for Africa and South Asia " project announced pioneering research in Burkina Faso , Ghana , Guinea and Nigeria of 80 varieties of rice designed to survive in the iron - rich soils of West Africa .
We must settle these issues quickly if we are to find a way to thrive in the long term .
And what about in the short term ?
We have already seen the ravages caused by spikes in food costs .
In 2007 , global wheat prices rose by 77 per cent .
One observation made by Prof Stephen Hopper , director of the Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew , is that the world relies too heavily on a tiny number of key species of plants for food .
Last month he urged British farmers to enlarge the range of crops they grow to safeguard future supplies .
There is also a growing body of evidence that biofuel crops may actually cause food prices to rise .
What about politicians ?
Can they help ?
Well , the jury is out until G20 and the next international summit on climate change in Copenhagen this winter .
But there are some rapid political changes that can be made .
Prof Beddington believes that apart from national scientific advisers , the InterGovernemental Panel on Climate Change , Climate Scientists at all the world 's leading universities and , of course , the UN , there is an urgent need for " brutal " scientific advice from nominated scientists at an European level .
This might help settle some of those issues .
Is n't this suggestion just more ' jobs for the climate change boys ' ?
President Obama has placed a great deal of importance on science , appointing three leading scientists to his advisory council as well as leading scientists like Steven Chu at the Department of Energy , and Jane Lubchenco at the Oceonagraphic and Atmospheric Administration .
This contrasts with the European Commission which has no formal adviser .
Among member states only the British and Irish government 's have Chief Scientific Advisors .
Should we be scared ?
Even Prof Beddington admits that his predictions are " bleak " – crises in climate , food , energy and water could indeed conspire against us , but there are a range of " externalities " he does not consider .
These include technological advances in the fields of information systems , battery production , and alternative energy supplies – which will lead to massive efficiency savings across all sectors of the global economy .
Similarly , human behaviour – from plastic bag use to car - emissions – are already helping to save energy and more will soon follow .
But neither of these factors play a role in the " perfect storm " hypothesis .
Will we be living in a dystopian nightmare world within 20 years ?
Yes ...
* By 2030 we may lack about 50 per cent of the food and energy we need to sustain everyone on the planet
* Millions of people may have been displaced from their homes and nations by water shortages
* It is more than conceivable that critical shortages of resources will lead to global instability and war
No ...
* Do n't take scientists ' scare tactics too seriously .
By overstating their concerns , they receive more funding
* A raft of technological advances and efficiency savings will ensure that the worst aspects of climate change are ameliorated
* We will certainly not become extinct – nature always finds a way
Unioning file systems : Architecture , features , and design choices
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
A unioning file system combines the namespaces of two or more file systems together to produce a single merged namespace .
This is useful for things like a live CD / DVD : you can union - mount a small , writable file system on top of a read - only DVD file system and have a usable system without needing to transfer the system files from the DVD to the root file system .
Another use is to export a single read - only base file system via NFS to multiple clients , each with their own small , writable overlay file system union mounted on top .
Another use might be a default set of files for a home directory .
Unioning file systems of various sorts have been around since at least the Translucent File Service ( or File System ) , written around 1988 for SunOS .
BSD has had union mounts since 4.4 BSD - Lite , around 1994 , and Plan 9 implemented union directories in a similar time frame .
The first prototype of a union - style file system for Linux was the Inheriting File System ( IFS ) , written by Werner Almsberger for Linux 0.99 in 1993 .
It was later abandoned , as Werner writes , because " I looked back at what I did and was disgusted by its complexity . "
Later implementations for Linux include unionfs ( 2003 ) , aufs ( 2006 ) , and union mounts ( 2004 ) , as well as FUSE prototypes and implementations of various forms .
So how is it that in 2009 , Linux still does not have an in - tree unioning file system ?
The short answer is that none of the existing implementations meet the kernel maintainers ' standards of simplicity , clarity , and correctness .
What makes it so difficult to write a unioning file system that meets these standards ?
In this week 's article , we 'll review general unioning file system concepts , and common design problems and solutions .
In a subsequent article , we 'll review the top contenders for a mainline kernel unioning file system for Linux , as well as unioning file systems for other operating systems .
Unioning file systems implementation guidelines
First , let 's define what a useful unioning file system implementation would look like .
The basic desire is to have one read - only file system , and some sort of writable overlay on top .
The overlay must persistently store changes and allow arbitrary manipulation of the combined namespace ( including persistent effective removal of parts of the read - only namespace - " whiteouts " ) .
The implementation should be fast enough for use as a root file system , and should require little or no modification of underlying file systems .
It should be implemented in the kernel ; FUSE - based file systems have many uses but are n't appropriate for many use cases ( root file systems , embedded systems , high ( or even moderate ) file system performance , etc. ) .
A successful unioning file system will be an improvement ( in terms of disk space used , cost of code maintenance , deployment time , etc. ) over the alternatives - copying over all the files up front , clever division of file systems into multiple mount points , or writing an entire new on - disk file system .
If we gain all the features of a unioning file system , but complicate the VFS code too much , we 'll have a union file system at the cost of a slow , unmaintainable , buggy VFS implementation .
If a union file system includes as much or more code than the underlying file system implementations , you start to wonder if supporting unioning in underlying file systems individually would be more maintainable .
One alternative to unioning file systems is the copy - on - write block device , often used for virtualized system images .
A COW block device works for many applications , but for some the overhead of a block device is much higher than that of a unioning file system .
Writes to a file system on a COW block device will produce many duplicated blocks as the bitmaps , journals , directory entries , etc. are written .
A change that could be encapsulated in a few bytes of directory entry in a unioning file system could require several hundred kilobytes of change at the block level .
Worse , changes to a block device tend only to grow ; even with content - based block merging ( not a common feature ) , two file systems which are logically nearly identical may differ by many megabytes at the block level .
An important case is one in which you delete many files ; with a unioning file system this will decrease the space needed to store differences .
With a COW block device , used space will increase .
One problem that should NOT be solved by unioning file systems ( and file systems in general ) is source control .
Modern source control systems are quite good compared to the crud we had to live with back in the 1990's .
Source control software back then was so buggy and slow that it actually seemed like a good idea to implement parts of it in the kernel ; indeed , some commercially successful source control systems still in use today require explicit file system support .
Nowadays , many fast , reliable source control systems are available and it is generally agreed that complex and policy - heavy software should be implemented outside of the kernel .
( Those who disagree are welcome to write gitfs . )
General concepts
Most unioning file systems share some general concepts .
This section describes branches , whiteouts , opaque directories , and file copy up .
Branches are the various file systems that are unioned together .
Branch access policies can be read - only , writable , or more complex variations which depend on the permissions of other branches .
Branches are ordered or stacked ; usually the branch " on top " is the writable branch and the branch " on the bottom " is read - only .
Branches can sometimes be re-ordered , removed , added , or their permissions changed on the fly .
A commonly required feature is that when a particular directory entry is deleted from a writable branch , that directory entry should never appear again , even if it appears in a lower branch .
That is , deleting a file named " x " should result in no file named " x " in that directory afterward , even if a file named " x " exists in a lower branch .
Usually this is implemented through a combination of whiteouts and opaque directories .
A whiteout is a directory entry that covers up all entries of a particular name from lower branches .
An opaque directory does not allow any of the namespace from the lower branches to show through from that point downwards in the namespace .
When a file on a read - only branch is altered , it must be copied up to some writable branch .
Copy up is usually triggered either when the file is opened with write permissions , or when the first write to the file 's data or metadata occurs .
Common design problems
Unioning file systems often run into the same difficult design problems .
Often , these problems only have a few obvious options with built - in tradeoffs , and unioning file systems can be characterized to some degree by which set of tradeoffs they choose .
In this section , we 'll review some of the top design problems and their common solutions .
Namespace pollution : Often , whiteouts , opaque directories , persistent inode numbers , and any other persistent file system data are stored in specially - named files .
These files clutter up the available namespace and produce unexpected behavior .
Some minor namespace pollution has been acceptable in UNIX as long as it is restricted to the top - level directory ( think " / lost + found " ) , but namespace pollution on a per- directory or per - file basis is generally frowned on .
Solutions to this problem include various ways of shuffling around the namespace pollution - moving it to a single subdirectory per directory or file system or storing it in an external file system - or not creating namespace pollution in the first place ( which generally requires support from the underlying file system ) .
Whiteouts and opaque directories :
While the concepts of whiteouts and opaque directories are fairly general , the implementation varies .
The most common option is to create a directory entry with a special name , such as " .wh. < filename > " which indicates that the corresponding directory entry should never be returned .
This can cause clashes with user file names and prevent stacking one union over another .
It also makes directory removal time - consuming .
An " empty " directory can have many thousands of whiteout entries which must be deleted before the rmdir ( ) can complete .
Sometimes directory removals are pushed off to a special work thread to improve rmdir ( ) latency .
Another option is to create a special file or directory entry type to mark whiteout directory entries , and give whiteout directory entries a reserved inode number .
The name in the directory entry itself is the same as the name being whited out and does not appear in directory listings .
This form of whiteouts requires support from the underlying file system to store the necessary flags and from the file system utilities to accept the special entries .
One more option is to make whiteout entries be hard links to special whiteout files , or symbolic links to reserved targets .
The hard link solution requires handling the case of exceeding the maximum link count on the target file .
Directories can be marked opaque with either a flag in the directory inode ( again requiring support from the underlying file system ) or with a directory entry with a reserved name , like " .opaque " .
Timing of directory copies :
When a file is created on a writable branch in a directory that exists only on another branch , the entire directory path to that file must be present on the writable branch .
The path can be created on - demand when the target file is copied , or each directory may be preemptively copied to the writable branch as it is opened .
Creating paths on demand introduces complexity , locking issues , and additional latency on file writes .
Creating paths on directory open simplifies code and improves latency on file write , but uses up additional ( often negligible ) space on the writable branch .
Kernel memory usage : Unioning file systems often introduce new data structures , extra copies of data structures , and a variety of cached metadata .
For example , a union of two file systems may require three VFS inodes to be allocated for one logical object .
The most common implementation of whiteouts and duplicate entry removal requires reading all directory entries from all branches into memory and constructing a coherent view of the directory there .
If this cache is maintained across system calls , we have to worry about regenerating it when underlying branches change .
When it is not cached , we have to reallocate memory and remerge the entries repeatedly .
Either way , a lot of kernel memory must be allocated .
Code cleanliness :
One of the main points of a unioning file system is to reuse existing file system code , with the expected benefits in ease of maintenance and future development in that code base .
If the implementation is excessively complex or intrusive , the net effect will be a reduction in ease of maintenance and development .
The sheer number and variety of Linux file systems ( on - disk , in - memory , and pseudo ) demonstrates the benefit of clean and simple file system interfaces .
Stack depth : The Linux kernel has a limited available stack depth .
Calling internal file system functions from unexpected code paths or , worse yet , recursively , can easily result in exceeding the kernel stack limit .
Some unioning file systems are implemented as stacked or layered file systems , which inherently add to stack depth .
Number of branches : Memory usage is often proportional to the number of branches in use .
Branches may be limited to a compile - time maximum , but allocating enough memory for the maximum is prohibitive .
Dynamic allocation and reallocation as branches are added and removed can be complex and introduce new opportunities for failure .
Coherency of changes :
A common feature request is to allow modification of more than one branch at once .
This requires some method of cache coherence between the various parts of the file system .
Usually this method is absent or only partially correct .
Users often request direct access to the file systems making up the branches of the union ( instead of access through the unioning file system ) , a situation particularly difficult to deal with .
Dynamic branch management : Users often would like to add , remove , or change the policies of branches in a union while the union is still mounted .
In trivial cases , this is a simple matter of parsing mount options and manipulating data structures , but may have major effects on any cache coherency implementation .
readdir ( ) and friends :
One of the great tragedies of the UNIX file system interface is the enshrinement of readdir ( ) , telldir ( ) , seekdir ( ) , etc. family in the POSIX standard .
An application may begin reading directory entries and pause at any time , restarting later from the " same " place in the directory .
The kernel must give out 32 - bit magic values which allow it to restart the readdir ( ) from the point where it last stopped .
Originally , this was implemented the same way as positions in a file : the directory entries were stored sequentially in a file and the number returned was the offset of the next directory entry from the beginning of the directory .
Newer file systems use more complex schemes and the value returned is no longer a simple offset .
To support readdir ( ) , a unioning file system must merge the entries from lower file systems , remove duplicates and whiteouts , and create some sort of stable mapping that allows it to resume readdir ( ) correctly .
Support from userspace libraries can make this easier by caching the results in user memory .
Stable , unique inode numbers : NFS exports and some applications expect inode numbers of files not to change between mounts , reboots , etc .
Applications also expect that files can be uniquely identified by a combination of the device id and the inode number .
A unioning file system can't just copy up the inode number from the underlying file system since the same inode is very likely to be used on more than one file system .
Unique ( but not stable ) inode numbers can be implemented fairly trivially , but stable inode numbers , require some sort of persistent state mapping files from the underlying file system to assigned inode numbers .
mmap ( ) : mmap( ) is always the hard part .
A good way to sound smart without knowing anything about file systems is to nod sagely and say , " What about mmap ( ) ? " mmap ( ) on a file in a union file system is hard because the file may suddenly disappear and be replaced with another ( copy up of a file on write from another process ) or can be changed without the cooperation of the unioning file system ( direct writes to the file systems backing branches ) .
Some unioning file systems permit forms of mmap ( ) which are not correctly implemented according to the POSIX standard .
rename ( ) between branches : rename ( ) is a convenient system call that allows atomic file renames on the same file system .
Some unioning file systems try to emulate rename ( ) across different branches .
Others just return EXDEV , the error code for an attempted rename ( ) across different file systems .
Most applications can cope with the failure of rename ( ) and fall back to a normal file copy .
File system implementation differences : Different file systems have different rules about permitted file names , allowed characters , name length , case sensitivity , extended attribute names and sizes , etc .
The unioning file system wants to translate from one file system 's rules to another .
Some union file systems just restrict the types of file systems they support rather than implement complex translation code for uncommon use cases .
Multiple hard links :
A file on a lower branch may have multiple hard links ; that is , multiple paths point to the same inode .
When a file with multiple hard links on a read - only branch is altered , strict UNIX semantics require finding all the other paths to that file and copying them to the writable branch as well .
Unfortunately , UNIX file systems generally do n't provide an efficient way to find all the paths to an inode .
Some union file systems keep a list of inodes with undiscovered alternate paths and copy them over when a new path is accessed , others just ignore the problem .
It 's an open question as to how many applications depend on the correct behavior of hard links when used in this manner .
Permissions , owner , and timestamps :
These attributes are often calculated using using a combination of underlying file system permissions , options specified on mount , the user and umask at time of mount , and branch management policies .
Exact policies vary wildly .
Feature creep : Sometimes , the features provided by unioning file systems go beyond the actual needs of 99.9 % of unioning use cases .
This may be the result of fanciful user requests , or a " just because we can " approach - users only ask for two or three branches , but it 's possible to support thousands of branches , so let 's do it , or the code is structured such that all combinations of X , Y , and Z features are trivial to implement , even though users only want X and Y or Y and Z .
Each feature may seem nearly free , but often ends up constraining the implementation or providing new opportunities for bugs .
Focus is important .
Summary
readdir ( )
Union file systems are inherently difficult to implement for many reasons , but much of the complexity and ugliness come from solving the following problems : whiteouts , support , stable inode numbers , and concurrent modifications to more than one branch at a time .
Few of these problems have obviously superior solutions , only solutions with different tradeoffs .
Coming next
In the next article , we will review BSD union mounts , unionfs , aufs , and Linux union mounts .
For each of these unioning file systems , we 'll look at specific implementation details , including kernel data structures and their solutions to the various union file system problems described in this article .
We 'll also review the issues surrounding merging each solution into the mainline Linux kernel .
We 'll wrap up with general analysis of what does and does n't work for unioning file systems , from both a purely technical and a software engineering point of view .
To be continued ...
Acknowledgements
Many discussions with developers helped with the background of this article , but this article in particular benefited from discussions with Erez Zadok , Christoph Hellwig , and Jan Blunck .
Archie : To Riverdale and Back Again ( 1990 ) 1 of 33
Last week , I covered the first reason why JavaScript can take too long to execute : too much happening in a loop .
There ’s a similar problem with functions in that sometimes they ’re just doing too much .
Usually this means there ’s too many loops ( as opposed to too much happening in a loop ) , too much recursion , or simply too many different operations being performed .
Too many loops are often caused by having loops inside of loops , locking up the JavaScript engine until all iterations are complete .
The most glaring example of this is the bubble sort algorithm .
Though there ’s no need to use this in JavaScript due to the native sort ( ) method , it ’s good to understand how it can be problematic so that you can identify similar patterns .
A typical implementation of a bubble sort in JavaScript looks like this :
function bubbleSort ( items ) { for ( var i=items.length - 1 ; i >= 0 ; i--) { for ( var j=items.length-i ; j >= 0 ; j-- ) { if ( items [j ] < items [ j - 1 ] ) { var temp = items[j ] ; items [ j ] = items [ j - 1 ] ; items [ j - 1 ] = temp ; } } } }
Thinking back to your computer science days , you ’ll probably remember that bubble sort is one of the least efficient sorting algorithms .
The problem is for every n items in the array , there must be * n2 * loop iterations .
This processing can take forever if there ’s a large amount of array items .
The comparison and swap operation done during the inner loop is actually quite simple , it ’s just the number of times that it ’s repeated in sequence that causes the problem .
This can cause the browser to grind to a halt and , potentially , result in the long - running script dialog .
A couple years ago , fellow Yahoo Julien Lecomte wrote a post entitled ,
Running CPU Intensive JavaScript Computations in a Web Browser , in which he described how to break up large JavaScript operations into several parts .
One of his clearest examples was refactoring a bubble sort into multiple steps , each of which executes a single trip through the array .
I ’ve augmented his code somewhat , but the approach remains the same :
function bubbleSort ( array , onComplete ) { var pos = 0 ; ( function ( ) { var j , value ; for ( j=array.
length ; j > pos ; j -- ) { if ( array[j ] < array [ j - 1 ] ) { value = data[ j ] ; data[ j ] = data [ j - 1 ] ; data [ j - 1 ] = value ; } } pos++ ; if ( pos < array.length ) { setTimeout( arguments.callee,10 ) ; } else { onComplete ( ) ; } } ) ( ) ; }
This function performs a bubble sort in an asynchronous manner , stopping after each trip through the array before continuing on to the next leg .
The onComplete ( ) function is called when the array is completely sorted as notification that the data is ready .
The bubbleSort ( ) function uses the same basic technique as the chunk ( ) function presented in my last post : use an anonymous function to wrap the behavior and then pass arguments .
callee into setTimeout ( ) to repeat the process until complete .
This function is a good example of how you can split up embedded loops into a series of steps to free up the browser .
A similar problem is too much recursion .
Each additional recursive call takes up memory , and eventually will slow down the browser .
The annoying thing is that you may reach a memory limit before the long - running script dialog pops up and leave the browser in an unusable state .
Crockford had a good discussion about this in his latest talk .
The example he uses is a function that generates a Fibonacci sequence :
function fibonacci ( n ) { return n < 2 ? n : fibonacci(n - 1 ) + fibonacci(n - 2 ) ; } ;
As Crockford points out , a call to fibonacci ( 40 ) results in 331,160,280 calls to itself .
The solution to avoid too much recursion is to use memoization , a technique for caching previously - calculated values .
Crockford introduces the following memoization function that can be used to create memoized versions of functions dealing with numbers :
function memoizer ( memo , fundamental ) { var shell = function ( n ) { var result = memo[n ] ; if ( typeof result !== ' number ' ) { result = fundamental ( shell , n ) ; memo[ n ] = result ; } return result ; } ; return shell ; } ;
He then applies this to the Fibonacci sequence generator :
var fibonacci = memoizer ( [ 0 , 1 ] , function ( recur , n ) { return recur(n - 1 ) + recur(n - 2 ) ; } ) ;
Calling fibonacci( 40 ) using this code results in only 40 calls to the function , a vast improvement over the original .
The overall lesson from memoization is that you should never calculate the same result twice ; if there ’s a value you ’ll need more than once , store it for later use rather than running the code to generate it again .
The final thing that causes functions to execute slowly is , as mentioned previously , that it ’s just doing too much .
Usually it ’s because of a pattern such as this :
function doAlot ( ) { doSomething ( ) ; doSomethingElse ( ) ; doOneMoreThing ( ) ; }
Here , there ’s three clearly distinct pieces of code that are being executed .
The important thing to notice is that none of the functions rely on the other functions to complete their task ; they are essentially independent of one another and just need to happen in sequence at a given point in time .
In situations like this , you can use a variant of the chunk ( ) method to execute a series of functions in a row without holding up the browser :
function schedule ( functions , context ) { setTimeout ( function ( ) { var process = functions.
shift ( ) ; process.call( context ) ; if ( functions.length > 0 ) { setTimeout ( arguments.callee , 100 ) ; } } , 100 ) ; }
The schedule function accepts two arguments , an array of functions to execute and a context object indicating the value of this inside of each function .
The functions array acts as a queue , with the topmost function being removed and executed each time the timer is executed .
This function can be used to execute a series of functions in a row like this :
schedule ( [ doSomething , doSomethingElse , doOneMoreThing ] , window ) ;
I ’m expecting that JavaScript libraries will soon start including more processing functions such as this .
YUI has already added the Queue object in version 3.0 that helps to manage the running of several functions in a row using a timer .
Regardless of the tools available to help split up complex processes , it ’s still vital for developers to be able to understand and identify bottlenecks that will benefit from using this approach .
Whether there be too many loops , too much recursion , or just plain too much going on , you now know how to deal with each .
Remember , the techniques and functions presented here are just a starting point and not a golden bullet , you should ( and will likely have to ) modify the code presented so that it works for your specific usage .
Update ( 1/20 ) : Fixed copy / paste error in schedule ( ) function .
Translations
You have already voted for this video .
1991 NBA finals Game 5 " Lakers - Bulls " The Bulls won their first championship .
This season turned ...
1991 NBA finals Game 5 " Lakers - Bulls " The Bulls won their first championship .
This season turned out to be Magic Johnson 's last NBA Finals appearance , who was without James Worthy and Byron Scott , the Laker 's # 2 and # 3 scorers , in the final game .
Finally , Bulls won their first champion with only one losing game .
Michael Jordan unanimously won his first NBA Finals MVP award , he had avg .
30 ppg , 7 rebs , 10 asts in this finals .
This blog is dedicated to the women in science and engineering , past and present .
The links below are a work in progress .
Feel free to e-mail me at peggy .
kolm ( at ) gmail ( dot ) com with suggestions or comments .
Subscribe to Women in Science in your feed reader or by e-mail
Editor ’s Note :
While we may tire of hearing bad news – the reality is that this tendency to only want to hear positive news is contributing to disaster .
We ’ve been ignoring or wishing away the potential impacts of climate catastrophe for decades .
Below George Monbiot echoes what I ’ve come to understand over the last several years – that averting dangerous climate change is now likely impossible .
Does this mean we should give up .
Hell no .
If averting it is impossible , we need to need to get frantic about minimising it .
With many people still asleep on this issue , I ’ll risk your disdain by posting the article below .
If you think preventing climate change is politically difficult , look at the political problems of adapting to it .
by George Monbiot – journalist , author , academic and environmental and political activist
Quietly in public , loudly in private , climate scientists everywhere are saying the same thing : it ’s over .
The years in which more than two degrees of global warming could have been prevented have passed , the opportunities squandered by denial and delay .
On current trajectories we ’ll be lucky to get away with four degrees .
Mitigation ( limiting greenhouse gas pollution ) has failed ; now we must adapt to what nature sends our way .
If we can .
This , at any rate , was the repeated whisper at the climate change conference in Copenhagen last week ( 1 ) .
It ’s more or less what Bob Watson , the environment department ’s chief scientific adviser , has been telling the British government ( 2 ) .
It is the obvious if unspoken conclusion of scores of scientific papers .
Recent work by scientists at the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research , for example , suggests that even global cuts of 3 % a year , starting in 2020 , could leave us with four degrees of warming by the end of the century ( 3,4 ) .
At the moment emissions are heading in the opposite direction at roughly the same rate .
If this continues , what does it mean ?
Six ?
Eight ?
Ten degrees ?
Who knows ?
Faced with such figures , I ca n’t blame anyone for throwing up his hands .
But before you succumb to this fatalism , let me talk you through the options .
Yes , it is true that mitigation has so far failed .
Sabotaged by Clinton ( 5 ) , abandoned by Bush , attended half - heartedly by the other rich nations , the global climate talks have so far been a total failure .
The targets they have set bear no relationship to the science and are negated anyway by loopholes and false accounting .
Nations like the UK which are meeting their obligations under the Kyoto protocol have succeeded only by outsourcing their pollution to other countries ( 6,7 ) .
Nations like Canada , which are flouting their obligations , face no meaningful sanctions .
Lord Stern made it too easy : he appears to have underestimated the costs of mitigation .
As the professor of energy policy Dieter Helm has shown , Stern ’s assumption that our consumption can continue to grow while our emissions fall is implausible ( 8 ) .
To have any hope of making substantial cuts we have both to reduce our consumption and transfer resources to countries like China to pay for the switch to low - carbon technologies .
As Helm notes , “ there is not much in the study of human nature — and indeed human biology — to give support to the optimist . ”
But we cannot abandon mitigation unless we have a better option .
We do n’t .
If you think our attempts to prevent emissions are futile , take a look at our efforts to adapt .
Where Stern appears to be correct is in proposing that the costs of stopping climate breakdown – great as they would be – are far lower than the costs of living with it .
Germany is spending E600 m just on a new sea wall for Hamburg ( 9 ) – and this money was committed before the news came through that sea level rises this century could be two or three times as great as the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has predicted ( 10 ) .
The Netherlands will spend E2.2bn on dykes between now and 2015 ; again they are likely to be inadequate .
The UN suggests that the rich countries should be transferring $ 50 - 75 bn a year to the poor ones now to help them cope with climate change , with a massive increase later on ( 11 ) .
But nothing like this is happening .
A Guardian investigation reveals that the rich nations have promised $ 18bn to help the poor nations adapt to climate change over the past seven years , but they have disbursed only 5 % of that money ( 12 ) .
Much of it has been transferred from foreign aid budgets anyway : a net gain for the poor of nothing ( 13 ) .
Oxfam has made a compelling case for how adaptation should be funded : nations should pay according to the amount of carbon they produce per capita , coupled with their position on the human development index ( 14 ) .
On this basis , the US should supply over 40 % of the money and the European Union over 30 % , with Japan , Canada , Australia and Korea making up the balance .
But what are the chances of getting them to cough up ?
There ’s a limit to what this money could buy anyway .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change says that “ global mean temperature changes greater than 4 °C above 1990 - 2000 levels ” would “ exceed … the adaptive capacity of many systems . ” ( 15 ) At this point there ’s nothing you can do , for example , to prevent the loss of ecosystems , the melting of glaciers and the disintegration of major ice sheets .
Elsewhere it spells out the consequences more starkly : global food production , it says , is “ very likely to decrease above about 3 °C ” ( 16 ) .
Buy your way out of that .
And it does n’t stop there .
The IPCC also finds that , above three degrees of warming , the world ’s vegetation will become “ a net source of carbon ” ( 17 ) .
This is just one of the climate feedbacks triggered by a high level of warming .
Four degrees might take us inexorably to five or six : the end – for humans – of just about everything .
Until recently , scientists spoke of carbon concentrations – and temperatures – peaking and then falling back .
But a recent paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences shows that “ climate change … is largely irreversible for 1,000 years after emissions stop . ” ( 18 ) Even if we were to cut carbon emissions to zero today , by the year 3000 our contribution to atmospheric concentrations would decline by just 40 % .
High temperatures would remain more or less constant until then .
If we produce it we ’re stuck with it .
In the rich nations we will muddle through , for a few generations , and spend nearly everything we have on coping .
But where the money is needed most there will be nothing .
The ecological debt the rich world owes to the poor will never be discharged , just as it has never accepted that it should offer reparations for the slave trade and for the pillage of gold , silver , rubber , sugar and all the other commodities taken without due payment from its colonies .
Finding the political will for crash cuts in carbon production is improbable .
But finding the political will – when the disasters have already begun – to spend adaptation money on poor nations rather than on ourselves will be impossible .
The world wo n’t adapt and can’t adapt : the only adaptive response to a global shortage of food is starvation .
Of the two strategies it is mitigation , not adaptation , which turns out to be the most feasible option , even if this stretches the concept of feasibility to the limits .
As Dieter Helm points out , the action required today is unlikely but “ not impossible .
It is a matter ultimately of human well being and ethics . ” ( 19 )
Yes , it might already be too late – even if we reduced emissions to zero tomorrow – to prevent more than two degrees of warming , but we cannot behave as if it is , for in doing so we make the prediction come true .
Tough as this fight may be , improbable as success might seem , we cannot afford to surrender .
References :
Creative professionals who seek the fastest , easiest , most comprehensive way to learn Adobe software choose this Classroom in a Book® from the best - selling series of hands - on software training workbooks .
This series offers what no other book or training program does — an official training series from Adobe Systems Incorporated , developed with the support of Adobe product experts .
MATRIX : Myths and Reality
Through a series of state " " Freedom of Information Act " " requests , the ACLU has begun to learn more about the secretive program known as the Multi-State Anti-Terrorism Information Exchange ( MATRIX ) .
Documents obtained by the ACLU make it clear that there is a great deal of misinformation being spread about the program by the program 's law enforcement boosters as well as the private company that runs it .
A lot remains unknown about this secretive program - for example , what type of commercial data it contains , how it is being used to monitor Americans , and how much it will cost .
But documents from state and federal authorities and the officials that run the program enable us to separate myth from reality .
Especially instructive were the minutes of the state and corporate officials overseeing the MATRIX program .
Myth :
The MATRIX is about fighting terrorism .
Reality : The MATRIX has little to do with terrorism .
Like so many surveillance programs today , MATRIX is being pitched as a means of stopping terrorists ( for example , the Total Information Awareness program suddenly became " " Terrorism Information Awareness " " in the face of growing public and Congressional opposition ) .
But it seems clear that the real aim and utility of the program is in everyday law enforcement .
For example , a promotional pamphlet obtained by the ACLU from Florida describes 15 different examples of how the MATRIX can be used , but only one has any relationship to terrorism ; the rest are everyday law enforcement activities .
[ 1 ]
A 12 - page memorandum governing the sharing of information between MATRIX and the state of Pennsylvania never once mentions terrorism or terrorist activities . [ 2 ]
Myth : MATRIX does not utilize data mining .
Reality : Data mining has always been one of the most important components of the MATRIX program .
MATRIX officials have claimed that the program does not include the highly controversial practice of law enforcement " " data mining , " " in which an automated computer program scans through the records of everyone - criminal and innocent alike - in a search for patterns that are thought to suggest wrongdoing .
But the documents obtained by the ACLU contain numerous explicit references to data mining , including meeting minutes of the MATRIX board , [ 3 ] presentations by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement [ 4 ] and in FDLE budget documents .
[ 5 ]
In the application by the Institute for Intergovernmental Research for the original $ 4 million Department of Justice grant that funded MATRIX , for example , one of the four objectives of the program that were listed was to " " develop and pilot test a model data mining and integration system for terrorist and other intelligence information . " " [ 6 ]
Myth : MATRIX contains information that has always been routinely available to law enforcement .
Reality : MATRIX gives law enforcement unprecedented access to enormous stores of commercially available information .
MATRIX appears to include a mix of corporate data , court records and other data compiled by private industry , and records provided directly by the states .
This information includes property ownership , address history ( including all the people an individual has ever lived with ) , business and corporate information , marine vessels , U.S. directory assistance , public utility services connections , bankruptcies , liens and judgments , UCC filings , FCC pilot information , hunting and fishing licenses , gun licenses , professional licenses , voter registrations , and U.S. domain names .
The MATRIX also includes drivers license data from 15 states , criminal offender information from 35 states and court data from parts of 15 states including felony , misdemeanor and traffic violations going back decades . [ 7 ]
Those records are apparently only the tip of the iceberg .
MATRIX records obtained from Connecticut , Florida and Michigan , claim the ability to access billions of records .
This is in addition to all the other government data available from other states such as drivers ' license information and criminal offender records . [ 8 ]
The federal government has paid more than $ 9 million to a private company , [ 9 ] Seisint , Inc. , the sole business of which is to sell and manipulate commercial data .
It is impossible to know how much data it has received on private citizens for its money .
Myth : MATRIX is run by states .
Reality : MATRIX is almost completely funded by the federal government .
Documents make clear the substantial role of the federal government in this program , which raises the question of whether the MATRIX is at least in part an attempt by federal authorities to cultivate a data mining system that will not attract the attention or oversight of a program like Total Information Awareness , the Pentagon program shut down by Congress .
According to documents obtained from Connecticut , MATRIX has received $ 12 million in federal funding - $ 4 million from the Department of Justice and $ 8 million from the Department of Homeland Security . [ 10 ]
The DHS intelligence analysis center has access to its records . [ 11 ]
And documents obtained by the ACLU reveal that not only were federal officials present at organizational meetings [ 12 ] , but that a " " data mining application , called FCIC Plus " " was developed " " with the help of the FBI , INS , DEA , and the U.S. Secret Service . " " [ 13 ]
The only contributions by the states so far have been the unknown costs of compiling their own data .
However , MATRIX will eventually cost states large sums to maintain their presence in the system .
When Texas withdrew from the system they estimated the cost as more than $ 1.7 million annually . [ 14 ]
Myth :
The accuracy of data in MATRIX is checked before law enforcement takes action .
Reality :
There is no guarantee that the accuracy of the data will be checked and every reason to believe that it wo n't be .
Time after time , both government and private databases have been revealed to be riddled with errors , and MATRIX will be no different .
In fact , the contract between MATRIX and Seisint ( the private company supplying MATRIX with data ) states that it cannot guarantee the " " correctness or completeness " " of data in the system . [ 15 ]
States that utilize the system are responsible for " " assuring that any information relied upon is accurate , current , valid , and complete . " " [ 16 ]
However , MATRIX " " Success Stories " " consistently describes law enforcement taking action based solely upon the information contained in MATRIX . [ 17 ]
Myth : MATRIX has adequate security measures in place .
Reality : State agencies have raised serious concerns about the safety of data in MATRIX .
When a system like MATRIX brings various sources of information together to create detailed dossiers on individuals , security must be a top concern .
But apparently issues remain ; the Georgia Department of Motor Vehicle Safety raised a number of concerns regarding the security of the MATRIX system . [ 18 ]
As of the fall of 2003 , Seisint seems to have no procedure to change passwords for access to the MATRIX system . [ 19 ] ,
In addition , because the MATRIX database has to be refreshed with a complete copy of state records , a full copy of a state 's drivers ' license data or other confidential data must be sent to MATRIX every month , leaving it very vulnerable to theft . [ 20 ]
Myth : Information in MATRIX is only available to employees of law enforcement organizations .
Reality : A number of private individuals have access to the MATRIX .
At least 15 Seisint employees have access to the MATRIX database . [ 21 ]
Hank Asher , Seisint 's founder , had access to this system before court records revealed that he was an unindicted co-conspirator in a group responsible for bringing more than $ 150 - million worth of cocaine into Florida in a single year . [ 22 ]
Further , it was Asher 's former company that administered the contract that stripped thousands of African Americans from the Florida voter rolls before the 2000 election , erroneously contending that they were felons . [ 23 ]
It was a full year after the program began before Seisint Inc. performed background checks on employees involved with MATRIX . [ 24 ]
Myth : MATRIX is controlled by the state of Florida .
Reality : A private company , Seisint , Inc. , has complete control over the MATRIX system .
Hank Asher , Seisint 's founder , first conceived the MATRIX system , [ 25 ] and all the information in the MATRIX is housed in the company 's computers . [ 26 ]
MATRIX utilizes the company 's private commercial databases [ 27 ] and Seisint 's employees provide all technical support for the system . [ 28 ]
For all practical purposes Seisint controls everything in the MATRIX and every application it performs .
Myth : MATRIX is different from the Total Information Awareness system ( TIA ) .
Reality : MATRIX shares almost every characteristic of the federal effort to monitor private citizens .
Like John Poindexter 's infamous Total Information Awareness system that was shut down by Congress , MATRIX brings together information on individuals from diverse sources - various government records as well as more than 20 billion commercial records [ 29 ] - and uses a computer data mining tool to scan those records in a search for signs of wrongdoing . [ 30 ]
It is paid for almost completely by the federal government . [ 31 ]
Most importantly , it wipes out privacy by making the ever - increasing list of individuals ' activities that are recorded by private or public entities subject ever after to scrutiny by the authorities . [ 32 ]
What the government could n't sell through a Pentagon program , it is now trying to accomplish at arm 's length through the states .
In his address to Congress Tuesday evening , President Barack Obama emphasized how developing clean energy and improving efficiency is essential to rescuing the economy .
President Obama promised government investment in three areas that he called " absolutely critical to our economic future , " energy , healthcare , and education .
Here 's the energy part :
It begins with energy .
We know the country that harnesses the power of clean , renewable energy will lead the 21st century .
And yet , it is China that has launched the largest effort in history to make their economy energy efficient .
We invented solar technology , but we ’ve fallen behind countries like Germany and Japan in producing it .
New plug - in hybrids roll off our assembly lines , but they will run on batteries made in Korea .
Well , I do not accept a future where the jobs and industries of tomorrow take root beyond our borders – and I know you do n’t either .
It is time for America to lead again .
Thanks to our recovery plan , we will double this nation ’s supply of renewable energy in the next three years .
We have also made the largest investment in basic research funding in American history – an investment that will spur not only new discoveries in energy , but breakthroughs in medicine , science , and technology .
We will soon lay down thousands of miles of power lines that can carry new energy to cities and towns across this country .
And we will put Americans to work making our homes and buildings more efficient so that we can save billions of dollars on our energy bills .
But to truly transform our economy , protect our security , and save our planet from the ravages of climate change , we need to ultimately make clean , renewable energy the profitable kind of energy .
So I ask this Congress to send me legislation that places a market - based cap on carbon pollution and drives the production of more renewable energy in America .
And to support that innovation , we will invest 15 billion dollars a year to develop technologies like wind power and solar power , advanced biofuels , clean coal , and more fuel - efficient cars and trucks built right here in America .
As for our auto industry , everyone recognizes that years of bad decisionmaking and a global recession have pushed our automakers to the brink .
We should not , and will not , protect them from their own bad practices .
But we are committed to the goal of a retooled , reimagined auto industry that can compete and win .
Millions of jobs depend on it .
Scores of communities depend on it .
And I believe the nation that invented the automobile cannot walk away from it .
None of this will come without cost , nor will it be easy .
But this is America .
We do n’t do what ’s easy .
We do what is necessary to move this country forward .
Later on in the speech , Obama mentioned Greensburg , Kan. , which is rebuilding sustainably after a 2007 tornado reduced most of the town to rubble :
I think about Greensburg , Kansas , a town that was completely destroyed by a tornado , but is being rebuilt by its residents as a global example of how clean energy can power an entire community – how it can bring jobs and businesses to a place where piles of bricks and rubble once lay .
" The tragedy was terrible , " said one of the men who helped them rebuild .
" But the folks here know that it also provided an incredible opportunity . "
Many environmentalists agree that energy efficiency and jobs can go hand in hand .
Alluding to the part of Obama 's energy agenda that includes a plan to weatherize 1 million homes annually , Lane Burt , an energy policy analyst for the National Resources Defense Council , said :
Retrofitting homes is a labor - intensive endeavor .
An average home retrofit takes a crew of three people about five days to complete .
There are 111 million homes in this country .
We can cut consumption in these homes 30 to 50 percent or $ 700 to $ 1150 annually on average .
Every four crews or so needs a project manager .
Every retrofit company needs accountants , executives , salesmen , and administrative staff .
They need legal advice , they need office supplies , and they need to advertise .
The insulation , caulk and sealants , appliances , and mechanical systems they install have to be manufactured .
The money that each person saves from being wasted on energy will be spent , supporting other industries and creating more jobs .
Add to this projection the 4.8 million commercial buildings in this country , representing 72 million square feet of space .
The Washington Post 's editorial board worries that , with these kinds of massive investments , the president is biting off more than he can chew .
In a Wednesday editorial , expresses skepticism at Obama 's ambitious plans :
We understand the president 's instinct not to let short - term demands obscure the need to meet the country 's long - term challenges .
His priorities for fundamental reform , the causes that animated his campaign , are admirable ones .
Yet we cannot help wondering :
Is n't the most critical task to ensure a swift and effective response to the stomach - churning downturn ?
Does a new , understaffed administration have the capacity to try so much so fast ?
And does the political system have the bandwidth to accommodate all that Mr. Obama is asking from it ?
Here 's Obama 's whole speech :
If you are planning on doing any travels in Europe and would like to experience culture outside of your typical North American beach , check out one of these four European nude beaches .
If your mission is to checkout the best nude and topless beaches in europe , grab yourself a Eurail pass and start off in Spain ; then France , Greece and we will finish off our nude beach tour in Cyprus .
Spend a few weeks traveling the nude beach tour and rest assured you will return home much more relaxed and definitely much more liberated !
Your biggest issue once you return home , is you are going to be desperate for another European Vacation WAY too soon .
Playa d'en Bossa - Ibiza , Spain
Ibiza is a world renowned city known for being a crazy party town .
To make things even more interesting , nudism just so happens to be one of the rights you get residing in spain .
Playa D'en Bossa is an extremely long beach covered in bars and cafes .
The area is known for hedonism as well as their raging parties .
So if you are in Spain , feel like getting naked in public , and want to party until the sun comes up , this is probably the beach you should check out .
Plage de Tahiti - Tahiti Beach in Saint Tropez , France
Tahiti beach is an amazing topless beach in Saint Tropez France , clothing is optional and if you do decide to bring your kids and do n't want to expose them to breasts , there are more modest areas that are more appropriate for younger eyes .
The overall atmosphere is rather laid back yet risque .
Paradise Beach - Mykonos Greece
Paradise beach is considered to be one of the ultimate party beach in Europe .
You can get to the beach via any land transportation from the town of Mykonos .
Bus shuttles run every thirty minutes until the wee hours of the morning .
There are two bars on the beach offering alcoholic beverages all night and to top it off , once a month there are full moon parties that last all night .
Music and alcohol runs rampid at Paradise Beach , so it might be best if you leave your kids at home for this one .
At least half the people who visit this beach go topless and nearly a third completely nude .
So be prepared to party stark naked .
Nissi Beach , Ayia Napa , Cyprus
Nissi Beach is a breathtaking beach located in Ayia Napa , Cyprus .
The beach is roughly half a kilometer long and has such clear waters it has actually been awarded a blue flag destination award .
If action is what you are after , the beach has two bungee jumping locations as well as numerous other water related sports options .
There are plenty of topless sunbathers to stare at if that is what you are after , but the real gem of this tiny cove is night life .
People from all around Europe come to Nissi Beach to part at the Scandinavian Love Shack , a bumping night club packed full of gorgeous blonde sex pots !
If you had been impressed with the storyline of A Clockwork Orange , you would remember the journey of Alex from being a street punk who was jailed for anti social activities to the days when he is forcefully turned in to a ‘ moral , law abiding citizen ’ who is more of a zombie .
The movie spoke of what aversion therapies could do with people ’s minds and how an unwilling person could be made to think in a certain way , but the person will no longer have free will .
An artist on Flickr ( Thanks Avatar666 for the images ! ) has created beautiful vinyl dolls inspired by Alex ’ character .
The dolls may not look exactly like the original character but they do look similar to Alex ’s character in “ A Clockwork Orange ” .
The dolls are of great significance today as crime is dramatically increasing and the penalties for criminals are equally inhuman .
The doll ’s painted blue eyes and weapon wielding hands look more like they are from an Anime title than from a 70s movie .
Nevertheless , the dolls look cute and interesting .
If you were looking for other dolls influenced by mass culture , you could try the Star Wars Jedi Puki Doll .
However , the Wolverine Blow - up
Toy should be greater fun to check out !
Miracles are waiting for you .
We know Christ provides seed to the Sower and that supernatural signs follow the Disciples of Christ such as casting out devils , speaking in new tongues , and healing the sick ( Mark 16:17 - 18 ) .
But it ’s also clear in Scripture that miracles are not following you , but waiting for you .
When you find the place , you find the miracle .
When you find the place , you find the financial blessing .
When you find the place , you find the breakthrough .
“ And Elijah the Tishbite , who was of the inhabitants of Gilead , said unto Ahab , As the LORD God of Israel liveth , before whom I stand , there shall not be dew nor rain these years , but according to my word .
And the word of the LORD came unto him , saying , Get thee hence , and turn thee eastward , and hide thyself by the brook Cherith , that is before Jordan .
And it shall be , that thou shalt drink of the brook ; and I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there .
So he went and did according unto the word of the LORD : for he went and dwelt by the brook Cherith , that is before Jordan .
And the ravens brought him bread and flesh in the morning , and bread and flesh in the evening ; and he drank of the brook . ” ( 1 Kings 17:1 -6 )
Elijah was a mighty prophet of God .
The Bible says he was a Tishbite .
He was hidden in the wilderness until it was time for his ministry activation .
God gave him the assignment to confront Ahab , king of Israel .
He told Ahab it would not rain again until he said so .
That ’s boldness !
After the confrontation , the Lord revealed to Elijah the place of provision .
“ And the word of the LORD came unto him , saying , Get thee hence , and turn thee eastward , and hide thyself by the brook Cherith , that is before Jordan .
And it shall be , that thou shalt drink of the brook ; and I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there . ”
Notice Elijah ’s place of provision was at a place called there .
At that place , God had commanded the ravens to feed him breakfast and dinner .
For Elijah to find blessing , he had to be obedient .
His blessing was on the other side of his obedience .
His blessing was waiting for him in a place .
This is key , find the place , find the blessing .
Elijah was hidden from danger and supernaturally fed .
After a while , his provision began to dry up .
“ And it came to pass after a while , that the brook dried up because there had been no rain in the land ” ( 1 Kings 17:7 ) .
Holy Spirit Led
Have you ever had that happen to you ?
You did what the Holy Spirit told you to do and received supernatural breakthrough , but one day , things began to dry up .
“ What ’s happened , ” you ask ?
What happened is seasonal change .
When blessing dries up , look for a change of season in your life .
God did n’t forget you ,
He has need of you elsewhere .
I ’m not talking about changing churches here .
( Needless to say , if you are in a dead church , get out . )
We are talking about listening to the voice of the Holy Spirit for your next assignment .
As the brook began to dry up , the Holy Spirit spoke to Elijah again .
“ And the word of the LORD came unto him , saying , Arise , get thee to Zarephath , which belongeth to Zidon , and dwell there : behold , I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee .
So he arose and went to Zarephath ” ( 1 Kings 17:8 - 10 ) .
There it is again , miracle provision was waiting for him in another place .
Miracle provision was not following Elijah , they were waiting for him .
The Holy Spirit said , “ I have commanded a widow woman to sustain thee . ”
Where ?
In a place called there .
Your miracle breakthrough is waiting in a place for you .
Listen to what the Holy Spirit is saying .
Make sure you do what He says .
He has commanded miracles for you .
Find the place , find the miracle .
Miracles are not following you , they are waiting for you .
Find the place , find the financial provision .
Find the place , find the breakthrough .
Obedience is key .
Your partner ,
© Apostle Jonas Clark
www.jonasclark.com
Astronomical Binocular Buying Review Guide
Telescopes are n’t the only viewing tool at the amateur astonomer ’s disposal .
In part one of a series , I ’ll discuss how binoculars can be very useful for several reasons : they are relatively inexpensive , have a large field of view and show images right side up ( which makes finding things in the sky easier ) , are easily portable and require little to no setup .
So , how do you choose a good pair of binoculars for amateur astronomy ?
There are different ways of categorising binoculars .
Usually , they are distinguished by their magnification and the size of the aperture .
A combination of a small magnification and large lens produces a brighter view .
A 7×50 pair , for example , gives a brighter image than a 10 x 50 , but the image magnification is smaller .
A standard 7 x 50 pair is considered one of the best all - round binoculars for practicality , performance and price .
For high - powered observation , a magnification of 25 x with a 100 mm objective lens is recommended .
Observation binoculars come with either straight or angled eyepieces .
The benefit of the angled design , usually 45 º , is the ease of use and comfort of viewing .
The angled eyepiece model is much more user - friendly , allowing more flexibility for people of different heights to use the binoculars without the need to continually adjust the tripod .
It is also of benefit when the binocular is trained on the night sky .
The straight eyepiece design model will require a higher adjustment of the tripod for each user and this may make the tripod less stable .
If you are forced to go out to the country where you cannot fix your binoculars to something , then consider image stabilised binoculars .
These are far more expensive but have other applications as well .
Stabilisation may be enabled or disabled by the user as required .
Stabilisation will allow binoculars up to 20 × to be hand - held .
Major brands making image stabilised binoculars include are Canon , Nikon , and Bushnell .
When I continue with Part 2 of my Astronomical Binocular Review Guide , I ’ll talk about various features to look for in a binocular , including digital binoculars .
I spent a few days recently in the company of some money managers with a total of about $ 2 trillion to invest , precisely the sort of folks whose confidence the government is currently trying to win .
How did they feel about all of the rule and policy changes coming out of Washington and the new more muscular government ?
Terrified .
The “ real money ” investors did n’t want to invest alongside the government .
Their concern is that if things go south , the government will take 100 % of the value left in the bank or whatever and leave private investors , including recent ones , with nothing .
This is precisely what happened to recent investors in Fannie Mae .
The “ real money ” investors did n’t want to see judges modifying contracts , e.g. , bankruptcy judges resetting mortgage payments at a lower level and reducing the principal owed .
As far as they were concerned , a central tenet of the U.S. Constitution is that people are free to make contracts .
Given how mortgages are split up among investors , a foreclosure is greatly preferable to these folks than a modification .
In a foreclosure the most senior investors get what they expected , i.e. , their money back .
The holders of the most junior tranches , which carried a higher return and were known to be high risk , would get nothing .
This is also what they would have expected .
If mortgages are modified by government action , however , it is unclear how the obligations among the various private parties should be adjusted .
“ What ’s wrong with foreclosures ? ” some of these folks asked .
“ The historical rate of home ownership is about 60 percent and we ’re probably going to revert to that sooner or later so why slow things down ?
How does it help the U.S. to have high housing prices ?
Is n’t it better for housing to be affordable ?
If we give a lot of money to people to prevent foreclosures in March , how is that fair people who were foreclosed on in January ? ”
Much of the justification for government intervention comes from the assertion that markets have failed .
One money manager scoffed at this idea .
“ The markets are working fine , but they ’re giving people answers that they do n’t like , so people cry market failure . ”
Stocks and bonds low ?
That ’s because investors are afraid of a prolonged depression and continued government interference .
House in a jobless region of Michigan worth almost nothing ?
A place with 50 % of its former jobs only needs 50 % of its houses .
There are plenty of former steel towns where the price of a comfortable house stabilized at $ 20,000 decades ago and has barely moved since .
What did these guys want the government to do ?
Nothing , basically .
“ Back in the 19th Century , there were a lot of steep crashes , guys got wiped out , and the economy came back quickly . ”
What ’s different now ?
The government is a lot bigger and more powerful .
Rich companies and people can put some of their wealth into lobbying and demand that the government prevent them from getting wiped out ( or at least slow the process ) .
Barack Obama promised on Monday not to rest as long as this economic downturn persisted .
He promised to act decisively , change whatever had to be changed , spend whatever had to be spent .
This is precisely what worries the investors to whom I spoke .
They ’d rather see the audacity of doing nothing .
( CNN ) -- Workers at a Texas state school for mentally handicapped adults are believed to have been staging a " fight club " among residents , encouraging them to physically battle one another , police told CNN Tuesday .
A cell phone containing videos of the alleged abuse at the Corpus Christi State School in Corpus Christi , Texas , was turned over to police last week , and authorities are expecting to file arrest warrants this week , Corpus Christi police Capt .
Tim Wilson told CNN .
The incidents are believed to have taken place in a school dormitory , Wilson said .
" This has been going on for some time , " Wilson said .
" That is what makes this an exceptional case .
It is not the workers abusing the clients , so to speak .
The workers are not hitting them , but they are allowing these clients to fight with each other , thereby endangering their well - being . "
" These people are charged with the care and custody of these clients , and they are exploiting ( them ) , " he said .
Those involved will likely face charges of injury of a disabled person , Wilson said .
The charge 's severity can range up to a third - class felony , depending on the extent of a person 's involvement , he said .
The actual charges , however are left up to the Nueces County District Attorney , which is participating in the investigation along with the Texas Inspector General 's Office , he said .
Seven school employees have been placed on paid emergency leave by the Texas Department of Aging and Disability Services , according to spokeswoman Cecilia Fedorov .
Some former workers also will be interviewed , authorities said .
Fedorov said the agency received a phone call Friday from the state Department of Family and Protective Services , saying they had been alerted to the situation by police and were opening an investigation into possible abuse or neglect .
The employees on leave cannot come on to campus , but must sign in at the gate every day they are on leave , Fedorov said .
State officials are awaiting the outcome of the investigation to determine whether they should take further action , she said .
Wilson said Corpus Christi police received the cell phone a week ago , when a citizen found it and gave it to an officer working security at a hospital .
The officer looked at several of the videos , then gave the phone to the police 's forensic unit for analysis .
More videos were found in the phone 's memory .
" It appears it was some sort of a fight club , " Wilson said .
Twenty videos were found on the phone , with dates going back about a year .
All the videos featured the school 's " clients , " who are severely mentally handicapped , he said .
On the videos , " they ( the clients ) are not upset like they are being forced , " Wilson said .
" They are being more goaded into it .
There 's a lot of voices on there from workers ... saying , ' Look at that , ha ha ' ... laughing , stuff like that . "
No clients are seen crying , upset or injured on the videos , he said , but no workers are seen stopping the fighting .
" The fighting entails pushing , wrestling and some shoving , " Wilson said .
Police do not believe anyone was seriously injured , he said , but the investigation is ongoing .
" Four or five clients have been identified and at least five workers , possibly as many as 10 , " he said .
" Some are more active in staging the fights , and some others passively stand around not doing anything . "
The clients are all adult males , ranging in age from their late teens into their 30s , he said .
As part of the investigation , the Inspector General 's office has interviewed some of the clients , Wilson said .
Asked whether the school had previously been investigated for abuse , he said , " This is the exception .
Over the years , we have had isolated instances of abuse we have investigated .
Every once in a while , the school itself would report a case , but this appears to be organized . "
Police believe , based on the videos , the " fight club " was confined to one dormitory , he said .
CNN 's John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .
All About Corpus Christi • Texas
NCsoft 's sci-fi MMOfinally reaches its planned shut - down date on Saturday .
But the development team at NCSoft Austin seems to be taking the opportunity to create something almost unheard of in video game story : a final , absolute ending to the narrative in which the good guys ultimately die .
According to an in - character message posted on the game 's official site , the world of ( which apparently dropped itsprefix in the wake of the designer 's departure following his return from outer space ) , will become overrun by an unstoppable tide of alien enemies , with humanity 's only response being mutually assured destruction .
"
We request that all military personnel begin fortifying defenses at every AFS base in preparation for a massive Bane assault , " reads the post .
" If enemy troop movements are as large as we fear , and the Neph are truly prepared to lead all out war against us , this may be our last stand .
" Penumbra has been informed of the situation and is standing by on the use of their last resort weapon .
We can not afford to be complacent or uncertain , but if it is truly our destiny to be destroyed , we are taking them all with us .
"
In the months leading up to the game 's closure , became free to play , and its developers admirably continued patching the game -- even releasing brand new content with only two weeks left to go .
Few single - player games , let alone online games , end on such a dismal note , particularly with such finality and with no alternative ending or obvious setup for a sequel .
( It seems unlikely NCsoft will continue developing the franchise , with its failure to make a splash within the MMO space , and its public figurehead gone . )
But whenends , its in - game world will have been truly doomed , adding a unique resonance to the moment when its real - world servers shut off forever .
How does the human brain run itself without any software ?
Find that out , say European researchers , and a whole new field of neural computing will open up .
A prototype ‘ brain on a chip ’ is already working .
“ We know that the brain has amazing computational capabilities , ” remarks Karlheinz Meier , a physicist at Heidelberg University .
“ Clearly there is something to learn from biology .
I believe that the systems we are going to develop could form part of a new revolution in information technology . ”
It ’s a strong claim , but Meier is coordinating the EU - supported FACETS project which brings together scientists from 15 institutions in seven countries to do just that .
Inspired by research in neuroscience , they are building a ‘ neural ’ computer that will work just like the brain but on a much smaller scale .
The human brain is often likened to a computer , but it differs from everyday computers in three important ways : it consumes very little power , it works well even if components fail , and it seems to work without any software .
How does it do that ?
Nobody yet knows , but a team within FACETS is completing an exhaustive study of brain cells – neurons – to find out exactly how they work , how they connect to each other and how the network can ‘ learn ’ to do new things .
Mapping brain cells
“ We are now in a situation like molecular biology was a few years ago when people started to map the human genome and make the data available , ” Meier says .
“ Our colleagues are recording data from neural tissues describing the neurons and synapses and their connectivity .
This is being done almost on an industrial scale , recording data from many , many neural cells and putting them in databases . ”
advertisement
Meanwhile , another FACETS group is developing simplified mathematical models that will accurately describe the complex behaviour that is being uncovered .
Although the neurons could be modelled in detail , they would be far too complicated to implement either in software or hardware .
The goal is to use these models to build a ‘ neural computer ’ which emulates the brain .
The first effort is a network of 300 neurons and half a million synapses on a single chip .
The team used analogue electronics to represent the neurons and digital electronics to represent communications between them .
It ’s a unique combination .
Since the neurons are so small , the system runs 100,000 times faster than the biological equivalent and 10 million times faster than a software simulation .
“ We can simulate a day in one second , ” Meier notes .
The network is already being used by FACETS researchers to do experiments over the internet without needing to travel to Heidelberg .
New type of computing
But this ‘ stage 1 ’ network was designed before the results came in from the mapping and modelling work .
Now the team are working on stage 2 , a network of 200,000 neurons and 50 million synapses that will incorporate all the neuroscience discoveries made so far .
advertisement
To build it , the team is creating its network on a single 20 cm silicon disk , a ‘ wafer ’ , of the type normally used to mass - produce chips before they are cut out of the wafer and packaged .
This approach will make for a more compact device .
So called ‘ wafer - scale integration ’ has not been used much before for this , as such a large circuit will certainly have manufacturing flaws .
“ Our chips will have faults but they are each likely to affect only a single synapse or a single connection in the network , ” Meier points out .
“ We can easily live with that .
So we exploit the fault tolerance and use the entire wafer as a neural network . ”
How could we use a neural computer ?
Meier stresses that digital computers are built on principles that simply do not apply to devices modelled on the brain .
To make them work requires a completely new theory of computing .
Yet another FACETS group is already on the case .
“ Once you understand the basic principles you may hope to develop the hardware further , because biology has not necessarily found the best solution . ”
Beyond the brain ?
Practical neural computers could be only five years away .
“ The first step could be a little add - on to your computer at home , a device to handle very complex input data and to provide a simple decision , ” Meier says .
“ A typical thing could be an internet search . ”
In the longer term , he sees applications for neural computers wherever there are complex and difficult decisions to be made .
Companies could use them , for example , to explore the consequences of critical business decisions before they are taken .
In today ’s gloomy economic climate , many companies will wish they already had one !
The FACETS project , which is supported by the EU ’s Sixth Framework Programme for research , is due to end in August 2009 but the partners have agreed to continue working together for another year .
They eventually hope to secure a follow - on project with support from both the European Commission and national agencies .
Meanwhile , the consortium has just obtained funding from the EU ’s Marie Curie initiative to set up a four - year Initial Training Network to train PhD students in the interdisciplinary skills needed for research in this area .
Where could this go ?
Meier points out that neural computing , with its low - power demands and tolerance of faults , may make it possible to reduce components to molecular size .
“ We may then be able to make computing devices which are radically different and have amazing performance which , at some point , may approach the performance of the human brain – or even go beyond it ! ”
Bill of Attainder
Definition : A legislative act that singles out an individual or group for punishment without a trial .
The Constitution of the United States , Article I , Section 9 , paragraph 3 provides that : " No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law will be passed . "
" The Bill of Attainder Clause was intended not as a narrow , technical ( and therefore soon to be outmoded ) prohibition , but rather as an implementation of the separation of powers , a general safeguard against legislative exercise of the judicial function or more simply - trial by legislature . "
U.S. v. Brown , 381 U.S. 437 , 440 ( 1965 ) .
" These clauses of the Constitution are not of the broad , general nature of the Due Process Clause , but refer to rather precise legal terms which had a meaning under English law at the time the Constitution was adopted .
A bill of attainder was a legislative act that singled out one or more persons and imposed punishment on them , without benefit of trial .
Such actions were regarded as odious by the framers of the Constitution because it was the traditional role of a court , judging an individual case , to impose punishment . "
William H. Rehnquist , The Supreme Court , page 166 .
" Bills of attainder , ex post facto laws , and laws impairing the obligations of contracts , are contrary to the first principles of the social compact , and to every principle of sound legislation .
...
The sober people of America are weary of the fluctuating policy which has directed the public councils .
They have seen with regret and indignation that sudden changes and legislative interferences , in cases affecting personal rights , become jobs in the hands of enterprising and influential speculators , and snares to the more - industrious and less - informed part of the community . "
James Madison , Federalist Number 44 , 1788 .
Supreme Court cases construing the Bill of Attainder clause include :
Ex Parte Garland , 4 Wallace 333 ( 1866 ) .
, 4 Wallace 333 ( 1866 ) .
Cummings v. Missouri , 4 Wallace 277 ( 1866 ) .
, 4 Wallace 277 ( 1866 ) .
U.S. v. Brown , 381 U.S. 437 ( 1965 ) .
, 381 U.S. 437 ( 1965 ) .
Nixon v. Administrator of General Services , 433 U.S.425 ( 1977 ) .
, 433 U.S.425 ( 1977 ) .
Selective Service Administration v. Minnesota PIRG , 468 U.S. 841 ( 1984 ) .
See also , SBC v. FCC .
Shevonne Polastre is a freelance Technical Writer who assists companies and non-profits .
She authors FreeAgentWriter , a blog about the technology world .
Online self - publishing services have given users the tools they need to create , publish and promote their work .
These sites allow authors to bypass the process of finding an agent and pitching to publishing houses , a venture that can take months , if not years .
Here are six great sites that will help you publish your work , guaranteeing you a published book that can be sold via different outlets , such as Amazon .
Have another service to suggest ?
Tell us about it in the comments .
1. Lulu
Lulu allows you to create a variety of books , but also lets you develop digital media .
These range from music and ringtones to videos and e-books .
With Lulu , you can also scan and digitize your old books , albums , and photos .
You are given the option of leaving the book in private view or releasing it to the public .
Before finalizing the book , you are able to download and print a proof of the book , and when your book is ready , you are able to sell it in your customized storefront .
Users are able to use Google Book Search ( Beta ) , which puts your book content in Google 's search results .
When viewers click on the link , they are taken to a Google - hosted web page that links to Lulu .
Lulu also provides groups that allow you to sell your book with similar books in a group storefront .
Group members share a group blog , forum , and find like - minded individuals for future collaboration efforts .
What makes it unique : Lulu provides an FTP site for uploading files larger than 300MB .
In addition , you are able to distribute to third - party sites , such as Amazon and Barnes & Noble , by purchasing a distribution package .
What it ’s missing :
You are not able to build your own templates or layouts .
Pricing : Softcovers start at $ 7.60 and hardcovers at $ 17.48
2. Blurb
Blurb allows anyone to create any kind of book , from nonfiction to photo , recipe , and more .
You can use one of their templates and layouts or import your own design .
Once you 've created your book , you can choose between making the book open to the public or keeping it private .
If you choose to make your book public , it can be sold on the Blurb website .
Additionally , you can opt to offer readers a preview of the first 15 pages of your book to help them decide if they want to make a purchase .
To increase your search ranking , you are able to add subtitles , tags , categories , and descriptions .
If you are in need of assistance , you can contact a “ Custom Bookmaker , ” an independent provider who can help you in your book development .
What makes it unique : Blurb offers BookSmart , free software that assists you in developing your book .
If you use Typepad or LiveJournal , you are able to import blog entries to create your book .
Additionally , Blurb allows you to import images from Flickr , Picasa , and SmugMug .
If you are using a Mac , it also integrates with your iPhoto library .
What it ’s missing :
You are not able to build your own templates or layouts , though you are able to import your own design .
Also , the BookSmart software drastically slows down your computer , and there is no online writing collaboration , only photos .
Pricing : Softcovers start at $ 12.95 and hardcovers at $ 22.95
( Disclosure : Mashable is partnering with Blurb for our event at SXSW )
3. CreateSpace
CreateSpace was acquired by Amazon in 2005 , and similar to Lulu , it provides book publishing and digital media development .
Because CreateSpace is a subsidiary of Amazon , it ’s easier and quicker to sell your book through Amazon .
Like the other sites , you are able to choose between making your book open to the public or private .
The only format accepted during the submission process is PDF , which is for both text and images .
What makes it unique : CreateSpace is the only one of the self publishing services that provides you the ability to create your book in Kindle format .
Additionally , you are able to immediately assign an ISBN or use an existing one .
What it ’s missing :
There is no option to create hardcover books .
Also , while users can participate in the CreateSpace message boards , it ’s lacking some of the social media tools , groups , and messaging that other self - publishing services provide .
Pricing : Standard B&W starts at $ 3.66 per book ; Standard Color starts at $ 6.55 .
You can also upgrade to their Pro Plan , which is $ 39.00 per book .
The Pro Plan allows you to keep more from each sale , and pay less when ordering copies .
4. CafePress
CafePress provides a way for people to sell their creations in “ shops . ”
It is a marketplace with over 150 million products ( i.e. clothing , gifts , books , etc. ) .
They also provide you with the ability of self publishing your books .
Like the others , CafePress also has private and public options .
While you are able to upload your book in PDF format , it has to be less than 100 MB .
There are different templates you can use based on the type of book you are trying to publish , and you can tailor it the way you see fit .
What makes it unique : CafePress sells a variety of items , such as books , cds , clothing , art , etc .
You do not have to be a member to use their self - publishing service .
What it ’s missing :
There is no option to create hardcover books and it does n’t have the ease of site navigation like the other services .
Pricing : Prices start at $ 0.045 per page and a $ 4 binding fee .
5. WeBook
WeBook combines the joys of self publishing with social media .
You are able to write a book alone or collaborate with other writers .
The site provides an online text editor for you to write , and you are able to add images from image - hosting sites like Flickr , Photobucket , Picasa , etc .
There are two levels of privacy :
You can choose who is able to view your writing , and who is able to write the story .
Throughout the year , WeBook has submission periods in which you are able to submit your book for consideration for publishing .
You can choose to share your royalties with people who have given you helpful feedback and assisted in the development of your book .
What makes it unique :
You are able to collaborate with different writers , and be part of various groups .
Writers rate and review submitted books , and the ones with the highest ratings are published by WeBook .
Additionally , you can share your royalties with selected reviewers who have provided you with helpful feedback .
What it ’s missing :
There is no option for you to publish your book , if you desire .
It is all dependent on the rating you receive .
Also , you are not able to import from another word processor or PDF .
Pricing : $ 0
6. Xlibris
Xlibris was founded in 1997 and is one of the first self publishing services in the industry .
You start the process by having a consultation with one of their consultants about your needs and the correct package to fit those needs .
They create the full design of the book and send it to you for feedback and approval .
After that , the book is yours and you are able to sell it wherever and to whomever you want .
What makes it unique :
You get a free consultation to ensure that you are on the right path .
Additionally , they offer leather - bound editions of your book .
What it ’s missing : Competitive prices and private / public options .
Pricing : Prices start at $ 299
More writing resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , kate_sept2004
Cannibal Bacteria Kills Siblings
New research shows that some strains of bacteria can be tricked into killing off their own kind ; it may have future applications in medicine
( I totally stole this from The General ... )
Via TPMMuckraker : Gotta love those " centrists " !
Sen . Susan Collins , the Maine GOP dealmaker who 's been in the limelight this week for helping to pass a watered down stimulus , has been talking a good game about the need to avoid wasting taxpayer money .
But it looks like Collins also worked today to strip from the final bill a measure that 's crucial to exposing that waste .
Here 's what happened :
The House stimulus bill contained a provision designed to protect federal whistleblowers .
Currently , those protections are shockingly weak .
According to the Project On Government Oversight , whistleblowers who are fired or demoted can file a complaint with a government board -- but over the last eight years , that board has ruled in favor of whistleblowers only twice in 55 cases .
More to the point , the protections were designed to encourage federal workers to point out cases where taxpayer money is subject to waste , fraud , or abuse -- a legitimate concern when Congress spends $ 800 billion , and one that centrists and Republicans have been particularly exercised about .
Yesterday , 20 members of the House , from both parties , yesterday sent a letter to House negotiators urging them to ensure that the protections remained .
But , according to a person following the bill closely , Collins used today 's conference committee to drastically water down the measure , citing national security concerns as the reason for her opposition .
In the end , the protections were so weakened that House negotiators balked , and the result was that the entire amendment was removed .
According to the person following the bill , Collins was the " central roadblock " to passing the protections .
SIOBHAN GORMAN
The Wall Street Journal
March 9 , 2009
The government ’s coordinator for cybersecurity programs has quit , criticizing what he described as the National Security Agency ’s grip on cybersecurity .
[ efoods ] Rod Beckstrom , a former Silicon Valley entrepreneur , said in his resignation letter that the NSA ’s central role in cybersecurity is “ a bad strategy ” because it is important to have a civilian agency taking a key role in the issue .
The NSA is part of the Department of Defense .
( Read Mr. Beckstrom ’s resignation letter . )
The power battles Mr. Beckstrom describes in his resignation letter illustrate the challenges ahead for the Obama administration as it plans its defense against governments and terrorists who might try to disrupt U.S. computer systems , cybersecurity specialists said .
One issue is what part or parts of the government should lead the effort .
The Bush administration last year started a cybersecurity initiative to protect government networks , which was estimated to cost at least $ 6 billion in 2009 and $ 30 to $ 40 billion over the next several years .
The Obama administration is conducting a 60 - day review of that effort and related policies .
The reviewers , led by the official who started the cyber initiative for the Bush administration , are expected to issue recommendations next month .
Mr. Beckstrom ’s National Cybersecurity Center , created last March to coordinate all government cybersecurity efforts , answered to the secretary of homeland security .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
examples of a wearable computer headsets by prof .
m.asahiko tsukamoto at kobe university ( source )
since the dawn of the computer age , people have dreamed of wearable computers directly integrated with our bodies .
in these scenarios , the computer would no longer sit on our desks , but be incorporated into our clothing or worn on the body like a pair of glasses .
these wearable computers would help us with daily tasks with their technological power , as if they were a sixth sense .
proponents of this idea have even gone so far as to suggest embedding computers directly into people , fusing man and machine to create cyborgs .
while these dreams may sound far fetched , they are slowly turning into a reality thanks in part to research , technological advances and the public ’s fascination with computer - augmented humans .
what defines a wearable computer is a specific topic of discussion .
you may ask , ‘ I have a brand new smartphone I carry with me everyday , is n’t that a wearable computer ?’. the answer is yes and no .
while your smartphone and other mobile devices are technically mobile computers , they do not fit the formal definition of a true wearable computer .
l : wearable audio navigation for the visually impaired r : xybernaut corp .’s lightweight head mounted display & the kitty , or keyboard independent touch typing , data input glove ( photo : chuck taylor )
to define what a wearable computer is , we look to dr .
steve mann , one of the field ’s leading researchers .
dr. mann believes a wearable computer ‘ facilitates a new form of human - computer interaction ’ that is n’t possible with even today ’s most sophisticated devices .
he identifies ‘ always on ’ capability and continual accessibility as the two key characteristics of wearable computers .
this means that the computer is always with the user and always interacting , completely intertwined with the user .
in dr. mann ’s view , a wearable computer should be a continuation of its user , working like a natural part of the body , not an external apparatus .
in these terms we can see the difference between a mobile smartphone and a wearable computer .
l : dr. steve mann in one of his wearable computers ( source ) r : a wearable computer for journalists ( source )
while a smartphone may not be a true wearable computer , it is one example of an incremental step toward one .
despite the rapid evolution and development of technology , a true wearable computer still only exists in the prototype phase .
most examples are highly technical , not something you would see at your local electronics shop .
however , small elements of a wearable computer are becoming more ubiquitous .
the smartphone is a key indicator of this .
new phones now commonly feature wifi , gps and cameras , things that would have been unconceivable not long ago .
so while examples of wearable computers exist in labs around the world , their evidence in the marketplace is only visible in pieces .
despite this , the rate of evolution in wearable computer research gives us a good indication that true wearable computers are not so far away .
the evolution of dr. steve mann ’s wearable computers ( source )
while the wearable computer field is very diverse and complex , its evolution is perhaps best summarized through the work of dr. steve mann .
while , dr. mann is the field ’s most eminent researcher , he was n’t the first .
the field of wearable computing began in its early form sometime in 1960 ’s.
early versions of wearable computers included card counters , calculator watches and a vest which transferred images into a tactile grid for the visually impaired .
these examples were not true wearable computers according to dr.
mann ’s definition , but they did establish the advantages of linking technology and the body .
as computer technology advanced and became more mainstream , researchers began creating wearable computers to perform a variety of more advanced single tasks .
dr. mann was among this first crop of researchers working on task - specific wearable devices .
some of his first designs were created to be ‘ photographer ’s assistants ’ helping him create rich photographic images through multiple exposures to light .
however , while these devices represented major steps forward , they were bulky , complicated and hindered the user as often as they helped .
steve mann is one of his more recent wearable computer prototypes ( source )
dr. mann persisted and continued to develop wearable computers based on the general principles of his first iteration .
with each step he added more functionality and improved its design .
along the way mann developed essential elements for the ideal wearable computer like smart clothing embedded with wires and buttons to help make his computer easier to put and more comfortable .
as technology became smaller and more affordable , mann followed suit , altering his designs to take advantage of these new circumstances .
mann ’s design eventually evolved into an apparatus suitable for daily living , overlaying graphics onto specially designed glasses to create a form of ‘ mediated reality ’.
by minimizing the size of his device and developing new ways of interacting with the computer , mann has developed a wearable computer which points to future possibilities .
dr. steve mann is his current wearable computer which appears like an ordinary pair of eyeglasses .
( source )
mann now uses an ultra compact computer , which is hooked up to a special pair of eyeglasses that captures audio and video and can display things to him like a computer monitor .
mann can interact with the computer through voice commands and it is with him at all times to make his interaction as fluid as possible .
while his first creations were large machines hanging off his body and head , his latest model is completely hidden from view and only consists of a small computer and the specially - design glasses .
mann has proven that a wearable computer can be made unobtrusive and useful to its user , however we will have to wait and see how long it will be until the market catches up .
examples
star -trek
science fiction has always been fertile field for wearable computing .
as one of the genre ’s most popular programs , star trek has featured a number of examples of wearable computing .
the borg character is one example which blends technology and humans in new ways .
more than just a simple wearable computer , the borg featured computer technology interwoven with the human to create what is best known as a cyborg .
the popular character geordi laforge also featured a wearable computer .
because laforge was visually impaired , his special visor allowed him to see by capturing visuals and sending them directly to his brain .
minority report
made in 2002 , this science fiction film is loosely based on stories by author philip k. dick and set in the near future .
the film includes a variety of futuristic technology , including a number of examples
resembling wearable computers .
the most obvious example is the glove controlled interface that the actor tom cruise manipulates in the film .
using a special pair of gloves , cruise can control a large screen in front of him , moving digital objects .
MIT
MIT media lab is one of the key researchers in the field of wearable computers .
this video demonstrates one of their most recent prototypes , which combines a number of elements such as digital gloves ,
head - mounted camera and a projector all hooked up to a mobile phone .
the device can take input via the camera or the user through the gloves and display information through the projector .
like dr. mann ’s work , this MIT device aims to create a wearable computer that is like a ‘ sixth - sense ’ .
soldier with wearable computer and military zypad wr1100 wrist wearable computer
military
outside of academic research , one of the primary fields using wearable computing is the military .
the military has always been one of the most advanced technological organizations in many countries and they are no different when it comes to wearable computing .
soldiers commonly carry many devices used to monitor themselves and the field .
while their needs are very different from the everyday person , many of the technology they use is paving the way for consumer - focused products .
common examples of military wearable computers include wrist - worn pcs and full armor computers .
zypad wrist wearable computer
commercial devices
you ca n’t go out and buy a wearable computer like dr.
mann ’s , but there area few examples of wrist - work computers which are available .
these devices are by no means fully - fledged wearable computers , but they do provide their users with capabilities to help them with their work or specific job tasks .
l : teamawear uniform display by mitchell page r : keyboard and mouse jeans by erik de nijs
smart clothing special clothing embedded with technology is now widely available .
jackets with controls for your mp3 player built - in or jeans with their own keyboard are now a reality .
these clothes are not really computers at all but they are a key element in wearable computers and pave the way for more advanced product in the future .
more examples
this video , taken during the international symposium on wearable computers , demonstrates a variety of devices that are elements of , or fully formed wearable computers that are commercial products and diy projects .
J.K. Rowling may not have realized just how close Harry Potter 's invisibility cloak was to becoming a reality when she introduced it in the first book of her best - selling fictional series in 1998 .
Scientists , however , have made huge strides in the past few years in the rapidly developing field of cloaking .
Ranked the number five breakthrough of the year by Science magazine in 2006 , cloaking involves making an object invisible or undetectable to electromagnetic waves .
A paper published in the March 2009 issue of SIAM Review , " Cloaking Devices , Electromagnetic Wormholes , and Transformation Optics , " presents an overview of the theoretical developments in cloaking from a mathematical perspective .
One method involves light waves bending around a region or object and emerging on the other side as if the waves had passed through empty space , creating an " invisible " region which is cloaked .
For this to happen , however , the object or region has to be concealed using a cloaking device , which must be undetectable to electromagnetic waves .
Manmade devices called metamaterials use structures having cellular architectures designed to create combinations of material parameters not available in nature .
Mathematics is essential in designing the parameters needed to create metamaterials and to show that the material ensures invisibility .
The mathematics comes primarily from the field of partial differential equations , in particular from the study of equations for electromagnetic waves described by the Scottish mathematician and physicist James Maxwell in the 1860s .
One of the " wrinkles " in the mathematical model of cloaking is that the transformations that define the required material parameters have singularities , that is , points at which the transformations fail to exist or fail to have properties such as smoothness or boundness that are required to demonstrate cloaking .
However , the singularities are removable ; that is , the transformations can be redefined over the singularities to obtain the desired results .
The authors of the paper describe this as " blowing up a point . "
They also show that if there are singularities along a line segment , it is possible to " blow up a line segment " to generate a " wormhole . "
( This is a design for an optical device inspired by , but distinct from the notion of a wormhole appearing in the field of gravitational physics . )
The cloaking version of a wormhole allows for an invisible tunnel between two points in space through which electromagnetic waves can be transmitted .
Some possible applications for cloaking via electromagnetic wormholes include the creation of invisible fiber optic cables , for example for security devices , and scopes for MRI - assisted medical procedures for which metal tools would otherwise interfere with the magnetic resonance images .
The invisible optical fibers could even make three - dimensional television screens possible in the distant future .
The effectiveness and implementation of cloaking devices in practice , however , are dependent on future developments in the design , investigation , and production of metamaterials .
The " muggle " world will have to wait on further scientific research before Harry Potter 's invisibility cloak can become a reality .
More information :
The paper is co-authored by Allan Greenleaf of the University of Rochester ; Yaroslav Kurylev of University College London ; Matti Lassas of Helsinki University of Technology ; and Gunther Uhlmann of the University of Washington .
To read this article in its entirely , visit www.siam.org/journals/sirev/51-1/71682.html
Source : Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
Explore further Hyperbolic metamaterials exhibit physics with two spatial and two temporal dimensions
To my readers :
This is two thousand words long , and no , it is not a paper I wrote that I ’m posting .
This is original , and is meant as a blog post .
All the passages that are pertinent are listed in the text below , even if they are a bit out of order , and can be used to assess if my commentary does them justice .
I should say that this commentary could be wholly inaccurate .
I am focusing only on one passage of the Blue Book , and while I ’ve read the entirety of it before , as well as a considerable amount of other things by Wittgenstein , a thorough commentary on the Blue Book might prove a lot of these thoughts speculative .
for Nancy
1 . The library metaphor , and the possibility of progress in philosophy :
“ Imagine we had to arrange the books of a library .
When we begin the books lie higgledy - piggledy on the floor .
Now there would be many ways of sorting them and putting them in their places .
One would be to take the books one by one and put each on the shelf in its right place .
On the other hand we might take up several books from the floor and put them in a row on a shelf , merely in order to indicate that these books ought to go together in this order .
In the course of arranging the library this whole row of books will have to change its place .
But it would be wrong to say that therefore putting them together on a shelf was no step towards the final result .
In this case , in fact , it is pretty obvious that having put together books which belong together was a definite achievement , even though the whole row of them had to be shifted .
But some of the greatest achievements in philosophy could only be compared with taking up some books which seemed to belong together , and putting them on different shelves ; nothing more being final about their positions than that they no longer lie side by side .
The onlooker who does n’t know the difficulty of the task might well think in such a case that nothing at all had been achieved .
–
The difficulty in philosophy is to say no more than we know .
E.g. to see that when we have put two books together in their right order we have not thereby put them in their final places . ”
– Wittgenstein , “ The Blue Book ” , pg. 45 of the Harper Torchbook Edition
2. Context of this quote
The immediate context of this passage is that it is situated in the midst of a tricky discussion about “ meaning . ”
The question the Blue Book started with is “ How do we account for the meaning of ‘ meaning ’ ? ”
The tricky thing about “ meaning ” is that to give it a definition , of course , would mean that we already knew what “ meaning ” meant .
So on BB 43 Wittgenstein reaches this preliminary conclusion :
“ Meaning ” is one of the words of which one may say that they have odd jobs in our language .
He then uses a metaphor to describe this : Imagine an “ institution ” with “ functions , ” like an office ( “ office ” is my idea ) .
If you wanted to know what the office in question does , you ’d ask what the employees do there .
Some type , some take care of finances , some take care of the mail and mailing .
All one has to ask is what is being done , or what numbers the people in the office are working with , or what sort of mail they get , and one knows what the “ office ” is doing more specifically .
It looks like an “ institution , ” then , can be defined by “ function . ”
But we can imagine this office hiring a guy to do other things , right ?
Things like making pizza runs for the employees working overtime , or emptying out garbage , or working with a special project .
Would that “ function ” define the “ institution ” ?
Of course not .
Hence , Wittgenstein says
What causes most trouble in philosophy is that we are tempted to describe the use of important ‘ odd - job ’ words as though they were words with regular functions ( BB 44 ) .
We expect the uses of “ meaning ” to deliver the same information that knowledge of what is typed in an office would deliver ; the uses of “ meaning , ” though , refuse to give that info , even as they do many very important but diverse things .
It is after this discussion that Wittgenstein talks about something that seems to be an abrupt change of pace .
This “ something ” resides between the metaphorical discussion of meaning and the quote about the library being organized above :
The reason I postponed talking about personal experience was that thinking about this topic raises a host of philosophical difficulties which threaten to break up all our commonsense notions about what we should commonly call the objects of our experience .
And if we were stuck by these problems it might seem to us that all we have said about signs and about the various objects we mentioned in our examples may have to go into the melting - pot .
The situation in a way is typical in the study of philosophy ; and one sometimes has described it by saying that no philosophical problem can be solved until all philosophical problems are solved ; which means that as long as they are n’t all solved every new difficulty renders all our previous results questionable .
To this statement we can only give a rough answer if we are to speak about philosophy in such general terms .
It is , that every new problem which arises may put in question the position which our previous partial results are to occupy in the final picture .
One then speaks of having to reinterpret these previous results ; and we should say : they have to be placed in a different surrounding ( BB 44 ) .
The big question is :
Where did these two paragraphs come from ?
The first one talks about “ personal experience . ”
What does that have to do with anything regarding “ meaning ” and “ odd- jobs ” ?
The second one talks about every new problem / advance in philosophy threatening all others – how does that tie into “ personal experience , ” and all the other topics mentioned ?
I think the topic of “ personal experience ” comes merely from the fact Wittgenstein used a metaphor to describe how “ meaning ” works .
The problem with a metaphor is that it does n’t define any of the elements it uses ; it is not a strict logical accounting that can be analyzed .
It depends , rather , on one speaker just “ knowing ” that his audience has had certain experiences , and trusting that he can build an analogy that can be followed .
Metaphor is quite different from the proto - language games and the other thought experiments which are genuinely analytic , which try to force us to break down the very particular uses of language so we can get a grasp on where the philosophical problem is coming from .
Wittgenstein had presumably used these sorts of tactics earlier ( I forget , it ’s been 4 years since I read the Blue Book entirely ) , but metaphor , which he ’s using to try and resolve this situation right now , is a vastly different method than those others .
The second paragraph , about whether we can make any progress in philosophy or not , ties into the first as metaphor ’s depending on “ personal experience ” forces one to address a radical skepticism .
If “ personal experience ” is going to lead us to Truth , how on earth is it going to do so ?
After all , I do n’t share the same experiences you do , & you do n’t share mine .
There is no guarantee we actually speak the same language , even .
For all I know , an invisible presence around you might shield you from my words and prevent you from hearing anything I speak and tell you something entirely different from what I say , something that only coincidentally prompts a response from you that looks like a perfectly rational response to me .
Wittgenstein does not address this radical skepticism directly .
Instead he asserts that yes , difficulties arise .
Does that mean we want to throw out everything that has come before ?
3 . Back to the library
What ’s curious about the library metaphor is n’t just that he ’s using a metaphor to defend his use of metaphor , but also this :
1 . We can take the books one at a time , and put them in the right place on the shelf .
2 . We can take several books at once and put them on the shelf , declaring them to be a unit that makes a coherent whole .
Who on earth puts books on a shelf one at a time ?
It ’s not only laborious , but in some sense counterproductive .
After all , if philosophy is grammar , and concerned with the use of words , then words do n’t work because we utter one – they work because there is a context , because we understand something about a given situation which makes the word make sense .
Yet , I think , those who are looking for a logically perfect language have to put books on a shelf one at a time .
Each word must have its proper place , and its referents must be accounted for entirely .
It is option # 2 , books in units , that allows Wittgenstein to say there might be a way to conceive of progress in philosophy .
It is a major achievement if one book can be placed next to another , and that place is certainly the right place .
It does n’t even matter if the books get shifted again , as long as they get shifted as a unit , for that is what is a philosophical achievement .
Which makes me wonder :
Is progress in philosophy really possible ?
Wittgenstein has given us a picture of what it might look like , but he has not decisively routed the objection he posed , which is that some philosophical difficulties could cause the whole of past philosophy to be reconsidered .
He has suggested that such a momentous happening would occur because of an emphasis on personal experience , but has used another metaphor , one again dependent on personal experience ( imagine how hard it is to sort a library ) to try to steer clear of the consequences of the other use of metaphor ( again , its persuasiveness being reliant on personal experience ) .
Wittgenstein is very aware of all that is going on :
The difficulty in philosophy is to say no more than we know ( BB 45 ) .
He gives one example of this as understanding that two books , when they most certainly should be together , can still be moved around as a whole .
And he is going to go on and say that a lot of other problems arise from “ personal experience ” as the basis of philosophizing .
But how do we deal with his two great uses of metaphor ?
And how do they relate to knowing ?
4. Metaphor and knowledge
It is obvious to me that the two metaphors make sense , even while they do n’t put – esp .
the latter one – certain philosophical objections to rest .
The first one explains how “ meaning ” works .
The second one explains how progress in philosophy might be possible .
Using the second one , we can see a purpose for philosophy that would create such progress .
The trick would be for philosophy to be dedicated not to skepticism , but to keeping us from making claims we should n’t make .
The philosophy of Wittgenstein ’s day was in ( like much philosophy today ) a pre-Kantian mode in need of critique .
Frege and Russell wanted their logically perfect language that was going to make science that much easier and eliminate or prove that there was a God blah blah blah .
One way of keeping philosophy in line is to appreciate its power in letting us understand how deeply some things relate , things that we would n’t expect to relate .
A good example of “ two books going together ” is the research that shows that strong verbal and mathematical skills are complementary .
We know this from Godel ’s work in logic : arithmetic is incomplete and of infinite richness not because it is tied to the absolute certainty that attracts many to mathematics , but because of its roots in the richness of language .
Math is a language , and we understand that better because of philosophy .
Re : Wittgenstein ’s use of metaphor and his inability to completely rid himself of the problems “ personal experience ” creates – he might be against something deeper than he has conceived .
Heidegger would insist that certain questions are n’t just things we ask , but things we are , and they ca n’t go away .
Wittgenstein would concede , I think , and then get caught , at least from these passages .
For Heidegger ’s questioning runs at just as deep a level , if not deeper , and pushes philosophy in another direction , one that does not look for little results but for purpose itself .
Such a direction depends upon the fact that we do think , when we do philosophy , that all prior knowledge is questionable , and all progress to date is questionable .
And why should n’t we think that ?
Technorati Tags : , ,
Powered by ScribeFire .
Muslim PC sues after workmates ' laughed at his beard '
A Muslim police officer claims he was forced out of his job by colleagues who made fun of his beard and called him a 'f *** ing Paki ' .
PC Javid Iqbal , 38 , said white officers openly discussed in front of him how they were ' better ' than their ethnic - minority colleagues .
The married father of two also claims officers pulled faces at each other if told they had to go out on patrol with him and forced him to walk home from a job instead of picking him up .
PC Javid Iqbal : ' My beard is an important part of my identity '
Mr Iqbal says he was sacked after fellow - officers in Luton launched a ' smear and witch - hunt campaign ' during which they lodged a string of complaints about his performance .
He is taking the Bedfordshire force to an employment tribunal claiming he is the victim of racial and religious discrimination and unfair dismissal .
The claims will add to concern about institutional racism in police forces .
An employment tribunal in London recently heard evidence that an ' apartheid culture ' was operated at Belgravia police station , with separate vans for white and black staff .
Mr Iqbal , who was born and raised in Stevenage , Hertfordshire , told the Daily Mail : ' My beard is an important part of my identity which helps other Muslims relate to me .
' I am disgusted that I was bullied by other officers because of my beliefs .
I became a policeman because I believed in putting something back into society .
' I have found that institutional racism is still very much around . '
Mr Iqbal was working in Hertfordshire County Council 's finance department when he became a special constable for the Bedfordshire force , one day a week .
Following the 7/7 bombings in London in 2005 , he volunteered to go on patrol every night after work for two weeks to help reassure the large Muslim population of Luton , who were concerned about revenge attacks .
In October that year he was accepted on to a training course to become a full - time constable .
He says the first racist incident came in early 2006 .
He claims he was in a van with seven PCs and three ' tutor ' constables - including one other Muslim - which stopped for food at a shop which did not sell halal products .
When he asked if they were stopping anywhere else , he was told : ' This is it . '
One officer allegedly mimicked his accent and pretended to have a beard similar to his in an ' offensive ' incident .
Matters worsened in September 2006 when eight officers presented ' negative statements ' to superiors about Mr Iqbal , including an allegation that he failed to help a colleague arresting a violent offender .
He said he was cleared the following June when CCTV showed he was dealing with other people at the time .
But relations with fellow officers hit a new low in February 2008 , three months after he officially lodged his grievances .
A sympathetic officer told him the document had been left in the duty room where anyone could read it .
Subsequently , he said , an officer had openly referred to him as a 'f *** ing Paki ' .
Mr Iqbal had only recently returned to work after a ninemonth leave of absence on full pay owing to depression when he was sacked for poor performance in August last year .
He says he was the victim of untrue allegations , such as failing to report a rape claim .
He insists the woman complained only of harassment at the time .
Mr Iqbal 's wife , Surhya , 30 , a preschool headmistress , said : ' Javid has gone through depression quite badly .
There were times when he was asleep continuously for three days .
Previously , I felt if something was wrong we would be able to rely on the police .
Now I know how it works on the inside I 've lost faith . '
A source at Bedfordshire Police claimed Mr Iqbal was sacked because he was ' not cut out to be a police officer ' .
A spokesman added : ' We can't comment on a case that is yet to be heard but the evidence will speak for itself . '
Kayaker Plunges 127 Feet Off Waterfall And Survives
Total Pro Sports – Daredevil Pedro Olivia loves pushing the limits , this time he decided that he was going to drop an astonishing 127 feet off the Salto Belo falls in central Brazil and break the Record for the highest waterfall descent by a kayaker .
Salto Belo falls has a drop almost twice that of Niagara Falls and an estimated 5,000 cubic feet of 70 F - warm water gush over the Salto Belo every second .
Although the Niagara Falls , on the US - Canada border are higher , at 176ft , the actual drop is only 70ft because of rocks at the base .
Members of his Brazil World Record Attempt Expedition team watched anxiously as he finally slid over the lip of the falls , as they captured the terrifying stunt on camera .
Hurtling head first to the bottom , he disappeared from sight as he plunged into a deep pool at the bottom .
The descent took 2.95 seconds before Pedro Olivia hit the churning waters below at 70 mph , nobody knew if he would survive this fall .
But with luck on his side Pedro accomplished the feat and broke the record that was once 108ft .
‘ It ’s a story that I will be telling for the rest of my life , ’ he said .
‘ The actual free fall felt like an eternity of acceleration and waiting for a huge impact in the pool below .
‘ As I drifted over vertical into a head down position I braced for the worst in a protective tuck position .
‘ But the massive impact never came . ’
With safety teams waiting in nervous anticipation at the top and the foot of the falls , Ben hit the record button as Pedro climbed into his kayak and charged at the sloping lip of the falls .
‘ For me breaking the record was not a victory over nature but a harmony between myself , my team , and the river . ’
Pedro Olivia goes in my books as one of the most craziest men alive , you could n’t pay me $ 5 million to do what he just did and to think he did it for free and the excitement .
Pedro Olivia Video of him falling over the walls – [ DailyMail ]
Share This
Free Disk Space by Reducing Reserved Blocks March 12 , 2009
I use a one terabyte external hard drive for backing up data .
The drive came formatted with a FAT filesystem , which I immediately replaced with the more reliable ext3 .
After formatting the drive as ext3 I noticed that the storage capacity had dropped considerably .
Why did this happen ?
Linux filesystems such as ext3 reserve a percentage of their capacity for privileged processes .
In the case that the filesystem fills up , important processes with be able to continue functioning and writing to the disk .
By default 5 % of a filesystem will be reserved .
For modern high - capacity disks , this is much higher than necessary .
On my 1 TB disk , this 5 % works out to be 50 GB !
If you ’ve got a large filesystem , or a filesystem which does not store your Linux system files , it ’s safe to reduce the percentage of reserved blocks to free up that disk space .
Use the tune2 fs utility to do this .
The command below would set the percentage of reserved blocks on the partition / dev/sdf1 to 1 % :
sudo tune2fs -m 1 /dev/sdf1
Be sure to replace / dev/sdf1 with your own path ; you can use the df command to get a listing of your filesystem device paths and their mount points .
I freed 37 GB of space by changing the reserved blocks to 1 % on my TB drive .
The Truth About Electronics Companies and Recycling
January 10th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
With both the Consumer Electronics Show and MacWorld occurring this past week , I thought it was time to take a look at what happens to most fancy new electronics once they ’re not so new and fancy anymore .
The other day , I spoke to Barbara Kyle , the National Coordinator of the Electronic TakeBack Coalition about the state of electronics recycling in the US .
Which companies have the worst recycling programs ?
Quite a few TV companies are doing exactly nothing , but Sony was the first TV company to launch a takeback program .
LG and Samsung are the only other two with national programs .
Panasonic , Sharp , and Toshiba own a recycling company together called MSM that was created to comply with state laws .
They have said they ’re planning on operating a national program , but they have n’t done that yet .
None of these companies have truly convenient programs for a consumer trying to figure out “ what am I going to do with my TV ? ” TV companies need to help retailers with this , because people usually buy TVs in retail stores .
It ’s a big stumbling block at this point .
What about computer companies ?
Most people do n’t do mailback , so companies that rely on it will never see significant numbers .
Some companies are linked in with trade - in values or sell back policies , but the numbers still are n’t that significant .
You need to have a lot of visible options , and if you go to the homepage of almost any electronics company , you do n’t find a link to a recycling program .
Do you see any major changes occurring in 2009 ?
A lot of states have passed laws mandating recycling programs , and some of these programs go online as of this year .
More go online next year .
But between states , some [ laws ] are more aggressive than others .
Now companies are thinking about how to make money off this .
We ’re seeing more voluntary action because companies can’t afford not to — it looks bad to duck this in the year of digital conversion .
It ’s currently pretty easy to recycle cell phones , right ?
For cell phones , everyone upgrades every two years .
People are turning over cell phones so quickly , and the hurdle of mailing them back is n’t that big .
But the cell phone industry is n’t making an effort get back phones .
Phones have n’t been covered by legislation because there are so many options out there — it ’s just a marketing challenge .
The other piece of the puzzle is what are they doing with the phones once companies get them back ?
We want to see info on where toxic parts go , to what country .
When companies are n’t willing to say that , it makes us suspicious .
Electronics companies have a long way to go in proving that they are managing these waste streams in responsible ways .
Photo credit : CC licensed by Flickr user Samuel Mann
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
I got my eyes on you ...
24/7
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
ISS Missing Door for the Toilet A matter of privacy by G B Leatherwood
A century and a half later , we have a different crew of pioneers , only the frontier they are crossing is 60 miles “ up ” instead of “ west . ”
But the issue is just the same — privacy .
From the earliest days of astronauts and cosmonauts living off the earth in Skylab , International Space Station , one of the most sought after privileges is privacy .
Astronauts have said that even a curtain to pull across their bunk is critical for their sanity .
And what do they do about those same bodily functions that still must be taken care of no matter who or where we are ?
We ’ve read about the extreme gyrations and contortions space farers must execute when they have to use the bathroom .
Now , in just the past few weeks , a new set of equipment has been carted up to the International Space Station ( ISS ) installed so the full complement of six people can live , work , and play there for a long period .
The new toilet / commode is not just a place to receive waste products , but has a very serious purpose on which long - term space voyages might depend .
Down here we call it recycling , but instead of making second or third uses of paper , plastic , glass , and cardboard , the recycled material will be human byproducts including urine , sweat , and saliva .
The new equipment allows the crew to capture their waste material , run it through the mechanical and chemical processes to extract the unusable parts and turn what ’s left into that most critical necessity , pure water .
So where does the privacy issue come in ?
Well , when the new equipment was being installed , the crew noticed million .
“ Oh , well , ” they said , “ it ’s just temporary .
We ’ll hang the curtain later . ”
Like February or March , so we ’re told .
Gee , would n’t you think that for 19 mill those pioneers could at least have a little privacy ?
We never hear about it , but when the wagon trains were working their way West , the folks must have had to find some way to , well , take care of their bodily functions .
The men , of course , because of their somewhat different physiques , might not have had much trouble taking care of business , but for the women it was a different story .
Crossing the vast plains of what is now Texas , Kansas , Nebraska , and then the great deserts of the West with nary a tree or bush in sight must have caused some concern .
But we never hear about it , so those hardy folk must have found some way to preserve their dignity and their privacy .
A century and a half later , we have a different crew of pioneers , only the frontier they are crossing is 60 miles “ up ” instead of “ west . ”
But the issue is just the same — privacy .
From the earliest days of astronauts and cosmonauts living off the earth in Skylab , Mir , and now the , one of the most sought after privileges is privacy .
Astronauts have said that even a curtain to pull across their bunk is critical for their sanity .
And what do they do about those same bodily functions that still must be taken care of no matter who or where we are ?
We ’ve read about the extreme gyrations and contortions space farers must execute when they have to use the bathroom .
Now , in just the past few weeks , a new set of equipment has been carted up to the ) installed so the full complement of six people can live , work , and play there for a long period .
The new toilet / commode is not just a place to receive waste products , but has a very serious purpose on which long - term space voyages might depend .
Down here we call it recycling , but instead of making second or third uses of paper , plastic , glass , and cardboard , the recycled material will be human byproducts including urine , sweat , and saliva .
The new equipment allows the crew to capture their waste material , run it through the mechanical and chemical processes to extract the unusable parts and turn what ’s left into that most critical necessity , pure water .
So where does the privacy issue come in ?
Well , when the new equipment was being installed , the crew noticed something was missing .
A door , or rather , a curtain that could be pulled across the facility when it was in use .
And get this : the whole contraption cost US $ 19 million .
That ’s right , .
“ Oh , well , ” they said , “ it ’s just temporary .
We ’ll hang the curtain later . ”
Like February or March , so we ’re told .
Gee , would n’t you think that for 19 mill those pioneers could at least have a little privacy ?
Earlier court hearings were told she shot her stepfather in the head with his own shotgun in March 2007 to free herself from a life of horrendous sexual slavery .
The next morning , according to a police interview , she cut off his arms , legs and head with a handsaw .
She then buried the torso in the garden , put the limbs and head in white plastic rubbish bags and took them to a camping ground 16 kilometres away .
She threw the limbs down two long - drop toilets and hid the head in the bush .
The man , 34 , had sexually abused her - sometimes daily - from when she was 14 for four years .
Almost 10,000 images of sexual intercourse and sex acts , taken by the man on a digital camera , were found by police on discs and memory sticks after her arrest .
She told police she had to do what her stepfather had ordered when he was alive because " I was his " .
Asked what would have happened if she had not shot him , she said : " I probably would have killed myself . . . ' cos I could n't live the way I was . "
Prominent barrister Robert Richter , QC , was set to defend the woman free of charge at her trial .
During the committal hearing , the court heard that several people strongly suspected the teenager 's relationship with her stepfather was sexual .
Her mother - who was living in the Mooroopna house with the pair but working night shifts at the SPC Ardmona cannery - accused him of " f - -- ing " her daughter but he dismissed it .
Two former school friends of the woman from Mooroopna Secondary College said they had spoken with a teacher and a school counsellor about their suspicions , but to their knowledge no action was taken .
My strongest memories of my trip to Ireland involves hitch - hiking from Galway to Clifden and walking past peat bogs edged with stone walls along the way .
This video by bigbeninjax captures the essence of that trip by weaving together images of landscape , buildings and people .
From the wide vista angles to intimate close - ups , a few minutes of viewing , offer a trip to Ireland from the comfort of where ever you ’re watching .
There is text throughout that sets the tone of transitions from one place and one theme to another .
Halfway through , there ’s a kaleidoscope effect that works quite well , as does the music ’s mesmerizing effect .
For people wondering what to do with those journey of a lifetime shots , here ’s one way .
Pay attention to the timing of each shot .
It ’s about right for giving the viewer time to absorb one before moving on to another .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
January 12 , 2008
It ’s too bad war criminal and Rockefeller minion Henry Kissinger is not a few decades younger .
If he was , he might be turning somersaults and slapping high fives over the current state of the global economy .
Instead , Kissinger has penned an ebullient — for Kissinger — editorial lauding the coming depression for the International Herald Tribune .
Kissinger pals it up with the last CFR installed president .
According to Kissinger , the rapidly unfolding economic depression and accompanying misery for billions of people “ generates a unique opportunity for creative diplomacy ” to usher in “ a world financial order ” and force sovereign nations “ to face the reality that its dilemmas can be mastered only by common action , ” that is to say through world government and a New World Order , a phrase Kissinger repeats several times in the article .
“ An international order will emerge if a system of compatible priorities comes into being .
It will fragment disastrously if the various priorities cannot be reconciled , ” writes Kissinger .
In other words , if nations do not embrace the “ international order ” in response to the bankster engineered global depression , they will be left to twist in the wind , sort of like Zimbabwe and other third world nations where absolute poverty and human misery are the rule of the day .
“ The nadir of the existing international financial system coincides with simultaneous political crises around the globe .
Never have so many transformations occurred at the same time in so many different parts of the world and been made globally accessible via instantaneous communication .
The alternative to a new international order is chaos , ” Kissinger warns .
Obama the manufactured messiah out of nowhere , Kissinger writes , is the answer .
“ The extraordinary impact of the president - elect on the imagination of humanity is an important element in shaping a new world order . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Obama was selected by the global elite Kissinger so faithfully serves to push the New World Order scheme , misleadingly defined by Kissinger as “ an opportunity , not a policy . ”
Kissinger ’s primary goal is to shill for world government .
He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations , the Trilateral Commission , and the Bilderberg Group .
In the late 1920 ’s , financing for the CFR came from the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation .
“ The most powerful clique in these elitist groups have one objective in common — they want to bring about the surrender of the sovereignty of the national independence of the United States , ” explained Rear Admiral Chester Ward , a former CFR member .
“ A second clique of international members in the CFR comprises the Wall Street international bankers and their key agents .
Primarily , they want the world banking monopoly from whatever power ends up in the control of global government . ”
Kissinger is merely informing us of the plan his masters have had in mind now for more than sixty years .
Obama will be the front man the globalists will use to usher in the New World Order , a phrase coined by H.G.
Wells when he used it as the title of a book about a socialist one - world government future .
“ The phrase has also been linked to American presidents , including Woodrow Wilson , whose work on establishing the League of Nations pioneered the concept of international government bodies , and to the first President Bush , who used it in a 1989 speech , ” writes Drew Zahn .
“ Kissinger ’s ties to government and international powers – as well as his use of the phrase – have made him suspect in the eyes of many who are wary of what ‘ new world order ’ might actually mean . ”
Prior to his International Herald Tribune article , Kissinger mounted the floor of the New York Stock Exchange and told CNBC ’s “ Squawk on the Street ” hosts Mark Haines and Erin Burnett that in essence Obama would be the man tapped to realize the one - world slave labor and control grid .
Obama ’s “ task will be to develop an overall strategy for America in this period when , really , a new world order can be created .
It ’s a great opportunity , it is n’t just a crisis . ”
In fact , it is a classic example of the problem - reaction - solution paradigm .
The banksters engineered the current economic “ problem ” specifically to shove their “ solution ” down our throats — a New World Order of total control and global totalitarianism .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
You look around nervously as you approach the ticket counter .
What would people think if they saw you going into a place like this ?
Even the woman at the counter seems to be looking at you funny .
What kind of guy would come here in broad daylight ?
You ca n’t shake off the paranoia , as though you ’re paying for a peep show in a seedy part of town .
But you ’re in one of the smartest sections of Vienna , walking into a posh cultural institution to see one of the most talked - about art exhibits in recent memory : “ The Porn Identity , ” an over - the - top exploration of sexual imagination .
In the city where Sigmund Freud explored the dark recesses of consciousness that no one ever talked about , the exhibit aims to shatter the taboo about smut , which is somehow everywhere and nowhere .
Pornography is huge .
It remains one of Southern California ’s biggest industries and generates $ 100 billion a year in revenue worldwide .
And though derided , ignored and confined to the darkness of the living room or hidden behind the blackened windows of the adult movie store , porn has been so influential in pop culture that it has taken on the character of cultural artifact , if not art .
“ Pornography is one of the biggest economic sectors , but it ’s never discussed publicly , ” says Angela Stief , a curator and art historian at the Kunsthalle , a building in Vienna ’s celebrated Museumsquartier where the exhibit will be up until June 1 .
“ It ’s something which is hidden .
We transfer it into the public or into the exhibition hall and therefore you can maybe ask the question why you have n’t been talking about it . ”
By moving porn out of the realm of the private , it loses its impact , Los Angeles filmmaker T. Arthur Cottam shows in his 2002 short film “ Pornographic Apathetic . ”
In it , actors sit at a table and stare at each other blankly as they engage in a bout of listless dirty talk .
“ Who are you ? ” says the woman , flatly .
“ I ’m the handyman , ” the man replies .
“ Are you here to fix my plumbing ? ” she asks .
A few profanity - laced lines later , the man continues in a dull monotone .
“ This is so hot , ” he says , not sounding at all like he ’s enjoying himself .
“ It feels good , ” she says dispassionately .
“ Wow .
You make me dirty . ”
The piece makes you laugh while illustrating one of the paradoxes of smut :
At its core , it ’s rather idiotic and boring .
You see the seamy underside of the adult entertainment industry in Angela Bulloch ’s 1992 installation “ Baby Doll Saloon , ” which lists the rules for the talent performing at a New York strip club , informing the women that “ management reserves the right to fire you without notice or reason ” and admonishing them to “ try ” not to bring their drugs to work .
Even if you do n’t agree that pornography degrades women , you certainly can’t deny that it exploits them for profit .
But the exhibit also includes an interesting counterpoint in Louisa Achille ’s 2003 documentary , “ The Naked Feminist , ” which chronicles the rise of female entrepreneurs and directors , some of them former performers , as powers in the porn industry .
“ The difference between erotic and pornographic is in the lighting , ” says one woman interviewed in the film .
Several pieces celebrate porn ’s frivolity as well as its pervasiveness in art and popular culture .
A phallus protrudes from the seat of an exercise bicycle in a re-creation of Dada artist Marcel Duchamp ’s 1913 “ Bicycle Wheel . ”
A bronzed pair of a naked woman ’s legs spread wide from the front of a Playboy pinball machine in Ed and Nancy Kienholz ’s 1980 “ The Bronze Pinball Machine with Woman Affixed Also . ”
The statue of a kneeling naked woman from the milk bar in Stanley Kubrick ’s 1971 science fiction classic , “ A Clockwork Orange , ” serves as the exhibit ’s emblem , illustrating “ Porn Identity ” exhibition books , guides and posters .
At the exhibit ’s center is a forest of TV monitors showing X - rated films as well as suggestively edited clips highlighting awkward moments from innocent 1930s movies in an attempt to “ explore the limits between art pornography and film , ” as Stief put it .
In the constantly changing cascade of old and new porn flicks shown on the bank of monitors called the “ Rainbow Wall , ” you see not only moments of copulation between two or more actors but hairstyles , camera angles , poses , textures and fashions of now and then , a historical catalog of sexual fantasy and imagination .
Walking around the exhibit , you see silver - haired businessmen toting briefcases and turtleneck - wearing artistes seriously pondering each piece , as well as groups of college students giggling nervously , some blushing , some laughing aloud .
You relax , not so worried if someone else sees you .
You ’re just another art lover .
daragahi@latimes.com
The lawsuit accuses UBS and Switzerland ’s financial regulator , the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority , or Finma , of violating Swiss bank secrecy laws and of conducting what Swiss law considers illegal activities with foreign authorities .
It also named Peter Kurer , the chairman of UBS , and Eugen Haltiner , the chairman of Finma , as defendants .
The suit , filed by a lawyer in Zurich , Andreas Rued , on behalf of nearly a dozen American clients , underscores the growing clash between Swiss banking secrecy laws and those of the United States .
Tax evasion is not considered a crime in Switzerland .
Disclosing client names under Swiss law is a criminal offense and can expose bank executives and officers to fines , prison terms and other penalties .
UBS is the world ’s largest private bank and Switzerland is the world ’s largest offshore tax haven , with trillions of dollars in assets .
The lawsuit , which UBS described in an internal memo late Tuesday , stems from UBS ’s agreement last week to turn over to federal authorities in Washington the names of 250 wealthy Americans suspected of using secret UBS offshore accounts and entities to evade taxes .
UBS reached a $ 780 million deferred - prosecution agreement to settle accusations that it used undisclosed offshore private banking services to help wealthy Americans evade taxes .
But the bank is still under scrutiny by the Justice Department , which is seeking to force it to disclose the names of the 52,000 American clients it suspects may have evaded taxes .
Mr. Rued could not be reached for comment .
CNBC Slideshows
Start Page
What we are doing
Starting Monday December 22 at 8:00 PM
PST , we initiated the Zimbabwe48 campaign - Over the next 48 hours we will use every social media and networking site on the internet to bring attention to the situation in Zimbabwe .
On top of the still raging Cholera epidemic which has killed 11,000 and sickened 24,000 , starvation is now rampant in Zimbabwe with 7 of 10 people having eaten one meal or less the previous day .
In years past , when things like this happened , there was little we could do , but now we can unite and use the power of digg to spread the word and tell the world that enough is enough .
For a short primer on the situation , read this New York Times article :
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/22/world/africa/22zimbabwe.html
Get involved
It is important that you spread the word however you feel comfortable - some people like to make youtube videos , twitter , facebook , myspace , blogs , social news sites others like email - this page will serve as a link between all of those .
Add your links below
Spread the word about this campaign
Tell your friends about this campaign and ask them to participate ( see email template below )
Introduce yourself on the chat box below so that we can communicate
If you maintain a web log / facebook / myspace / or a twitter account , tell announce this campaign Twitter : use the hash tag #zim posts using #zim Facebook Group : http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=108475835433
Promote Zimbabwe issues on social media sites
Vote up Zimbabwe articles on reddit
Vote up Zimbabwe articles on digg
Watch and comment on youtube videos
Chatbox
If forums are more you style , go Here
Template email for your friends
Hi ,
You are invited to join the " 48 Hours to Save Zimbabwe " Campaign .
In response to recent news reports on the situation in Zimbabwe , Over the next 48 hours we will use every social media and networking site on the internet to bring attention to the situation in Zimbabwe .
Please Join us at
http://zimbabwe48.wikidot.com/
Thanks ,
Template Comment for youtube / digg / reddit articles
What is happening in Zimbabwe right now is just terrible .
This comment is part of the " 48 Hours to Save Zimbabwe " campaign .
Over the next 48 hours we will use every social media and networking site on the Internet to bring attention to the situation in Zimbabwe .
We are not powerless .
Help us take action on this issue .
http://zimbabwe48.wikidot.com/
Get Better at recruiting for these events
IIS 7 Compression .
Good ?
Bad ?
How much ?
Sunday , February 22 , 2009
If you have n't properly utilized compression in IIS , you 're missing out on a lot !
Compression is a trade - off of CPU for Bandwidth .
With the expense of bandwidth and relative abundance of CPU , it 's an easy trade - off .
Yet , are you sure that your server is tuned optimally ?
I was n't , which is why I finally sat down to find out for sure .
I 'll share the findings here .
A few years ago I wrote about compression on IIS 6 .
With IIS 6 , the Microsoft defaults were a long ways off of the optimum settings , and a number of changes were necessary before IIS Compression worked well .
My goal here is to dig deep into IIS 7 compression and find out the impact that the various compression levels have , and to see how much adjusting is needed to finely tune a Windows web server .
Note :
If you do n't care about all the details , jump right down to the conclusion .
I 've made sure to put the key review information there .
What 's my purpose here ?
To find out the bandwidth savings for the different compression levels , contrast them against the performance impact on the system and come up with a recommended configuration .
Understanding IIS 7 and its Differences from IIS 6
IIS 6 allowed compression per extension type ( i.e. aspx , html , txt , etc ) and allowed it to be turned on and off per site , folder or file .
Making changes was n't easy to do , but it was possible with a bit of scripting or editing of the metabase file directly .
IIS 7 changes this somewhat .
Instead of compression per extension , it 's per mime type .
Additionally , it 's easier to enable or disable compression per server / site / folder / file in IIS 7 .
It 's configurable from IIS Manager , Appcmd.exe , web.config and all programming APIs .
Additionally , IIS 7 gives the ability to have compression automatically stopped when the CPU on the server is above a set threshold .
This means that when CPU is freely available , compression will be applied , but when CPU is n't available , it is temporarily disabled so that it wo n't overburden the server .
Thanks IIS team !
These settings are easily configurable , which I 'll cover more in a future blog post .
Both IIS6 and IIS7 allow 11 levels of compression ( actually ' Off ' and 10 levels of ' On ' ) .
The goal for this post is to compare the various levels and see the impact of each .
Objectives and Rules
The first thing I had to do was determine what tests I wanted to run , and how I could achieve them .
I also wanted to ensure that I could clearly see the differences between the various levels .
Here are some key objectives that I set for myself :
Various file sizes :
All tests had to be applied to various sizes of files .
I initially tested using the default IIS7 homepage ( 689bytes ) , a 4 kb file , a 28 kb file and a 516 kb file .
I figured that would give a good range of common file sizes .
As it turned out , part way through I discovered that performance is severely affected on files of about 200 kb and greater , so I did another series of tests on 100 kb , 200 kb , 400 kb and 800 kb files .
Test compression only :
It was important to me that compression was the only factor and that other variables did n't cloud the picture .
For that reason , all of my test pages generate almost no CPU on their own .
Almost all of the CPU increases in my tests are from compression only .
Compression ratio : I used Port 80 Software 's free online web tool to get the compression amount .
Stress Testing : I used Microsoft 's free WCAT tool .
For the heavy load testing I used two WCAT client servers so that I can test the IIS server to the limit .
One client could n't quite bring the IIS server to 100 % CPU .
Baseline Transactions per Second :
After testing for a while , I realized that the most useful data was with a fixed trans / sec goal .
Otherwise , if I tested with a virtually instant page and thousands of transactions per second , the compression resource usage is unrealistic and the data confusing .
Very few real - life IIS servers handle thousands of very - fast pages per second .
So , to make the numbers more useful , I added a 125 ms delay to each page so that my server could serve up 120 trans / sec with 0 % CPU when compression is turned off .
Compression at all CPU Levels : I had to turn off the CPU roll - off so that all pages are compressed , even at 100 % CPU .
IIS 7's default setting of CPU roll - off is great , but it gets in the way of this testing .
Solid Computer : Since compression is CPU bound , it 's important that the server is n't a dinosaur .
The test server is a Dell M600 with a Quad Core Intel Xeon processor ( E5405 @ 2.00 Ghz ) .
The server only has 1GB of RAM but the physical memory was never used up for these tests , so it had all the memory that it needed .
The disks are SAS , 10 K RPM in a RAID 1 configuration .
I 'll include the raw data at the bottom of the post for anyone that is interested .
Let 's take a look at the results .
Compression Levels
As shown in the graph here , the largest increase was between compression level 3 and 4 .
After that , the compression improvements were very gradual .
However , if you check out the raw data below though , every level offered at least some incremental benefit .
Time to First Byte
Here 's a fun test I 've always wanted to do , but never got around to it .
I was curious how quickly a compressed vs. a non-compressed page would load under minimal server load .
In other words , if there is plenty of CPU to spare , does a compressed page load at near line - speed ?
While both Time to First Byte ( TTFB ) -- when the page starts to load -- and Time to Last Byte ( TTLB ) -- when the page finishes loading -- are valuable , I felt that the TTFB gave the picture that I needed .
As you can see , all but the 516 kb came in at about 0 milliseconds , even compressed .
Note that the 28 kb and 4 kb lines are hidden behind the 689 bytes line .
Even the 516 kb file came in at under 80 ms .
What 's 80 ms ??
That 's very low unless you have a really busy site .
As far as I 'm concerned from this data , even a 516 kb file loads at line speed as long as the server is n't bogged down .
Let 's think about the 80ms a bit more .
Dynamic pages , database calls and other factors play a much bigger role .
Plus , the < 80 ms saves over 300 kb on the page transfer , which is a savings of 2.34 seconds on a 1 M bps line !
( Calculation based on : 300 k bytes savings .
A 1Mbps line will transfer 1024 Kbps / 8 = 128 KB per second .
300/128KB/s = 2.34 seconds )
All of the smaller pages load almost instantly , so the impression that the end user gets from a non-pegged server is going to be better with compression on .
Note that my testing does n't take Internet latency and limits into account .
So , as long as the server can compress it at near line speed , it 's going to benefit the site visitor all the more .
CPU Perspective
The following two charts are from a second round of testing that I did , so the file sizes are different than in the previous test .
In my first round of testing I found that the file size makes a huge difference .
With anything under 100 kb , the compression overhead is almost non-existent .
However , once you have file sizes of a couple hundred kb or greater , the CPU overhead is significant .
I ran the tests on 100 kb , 200 kb , 400 kb and 800 kb files .
To put the size in perspective , I spent a good 10 minutes getting content from various sites to come up with 800 kb of text .
I used pages like this from Scott Guthrie 's blog , and it still took multiple pages to collect 800 kb of text .
That particular page only has 145 kb of text on it , but it 's 440 kb in size because of the HTML mark - up .
So , a 400 kb file is n't overly common ( not many people have as many blog comments as Scott Gu ) , but it 's certainly possible .
To obtain a good CPU chart , I had to use some trickery .
I wanted to create a test where I could hit the server as hard as a heavily utilized server is hit , but somehow keep non-compression related CPU to 0 .
I achieved this by using System .
Threading .
Thread .
Sleep ( 125 ) in the pages .
This sets a 125 ms delay that does n't use any CPU .
Then I set the WCAT thread count to 30 per server ( 2 WCAT client computers ) .
This became my baseline since , with these settings , the IIS server handled 120 Transactions / second .
From looking at some busy production servers here at ORCS Web , I concluded that that was a reasonable level for a busy server .
The CPU load without compression was nearly zero , so I was pleased with this test case .
I found this the most interesting .
Notice that each file size hit a sweet spot at a different compression level .
For example , if you figure that your files are mostly 200 kb and smaller , you may want to use Compression Level 4 , which uses almost no CPU for a 200 kb file .
This is on a Quad Core server , targeting 120 transactions / second .
As you can see , if you plan to have that level of traffic on your server , and your file sizes are into the hundreds of kilobytes , you may want to watch the compression utilization on the server .
It may be using more resources that you realize .
I do n't think most people have much to worry about though as the average page size is less than 100 kb , and the load on the average server is often much less than 120 transactions / second .
I 'll mention more in the conclusion , but it 's worth briefly mentioning now that you should consider having different compression levels for static and dynamic content .
Static content is compressed and cached , so it 's only compressed once until the next time the file is changed .
For that reason , you probably do n't care too much about the CPU overhead and can go with a setting of 9 .
On the other hand , dynamic pages are compressed every time ( for the most part , although further details on cached dynamic pages can be found here ) .
So , the setting for the dynamic compression level is much more important to understand .
This also lets us realize that it would be foolish to turn on compression just for the fun of it .
Formats that do n't compress much ( or are already compressed ) like JPG's , EXE's , ZIP's and the like , are often large and the CPU overhead to try to compress them further could be substantial .
These are n't compressed by default in IIS 7 .
Transactions per Second
Just as a reminder , my goal was to start with 120 transactions / sec .
The server could handle much more , but this was controlled so that 120 was considered the base .
That was achieved with < 1 % CPU when non-compressed .
Notice that 100 kb and 200 kb files can still be served up at nearly the same rate .
Once you get to 800 kb file sizes though , the server spends massive computing power to compress each page .
Part of that is n't just compression related .
Notice that even with compression turned off , IIS could only serve up 80 Transactions / sec using the same WCAT settings .
However , the transacctions / sec drops off considerably with each compression level .
Conclusion
So , what is my recommendation ?
Your mileage will vary , depending on the types of files that you serve up and how active your involvement in the server is .
One great feature that IIS 7 offers is the CPU roll - off .
When CPU gets beyond a certain level , IIS will stop compressing pages , and when it drops below a different level , it will start up again .
This is controlled by the staticCompressionEnableCpuUsage and dynamicCompressionDisableCpuUsage attributes .
That in itself offers a large safety net , protecting you from any surprises .
Based on the data collected , the sweet spot seems to be compression level 4 .
It 's between 3 and 4 that the compression benefit jumps , but it 's between 4 and 5 that the resource usage jumps , making 4 a nice balance between ‘ almost full compression levels ' and ‘ not quite as bad on resource usage ' .
Since static files are only compressed once until they are changed again , it 's safe to leave them at the default level of 7 , or even move it all the way to 9 if you want to compress every last bit out of it .
Unless you have thousands of files that are n't individually called very often , I recommend the higher the better .
For dynamic , there is a lot to consider .
If you have a server that is n't CPU heavy , and you actively administer the server , then crank up the level as far as it will go .
If you are worried that you 'll forget about compression in the future when the server gets busier , and you want a safe setting that you can set and forget , then leave at the default of 0 , or move to 4 .
Make sure that you do n't compress non-compressible large files like JPG , GIF , EXE , ZIP .
Their native format already compresses them , and the extra attempts to compress them will use up valuable system resources , for little or no benefit .
Microsoft 's default of 0 for dynamic and 7 for static is safe .
Not only is it safe , it is aggressive enough to give you ‘ most ' of the benefit of compression with minimal system resource overhead .
Do n't forget that the default * does not* enable dynamic compression .
My recommendation is , first and foremost , to make sure that you have n't forgotten to enable dynamic compression .
In almost all cases it 's well worth it , unless bandwidth is free for you and you run your servers very hot ( on CPU ) .
Since bandwidth is so much more expensive than CPU , moving forward I 'll be suggesting 4 for dynamic and 9 for static to get the best balance of compression and system utilization .
At this setting , I can set and forget for the most part , although when I run into a situation when a server runs hot , I 'll be sure to experiment with compression turned off to see what impact compression has in that situation .
Disclaimer : I 've run these tests this last week and have n't fully burned in or tested these settings in production over time , so it 's possible that my recommendation will change over time .
Use the data above and use my recommendations at your own risk .
That said , I feel comfortable with my recommendation for myself , if that means anything .
Additionally , at ORCS Web , we 've run both static and dynamic at level 9 for years and have never attributed compression as the culprit to heavy CPU on production servers .
My test load of 120 transactions / sec is probably more than most production servers handle , so even 9 for both static and dynamic could be a safe setting in many situations .
The How
Here are some AppCmd.exe commands that you can use to make the changes , or to add to your build scripts .
Just paste them into the command prompt and you 're good to go .
Watch for line breaks .
Enable Dynamic Compression , and ensure Static compression at the server level :
C: \Windows \System32\Inetsrv\Appcmd.exe set config - section:urlCompression - doStaticCompression : true - doDynamicCompression :true
Alternately , apply for just a single site ( make sure to update the site name ) :
C: \Windows \System32\Inetsrv\Appcmd.exe set config " Site Name " - section:urlCompression - doStaticCompression : true - doDynamicCompression :true
To set the compression level , run the following ( this can only be applied at the server level ) :
C: \Windows \System32\Inetsrv\Appcmd.exe set config - section : httpCompression -[name='gzip'].staticCompressionLevel:9 -[name='gzip'].dynamicCompressionLevel:4
IIS 7 only sets GZip by default .
If you use Deflate , run the previous command for Deflate too .
Note that when changing the compression level , an IISReset is required for it to take effect .
Data
In case the raw data interests you , I 've provided it here .
Compression ratio
Level 400 kb
Text 28 kb
Text 1 kb Text 516 kb text Size % Size % Size % Size % Off 3904 0 % 28274 0 % 689 0 % 528834 0 % 0 1713 57 % 13878 51 % 594 14 % 238630 55 % 1 1636 59 % 12825 55 % 588 15 % 221751 59 % 2 1597 60 % 12342 57 % 587 15 % 213669 60 % 3 1592 60 % 11988 58 % 587 15 % 206795 61 % 4 1434 64 % 11400 60 % 457 34 % 190362 65 % 5 1428 64 % 11228 61 % 457 34 % 184649 66 % 6 1428 64 % 11158 61 % 457 34 % 181087 66 % 7 1428 64 % 11151 61 % 457 34 % 180620 66 % 8 1428 64 % 11150 61 % 457 34 % 180485 66 % 9 1428 64 % 11150 61 % 457 34 % 180481 66 %
CPU Usage per Compression Level
Level 100 kb 200 kb 400 kb 800 kb CPU T/sec CPU T/sec CPU T/sec CPU T/sec Off 1 % 120 1 % 119 3 % 103 6 % 81 0 1 % 125 1 % 115 11 % 117 65 % 83 1 1 % 112 1 % 113 42 % 103 59 % 73 2 1 % 126 1 % 123 48 % 103 65 % 76 3 1 % 122 2 % 125 44 % 107 79 % 75 4 1 % 120 2 % 122 43 % 95 79 % 62 5 1 % 120 44 % 111 68 % 79 90 % 47 6 6 % 117 47 % 111 83 % 75 95 % 33 7 27 % 105 57 % 117 83 % 70 98 % 31 8 45 % 105 60 % 120 84 % 66 98 % 29 9 45 % 90 60 % 90 84 % 66 98 % 29
Time to First Byte ( TTFB ) - minimal load .
In milliseconds .
史料にみる日本の近代 - 昭和十九年度物資動員計画改訂大綱
いつの時代のどこの世界でも，無理な予算と期日で特定の目標を達成することが求められるプロジェクトというのは存在するもの。そんなプロジェクトの当事者になったとき，そっと見返すのが，この史料。戦況の苦しさが増してくる昭和１９年，自分のおじいちゃんの世代の人々が，国家を懸けたプロジェクトにおいて，無理だとは分かっていても立てなければならなかった見積もりの記録。
史料に目を通してみると，例えば，２１万トンのアルミニウムを内地で作るのに，２４３万トンもの海上輸送能力が必要とされていたことが分かる。でも，この頃のシーレーンの確保状況はどんどん危うくなってきていて，肝心の運送能力を担う船舶群はどんどん沈められていってしまう。結局，昭和１９年に生産できたアルミニウムは１１万トンとのことで……半分は到達できているから，まだマシな方なのか。
そんなことに思いを巡らせていると，自分の立てている見積もりなんてだいぶ楽な方だ，と，少し気分が軽くなる。まあ，やっちゃいけない類の心の安らぎだけど。
Tim Boutell said he and his wife heard the screech of " metal on metal , " and then screamed themselves Sunday night as walls of ice pushed toward their Kawkawlin Township home along Saginaw Bay .
" About 9 p.m. my wife , Beth , heard some noise and I kind of disregarded it until she went downstairs to peek outside , and she obviously screamed .
And then I looked out and saw the ice piled up and moving toward the house , " said Tim Boutell , 50 , owner of one of about 36 Bay County homes evacuated due to invading ice .
Boutell said he told his daughters , who were watching TV , to get up , get a bag and get out .
" Then ( we ) went down knocking on the doors of a few older folks who lived out here , " Tim Boutell said .
" We got them out , and then got out . "
UPDATED : Ice damages homes in Bay County 's Kawkawlin Township
Residents evacuated about 36 homes near the shore of Saginaw Bay on Sunday night as wind - driven ice floes crushed into houses , according to police .
Ice had entered as far as 12 feet inside some of the homes , according to troopers at the Michigan State Police post at Bay City .
Troopers did n't report any injuries .
Dispatchers sent police to the scene in Kawkawlin Township along Linwood Beach Road , near Boutell Road , at 10:30 p.m. after residents along Linwood , Killarney and Brissette beaches began calling .
As residents began evacuated their homes , state police troopers were assisted by the Kawkawlin Township Fire Department and workers from Consumers Energy , who turned off gas to some houses .
Residents were advised to shut off the main power to their homes .
Strong , persistent northeast winds on Sunday caused the ice damage .
National Weather Service meteorologists said winds came from the northeast - from 15 to 32 mph - for 11 consecutive hours , from 1 p.m. Sunday to midnight .
The ice was moving about 20 feet every half hour and there was nothing anyone could do to stop it .
One Linwood Beach home that was evacuated last night had piles of ice sitting in the living room as the sun came up this morning .
The ice busted through a front window , spilling chunks of ice inside the home .
But the ice seemed to pick and choose where it attacked .
At one spot , a boat hoist is a crumbled mass of metal .
Next door , another hoist is virtually unscathed .
With mountains of ice in their front yards , John Grendel and Dave Wagner consider themselves lucky .
Wagner , a Michigan State Police trooper , said it was amazing how fast the mountain of ice came to shore .
Both he and Grendel had kept an eye on the ice all day Sunday as the wind came from the east .
" ( The ice ) came up a little during the day , " said Grendel .
But around 8:30 p.m. , he walked outside and saw ice piling up on the shore .
He sent his wife , Hope , and three children into town .
He began alerting neighbors .
" It looked like glaciers coming in , " he said .
And although their homes are safe now , both men say the even makes you realize what 's important .
" In this day and age , there is nothing material that 's important , " Grendel said .
" It 's all about family . "
Efficiency : not glam but good at saving energy CLEAN ENERGY
Raul Ramirez assembles a super insulated SuperWindow ( cq ) at Serious Materials on Thursday March 12 , 2009 in Sunnyvale , Calif .
Serious Materials which makes energy - efficient windows , drywall and other building materials is hoping to cash in on President Obama 's stimulus plan which will devote more than $ 10 billion to making homes and offices more energy efficient .
less Raul Ramirez assembles a super insulated SuperWindow ( cq ) at Serious Materials on Thursday March 12 , 2009 in Sunnyvale , Calif .
Serious Materials which makes energy - efficient windows , drywall and other building ... more Photo : Mike Kepka , The Chronicle Photo : Mike Kepka , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Efficiency : not glam but good at saving energy 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Kevin Surace 's peers in the world of alternative energy make solar cells , wind turbines and exotic biofuels .
He makes windows and drywall .
Glamorous , it is n't .
But his Sunnyvale company , Serious Materials , represents one of the most important elements of the country 's clean energy future - efficiency .
Surace 's windows and insulated drywall can slash energy bills in homes and offices .
One building renovation project in New York will install $ 1.5 million of Serious windows , a big investment .
But the windows will save the building more than $ 700,000 each year , Surace said .
" In about two years , you get your money back , and after that , it 's the gift that keeps on giving , " he said .
" If you save energy , it actually puts money back in your pocket .
Solar does n't .
Wind does n't .
So that 's a powerful tool . "
For years , efficiency was the " other " alternative energy trend , overshadowed by the high - tech allure of renewable power .
Saving energy just did n't have the same cachet as engineering a better solar panel or coaxing fuel from corn stalks and algae .
Most American politicians and business leaders focused on finding more energy , not using less .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
That has changed .
President Obama 's economic stimulus package devotes more than $ 9.5 billion to making low - income homes and federal office buildings more energy efficient .
Almost $ 412 million will go to efficiency and weatherization programs in California .
The Golden State , whose government started focusing on efficiency long before it was in vogue , has its own set of rebates for homeowners and businesses that want to install more efficient windows , lighting and appliances .
Venture capitalists have been pumping money into startups developing new ways to manage energy use , in the home and across the electric grid .
Then there 's the recession .
Faced with declining sales , businesses have a powerful incentive to cut their utility bills by installing energy - efficient lighting or air - conditioning systems .
Some companies that conduct energy efficiency audits or make power - conserving equipment say their sales have actually increased during the downturn .
This hum - drum industry 's time has come .
" It 's a non-sexy , non-glamorous , boring thing , " said David Asplund , chief executive officer of Lime Energy , which finds ways to make office buildings more efficient and is based in the Chicago suburbs .
" The guys in our company who have been doing this for 20 years feel like they 've been wandering in the desert , and they 've just now come to the promised land . "
Unlike other subsets of green tech , the energy efficiency industry is hard to define and has fuzzy borders .
Some efficiency companies make building materials .
Others design software that cuts the power use of computers or other kinds of equipment .
Still others , such as Lime , provide a service , studying how much energy their clients use and cutting their utility bills .
All these companies share a mission :
They find ways to do more with less .
Think of the compact fluorescent light bulb that has become an emblem of the industry .
It puts out the same amount of light as its incandescent competitors while using far less energy .
" You want the same performance , or better performance , for less , " said James Davis , president of Chevron Energy Solutions Co .
" The answer is better technology , not reprogramming people . "
Davis ' outfit is the efficiency wing of Chevron Corp. , the global oil company based in San Ramon .
Much like Lime , Chevron Energy Solutions performs energy audits for its clients , inspecting their buildings and equipment .
The auditors determine how much energy each building uses and how much could be saved by upgrading its lighting , its heating and air conditioning and the machinery inside .
Then Chevron gives its clients a menu of the most cost - effective upgrades and lets them pick .
On average , the company can cut a client 's energy bills by 30 percent , Davis said .
Mixing oil and efficiency
Chevron Corp. does not give specific profit or revenue figures for Chevron Energy Solutions .
But Davis said his company has been profitable since 2003 , and its revenues have been rising about 20 percent annually .
He expects the growth to continue this year .
Davis says there 's nothing incongruous about an oil company getting into the efficiency business .
Most of his customers are government agencies , which will soon have even more money to spend on efficiency upgrades thanks to the stimulus .
And his single largest customer is Chevron Corp. itself .
The corporation 's energy bill for 2008 was roughly $ 7.5 billion , he said .
It would have been about $ 3 billion higher if the corporation had n't put so much effort into making all its operations more efficient .
" We 're in a little hiatus right now , " with energy prices , said Davis .
" But when you look out over the next 30 years , there 's going to be more demand than supply . "
While Davis ' company is part of a large , highly profitable corporation , many efficiency businesses are still startups , trying to gain a foothold in the field .
They 've had help .
Since 2003 , the amount of venture capital flowing into energy efficiency companies has grown 505 percent to hit $ 427 million in 2008 , according to the Ernst & Young consulting firm .
That 's about 9 percent of all the venture capital investments in the clean tech world last year .
Tracking energy use
Like the efficiency industry as a whole , the startups represent a wide range of ways to save power .
Greenbox Technology of San Bruno has developed a computer program that can tie into the new generation of high - tech electrical meters that utilities - including Pacific Gas and Electric Co. - are installing on homes and businesses across the country .
The program lets homeowners track when and how they use energy , breaking the information down into a series of graphs and charts on their home computers .
" When you can see something visually , you understand it in a fundamentally different way , " said Matthew Smith , Greenbox 's vice president of marketing .
The company has already tested its program with 24 customers of Oklahoma Gas and Electric , and most of them cut their energy use and saved money after studying the information .
That kind of data will become much more important if electrical utilities start charging customers different rates for different times of day instead of the flat rates that are now the norm .
Empowering energy users
" The feedback we got from people is , ' We always thought of electricity as a fixed cost - we did n't really think we had that much control over it , ' " Smith said .
" That was a very empowering thing . "
The industry probably wo n't escape the recession unscathed .
While the economic downturn may help some efficiency companies , it may hurt others that have n't yet established themselves and may have trouble finding funding for their projects .
But the stimulus package has helped prime a market that already has great potential , said Jeff Grabow , leader of Ernst & Young 's clean - tech practice for the Pacific Northwest .
" It provides the certainty that this wo n't be another flash in the pan like it was in the 1970s , after the last energy crisis , " he said .
I ’ve just found a fascinating article in the History of Psychiatry about a type of delusion that was widely reported in the 15th to 17th centuries but rarely occurs in modern times .
The reports were of patients who believed that they were made of glass and thought they might shatter if they suffered even the lightest of knocks .
In some of the more unusual forms , people struck with this form of madness might even consider themselves to be an oil lamp , a drinking vessel or even trapped in glass bottle .
The belief could even be specific to certain parts of the body :
Reports of glass bones , arms , and legs appeared much later , but Early Modern accounts were particularly rich in allusions to glass hearts / chests , and fragile heads .
Tommaso Garzoni , an Italian monk , wrote a series of character sketches of mentally - disturbed people in 1586 .
In one of these cameos , drawn from Galen , the fragile delusion presents as a man who thought that his body consisted of only a large head , which he protected from injury by avoiding all contact with his fellows .
The delusion was reported in medical and the proto- scientific literature of the time , but also shows up in plays and literature .
Reportedly , one famous sufferer was King Charles VI of France , who allegedly refused to allow people to touch him , and wore reinforced clothing to protect himself .
While we tend to be most interested in how new delusional themes arise in response to cultural developments , we pay much less attention about delusions which were once common but now rarely occur .
This is a lovely example of a very well researched look at the history of no -longer popular delusions .
It ’s also worth noting that Wikipedia has a page on the delusion where someone has briefly summarised some of the main points of the article .
Link to ‘ Reflection of the Glass Delusion of Europe ’ .
Link to DOI entry for same .
Link to glass delusion page on Wikipedia .
Cash rules all !
Yes , creative planning and strategy are important , but let ’s be real .
Without the proper budget , it ’s going to be difficult to get exactly what you want .
Plan for the money and resources at your disposal .
Plan what you ’ll create or shoot in - house and what you may want to outsource to a production company .
Plan what you can splurge on and what you may want to save on .
An even better way to connect with customers is to put them behind the camera .
User - generated content is more likely to generate a response than company - generated content .
Instead of spending hours coming up with a script and producing a powerful video , invite your customers to create one of their own .
Offer a prize for the best video showcasing customer use of your product and you ’ll likely get an overwhelming response .
White balance tells your camera the color temperature of the environment you 're shooting in .
Different types of light have different colors .
For example , incandescent bulbs ( like what many people put in a lamp ) have a very warm color .
The fluorescent lights ( if you 're reading this in an office , look up ) are a little bit cooler .
Daylight is cooler yet .
Before you begin shooting , you have to adjust your camera 's white balance according to your setup .
Posting your video on social platforms is also basically required , though the social channels you choose may differ depending on where your audience is most active .
You ’ll also want to think about posting your video natively ; most social platforms give native videos preference over video links from other sources .
Post your video natively where you can , and keep an eye on your platform - specific data .
Talk to your existing customers .
They are the ones who already know , like , and trust you enough to buy what you 're selling .
Their input could help you create content that attracts more of the similar audience .
Literally set aside 30 minutes to call them and ask why they hired your product to solve a problem and what content they 'd like to see you produce .
Within your channel itself , you can also organize videos into playlists , making it easy for your audience to search within your content .
As a social platform , viewers can engage with your videos by liking and commenting on them , providing you another chance to interact with your audience .
YouTube also offers a variety of advertising options for more sophisticated targeting .
Search algorithms are increasingly prioritizing web pages with video and videos now appear in 55 percent of Google keyword searches .
Besides helping your website rank on relevant searches , videos also make your snippet ( or the actual result listing content ) bigger and more eye - catching , meaning searchers will likely see it before they see other results on the page .
Now that you know what stage of the marketing funnel you ’ll be targeting , it ’s time to figure out who your intended audience is .
This is also a crucial step ; if you create a video without a specific audience in mind , it ’s much more likely to be a flop .
Those who are meant to watch it wo n’t , and those who do watch it wo n’t convert .
So , how do you know who your target audienceExtended ArticleHow Do You Find the Target Audience for Your Brand Videos ?
One of the first steps in creating your video marketing strategy is figuring out exactly who you want your videos to reach .
This is … Read More is ?
In the following sections , we 'll cover the types of videos you should create for each stage in the image above .
To start , plan to create at least two videos for each .
Do n't forget to include call - to - actions to help lead your audience through their purchase journey and into the role of " promoter . "
Over time , you can improve based on conversion rates and the content gaps you discover .
Metrics for success differ from goal to goal .
We ’ve classified some of the essential metrics based on where your ideal viewer falls within the marketing funnel .
While tracking every single metric below would be ideal , we know your resources , data platforms , and reporting capabilities might be limited .
If you ca n’t track them all , instead focus on tracking the metrics relevant to your goal .
At this point , the consumer is weighing their options and deciding on the purchase .
Therefore , the goal of this kind of video is to make your audience visualize themselves using your product or service — and thriving .
There 's a reason 4X as many customers would rather watch a video about a product than read about it .
Videos are able to display functionality and leverage emotions in ways a product description never could .
When it comes time to shoot , clear out unnecessary people from the room and turn off the overhead lights .
With your three - point lighting setup , there will be no need for those harsh fluorescents .
When — and only when — everything is set up , call in your talent .
There 's nothing worse than being nervous , and then having to anxiously watch as lights are turned on and the camera is tested .
As you ’re planning your entire production , from creative ideation to actual video distribution , you should have a timeline to stick to .
You should actually have multiple — overall timeline , production timeline , distribution timeline , and more .
Your timeline serves as your guiding light , keeping you aware of how much you ’ve done and what ’s left to do .
Search ads are n’t video - friendly just yet , but you can target high - volume keywords related to your product , service , or brand and create a landing page for your video content .
Whether your goal is to educate about a certain topic or introduce your product , you can drive these high - traffic keywords to your page for a low cost per click and get huge returns .
Former Sen. Norm Coleman announced Wednesday that a hacker may have confiscated the confidential financial information for several thousand donors to the Minnesota Republican ’s campaign .
Hacker steals Coleman donor data
Former Sen. Norm Coleman announced Wednesday that a hacker may have confiscated the confidential financial information for several thousand donors to the Minnesota Republican ’s campaign .
In a statement released Wednesday evening , Coleman attorney Fritz Knaak said the campaign suspects that there was a breach in the Coleman for Senate website , and that many donors ' personal information — including credit card numbers — had been accessed illegally .
Advertisement
“ Let me be perfectly clear :
We believe a federal crime has been committed , ” Knaak said .
“ This information has been stolen .
And , stealing private , confidential information is illegal . ”
Knaak said that individuals who contributed online to Coleman should immediately cancel their credit cards .
Knaak said the campaign became aware that something was amiss in late January when its website crashed , potentially compromising the security of the site .
At the time , law enforcement authorities launched an inquiry but did not turn up any evidence of wrongdoing , he said .
Tuesday night , the Coleman campaign was notified that donors had been receiving e-mails from the address [ email protected ] that said this organization had obtained donors ’ confidential and private financial information .
And the campaign said it notified law enforcement immediately thereafter .
“ We intend to fully pursue all legal options available , working with all appropriate local , state and federal authorities to identify the criminals who stole this information and to seek the most severe punishment available for their crimes , ” Knaak said .
Knaak said the hacker ’s motive is unclear .
Coleman has been actively raising money to pay his legal bills in his battle with comedian Al Franken over the Minnesota Senate seat , where Franken leads by 225 votes .
A decision in the trial where Coleman is challenging the results is expected later this month .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
" If you ’re not cheating , you ’re not trying . "
– Anonymous U.S. military officer
As a naval aviator pal of mine once remarked , cadets in our military academies spend the summer before their freshman year learning an arcane honor code and spend the next four years learning how to violate it without getting caught .
So is it any wonder our general officer corps is populated by Orwell - class doublethinkers who speak doubletalk like it ’s their first language ?
During the run-up to the Iraq invasion , then - Army Chief of Staff Eric Shinseki was the only four - star who had the strength of character to take a public stance against Donald Rumsfeld ’s plan to conquer Iraq with a small force , relying on crackpot warfare theories like network - centric operations and shock and awe to make up for insufficient troop strength .
Shinseki ’s principled stand bought him a one - way ticket to Fort Palooka .
Rumsfeld , not satisfied that any of the active - duty generals would toe the line sufficiently , brought his old cow - tipping buddy Peter Schoomaker out of retirement to replace Shinseki .
Rummy had sent an unmistakable message : it was his way or the exit ramp .
The remaining generals either fell into lockstep or kept their own counsel , and we got four years of dead - enders in their last throes .
As the 2006 elections neared , almost everyone at Defense , including Rumsfeld , was talking about lowering public expectations for Iraq and beginning a drawdown of U.S. presence .
Narcissus , however , would n’t let young Mr. Bush lose a war that could be lost on his successor ’s watch .
Levers were pulled , wheels turned , somebody shoved a pie in the Iraq Study Group ’s face , and , voilà , out trotted the surge .
For the longest time we thought neoconservative academic Fred Kagan was the chief architect of the surge .
Recently , Thomas E. Ricks told us that the real genius behind the Iraq escalation was David Petraeus ’ 300 - lb. lapdog , Ray Odierno .
That assertion required a worm - to - butterfly transformation of Odierno , whom Ricks had earlier portrayed as the bull in the china shop who single - handedly fomented the Iraq civil war .
Now Odie ’s the Desert Ox .
Whoever actually cooked up the surge , the Joint Chiefs and commander in Iraq Gen. George Casey were dead set against it .
But then the dope dealing commenced and the four - stars ’ objections faded like the Chicago Cubs .
The ground service generals were promised a larger Army and Marine Corps , Casey got the Army chief of staff assignment , and Adm .
Mike Mullen was promised the chairman ’s job .
January 2007 was a key month in American history .
On the fifth , the American Enterprise Institute published Fred Kagan ’s Choosing Victory : A Plan for Success in Iraq .
On Jan. 10 , Mr. Bush announced that he would increase U.S. presence in Iraq by 21,000 troops .
On the twelfth , at a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee , John McCain endorsed the surge and became the de facto presidential candidate of the neoconservative movement .
January 2007 was also the month David Petraeus assumed command of international forces in Iraq .
Tom Ricks kick - started the public image campaign to make Petraeus into a five - star deity , describing the general in the media as a " fascinating character " who was " just about the best general in the Army " and , oh yeah , " quite ambitious . "
Ricks noted Petraeus ’ " very successful first tour in Iraq in 2003 - 2004 , " referring to his command in Mosul , but he did not mention how Mosul collapsed after Petraeus left and the bribes he ’d been handing out dried up .
That January was also the month the Bush administration promised to provide evidence that Iran was providing arms to Iraqi militants .
The administration never did prove those accusations , but that did n’t prevent it from repeating them loudly and often .
One of the loudest Iran - bashers was Petraeus , who did n’t even pretend to have credible proof Iran was arming Iraqi militants .
Reminiscent of the joke about the man beating his wife , Petraeus simply challenged Iran to prove that they had stopped arming Iraqis .
Then Irony cleared its throat : in August 2007 a story broke that in 2004 , while in charge of training Iraqi security forces , Petraeus had lost track of 190,000 AK - 47 rifles and pistols that could n’t have walked anywhere but into the hands of the Iraqi militants Iran was supposedly arming .
Irony might also mention that as Petraeus was arming the insurgency , Doctor Conrad Crane and others at the Army War College began work on the new counterinsurgency field manual that Ricks and others would later claim Petraeus " wrote . "
Petraeus pursued an aggressive information campaign that promoted the agenda he shared with the neocons to establish a permanent U.S. presence in Iraq .
His most outrageous publicity stunt was the March 2007 Baghdad shopping spree he staged for McCain and McCain ’s office wife , Lindsey Graham .
At a news conference , McCain , Graham , and other Republicans remarked that they could " mix and mingle unfettered " with Iraqis and that the market reminded them of " a normal outdoor market in Indiana in the summer time . ”
The next day , the New York Times and other sources revealed that Petraeus had put more than 100 of his troops in harm ’s way to provide security for a propaganda demonstration supporting the surge strategy and the McCain candidacy .
Adm . Mullen also tried to tip the election toward the GOP .
In a July 2008 Joint Force Quarterly ( JFQ ) article , Mullen wrote that every day , troops asked him questions like " What if a Democrat wins ?
What will that do to the mission in Iraq ? " ( Italics Mullen’s . )
The article ’s title ( Irony winks ) was " From the Chairman : Military Must Stay Apolitical . "
Also that month , right after Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki agreed with candidate Obama that 16 months would be the right interval for a withdrawal timeline , Mullen warned on Fox News that a withdrawal timeline would be " dangerous . "
In his July JFQ article , Mullen wrote that " we [ in the military ] defend the Constitution " by " obeying the orders of the commander in chief . "
He did n’t specify whether he meant obeying all commanders in chief or just the Republican ones , but he did n’t have to .
Everybody got the message .
By mid-summer 2008 , Petraeus had beaten Adm. William Fallon two out of three falls for control of Central Command , he had handpicked the next generation of Army generals , and young Mr. Bush had announced that his " main man " Petraeus would be the decider of when and if U.S. troops would redeploy from Iraq .
Petraeus and his long - war generals owned American foreign policy , and they were determined to keep it .
Fortunately for them , their best course of action was obvious : they merely had to keep doing what they were doing , which was entrenching America deeper and deeper into Iraq .
If McCain pulled an upset in the election , great , he was already on board .
The beauty part was that Obama would have to go along with what the long warriors wanted as well .
If he crossed them openly , and things went poorly ( which they ’re bound to whether Obama follows their advice or not ) , it would be Obama ’s fault for ignoring his generals .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates turned a nice trick in this vein during a recent interview on Meet the Press .
He told David Gregory that the generals would obey the mandate to end the combat mission in Iraq by August 2010 , but if they " had had complete say in this matter , they would have preferred that the combat mission not end until the end of 2010 . "
Obama played into the long - war strategy by insisting he would finish the job in Afghanistan .
Now his generals are pushing him into an aimless escalation of that conflict that will likely make us the latest superpower to embalm itself in that part of the world .
Nobody in the Pentagon is taking the Iraq status of forces agreement ’s ( SOFA ) December 2011 deadline seriously .
The ink on the SOFA was barely dry when both Mullen and Odierno smirked that " three years is a long time , " and that the situation could change .
Gates claims that Obama himself may force Maliki to renegotiate the agreement .
Thanks to Ricks , Odierno is on record as wanting to keep 35,000 or more troops in Iraq through 2015 .
And if anyone thinks to question the need to sustain these two wars , the long - war generals can always tell another lie about Iran ( like Mullen did recently when he said the Iranians have enough fissile material to make a bomb  they do n’t ) and claim that our presence in Iraq and the Bananastans is necessary to keep Iran contained .
Our generals are forcing a self - defeating security policy on us for the sake of preserving their institution , which means far more to them than the Constitution they swore to protect or the country they ’re supposedly defending .
In a finer era of American journalism , editorial pages across the nation would have demanded the forced retirement of every four - star on active duty .
Today ’s big news media , unfortunately , are either afraid of the Pentagon or in its corner .
Congress has been on life support for nearly a decade , and as we have discussed , Obama ’s political constraints are considerable .
It ’s up to what few retired or active - duty generals of integrity we have left to confront the junta in a very public " have you no sense of decency ? " moment .
Unfortunately , that would amount to generals ratting out fellow generals , which would violate their honor code .
Psychologists have studied this sort of behavior since at least 1978 , when Steven Berglas and Edward E. Jones used the phrase “ self - handicapping ” to describe students in a study who chose to take a drug that they were told would inhibit their performance on an exam ( the drug was actually inert ) .
The urge goes well beyond a mere lowering of expectations , and it has more to do with protecting self - image than with psychological conflicts rooted in early development , in the Freudian sense .
Recent research has helped clarify not just who is prone to self - handicapping but also its consequences  and its possible benefits .
In the original conception , Dr. Berglas and Dr. Jones identified self - handicapping in students who were told they had aced a test made up of impossible - to - answer questions .
They had “ succeeded ” without knowing how or why .
“ These are the people who are told they are brilliant , without knowing how that inference is derived , ” said Dr. Berglas , now an executive coach in the Los Angeles area .
He understood the impulse , he said ; he himself first experimented with drugs in high school just before taking the SAT , on which he was expected to get a perfect score  a reckless stunt that provided the seed for the theory .
The urge to shoot one ’s own foot seems to be stronger in men than in women .
In surveys , Dr. Hirt and others have measured the tendency by asking people to rate how well a series of 25 statements describes their own behavior  for example , “ I try not to get too intensely involved in competitive activities so it wo n’t hurt too much if I lose or do poorly . ”
Men tend to score higher on these measures and , in lab studies , to handicap themselves more severely .
Image Credit ... Jennifer Daniels
Yet given the opportunity , and a good reason , most people will claim some handicap .
In a paper published last summer , Sean McCrea , a psychologist at the University of Konstanz in Germany , described experiments in which he manipulated participants ’ scores on a variety of intelligence tests .
In some , the subjects could choose to prepare before taking the test or could join the “ no practice ” group .
It might seem strange to say this , but it is hard to say exactly how many species of penguins there are living in the world today .
Most authorities suggest between 16 to 19 species , with the 17 types of penguins listed on this website being the most common .
However , even one of those is in doubt : the evidence indicates that the Royal penguin is really probably only a white - faced variant of the Macaroni penguin .
Yet , there might still be 17 species of penguins – or even more : genetic and other evidence is accumulating to suggest that the penguins with the long crests known as Rockhopper penguins probably comprise two , or even three , different species .
Similarly , Gentoo penguins may well consist of more than one species .
Each species belongs to a larger grouping of closely related species known as a genus .
The living penguins comprise six genera ( the plural of genus ) .
You can see which species belong to each genus by looking under Families of Penguins in the Menu .
Otherwise , if you wish to go straight to the information about a particular species , click on its picture below .
WARNING : LOOK AWAY OR SCROLL DOWN IF YOU'RE GETTING SICK OR HAVING A SEIZURE .
Walter Anthony creates optical illusions .
The one there in the picture is called The Purple Nurple Optical Illusion and it made me puke up a grilled cheese sandwich , some southern style potato salad , two eggs , and a cup of tomato soup .
Anomalous Motion Optical Illusion aka Peripheral Drift Optical Illusion is characterized by anomalous motion that can be observed in peripheral vision . [ â€¦ ]
Keep in mind that this is a static image .
It is not animated in any way .
but as your vision moves back and forth the center area seems to be moving toward the center ( contracting ) and the outer edges seem to be moving away ( expanding ) from the center .
Also worth noting is that if you fixate on a point in the center and donâ€™t move your eyes this anomalous motion will stop .
Wow , it 's like I 'm 14 again and I just took a couple hits of wicked acid .
Except my friends have n't all run away and left me in the middle of the woods to bug out alone and cry for eight hours straight .
And let me tell you one thing -- if you think tree spirits and forest gnomes are make believe , you 're entirely correct .
Or at least they do n't come to the rescue when a gang of ogres beats you up for your pants and the whereabouts of some fairy princess .
Walt Anthony
via
The Purple Nurple Optical Illusion [ neatorama ]
Something gone wrong in his head .
Rated : 9.00/10 | | Votes : 1 | | Views : 4,186 | | Submitted : 03/13/2009 | Add Media to Myspace , Hi5 , Friendster , Blogspot , Facebook .
Link To :
MIT Group Increases Global Warming Projections
By Andrew Freedman
Report : High odds of warming over 5 °C ( 9 °F ) if no action
Warming possibilities for " no policy " and policy scenarios between 1990 and 2100 .
Size of pie slice indicates the likelihood of a given amount of warming under the different scenarios .
Graphics courtesy MIT Joint Program on the Science and Policy of Global Change .
New research from MIT scientists shows that in the absence of stringent reductions in greenhouse gas emissions , 21st century climate change may be far more significant than some previous climate assessments had indicated .
The new findings , released this month by MIT 's Joint Program on the Science and Policy of Global Change , showed significantly increased odds that by the end of the century warming would be on the high end of the scale for a so - called " no policy scenario " as compared with similar studies completed just six years ago .
The main culprits : the cycling of heat and carbon dioxide in the climate system are now better understood and projections of future greenhouse gas emissions have increased .
The results also showed that even if nations were to act quickly to reduce emissions , it is more likely that warming would be greater than previous studies had shown .
However , the increase in projected temperatures under the " policy scenario " was not as large as for the no policy scenario .
Keep reading for more information about MIT 's revised projections ...
The modeling experiments are not meant to provide precise forecasts of future temperature changes , but rather to serve as what one related MIT study calls " thought experiments " to help policymakers and the public understand how decisions regarding emissions reductions may affect the magnitude of climate change .
They show how human activities are loading the dice in favor of a warming climate , and cast doubt on the feasibility of limiting temperature increases to the lower range of what the influential U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change projected in its most recent assessment report in 2007 .
To update their findings that were first unveiled in 2002 , the MIT researchers used an in - house computer model known as the MIT Integrated Global System Model that incorporated new insight into how the climate system functions .
A main conclusion is that feedbacks within the climate system , which MIT says can be more accurately simulated in the updated version of its model , may act to increase the magnitude of climate change in response to increasing atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases .
The more greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , MIT researchers reported , the more significant the feedbacks may be .
Results of the studies are depicted online in MIT 's " Greenhouse Gamble " exercise that conveys the " range of probability of potential global warming " via roulette wheel graphics ( shown above ) .
The modeling output showed that under both a " no policy " scenario and one in which nations took action beginning in the next few years to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , the odds have shifted in favor of larger temperature increases .
For the no policy scenario , the researchers concluded that there is now a nine percent chance ( about one in 11 odds ) that the global average surface temperature would increase by more than 7 °C ( 12.6 °F ) by the end of this century , compared with only a less than one percent chance ( one in 100 odds ) that warming would be limited to below 3 °C ( 5.4 °F ) .
The median warming value , with even odds of the temperature increase being above or below that value , was 5.1 °C ( 9.2 °F ) .
For comparison , the same research group 's no policy scenario yielded a median value of just 2.4 °C ( 4.3 °F ) in 2002 .
" The take home message from the new greenhouse gamble wheels is that if we do little or nothing about lowering greenhouse gas emissions that the dangers are much greater than we thought three or four years ago , " said Ronald G. Prinn , professor of atmospheric chemistry at MIT .
" It is making the impetus for serious policy much more urgent than we previously thought . "
According to the research group , there was no single factor that caused the new computer modeling to project a greater amount of warming compared with their 2002 simulations .
" In our more recent global model simulations , the ocean heat - uptake is slower than previously estimated , the ocean uptake of carbon is weaker , feedbacks from the land system as temperature rises are stronger , cumulative emissions of greenhouse gases over the century are higher , and offsetting cooling from aerosol emissions is lower , " the group 's web site states .
" Rather than interacting additively , these different affects appear to interact multiplicatively , with feedbacks among the contributing factors , leading to the surprisingly large increase in the chance of much higher temperatures . "
Under the policy scenario , in which global carbon dioxide concentrations would reach about 550 parts per million by 2100 ( the current level is about 385 ppm ) , the projected magnitude of climate change is significantly less than under the no policy scenario , but it still would warm more significantly than the 2002 projections .
Under the policy scenario , there is a 90 percent chance that climate change could be limited to below 3 °C ( 5.4 °F ) , compared to just a one percent chance of that occurring in the no policy case .
" If greenhouse gas emissions are controlled to relatively low levels then the Earth systems feedbacks are much lower and the slight difference in Earth system properties is not as important -- again a result of the way in which these different factors interact multiplicatively , " the researchers stated .
As with any computer modeling work , there are uncertainties involved in the projections , and MIT researchers went to great lengths to quantify them in their estimates of temperature increases and future greenhouse gas emissions .
Prinn said that rather than obscuring the uncertainties , the roulette wheels " give our best shot of showing what the uncertainties are and at the same time showing the value of a policy . "
The MIT research is sponsored by a consortium of government agencies , including the Department of Energy and U.S. EPA , as well as companies that include several major oil companies such as ExxonMobil and Chevron .
Technical papers accompanying the results can be found here and here .
What do you think of the use of a roulette wheel to convey the odds of a warming climate ?
Might that approach be applicable to weather forecasts too ?
You 're welcome to share your thoughts in the comments section below .
This is the record of the woman John McCain wanted to be vice - president of the United States :
According to Taxpayers for Common Sense , a Washington - based watchdog group , Alaska will receive more money , per capita , from the bill 's earmarks than any other state .
( Alaska will pocket $ 209.71 for each state resident . )
One hundred earmarks in the bill , worth a total of $ 143.9 million , are tagged for Palin 's state .
I assume she 'll turn them down , right ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Analysts , regulators , and politicians are beginning to recognize that most if not all of the widely touted benefits of modern finance redounded only to its purveyors .
The decidedly retro Canadian banking system , with simple products , high equity requirements , and relatively modest securities operations that focus on domestic customers , is the soundest in the world .
As Theresa Tedesco noted in the New York Times :
The five major chartered banks , the few regional banks and handful of large insurance companies are all regulated by the federal government .
Canadian banks are relatively constrained in the amounts they can lend .
Canadian banks are required to have a bigger cushion to absorb losses than American banks .
In addition , Canadian government regulations protect the domestic banks by limiting foreign competition .
They also keep banks broadly owned by public shareholders … .
Canadian banks are known to be risk - averse , and this has served them well .
While their American counterparts were loading up their books with risky mortgages , Canadian banks maintained their lending requirements , largely avoiding subprime mortgages .
The buttoned - down banks in Canada also tended to keep these types of securities on their books , rather than packaging them and selling them to investors .
This meant that the exposures they did have to weak mortgages were more visible to the marketplace .
The big five Canadian banks — Royal Bank of Canada , Toronto - Dominion Bank , Bank of Nova Scotia , Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and Bank of Montreal — survived the recent turmoil relatively unscathed .
Their balance sheets remain intact and their capital ratios are comfortably above requirements .
Columbia University professor Amar Bhide , writing at the Berkeley Economic Press , endorses the idea of a reinstitution of simpler banking practices .
The first part of his article offers an insightful , in many respects novel , critique of how we got in our mess .
Bhide sees it as long in the making :
The financial debacle — the first to implicate the widespread use of complex financial instruments , rather than simple speculation or imprudent lending — is n’t just the result of the recent missteps of bankers , rating agencies or mortgage brokers .
Rather , finance has been on the wrong trajectory for more than half a century .
Its defects derive from the academic theories and regulatory structures that have evolved since the 1930s — dysfunctional foundations that have not drawn the scrutiny they deserve .
And without addressing the deep defects , we are likely to lurch from crisis to crisis .
His recommendation is straightforward :
The Microsoft Malware Protection Center 's security research team has been working on a technology that speeds up the analysis of vulnerabilities .
Their goal is a very ambitious one : automate the process of analyzing exploits , indentify malicious input bytes quickly , identify how shell code is executed , and narrow the search space for further manual analysis .
Microsoft is sometimes criticized for how quickly the company responds to an emerging threat , so the idea is to integrate this technology in the next version of Forefront , a line of comprehensive security products ( for companies ) that aims to offer multiple layers of defense against threats .
The toolset is dubbed Paladin , and according to the Threat Research & Response Blog , we will be hearing much more about it in the near future :
The results of this technology are very positive on memory corruption vulnerabilities and allow our research team to decrease dramatically the amount of time spent analyzing those vulnerabilities .
While it is true that there are types of vulnerabilities that Paladin is not perfectly suited for today we are working diligently to extend this capability towards even broader coverage and higher efficacy .
Expect to hear more about Paladin in the months to come and to benefit from this and related research today if you are a customer running the beta of the next version Forefront Threat Management Gateway with our Network Inspection System .
Paladin is actually built on top of a Microsoft Research and Incubation technology previously referred to as Vigilante , which Microsoft said was designed as " an automated worm containment system " that leverages dynamic dataflow analysis to track the use of untrusted data , and blocks it from being executed .
Paladin will be much more , and if Microsoft is can achieve what it hopes , we will be seeing a much shorter response time to threats in the coming years , at least for those who use Microsoft products .
A Mercedes C vs its chinese copycat , the Geely Merrie 300
How to move a house in China
McCain rips everyone on earmarks — Obama , Democrats and Republicans
During the presidential campaign , the compliant liberal press believed every word Barack Obama said .
Or at least they pretended they did .
They assured us that when their man was elected president , he would do as he promised by eliminating earmarks and emasculating lobbyists .
Oops .
Turns out there are 9,000 - some earmarks in the “ stimulus ” bill .
And lobbyists go to see the document before members of the House and Senate did .
John McCain does n’t like it and went ballistic on the floor of the senate yesterday .
“ If it sounds like I ’m angry , ” he roared , “ it ’s because I am . ”
His anti-earmark oratory was the kind of speech that ’s rarely heard in the Senate .
McCain hurled invective at President Obama , Democrats and Republicans and he used words that are equally rare in the Washington , DC gentlemen ’s club known as the U.S. Senate .
“ I just went through a campaign , Mr. President , where both candidates promised change in Washington , promised change from the wasteful , disgraceful , corrupting practice of earmark , pork - barrel spending , ” McCain seethed .
“ So what are we doing here ?
Not only business as usual , but an outrageous insult to the American people . ”
If the Arizona Republican had shown this kind of fire on the campaign trail , he might be president today .
Watch the entire five - minute video .
For once , John McCain seems a lot more like “ Mr. Smith goes to Washington ” and a lot less like Captain Queeg .
For conservatives , the news of the week was Rush Limbaugh ’s speech to the annual CPAC conference in Washington DC .
The speech achieved all and more that Rush could have hoped :
It was rapturously received by the more than 8,000 conference attendees and broadcast live on Fox News .
Better still , White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , appearing the next morning on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation , ” acclaimed Rush as the “ voice , energy , and intellect ” of the Republican Party .
So everybody ’s happy , right ?
Well , everybody except Republicans who care about their party ’s future electoral chances .
As ardently as Rush ’s fans adore him , Limbaugh is one of the less popular figures in American public life .
He polls especially poorly among two groups whom Republicans must attract in the future : independent voters and women .
Independents take a negative view of Limbaugh by a 45 - 22 margin .
As for women … well Rush himself has acknowledged the problem .
“ Thirty - one point gender gaps do n’t come along that often , ” he mused on his Feb. 24 program .
Rahm Emanuel knows what he is doing :
The more hermetically he and his team can affix Rush ’s image to our Republican behinds , the more difficulty we shall have climbing out of the hole we have dug for ourselves .
In a blog post Monday , I pointed out this ( not exactly secret ) problem .
Then I engaged in a rare act of conservative lese - majeste : I actually explained it .
Here ’s the duel that Obama and Limbaugh are jointly arranging :
On the one side , the president of the United States : soft - spoken and conciliatory , never angry , always invoking the recession and its victims .
This president invokes the language of “ responsibility , ” and in his own life seems to epitomize that ideal :
He is physically honed and disciplined , his worst vice an occasional cigarette .
He is at the same time an apparently devoted husband and father .
Unsurprisingly , women voters trust and admire him .
And for the leader of the Republicans ?
A man who is aggressive and bombastic , cutting and sarcastic , who dismisses the concerned citizens in network news focus groups as “ losers . ”
With his private plane and his cigars , his history of drug dependency and his personal bulk , not to mention his tangled marital history , Rush is a walking stereotype of self - indulgence — exactly the image that Barack Obama most wants to affix to our philosophy and our party .
And we ’re cooperating !
Those images of crowds of CPACers cheering Rush ’s every rancorous word — we ’ll be seeing them rebroadcast for a long time .
Rush knows what he is doing .
The worse conservatives do , the more important Rush becomes as leader of the ardent remnant .
The better conservatives succeed , the more we become a broad national governing coalition , the more Rush will be sidelined .
But do the rest of us understand what we are doing to ourselves by accepting this leadership ?
Rush is to the Republicanism of the 2000s what Jesse Jackson was to the Democratic Party in the 1980s .
He plays an important role in our coalition , and of course he and his supporters have to be treated with respect .
But he can not be allowed to be the public face of the enterprise — and we have to find ways of assuring the public that he is just one Republican voice among many , and very far from the most important .
Well , that put the cat among the pigeons !
The reaction from my conservative friends has been ferocious .
Here ’s my one - time editor , Rich Lowry of National Review : “ I find the attacks on Rush from the right mostly stupid , cringe - inducing , and wrong . ”
For good measure , he explicitly described my words as “ particularly nasty and personal . ”
But personal is the one thing this dispute is not .
What we are arguing about is the kind of party the GOP will be .
Over just the past couple of weeks , Limbaugh has compelled apologies first from a Republican congressman , then from the chairman of the Republican National Committee , for criticizing him .
He has extracted tributes praising him as a — if not “ the ” — leader of the party from the RNC chairman and the governor of Louisiana , Bobby Jindal .
Not since the Republican wilderness years of 1993 - 1994 has Rush held such uncontested sway .
But back then , Rush was content to play a supporting part .
Now he has assumed — or been conceded — the starring role .
Back in the 1970s , on the eve of the great Republican victories of the 1980s and 1990s , we on the right aspired to displace America ’s liberal governing elite with an elite of our own — “ a counter - establishment ” as journalist Sidney Blumenthal aptly described it .
But our last experience of government was a disappointing one to say the least , and the whole problem of government seems to interest us less and less .
Increasingly , we are vexed and motivated only by what we call “ the culture . ”
It ’s never quite clear what precisely we mean by that : maybe only the sum of all things that annoy conservative - minded people .
We are gradually shrinking from our former ambition — to govern — and taking our pleasure instead in alienation and complaint .
Those journalists who cover the conservative world are surprised by how relieved and happy conservatives seem to be about having lost the 2008 election .
No more irritating compromises , no more boring policy debates !
We can recline into the pure assertion of conservative dogma , a job nobody does better than Rush Limbaugh himself .
As Limbaugh told the CPAC crowd :
We need no new policy ideas .
Conservatism , he said , cannot be reshaped or reformed , and those who suggest otherwise must be “ stamped out . ”
And who knows ?
That view may prevail among Republicans for some long time to come .
But if it does , watch out .
Just as the American left retreated from politics into the universities in the 1980s , so — if Rush has his way — will the American right retreat from politics into the airwaves in the 2000s .
For my part , I ’ll adopt the justly famous philosophy of that anonymous American soldier who , upon reaching the front line at the Argonne just as the French army was giving way , exclaimed : “ Retreat hell !
We just got here . ”
An Indian man sells colored powder to celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of colors , at Banke Bihari temple in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 99.4 Miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Indians throw colored powder to each other as they celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of colors , outside of Banke Bihari temple in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 99.4 Miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Two Indian men , with their faces smeared with colored powder , pose for a photograph after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of colors , in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 100 miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Two Indian men with their faces smeared with colored powder stand outside of Banke Bihari temple after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of colors , in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 99.4 Miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Indians throw colored powder to each other as they celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Indian men with their faces smeared with colored powder celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of colors , at in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 99.4 Miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Indians throw colored powder on each other as they celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of colors , at Banke Bihari temple in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 99.4 Miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Indians throw colored powder to each other as they celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of Colors , on a street in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 100 miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Indians throw colored powder on each other as they celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of colors , at Banke Bihari temple in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 99.4 Miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Indians throw colored powder to each other as they celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of colors , at Banke Bihari temple in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 99.4 Miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Indians throw colored powder on each other as they celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of colors , at Banke Bihari temple in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 99.4 Miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Indians throw colored powder on each other as they celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of colors , at Banke Bihari temple in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 99.4 Miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Indians throw colored powder on each other as they celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of colors , at Banke Bihari temple in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 99.4 Miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Indians throw colored powder on each other as they celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi , or Festival of colors , at Banke Bihari temple in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 99.4 Miles ( 160 Km ) from New Delhi , India on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian boy with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian woman with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian man with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian woman with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian man with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian girl with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian boy with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian girl with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian boy with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian man with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian man with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian man with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian man with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian man says hello with his hand as he wears a colorful T - shirt while he celebrates the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of Colors outside of Banke Bihari temple in the northern Indian city of Mathura , 99.4 Miles ( 160 K m ) from New Delhi , on March 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
An Indian boy with a face smeared with colored powder poses for a photographer after celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi or Festival of colors in New Delhi , India on March 11 , 2009 .
The colorful festival of Holi celebrate all over India .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
In a similar way , we are in denial about the causes of recession and therefore cannot face up to the action required to lift us out of it .
As Niall Ferguson , professor of history at Harvard University , wrote in the Financial Times : " The reality being repressed is that the western world is suffering a crisis of indebtedness . "
In which case , pumping out yet more debt will not be the answer .
It is simply a short - term fix that in the long - run creates an even bigger disaster , like giving a shivering alcoholic a case of Special Brew .
President Joao Bernardo Vieira had ruled intermittently since 1980 Renegade soldiers have shot dead the president of the West African country of Guinea - Bissau , officials say .
The killing of Joao Bernardo Vieira is thought to have been a revenge attack , after the army chief of staff died in an explosion a few hours earlier .
The army denies there is a coup , and the capital Bissau is said to be quiet .
Guinea - Bissau is one of the world 's poorest states .
It has a history of coups and has become a major transit route for smuggling cocaine to Europe .
It 's not only the assassination of a president or a chief of staff , it 's the assassination of democracy
Mohamed Ibn Chambas
Ecowas
' I saw Bissau rocket attack '
Haunted by history of crisis
The cabinet announced seven days of national mourning for both leaders and launched a judicial inquiry into the deaths .
" President Vieira was killed by the army as he tried to flee his house , which was being attacked by a group of soldiers close to the chief of staff Tagme Na Waie , early this morning , " military spokesman Zamora Induta told AFP news agency .
He accused Mr Vieira of being responsible for the death of the army chief of staff , with whom he had fallen out .
' Avenge ' Braima Camara , a reporter from privately - owned Radio Pindiquiti in Bissau , told the BBC the president had been killed at his private house , not far from the presidential palace .
He said the president had been shot and stabbed in retaliation after he admitted giving the orders for Gen Tagme to be killed .
The president 's house was largely destroyed in the assault and later looted by soldiers , he said .
JOAO BERNARDO VIEIRA 1939 : Born Electrician by trade Key figure in struggle against Portuguese colonial rule 1980 : Came to power in coup , as head of armed forces 1994 : Won country 's first multi-party elections 1999 : Overthrown after sacking army chief 2005 : Returned from asylum to win presidential election
Obituary : President Vieira
He added that the military had taken the president 's wife and family to the UN representative in Bissau .
Chief of staff Gen Tagme died after a blast late on Sunday that destroyed part of the military headquarters .
The army then ordered two private radio stations in the city to cease broadcasting .
Armed forces spokesman Samuel Fernandes told reporters at one station : " We are going to pursue the attackers and avenge ourselves " .
But in a statement on state radio following Mr Vieira 's death , the military insisted no coup was in progress .
The armed forces statement said the military would respect the constitutional order - in which the head of the parliament succeeds the president in the event of his death .
The national assembly speaker - Raimundo Pereira - has now taken over at the helm of a transitional government and must organise presidential elections within 60 days .
The president and army chief are said to have been at odds for months .
Relations between Gen Tagme ( above ) and President Vieira had soured Renegade soldiers last November attacked the presidential palace with automatic weapons in a failed coup attempt .
The African Union , the European Union and former colonial ruler Portugal condemned the killing of 69 - year - old Mr Vieira - nicknamed " Nino " - as did Mohamed Ibn Chambas from the regional economic bloc Ecowas .
" It 's not only the assassination of a president or a chief of staff , it 's the assassination of democracy , " Mr Chambas told AFP .
Ecowas is due to hold an emergency summit about the crisis in Bissau on Tuesday , while the AU is reportedly arranging its own meeting over the situation .
Plagued by coups The West and Central Africa head of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime said he did not think the killing had anything to do with the drug trade .
Antonio Mazzittelli told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme it was more " the result of an institutional and personal character crisis rather than anything else " .
After last November 's attack , the president was subsequently given his own 400 - strong militia for protection .
In January , that militia was accused of trying to kill the head of the army and was then disbanded .
Some analysts suggested an ethnic dimension to the unrest .
President Vieira , from the minority Papel ethnic group , once accused officers from the majority Balanta community of plotting against him .
Several were condemned to death and others to long prison sentences .
Guinea - Bissau has been plagued by coups and political unrest since it gained independence from Portugal in 1974 .
President Vieira , just like the country 's previous leaders , relied on the army to stay in power , and personal rifts made it a rocky relationship , the BBC's West Africa correspondent Will Ross says .
Guinea - Bissau is a major transit point for Latin American cocaine headed for Europe and some army officials are known to have become involved in the trade , our correspondent says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Information and business resources , Safe and family friendly , Include your business in our search engine friendly directory today !
From : qwantz
2005-03-26 02:17 pm ( UTC )
Back in Time ( Back to the Future theme song ) :
Is this :
the 50s ?
1999 ?
All I wanted to do :
play my guitar
sing
Do n't :
bet your future on the roll of a dice
be late again
Do :
remember lightning never strikes twice
Gotta get :
back in time
back , Marty
Back in Time ( Back to the Future theme song ) :
From : skilledbastard
2005-03-26 02:27 pm ( UTC )
Wow .
Concise and loses none of the song 's meaning .
Truly the best format .
Kudos .
- Vincenzo
( Deleted comment )
From : qwantz
2005-03 -26 02:38 pm ( UTC )
Re : Rip that mainframe , I 'll explain .
Awesome !
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
From : qwantz
2005-03 -26 02:40 pm ( UTC )
regarding istanbul
Istanbul :
not Constantinople
a Turkish delight on a moonlit night
Every girl in Istanbul :
lives in Istanbul
does not live in Constantinople
Old New York :
once New Amsterdam
unsure why it was changed -> popular ?
Constantinople :
long time gone
got the works
From : czircon
2005-03-26 02:47 pm ( UTC )
Re : regarding istanbul People whose business it is : the Turks
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
From : nickmurdoch
2005-03 -26 02:45 pm ( UTC )
This is the first time to my recollection that I 've seen a double - indented list on my Livejournal friends page .
Congratulations , my friend !
Also hi , welcome to my journal and the madness within , etc .
From : subbes
2005-03 -26 03:05 pm ( UTC )
Girl from high school
Neither too simple nor too kind
New Wave fan
Since changed -> another kind
Thinks she 's Edith Head
Or Helen Gurley Brown
Or other cultural figure ( little - known )
Ways to know she 's not
Accent in her speech she did n't have growing up
Recent Interactions
Christmas
Reflection in window
Talking to herself
Neither too simple nor too kind
Complicated
Stuck in my mind
From : qwantz
2005-03 -26 03:13 pm ( UTC )
Sweet !
I do n't think I 've heard this song - what is it ?
( Deleted comment )
From : peddles
2005-03 -26 03:15 pm ( UTC )
This is a dangerous level of fun Contents of desert ( initial ) :
* Plants
* Birds
* Rocks
* Things
* Sand
* Hills
* Rings
Observations - Day 1 :
* Fly ( w/ buzz )
* Sky ( w/o clouds )
Name of Horse :
*( unknown )
Advantages of desert :
* Out of rain
* Can remember name
* No pain
Observations - Day 2 :
* Skin discolouration ( red )
Observations - Day 3 :
* Riverbed ( dry ) ( dead ? )
Observations - Day 9 :
* Reached border desert / sea
* Released horse
* Presence of + Plants
+ Birds
+ Rocks
+ Things
+ Sand
+ Hills
+ Rings confirmed
* Correlation of desert / sea noted ( subterranean population of latter )
* Cities contain : + Heart of ground
+ No love
From : samantha_vimes
2005-03 -26 09:23 pm ( UTC )
Re :
This is a dangerous level of fun LOL !
From : czircon
2005-03 -26 03:18 pm ( UTC )
another brick in the wall ( parts one through three ( inclusive ) )
Things across which Daddy has flown : the ocean
Things which Daddy has left behind for me : a memory unknown
Things which we do n't need : no education
no thought control
no dark sarcasm in the classroom
Conditions in which teachers are requested to leave them / us kids : alone
Things the having of which is dependent upon the eating of meat : pudding
Things which I do n't need : no arms around me no drugs to calm me anything at all
Things which I have seen : the writing on the wall
Things which , all in all , are or were just bricks in the wall : it you
From : ( Anonymous )
2005-03 -27 02:00 pm ( UTC )
Re : another brick in the wall ( parts one through three ( inclusive ) ) WRONG !
DO IT AGAIN !
From : music_slut
2005-03 -26 03:21 pm ( UTC )
Domo arigato
The problem :
too much technology
Machines :
save our lives
dehumanize
I am :
just a man
the modern man
Kilroy !
I am not :
a robot without emotions
what you see
a hero
a saviour
I 've got :
a secret
a human heart
boiling blood
an IBM brain
I need :
someone
somewhere to hide
control
I want :
to thank you [ Mr. Roboto ]
From : dryponder
2005-03 -26 03:55 pm ( UTC )
Re : Domo arigato Good one , dude .
From : rockingharder
2005-03 -26 03:25 pm ( UTC )
Do you believe :
* In magic in a young girl 's heart
** How the music can free her whenever it starts
* Like I believe
* In magic
* Believer
It 's magic :
* If the music is groovy
* It makes you feel happy like an old - time movie
Magic will :
* Free your soul
** But it 's like trying to tell a stranger ' bout rock and roll
* Cue an indefatigable smile , then progress to inexplicable foot - tapping
If you believe in magic :
* Do n't bother to choose if it 's jug band music or rhythm and blues
* Just go and listen
* Come along with me
We 'll dance :
* Until morning ' til there 's just you and me
* Tomorrow , sort of late at night
You 'll see :
* How the magic 's in the music and the music 's in me
Believe :
* In the magic of a young girl 's soul
* In the magic of rock and roll
* In the magic that can set you free
Talking ' bout :
* Magic
From : testiculata
2005-03 -26 04:37 pm ( UTC )
That song lends itself particularly well to the list form , I see - you can just read it out and the song forms in your head .
Magic .
Ooh - see , I do believe !
From : peddles
2005-03-26 03:26 pm ( UTC )
How do you get it to do those solid and outline circles , with the proper indentation ?
From : newagesoldier
2005-03 -26 03:27 pm ( UTC )
I've
Paid my dues
Done my sentence
Had my share of sand kicked in my face
Bad mistakes
I 've made a few
It 's been no
Bed of roses
Pleasure cruise
We
Are the champions
'll keep on fighting til the end
From : glidingflight
2005-03 -27 08:04 pm ( UTC )
addenda I've :
_committed no crime
No time for :
_losing
From : the_thriller
2005-03 -26 03:29 pm ( UTC )
* Things I ’m Going To Do :
- Fight “ ’em ” off .
- Serve “ it ” to you ( if I catch it coming back my way ) .
- Go to Wichita ( far from this opera , for evermore )
- Work the straw ( to the point of making sweat drip out of every pore )
- Sing no more when the words bleed from me
* Things I ’m currently doing :
- Talking to myself at night ( do to the fact that I ca n’t forget )
- Bleeding and bleeding and bleeding before the lord
* What I am told from various inanimate objects :
- Leave it alone ( message from eyes )
- Find a home ( feeling from bones )
- Go back home ( told by the stains coming from my blood )
* People who know about it :
- Everyone
- Queen of England
- Hounds of hell
* Things that ca n’t hold me back :
- Seven Nation Army
From : tilga
2005-03-29 05:26 pm ( UTC )
yay for the White Stripes .
good one , btw .
;)
From : subbes
2005-03 -26 03:34 pm ( UTC )
Annie Waits [ Ben Folds ]
Annie
waits
for a call
from a friend
for the last time
but not for me
growing old
sees her dreams
friday bingo
pigeons in the park
says
You see , this is why I 'd rather be alone
Clock
never stops
never waits
He
Forgot
Maybe not
maybe seriously hurt -> worse ?
Headlights
crest the hill
pass her by -> out of sight
One for evermore ?
I could be ( if ) old still lonely
From : jwithington
2005-03-26 06:46 pm ( UTC )
Re : Annie Waits [ Ben Folds ] i adore this song .
From : rockingharder
2005-03 -26 03:39 pm ( UTC )
This speech :
* Is my recital
I think :
* It ’s very vital
** To rock a rhyme
** That ’s right on time
Things that are tricky :
* To rock a rhyme
** That ’s right on time
Girls :
* Little one
** Hair is kinda curly
* Really sleazy
* Just say “ Please me ” or , “ Spend some time and rock a rhyme ”
** My response
***“ It ’s not that easy ”
* Be cryin ’
**’ Cause I ’m on TV
* Bother my poor father
**’ Cause he ’s down with me
In New York :
* We ca n’t hide
** Tinted windows do n’t mean nothin ’
*** They know who ’s inside
Things people do :
* Talk
* Try to make us rhyme
* Really hawk
** We just walk
*** We have no time
* Take up mostly all of my time
* Naggin ’
** They think I ’m a star
* Tearin ’ what I ’m wearin ’
* Goin ’ too far
* Assume we are thugs
** We are not
* Offer coke and lots of dope
** We just leave it alone
Carol :
* Follows Daryll
** Every gig we play
** Was dismissed and dissed by D
* Is currently jockin ’ Jay
It ’s like :
* That y’all , but we do n’t quit
From : zole
2005-03-26 04:54 pm ( UTC )
Things I am :
The king of rock
One def rapper
From around the way
Sucker MCs :
Should call me sire
Gotta say " please "
Do n't make no songs like these
Things we are not :
Michael Jackson
The Beatles
From : czircon
2005-03 -26 03:50 pm ( UTC )
we will rock you Things which , buddy , you are : a boy make a big noise
a young man
hard man
an old man
poor man pleading with your eyes
Activities you are performing : in the street : playing
shouting
all over the place : kicking your can
waving your banner
Things which you , being a big disgrace , have got on your face : mud
blood
Things which you will some day do : be a big man
take on the world
make you some peace
Places back into which somebody better put you : yours
Things which we will rock : you
Although it says that believers receive eternal life , nowhere in Scripture does it say you go directly to heaven at death .
What it does say , however , is that all are waiting in their graves to be called forth in the resurrection .
" Marvel not at this , for the hour is coming in the which all that are IN THE GRAVES shall hear
His voice and come forth : they that have done good unto the resurrection of life and they that have done evil unto the resurrection of damnation . "
" Thou shalt be recompensed AT THE RESURRECTION OF THE JUST . "
" For the Son of man shall come in the glory of His Father with His angels , and THEN he shall reward every man according to his deeds . "
" Behold , I come quickly , and My reward is with Me , to give every man according as his works shall be . "
" To the end He may establish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God our Father AT THE COMING OF OUR LORD JESUS CHRIST . "
" And you who are troubled , rest with us , WHEN THE LORD SHALL BE REVEALED FROM HEAVEN WITH HIS ANGELS . "
" And when the Chief Shepherd SHALL APPEAR , ye shall receive a crown of glory which fadeth not away . "
" Judge nothing before the time , UNTIL THE LORD COME , Who will bring to light the hidden things of darkness and will make manifest the counsels of the heart , AND THEN shall every man have praise of God . "
" The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptation , AND TO RESERVE THE UNJUST UNTO THE DAY OF JUDGMENT TO BE PUNISHED . "
I noticed that , though several people here have posted verses about eternal life , or attempted to explain away other verses by presuming " it MUST mean we go to heaven " , none have quoted a verse that says we go to heaven at death .
If anyone is going to give me a thumbs down for saying that , please be so kind as to prove me wrong , too .
You are welcome to read my book BODY , SOUL & SPIRIT : A MATTER OF LIFE AND DEATH , which is my indepth biblical study on " life after death " .
It 's available in paperback , and is currently free to read in its entirety from the publisher at this website :
http://hmghosthost.tripod.com
- Rev. Jim Cunningham
God bless you !!
King James Bible Ministries
No Fear ?
Dimensions : 5 x 2.75 inches ( 24 - pages ) .
Dimensions : 5 x 2.75 inches ( 24 - pages ) .
Description : Suicide ... The subject is common among teens today .
But when Lance decides it is the only way out of his troubles , he discovers that hell is not the party place described in popular songs .
With the mortgage crisis refusing to go away , you might be one of the 1 million jobless Americans lucky enough to find yourself unfettered by modern living standards and entering into the glorious freedom of life on the street .
Here are 5 essentials to make it in the big city without paying rent :
1. Cart
Light , maneuverable , convenient - it 's amazing how much stuff you can pile into these things .
But if a plain old ShopRite cart is n't hip enough for you , you can try to get an intelligent alternative like this Shelter in a Cart
the iPod-reminiscent SleepCart
or any of the wicked stainless steel contraptions uber - designed by Winfried Baumann
2. Warm Clothes
You can wait for Virgin 's Strippers to help you , but without a roof over your head , you 'll soon find it 's hard to be under - exposed as far as the elements are concerned .
Time to revert to the layered look that was so popular in the late 90s :
3. Self Defense
Sadly enough , " A bit o' the ol ' Ultra - Violence " is still a popular pastime for bored young hooligans .
Protect yourself with anything from a switchblade to a broken beer bottle or even the ever - effective " Poo on a Stick "
4. Medical Care
Sure , you can rely on the antiseptic virtues of Medical Maggots , but finding the closest free clinic is probably a safer bet .
The quality of treatment obviously differs from place to place , but if you 're a starving actor bumming out in California , for example , even your pet can get free care !
5. Wireless Internet
Some of you might be raising an eyebrow at the inclusion of this " necessity " - especially when " food " did n't make the cut - but when fending off the insanity so common to street - dwellers , you 'll find that feeding your mind is just as important .
As strange as it sounds , there are many initiatives dealing with providing free internet to the homeless , so you do n't necessarily have to lounge around Starbucks all the time ( for a change ) .
And finally , remember : you do n't have to have a home to have your dignity !
Do n't Wait .
Wipe out your debt now !
The evolutionary chart is just one of those images that ’s ripe for editing and commentary .
It ’s become the subject of stand - up comedians , cartoonists , and internet artists .
The reason is fairly obvious , you can make an impactful commentary on society with a simple image .
Many of the jokes are very similar , showing how we ’ve evolved into people that hunch over a computer all day , or that we ’re all out of shape .
Some of the images do provide a more unique perspective , and of course there are some that are just down right offensive .
That can be said about most forms of humor though , so take these with a grain of salt and enjoy the Humor of Evolution :
Over the past couple days , I have been working on a compiler for something between System U and ΠΣ , as experimentation for Dana ’s core language .
Here is the repo .
I have just finished ( I think — seems to work pretty well ) the typechecker and it correctly typechecks all the programs I can think of .
It is 339 lines : not beautiful and simple , but pretty nice nonetheless ( and I have n’t given any thought to refactoring it yet ) .
The results are both positive and negative .
For one , I am very happy with it , since unlike the PiSigma prototype I have only observed it die when there is actually a type error .
In particular , unlike PiSigma , it correctly types this fixpoint cominator :
fix : ( A: Type ) -> ( A -> A ) ->
A = \A : Type. \f :A->A. let x:A = f x in x
I ’m very pleased with the “ box ” dynamic introduced by the PiSigma paper ; it seems to model the difference between data and codata in a nice uniform way .
Boxes are in some way just explicit laziness .
Using the above fix , we can model equi-recursive types , by introducing a Box function , which “ hides ” its argument under a box .
Box : Type ->
Type = \ A : Type. ( tag:1 ) -> ! case tag of { [ A ] }
( Numbers are finite types ; eg. 3 has elements ( 0:3 ) , ( 1:3 ) , and ( 2:3 ) , and case elimination is done by listing 3 cases in order ) .
Then , for example , a Stream type looks like :
Stream : Type ->
Type = \A : Type. fix Type ( \S : Type . Pair A ( Box S ) )
We had to hide the Stream in a box , otherwise we would end up with an infinite type at typechecking time .
A high priority on my list is to characterize the semantics of boxes ( hopefully they are sensible ) , to explain more deeply why you must box this infinite type .
Also , a few days ago I had “ unsafe compilation ” working , which compiled ASTs into a very fast “ native Haskell ” representation , as described in The Monad .
Reader issue 10 .
It takes advantage of the typechecker , compiling into untyped combinators with unsafeCoerce everywhere , for proper type erasure .
I have since added features to the AST , so it ’s broken , but it should n’t be hard to revive .
So , that ’s the good .
I ’m convinced this “ ΠΣ sans Σ ” calculus is powerful and expressive , and will work just fine for Dana .
I would like it to be simpler — the AST has 12 cases ! — but as far as I can tell the only thing that can reasonably be removed is letrec ( replaced with a fixpoint primitive ) .
The bad is that my typechecker is fully and earnestly a typechecker — it does n’t even feign interest in inference — and it is quite annoying writing all those type annotations freaking everywhere !
In particular , case expressions need to be annotated with their eliminator scheme ; so the case tag of { [ A ] } above was a fib ; I actually need to write :
case tag => \tag: 1 . $ Type of { [ A ] }
So my compiler as - is , unfortunately , ca n’t reasonably function as a proper bootstrapping language , because I would never write anything in it .
I ’m not quite sure what I will do about bootstrapping now .
Perhaps I can translate Yhc .
Core to , um , let ’s call it “ System U - Box ” , and then bootstrap in Haskell .
That would be cool .
But I foresee problems when I need to start writing user interface systems , when we need to do deep embeddings of U - Box into itself … which I will write about shortly .
US President Barack Obama will vow to end the " drift " in the war in Afghanistan with a new plan to assert greater American control over the conflict , simultaneously ramping up attacks against the insurgents and deploying a " civilian surge " to bolster state institutions with the aim of leaving the country within three to five years .
First details of the long - awaited review , which will explicitly acknowledge there can no longer be any separating US actions in Afghanistan from relations with Pakistan , were revealed by Mr Obama to congressional leaders at the White House last night .
He is expected to publicly unveil the multi- pronged plan as early as today .
It will be the moment that Mr Obama redefines the drawn - out Afghan war on his own terms .
The announcement , which will not just determine strategy in Afghanistan but will also set the tone for US foreign policy more widely , will be made after weeks of divisive debate inside the fledgling Obama administration .
It comes just ahead of an international conference on Afghanistan to be hosted by the Dutch government on Tuesday , and a Nato summit in Strasbourg at the end of next week .
Mr Obama has to explain why beefing up US commitments remains crucial to root out the al - Qa'ida threat while simultaneously trying to lower expectations about what constitutes " victory " .
Notably absent will be expressions of the utopian goals favoured by his predecessor , George Bush , about forging a Western - style democracy .
The decision to take a firmer grip of the tiller in Afghanistan will meet mixed reactions from other troop contributors , including Britain .
It reflects American frustration both with the reluctance expressed by Nato allies to maintain troop numbers as well the shortcomings in coordination between the Nato contingents on the ground .
The war is now in its seventh year and recent polls have shown fast - shrinking American support for it .
For all its promise of a new focus on a conflict that many believe was largely neglected by Mr Bush , the new strategy is likely to attract scepticism from foreign policy experts , some of whom will see it as half - cooked .
And while a week ago President Obama said in a television interview that he will have an exit strategy for the war , it is not clear that setting a three - to five - year deadline will convince anyone .
" The big questions have not been grasped , " said David Korski , the author of a report on Afghanistan for the European Council on Foreign Relations .
" Now there is an opportunity to do something serious , with the meeting in The Hague next week and the Nato summit providing an opportunity to step up to the plate very creatively . "
In settling divisions between his advisers , Mr Obama has necessarily been forced to compromise , notably between voices who argued for a strategy of purely targeting and destroying Taliban and al - Qa'ida camps and those who wanted to take on the much broader task also of building institutions and protecting Afghan civilians .
According to sources close to the debate , the resulting document offers a four - headed strategy , including the adoption of the so - called " AfPak " approach in which Afghanistan and Pakistan will be handled jointly under the leadership of the special US envoy Richard Holbrooke .
There is also a new emphasis on involving all neighbouring powers , including Iran , in the search for peace and regional stability .
The US State Department will be given responsibility for the " civilian surge " , recruiting as many as 1,000 new non-military personnel to improve the functioning of state institutions , the police and preparing for the presidential elections due in August .
The number of US officials is set to grow by at least 50 per cent .
Mr Holbrooke has already spoken publicly of the need to reinforce the Afghan police .
Certain to trigger controversy is the fourth leg of the plan that envisions placing a much higher priority on bolstering provincial governments and institutions , a change of tack for which the United Nations has long been pressing .
It will be interpreted in some quarters as a tactic to drain the importance not just of Kabul and the central government but also of President Hamid Karzai , who has increasingly been seen as a weak figurehead .
On the military front , Mr Obama has already ordered the deployment of an additional 17,000 US troops .
They will join 38,000 US soldiers and 30,000 from assorted Nato allies who are already there .
It is likely the new forces will largely be deployed in the troubled south of the country and border areas .
The review is not expected to signal ground deployments in Pakistan because of resistance from Islamabad .
Another issue of furious debate inside Washington has been the idea of opening channels with so - called " moderate " Taliban leaders in Afghanistan to recruit them to the rebuilding effort .
This approach , which may include financial inducements , drew early support from Mr Obama but was resisted by the Pentagon .
Some officials believe Washington wants to reach out to mid-level Taliban commanders .
Others believe the " reconciliation " effort will be more ambitious in scope – targeting senior Taliban officials directing the insurgency from outside Afghanistan .
Certainly , there is no consensus that simply increasing the American presence in Afghanistan will do any good .
" We still have this idea that with more resources , more men , more money , we can do the job .
And we cannot , actually .
We need a new strategy .
And there is nothing clearly indicating that we are at that point right now , " Gilles Dorronsoro , an analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , argued this week .
Washington , meanwhile , intends to press home the case for a more coherent Nato presence .
Source : Independent
Belfast Telegraph
The Internet is full of great resources for learning , many of them serious , but some of them are just downright funny .
Whether you want to find out how to booby trap a chair or create a banana phone wireless headset , there ’s something out there for you .
Here we ’ll take a look at 100 of the most hilarious DIY guides available online .
Costumes and Clothing
Make some fun accessories or a costume that will have your friends cracking up with the help of these guides .
Pranks
Pull off these pranks on April Fool ’s or any day of the year for hilarity .
Odd
Although funny , some of these DIY guides are just plain weird .
Killer Flashlight Will Burn Your House Down : Create an extreme flashlight that can catch fire using this guide .
DIY Gas Mask : Learn how to make a gas mask with the help of this DIY guide .
i Pod Cigarette Holder : Check out this guide to see how you can turn your broken iPod into a cigarette holder .
DIY Microwave Heat Ray Weapon :
Want to ruin your chances of conception and / or encourage cancer ?
Be sure to check out this microwave heat ray weapon guide .
DIY Flame Thrower : Learn how to create a flame thrower with the help of this video .
Entertainment
Following these funny guides will provide you with hours of entertainment .
Extreme Personal Video Recorder :
In this guide , you ’ll see how you can create an extreme form of TiVo .
How to Dance Like a Hobo :
This video will show you how to dance like a homeless man .
How to Make Videos :
In this video , you ’ll learn how to make your videos more watchable , and also hilarious .
The Lucid Dream Machine : Check out this guide to see how you can create a machine that gives you lucid dreams .
Hacking the Esquire E - Ink Cover : A How - To :
This guide will show you how to bend an electronic magazine cover to your will .
Rumble Mouse :
Turn your simple mouse into one that offers rumble vibration feedback using this guide .
Toys
Check out these guides to make some of the most fun toys and gadgets possible .
Business
Use these guides to have a little more fun at the office .
Home
Check out these guides to have some fun in your home .
Food
These guides approach food with a tongue in cheek attitude .
Personal Development
Do n’t take yourself so seriously - follow these guides for fun in personal development .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Toronto
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Now I realize this is going to be very competitive , I mean who would n’t want to carry my casket ?
So below is more details on how to apply .
Now in order to my friend you 'll have to meet the following conditions and requirements :- Must make an appearance at my funeral to carry my casket - Must be able to lift 1/6th of the weight of my body inside a casket - Being my friend is only secondary to your role as my pallbearer , in the case that I start to actually like you as a friend , that role may be switched to a secondary priority .
- This will be STRICTLY friendship .
You must not fall in love with me .
I do n't need a coffin straddler at my funeral because it will make the casket that much heavier to carry .
Besides it 's not proper custom the spouse to be a pallbearer anyway - In the case that you die before I do I will be your pallbearer - In the case I changed my mind and decide to be cremated then you are hereby relieved of your duty as pallbearer
The interview process may subject you to tests such as heavy lifting , ability to cry , and proper funeral dress .
Training will be provided for all successful applicants in proper lifting technique , crying when you really do n't care , and how to dress for a funeral .
I thank all applicants for applying but only those that I am interested in will be contacted for an interview .
In case you 're wondering , I 'm not dieing .
Therefore until the day I do maybe we can be friends ?
So please would somebody commit to this task ?
I could die any day now …please hurry .
Raise your hand if you a ) lack a green thumb , b ) care about the environment , c ) care about your environment or , d ) all of the above .
Congratulations !
You ’re the perfect candidate for xeriscaping .
As a desert dweller , I know firsthand that this eco-friendly method of gardening conserves water , requires minimal upkeep , significantly reduces your water bills and yields stunning greenery and flowers .
But , you do n’t have to live in an arid region to get into this low maintenance style of gardening .
To get you started , here ’s a list of the best plants for xeriscaping .
Succulents
Equipped to survive even the driest climates , succulents can retain water and survive dry spells ( and forgetful gardeners ) .
Plus , there are hundreds of varieties to choose from .
Lavender
This fragrant flowering plant is popular among amateur gardeners and can grow in a variety of soils .
Tillandsia
More commonly known as air plants , tillandsias do n’t even need soil to grow .
Instead of receiving sustenance through the roots , their leaves absorb essential nutrients and water .
Fairy Duster
Due to a slow growth rate , these drought - resistant shrubs rarely need to be pruned .
Purple Sage
This low - maintenance perennial releases a sweet aroma when its beautiful buds bloom .
Oleander
Able to flourish in poor soil with little water , these plants produce flowers in an assortment of brilliant colors like red , white , yellow and pink .
Red Bird of Paradise
This flowering shrub thrives in warm shades of red , yellow and orange when exposed to ample sunlight .
Lantana
Since this vining shrub grows rapidly , it ’s best used as a ground cover or hanging plant .
California Poppy
The state ’s official flower , the California poppy is self - seeding and nyctinastic .
Bougainvillea
Bougainvilleas flower from season to season in vibrant hues like orange , yellow , pink , red , purple and white .
Images : Anika Malone , ILoveButter , eutima , cliff1066 , ClatieK , Bill & Mavis , James Gagen , bbjee , jalalspages , The County Clerk
How to become a l33t person , a status that will bring you friends , glory , money and most importantly the funding to buy lots and lots of boxen and give you access to what you want whenever you want
v 1.0.7 , by gentoo users on efnet and other leet people , compiled by LinuxReviews in 2005
What is l33t ? [ edit ]
l33t means elite , the " best of the best " .
For some people , the n00bs , l33t and n00b means nothing .
If you do not understand n00 b and l33t , you are a n00b .
n00bs are not allowed to read this page , go away !
Being l33t [ edit ]
l33t is all about pretending to be superior even though the obvious truth is that you are a geek who will probably never get a date .
l33t people are not easy to spot , because they are never outside .
Night after night they sit in front of their b0xen doing hacking and phreaking and most importantly coding , and this is the reason they sleep all day .
How to be l33t [ edit ]
riaa.org/news.cfm when they lets their administration interface to the world at a high - numbered port and no login password on July 8th , 2004 .
Yes , they were that dumb .
Learn what eggdrop is and how to use it .
You need lots of eggdrops .
The more shells you have , legal or not , the more l33t you become .
All those shells should be used for running lots and lots of eggdrops .
Also , shells can be used to hide your IP and identity when hacking the pentagon and hacking or d dosing RIAAs web server , both popular l33t activities .
Why do you need eggdrops ?
Do n't ask .
You should be connected to four irc servers at all times .
On irc , you should Say " heh " a lot on IRC Leet peope do n't say lawl , roffle , roffluhmao or guh guh Additionally they do n't say stoofoo thux or kuhpluhz
x86 - 64 is not enough .
You need to use more than an x86 - 64 processor .
You need PowerPC . dse
l33t food [ edit ]
What you eat when no one is looking is totally unimportant .
What is very important , is that your workspace , wherever it may be , is filled with empty pizza boxes and empty bottles that previously contained something with lots and lots of caffeine .
< BigJoe > that is not my work station btw
l33t terms [ edit ]
To really become l33t , you need to learn and understand the l33t language .
box : Every computer is a box .
Your computer is not a " Pentium " or a " Dell " or anything like that .
It 's simply a box .
Like the eggdrops , you need ** lots and lots of b0xen . **
Why , when you are the only one who will be using them and you only got two arms and eyes ?
It 's obvious .
The more boxen , the more l33t .
.
Like the eggdrops , you need ** lots and lots of b0xen . **
Why , when you are the only one who will be using them and you only got two arms and eyes ?
It 's obvious .
The more boxen , the more l33t .
OS : Your favorite OS is Free BSD , even if you are using some Linux flavor .
Saying things like " I prefer Gentoo Linux on my desktop but use Free BSD on my server " is good .
Saying " I only use Windows to play games but I 'm really a Linux fan " is very stupid and bad and will make everyone call you a n00b forever .
pr0n : what you watch on your 21 inch display while you jerk your 2.1 inch pecker , for the most l33t this is the most exercise you will get all day
0wned : what happens to n00bs , RSA , DOD and the RIAA 's " b0xen " , for the l33t the physical equivalent of this is being assaulted with pine combs what you do to windows and lindows b0xen what is bound to happen sooner rather than later if you are using Interne t Explorer
b0xen : plural of box .. see above
fork bomb : code or commands you should be aware of but never ever execute because they will totally lock your system .
Tempt n00bs ( but never recommend ) to run things like :() { :| : & } ; : .
. wh0re : foo > anyone have ebooks on php with mysql ?
bar > Sams .
Teach .
Yourself .
PHP.MySQL.And.Apache.In.24Hours.eBook-LiB , Premier .
Press .PHP .
Fast .And.Easy.Web.Development.2nd.Edition.eBook-LiB , MASTERING.PHP.5 - JGTiSO foo > bar : could i whore it ? bar > sure walmart > whore it walmart > hahahhah
r00ted ( badly mis-spelled rewted ) , refer to 0wned .
Your Internet Connection [ edit ]
All the boxen you administrate use IPv6 only , but are still able to access the old Internet through a IPv6 to IPv4 proxy running on your firewall (s ) .
This is done by using Trick Or Treat Daemon ( DNS proxy for 6to4 ) and Portable Transport Relay Translator Daemon ( enables connections between your internal IP v6 hosts and the outside IP v4 world ) .
l33t programs [ edit ]
On your quest for l33t - dom , you must learn everything about the following programs :
BNC ( BouNCe ) is used as a gateway between you and your IRC Server .
psyBNC is a popular mega l33t BNC .
You need this for two apparent reasons :
You can present yourself as linda19@sex.is.only.onestepcloser.org on #teenchat and talk about your dark secrets using thisis@fake.info.tm . evil bastards can not trace your WAN IP .
** They can , however , pressure your shell provider to rat on you .**
Eggdrop An IRC bot extensible with C or Tcl .
Screen ( manual ) is a full - screen window manager that multiplexes a physical terminal between several processes .
This means you can ssh login to a remote computer , start screen , start a process ( like the irc client irssi ) , detach screen and logout .
The process continues to run and you can log back in later from any location and reattach the screen .
tcpdump ( manual ) A Tool for network monitoring and data acquisition
nmap ( manual )
A tool for scanning RIAAs webservers for open ports .
Can also be used to check your own security .
iptables ( manual ) & ip6tables to protect yourself against evil people
You should be running the latest , no , upcoming versions of all software , all with a ton of special fancy patches you claim will give you a very important advantage when it comes to increaseing your shareholder value .
Your kernel is 6.6.6 - test888 - prerelease or similar .
You 're probably getting it from git .
Required Gentoo Programs [ edit ]
Gentoo users should have atleast these programs installed :
emerge gentoolkit genlop ufed mirrorselect screen tcpdump nmap
News sources [ edit ]
You must read :
.. and atleast 5 blogs .
The Desktop [ edit ]
You do n't need a desktop .
Your environment should be a plain old shell on vt1 .
You consider " GUI " over - rated .
Since you are so good at configuring your kernel you have frame buffer support for your new graphics card using a patch googled up from some dark cellar .
You play your movies with mplayer and music with mpg321 .
Your IRL desktop should have LOTS of CRT monitors even though they are all running CLI .
Flatscreens are a big no -no .
The Server [ edit ]
Your servers definitely should not have any desktop or X or at all remotely GUI or user - friendly software installed at all .
In fact , all servers should be headless ( =no monitor ) .
Your server should only be connected to power and as many Ethernet cables as possible , simply drop silly gadgets like keyboard and mouse .
The servers are running FreeBSD .
Even if you are using Debian or Gentoo or some other Linux distribution you should tell people you are using FreeBSD .
Remote users can't tell the difference anyway .
Am I the most l33t person out there ?
[ edit ]
No , you are NOT .
bysin is.nux too .
And lude .
Again : Not you .
You are nothing but a phony n00b .
lude : not if you intend to rotate them on a regular basis as well ... for 25 servers and 80 workstations ;)
< @lude >
You are talking to the wrong hombre
lude admins 40 switches and 950 servers
Do you manage 40 switches and 950 ?
Other acknowledged leet people include invisible evil , mina , BigJoe , thrasher7 , kitchen , ShALLaX , ivern and andi .
Again : Not YOU ( unless you read your nick during the last 10 seconds ) .
To finish up your leet lesson , please read [ The Counter - Strike Bible http://www.mawst.net/cs/cs.php]
When can I brag to my friends that I 'm le3t ? [ edit ]
Never .
The truly l33t would never say it or even consider themselves as l33t .
You are 1337 when people , without being asked or bothered about it , tells you that you are .
Good luck !**
( The winner of the " messy desk contest " at bash.org )
The HOUSE just passed a new bill that will tax 90 % of the AIG bonuses and others who receive bail out money .
The House passed a bill on Thursday that would impose punishing taxes on big employee bonuses from firms bailed out by taxpayers .
Democrats pressed for the quick action .
" The American people demand protection and that 's what we 're doing today , " said Rep. Charles Rangel , D - N.Y. , chairman of the tax - writing House Ways and Means Committee . --
A tax expert said there is plenty of precedent for levying punitive taxes on behavior that lawmakers find objectionable .
Robert Willens , a corporate tax lawyer in New York , cited the steep excise taxes levied on money paid to firms to keep them from launching hostile takeover bids , known as " greenmail . "
" You can write very narrowly tailored laws , " Willens said .
" And they can do it for bonuses already paid . "
Republicans as usual cried about the measure as was evident by Crying John Boehner who called it a political circus .
I 'm sure Limbaugh and Beck will tell their audiences that President Obama will be taxing right wing talk show hosts next .
And Chris Dodd was wrong in the way he handled the bonus issue .
Everyone is blaming the economic team , but he should never have misled CNN and the public by declaring he had nothing to do with it .
No matter what happened .
He waffled his way through the questions Blitzer and Bash asked him about his flip flop .
I 'm sorry , that was n't good .
All he had to do was say he was looking into it when asked about it a few days ago .
I like Chris Dodd a lot and I 'm not blaming him personally for the problem , but he did not distinguish himself the last couple of days .
UPDATE : The golden boy , Eric Cantor voted for the bill while Crying Boehner did n't and it received a lot of Republican support .
Almost 50 % of House Republicans voted for the bill .
The bill passed on a 328 - 93 vote .
In the end , 243 Democrats and 85 Republicans supported the bill , while six Democrats and 87 Republicans opposed it .
Here 's the Roll Call vote results and you can see how many Republicans voted with the AIG's of the world .
And how can we forget that virtually every single Republican -- including , of course , those currently screaming the loudest , have been harsh critics of every effort to limit executive compensation for companies taking TARP money .
Daily Headlines CALIFORNIA MARIJUANA DISPENSARIES
CHEER U.S. SHIFT ON RAIDS by Stu Woo , ( Source : Wall Street Journal )
More News Select a State See Map Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia FEDERAL Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Check State Laws
Share This Article
California
-------
SAN FRANCISCO -- U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder 's announcement that the federal government will no longer raid medical - marijuana dispensaries was cheered by California dealers as well as state legislators who seek to legalize and tax sales of the drug .
Under the Bush administration , the Drug Enforcement Agency raided dispensaries across the country .
Such seizures were especially common in California , which in 1996 became the first state to legalize marijuana sales to people with doctor 's prescriptions -- in opposition to federal laws banning any use of the drug .
The attorney general signaled recently that states will be able to set their own medical - marijuana laws , which President Barack Obama said during his campaign that he supported .
What Mr. Obama said then " is now American policy , " Mr. Holder said .
" We may be seeing the end of an era , " said Rob MacCoun , a law professor who studies drug policy at the University of California , Berkeley .
" It 's not likely to be a priority for the Obama administration . "
That news relieved Kevin Reed , who owns the Green Cross , a medical - marijuana - delivery service in San Francisco .
He said he was n't too concerned about raids because they usually target large dispensaries that " get out of control " with high traffic and cash flow .
But federal seizures were constantly " in the back of your head , " Mr. Reed said .
Mr. MacCoun said the Obama administration 's stance may help to legitimize a " quasi- legal " marijuana culture in California .
The state has as many as 200,000 medical - marijuana users , the most out of the 13 states that allow such use of the drug .
The state law does n't specify for what ailments the drug can be prescribed .
Californians who seek out certain doctors can easily obtain a prescription for marijuana use ; some high - school students do this as soon as they turn 18 .
Mr. Holder 's announcement also was praised by backers of a proposal to legalize sales of marijuana for recreational use in California .
Democrat Tom Ammiano , an assemblyman from San Francisco , introduced the bill , which proposes regulating the drug like alcohol , allowing its sales to people ages 21 and older .
" This is a significant step , " Mr. Ammiano said .
" There 's a lot of support for the bill , and the context of the conversation is going to change . "
Mr. Ammiano's office has estimated that marijuana is a $ 14 billion crop in California .
Taxing the drug $ 50 an ounce , it said , would generate more than $ 1 billion annually for a cash - strapped state that closed a $ 42 billion budget deficit just last month .
The proposal faces opposition from police groups and other state legislators .
" Legalizing marijuana would be a horrible thing to do to our communities , " said Jeff Miller , a Republican assemblyman from Corona .
" It would be the springboard for other problems , and that 's just not the right thing to do for our children . "
The federal government may also challenge the bill if it passes .
" No one should assume that just because the Obama administration is tolerant of medical marijuana , that they 'll be as tolerant of recreational marijuana , " said Mr. MacCoun , the Berkeley professor .
Thad Kousser , a political - science professor at the University of California , San Diego , said he thinks the proposal wo n't get that far , calling it a " press release " meant to spark debate .
The professor 's prediction : " The bill 's going to go up in smoke . "
MAP posted - by : Richard Lake
Share This Article
Pubdate : Mon , 9 Mar 2009
Source : Wall Street Journal ( US )
Copyright : 2009 Dow Jones & Company , Inc .
Contact : wsj.ltrs@wsj.com
Website : http://www.wsj.com/
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/487
Authors : Stu Woo and Justin Scheck
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/topic/dispensaries
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/find?115 ( Marijuana - California )
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/people/Attorney+General+Eric+Holder
There ’s one month to go until the premiere of the new documentary film Beer Wars , opening in 440 movie theaters April 16 .
If you ’re a craft beer lover , you should see the film , which is described as follows .
In America , size matters .
The bigger you are , the more power you have , especially in the business world .
Director Anat Baron takes you on a no holds barred exploration of the U.S. beer industry that ultimately reveals the truth behind the label of your favorite beer .
Told from an insider ’s perspective , the film goes behind the scenes of the daily battles and all out wars that dominate one of America ’s favorite industries .
Beer Wars begins as the corporate behemoths are being challenged by small , independent brewers who are shunning the status quo and creating innovative new beers .
The story is told through 2 of these entrepreneurs — Sam and Rhonda — battling the might and tactics of Corporate America .
We witness their struggle to achieve their American Dream in an industry dominated by powerful corporations unwilling to cede an inch .
This contemporary David and Goliath story is ultimately about keeping your integrity ( and your family ’s home ) in the face of temptation .
Beer Wars is a revealing and entertaining journey that provides unexpected and surprising turns and promises to change the world ’s opinion on those infamous 99 bottles of beer on the wall .
If you ’re like me , you probably want to see the movie and think you ’ll get around to it as soon as it ’s convenient .
And ordinarily , I ’d agree .
It ’s not really important when you see it .
Except , this time it is important .
If humanly possible , try to see Beer Wars on its opening day , April 16 , and for the live show taking place at 8:00 p.m. ET , 7:00 p.m. CT , 6:00 p.m. MT and 8:00 p.m. PT .
Fathom and Ducks In A Row Entertainment present Beer Wars LIVE with Ben Stein , a one night event taking you inside the boardrooms and back rooms of the American beer industry .
The event will feature the exclusive never - before - seen documentary Beer Wars , followed by a riveting live discussion led by Ben Stein with America ’s leading independent brewers and experts .
Playing in movie theaters nationwide on Thursday , April 16th at 8 pm ET / 7 pm CT / 6 pm MT / 8 pm PT ( tape delay ) , beer industry insiders will take you behind - the - scenes of their quest for the American Dream .
Do n’t miss out on this entertaining journey that will reveal the truth behind the label of your favorite beer !
If you ’ve paid any attention before a film began , even before the trailers , perhaps you ’ve noticed a new phenomenon that ’s been happening at movie theaters for about two years .
They ’ve been showing live , one - night - only shows , things like opera performances from the Met , for example .
Using a satellite feed , you could watch a live event while it ’s happening on a giant movie screen .
And that ’s what Beer Wars Live will be .
After the regular film , several of the people who were in the film , such as Sam Calagione , Charlie Papazian , Maureen Ogle and several more will have a lively discussion about the state of beer , interspersed with some additional short mini-films , stuff that you ’ll only be able to see that night .
It will be hosted by Ben “ Bueller , Bueller ” Stein .
But more importantly , to have a huge turnout , say 100,000 people all turn up to see the “ beer ” movie April 16 , would send a very cool message .
So far , the most they ’ve gotten for anything is about 80,000 .
So to beat that record would make it newsworthy in and of itself , and would be great publicity for the craft beer industry .
In 440 theaters , getting 100 K would only involve 227 people per movie house , so it does n’t sound too terribly difficult .
I already know of quite a few people and breweries who are throwing after parties at nearby bars after the Beer Wars Live show concludes , so you can conceivably make a whole night of it .
If you do n’t know of one in your area , nobody ’s stopping you from starting one .
That ’s what Facebook and Twitter are for .
So grab as many friends as you can , especially the ones who do n’t currently drink craft beer , and drag them to one of the 440 theaters .
Here ’s a list of all the theaters , by state , where it will be showing .
Just follow the screening instructions , which are simple enough .
Find your closest theater , buy your tickets online , which you can do at at least five ways , depending on your theater .
As for the Bay Area , it ’s showing in at least 17 theaters , so let ’s fill ’em up .
227 times 17 is less than 4,000 people .
How hard can that be ?
The reason I ’m convinced this could be a momentous event and we should strive to make it one , is because there has never been a better time to get bigger , widespread support for all the small , local and regional craft breweries .
Yes , the big breweries create lots of jobs , too , but then so does Wal - Mart .
The problem with supporting a large corporation is the that the money they take in does not stay in the local area , but is taken out of the local economy and ends up somewhere else , possibly even outside the country .
With our economy on the skids , supporting small and local businesses has never been more important .
Beer Wars is nothing new .
The war itself has been quietly raging for years and years .
But only insiders have been aware of it and even fewer still have been willing to admit it and talk about it publicly .
This film should blow the lid off of that and make honest debate at least possible .
That would be a great first step in bringing more people over to the craft beer side .
Just like Star Wars , the craft beer movement is the rebellion and we ’re fighting the empire for galactic beer domination .
Once enough people realize we ’ve got Han Solo , Luke Skywalker , Princess Leia and the Ewoks on our side , how could anyone possibly continue to support the dark side ?
Still not convinced .
Watch the trailer .
Let the fermentation be with you .
What Is IRS Free File ?
The IRS Free File Program is a public - private partnership between the IRS and many tax preparation and filing software industry leaders who provide their brand - name products for free .
It provides two ways for taxpayers to prepare and file their federal income tax online for free :
Traditional IRS Free File provides free online tax preparation and filing options on IRS partner sites .
Our partners are online tax preparation companies that develop and deliver this service at no cost to qualifying taxpayers .
Please note , only taxpayers whose adjusted gross income ( or AGI ) is $ 69,000 or less qualify for any IRS Free File partner offers .
is $ 69,000 or less qualify for any IRS Free File partner offers .
Free File Fillable Forms are electronic federal tax forms you can fill out and file online for free .
If you choose this option , you should know how to prepare your own tax return .
Please note , it is the only IRS Free File option available for taxpayers whose income ( AGI ) is greater than $ 69,000 .
Find what you need to get started , your protections and security , available forms and more about IRS Free File below .
I found a disturbing story via Atheist Revolution .
It seems that Baptist Pastor Chris Fox felt the need to impersonate an atheist in the comment threads of a post on Unreasonable Faith .
He was attempting to build a dialog based on a lie .
I put off posting because I needed to let my outrage build and then subside .
You see , I do n't dialog online much with Christians about religion or atheism , so when they do something stupid on an atheist blog , I write it off as conduct expected .
I should know better .
I kept coming back to this story .
There was something about the insipid artlessness of the impersonation that struck me as fundamentally tainted .
It is difficult to believe that a person can be this ignorant .
What ’s wrong with killing babies ?
I see no problem with it .
I have enough mouths to feed .
I do n’t get the argument and I am an atheist .
Since I do n’t believe in God , I do n’t believe in anything characterized as good , bad / right , wrong .
So , what ’s the big deal ?
The closest analogy is sports .
I have no interest in mainstream sports .
I do n’t watch them , read about them , or go to many games .
I play disc golf .
When I tell a sports fan about disc golf , their response is typical , they think I ’m a dope smoking hippy .
In reality , I am a highly educated IT project manager with a knack for managing complexity that few people possess .
I am as far from a dope smoking hippy as I am from an amoral baby eater , and so are the rest of my brethren .
So how does it get this bad ?
How does a Christian pastor develop such a fundamental misunderstanding of what it means to be an atheist ?
How do atheists develop the same bias ?
I think its obvious that ignorance and hasty generalizations promote the misunderstanding .
When I write about bad pastors , I do n’t make the illogical leap of thinking that all pastors are bad .
In fact , most pastors I know are good people who I am proud to call friends .
The difference is in deeds .
What people do is always more important than what people say .
There are always outliers .
The David Trotter 's of the world are more than offset by the good of people like my friend Pastor Brad .
Vjack questioned his own motives in a post yesterday .
He reads a few Christian blogs and takes the time to post comments , but wonders about the hostility of his iconic avatar .
I know enough from my Christian friends to understand that simply asserting that there is no God is offensive to them .
So yes , the image might offend .
But the dialog is vital .
And who better to do it ?
It is the rational dialog of the likes of vjack and Daniel Florien which present the best hope of offsetting our shared misconceptions .
Pastor Chris Fox apologized .
His words were simple and honest .
It could not have been easy .
I want to express to you how deeply sorry I am for coming on this site and making the remarks I did and violating my own faith .
It was out of bounds .
I allowed the “ debater ” part of me go too far .
I messed up and I have come to ask for your forgiveness .
Thank you for allowing me back on .
Daniel Florin graciously accepted the apology .
Does Pastor
Fox qualify for a profile on Hypocrisy Watch ?
I do n’t think so .
It comes back to my core value of acting on what people do , not what the say .
When you own up to your mistakes you are not a hypocrite , you are simply human , just like the rest of us .
I do n’t know how to impersonate a Christian .
Nor do I think a Christian knows how to impersonate an atheist .
The best we can do is try to understand each other .
REFERRED : Driscol is now being checked out
She has been too embarrassed to go out because she ca n’t stop burping .
And despite visits to two doctors and three hospitals she still does not know what is causing the problem .
The grandmother of five , from Chelmsford , Essex , has spent hundreds of pounds trying to find a cure and is now going private because the NHS seems unable to help .
Mrs Driscoll , 72 , a former nurse and social worker , said : “ I do n’t go out any more because I ’m too embarrassed .
People laugh and stare at me .
It ’s awful . ”
She has now been referred to University College Hospital , London .
She said : “ I ’ve paid £ 200 for a private appointment .
I ca n’t wait any longer . ”
This brief intro and the following Shining analysis are both excerpts from a forthcoming book " Physical Cosmologies of the Blockbuster . "
The core proof here appears in an essay called " Corridor Syntax " in Rem Koolhaas / AMO 's catalog of their Venice Bienalle : Elements .
Published in small format booklets in 2014 ( Marsilio ) it will be integrated in a larger , single volume next year coming from Taschen .
A detailed intro is also available in the commentary track recorded for " Room 237 " 's Blu - Ray and DVD .
( U.S. / Canadian Region 1 discs only ) Questions : info@mstrmnd .
Your language is dying .
It 's not in the ground yet , but the warning signs of old age are here and here to stay .
If your language uses an alphabet , it 's ready for retirement .
The signs are everywhere .
Signs like declining literacy , ebbing grammar skills , shrinking comprehension levels and slowing book sales .
Literacy is growing across the planet , but it is flatlining in the developed world where the average reader absorbs simpler and simpler narrative , and has reached the brink in African and Arabic cultures , where a crisis of reduced teaching is affecting the poorest .
All during the rise of the personal computer .
Everyone of a certain class has an electronic keyboard , but the populations with them are losing interest in the finer points of text - use .
It 's even straining the storage capabilities of our species , with endless text data , and search variables that make it a mess to sift through .
But do n't worry , another one is coming .
A language that will be global in nature , one that reverses the occidental Tower of Babel prophecy - myth from many languages to one .
How do I know this ?
I watch movies , where anyone can spot an ascendant language at its beginnings , made from visuals in motion .
It 's coming right out of the celluloid ( and now pixel ) .
And I can already see that a visual language compresses much more data much more simply and reaches across far more borders than any alphabetical system ever could .
Think about all the innovations in information the computer age has brought to us , language is merely the next stage of technology 's reach .
Want to take a peek at the coming language revolution ?
All you have to do is peer closely inside game - changing blockbuster films , where gestures begun in silent film have developed into a universal system .
A system designed to reach as many eyes as possible , generating repeated viewings for as long as possible .
At its beginning , filmmakers like D.W. Griffith knew it , so did Soviet directors Eisenstein and Pudovkin .
All three wrote about the potential for film to revolutionize language by creating one all its own .
They knew , and now , so do you .
[ Eisenstein Cinematographic Principle and the Ideogram 1929 ] [...]
To raise the curtain further : Film and soon videogame are emergent , next - generation , structural , motion - based languages that access the human brain , if only rudimentarily at this stage .
It operates unlike any spoken or written alphabetical - text - language .
Consider the amount of tears shed collectively in the dark for Gone With The Wind , as an emotional experience it compresses days of reading into a few hours .
Storytelling primarily through images not words .
Obviously using eyes and ears differently than reading or hearing text , film forces the brain to develop distinctly different memories than text since its data is received in flowing , ideally uninterrupted motion .
Film also has an advantage in how it is shared collectively .
The medium entrances audiences to remain rapt as it directly employs , accesses and mutates visual forms guided by voice and gesture , augmented by music .
Archetypes , symbols , metaphors , all in their expressively visual forms , advancing inter-culturally through a manner purely oral or textual media encrypted onto pages or into voice by alphabets cannot .
Film 's advantages over oral - performance and written , text - based storytelling are perhaps elemental , affecting memories no alphabetical encryption can achieve .
We may soon discover corollaries with brain structures , maybe even biogenetic structural guidance inherently coded to archetypes and their relations in symbols and visual metaphors .
Some pretty basic examples : lightning to neuron firing , the glint of gold referring to the abstract concept of knowledge .
Your brain on movies .
Few directors are conscious of the vast potential lurking in the dark , yet the film - narrative as an art form unmistakably , knowingly employs these metaphors and symbols .
They 're arrayed somewhat unconsciously , somewhat collectively , sometimes hierarchically .
The 20th century convergence of the hero 's epic - narrative from printed or oral - text to motion - visual is a revolution only a century old and is the beginning of a global narrative language that has only just begun .
" There 's something inherently wrong with the human personality , " he says .
" There 's an evil side to it .
One of the things that horror stories can do is to show us the archetypes of the unconscious : we can see the dark side without having to confront it directly .
Also , ghost stories appeal to our craving for immortality .
If you can be afraid of a ghost , then you have to believe that a ghost may exist .
And if a ghost exists , then oblivion might not be the end . "
Stanley Kubrick , Newsweek 1980 I pieced these notes together , research for a game we built for CBS and in the aftermath , placed them online in rough shape .
My good friend , a Mayan archeologist - anthropologist , provocatively sent me an email regarding The Shining 's end date , July 4 , 1921 .
He detailed a reference found in a book of folklore .
A chance bolt of lightning had struck on that date a monument to Chief Cornstalk of the Shawnee .
Being the second time the monument was struck by lightning , the day became the date of the infamous Curse of Chief Cornstalk , and from then had entered the folklore of the Ohio Valley ( a considerable feat of Kubrick 's is the mirroring of this lightning flash with the ending photo 's flash ; for the full story , read this essay to its end ) .
I was skeptical - inquisitive : " How could - would have Kubrick knowingly plucked this dated factoid to end his grandest film ? "
His answer was sharp : " I 'm an archeologist , do you know the chance an exact date referencing a supernatural occurence associated with a dead Amerindian chief is a coincidence in a film littered with Native references ?
It 's nil .
Did n't you tell me the film is filled with doubles and mirrors ? "
And so I immediately sent him screen - shots from the film of what I thought looked like Mesoamerican logographs and he replied : " Yes , these are IK and K'AN symbols .
Good work !
No one has ever found these before !
Now , do n't you see ?
This is all reference material .
Kubrick was like a master professor in something that you 're going to dislodge and unearth .
I 'll cite the proof . "
And so the organization of these notes began ...
The Shining is the most complex film ever made .
It i sn't a film about any one theme .
It 's composed of many .
Isolating any of them dilutes Kubrick 's intent .
Seeing how they thread and overlap is key to understanding its complexities .
All of its themes merge .
Native American vs. Manifest Destiny , mirroring vs. doubling , linear vs. continuum , supernatural vs. natural , text vs. visual , text vs. spoken word , fable vs. myth , cartoon vs. realism .
All focused through film 's effect on the brain , neurophenomenology ( or to be explicit , cognitive scientist Daniel Dennett 's definition of heterophenomenology ) .
But this is confusing .
On one hand film is structural , which simply means there is an order to the storytelling : gesture , movement , word , reaction .
On the other hand , there is the audience 's perception of these structures , which is phenomena .
A door is opened , a room is entered .
While very meticulous , many of Kubrick 's structures are illusions .
Not just illusions of time , which are necessary for an audience to experience any movie , but illusions of space and meaning .
Look deeper at his canon .
Poole appears to jog towards himself as the wheel switches direction in 2001 .
Sideways lighting switches from stage lighting in the derelict casino battle in Clockwork .
Kubrick is playing with a specific phenomena of threshold .
It emerges in full blast in The Shining , as ' things ' like doors or windows seem correct but are n't possible .
Space distorts around key locations , with corresponding , meaningful mirrors of each arrayed throughout .
Kubrick directs rigorously to ensure we never see these illusions and mirrors ( or doubles ) easily .
He keeps his frames carefully aligned .
He adheres to both subliminal and liminal horizons and focuses attention to light qualities .
He even carefully navigates colors , shades and patterns .
Why ?
Well if you keep the view very stable , you lull an audience into thinking they 're looking at a pure reality .
If you manage color hue unlike almost every other color film ever made ( auto - settings on cameras shift this with white balance , light outdoors is bluer , incandescent bulbs are more yellow ) then the film seems even more ' real . '
All of these elements are perceived somewhat unconsciously by the audience , and Kubrick knowingly may have paid attention to as many details as possible to create films that are the deepest penetrations of the brain , the sharpest , subliminal cortex impulses .
This apparently stable method allows Kubrick to then play endless games with your unconscious .
Not obviously .
Very , very subtly .
By playing a kind of cognitive game out of spatial distortion , contrasted imagery , wordplay and mirroring , while breaking certain rules of time , Kubrick jumpstarts the medium and its goals .
He invents perhaps another genre and strengthens the potential for film to become a language all its own .
Along the way paradoxes emerge .
Our accepted , basic grammar of time in storytelling becomes in Kubrick 's hands a tool or syntax that 's applied in unexpected ways .
You know how time works typically in film , a character says " I 'll meet you at three " and then we cut to see him waiting at a train station and the clock already says " 3:23 . "
The audience is immediately anxious .
Kubrick avoids these conventions and instead shows time overlapping , interweaving , both linearly and non-linearly .
A simple example is the ending , which inversely ends in the past with its date : July 4 , 1921 .
When rules like time are distorted subtly , subliminally , the audience has many more opportunities to explore the story .
The film even seems to operate backwards , which means the film is a mirror of itself through time .
The Shining is a film meant to be seen both forwards and backwards .
In reverse , The Shining is the most visually unifying motion - art ever conceived .
Backwards it operates beyond the scale of any built , ideal , or imagined form existing inside fantasy , philosophy or reality .
And yet forwards the film is a horror that shows us the hotel slowly , unceasingly absorbing a human being .
Jack Torrance is pulled into the hotel 's mirrors until he 's finally frozen as a ghost into a black and white still .
The film 's poster hints at this - it's a perfect object to serve as an introduction to the film .
The duo -color poster condenses the entire film into a near end - state .
There 's a boy in the poster and we assume it 's Danny though it does n't exactly look like him .
Compare it to another Kubrick film .
The boy bears more than a passing resemblance to the Starchild of 2001 .
Looking at both posters below , can you decide which he more looks like ?
Kubrick wants us to see both Danny and the Starchild inside The Shining 's poster .
As you 'll slowly discover below , he mirrors every gesture in 2001 within The Shining .
Now use it as a mirror .
The Starchild ends its film in the space above the Earth at a grand scale and this yellowed child ends its film small and flattened , opposite states .
An even subtler meaning emerges .
Danny / Starchild appears to be behind the wall of wherever the poster is hung .
He 's on the verge of being flattened into a photograph , which is the key horror of the film .
A ghost inside a wall .
Now to give you an idea how complex the film is , there 's another meaning built into the poster .
Above :
The ik windows of Palenque , a lost city set , like The Overlook , in the mountains .
Ik , a Maya T - shaped logograph , means ' breath , wind ' ; coupled here with sunlight it advances symbolic meanings .
The film 's poster slyly references both sunlight and breath ( color and open mouth ) .
Both poster and Palenque T - shaped openings are proportionally equal .
Openings are in House E , Palenque 's Throne Room named in Mayan " White House . "
Palenque 's seat of power was an an entirely white building , the only one of its kind in the city ( everything else was ornately colored ) .
House E was covered in highly polished white stucco which effectively reflected all light .
Poster hints the view is from this Mesoamerican throne room , bathed in sunlight .
Below : Another Mesoamerican logograph that appears in the film is K'an .
It means " yellow " and subtly references the color of the poster without using any pure yellow in its design .
Its use in the room is explained a little below and in more detail in part two .
While the poster 's ghostly being operates as a double , or a mirror depending on how we perceive it , so does the very text that announces the film .
Here Kubrick 's maddeningly dense storytelling abilities come into view , he orchestrates another double meaning , instead now through the text .
Though hard to believe , this T - form , while ably fulfilling its role as the first letter of " THE , " also unmistakably references a Mayan logograph .
The poster 's T , a logogram , is the day sign IK equal to our Monday in Maya , the first day of the Maya 's calendar and " MONDAY " ( which comes from ' moon - day ' ) will later be spelled for us as an intertitle .
Specifically it's also a window shape that can only be found at the Mayan city of Palenque .
Kubrick borrows the window's exact dimensions , and shows precisely how it would be used to frame a face .
The window is both small to fit eyes and mouth and is placed at medium height , precisely how it appears in the poster .
In contrast to The Shining 's endlessly false windows , this is a real window in a real place .
Statistically , the coincidence of its framing ratio is impossible .
While it may be impossible for you to believe , let alone comprehend a reason for the integration , in a footnote written for the forthcoming book , a Mayan anthropologist will verify Kubrick 's use of these Mayan forms .
Now you may ask , why is proving Kubrick 's use important ?
Because Kubrick is exploring uncharted waters both in language and film storytelling .
He 's playing with tools of language , previously used in other much more stable contexts , and overlapping their properties and meanings .
While we live in an increasingly " meta " age where movies seem to be merging , blending into one mediocrity after another ( singularity ) , these tools indicate Kubrick was venturing in an opposite direction .
Deeper into the shroud of film reality .
Kubrick 's films may even be an all together separate medium from films .
Normally , a symbol so cleverly buried would go unnoticed , but as the film unravels , another Mayan symbol appears that Kubrick reuses much like the IK .
The K'AN symbol , seen repeating in the Gold Ballroom 's carpeting , is a logograph of the word for the color yellow .
Clearly this is a sly reference to the name of the room ; gold =yellow .
Both symbols add layers of meaning to the film , even indirectly explain each other 's presence , as well as reference supernatural occurrences later in the film .
Both symbols are only to be found in the Americas .
Likewise , Kubrick , who designed his films ' release campaigns adroitly , used this poster only for the American release .
For all other territories he used Jack 's face menacing Wendy .
Of course the poster is only the beginning .
If we can extrapolate all of these relatable meanings from merely the film 's poster , then what awaits you in the film is a deluge of buried information .
Within what seems to be a streamlined , dulled version of Stephen King 's masterly pulp novel , Kubrick has built for us a massive and alive mysterium .
A ghost story without vaporous , glowing undead or sliding chairs .
Far ahead of his time , he carefully planned an unusually intricate series of continuity and orientation shifts in plain sight .
To conjure the supernatural , the shifts go by so quickly the audience rarely notices even one of them .
And even more importantly , the shiftings have meaning and create meaning connecting to other occurrences .
In his arsenal of tools , Kubrick uses symbols , signs , archetypes , gestures , rituals and metaphors .
Collapsing historically dizzying human moralities and cosmologies developed over thousands of years through visual forms ( examples : border control through maps , order control through mazes ) , Kubrick scatters them , then contrasts and flows them with well planned , abnormal spatiodynamics .
" Special effects " through intentional continuity errors , shifting props or false windows .
The audience plays its role through memory and perception .
What do you remember about The Shining ?
Kubrick is pushing all of these hidden meanings into your head without letting you become too aware of them .
Framings , colors and patterns merge and blend as animations within viewers ' unconscious .
He shows us two similar forms and our mind merges them .
There are even two distinct hotels in the film .
The simulacrum where the film is set has two sides bridged by many mirrors , not all of which are the reflective kind .
How do we decrypt The Shining ?
By reverse engineering it .
By peering into its structure .
Pulling apart aspects of its tools and forms that refer to one another , one can see roughly what Kubrick was aiming for .
It 's actually a pretty simple formula .
The structure is largely false and it fools the audience , manufacturing a type of subliminal phenomena .
And why would he do this ?
Again , it 's simple .
By making you think something is real while showing you it 's fake , he gets to play with the idea of meaning in your unconscious .
Where language begins , or is stored .
Once neurophenomenologically decrypted , The Shining can be seen as a beginning to a new form of post - Western visual guidance .
Perhaps even a new facet of language .
One day these ' simple ' teasers may be magnified inside blockbuster films and videogames that access the brain even more directly .
Kubrick , a thinker 's magician , is trying to teach the audience without any of us becoming aware of either lesson or method .
If it is a primer for an entirely next - stage visual language , then it 's accessed through a complex key in brain science : paradox .
Once we start to take apart how the dialogue is used , you 'll come to realize the film is a careful satire , and in darker ways a refutation of how we share and store knowledge through Indo - European text .
The spoken English in the film is loaded with unusually nuanced visual and verbal paradoxes that escalate scene by scene .
There is terror in the dialogue .
The spoken horror of The Shining is , like the visuals , revealed in confabulation , nursery simplification , deception , broadcast in a variety of technologies ( phone and radio ) and qualities ( like sarcasm and pure rage ) - critical components to the dread laced in the flickering visuals that drive the film to its end .
The only clear communication of the entire film is wordless - the shining Danny sends to Halloran that calls for his help .
It 's an essentially silent film within the film .
As an alternate to its spoken plot , Kubrick laces visual forms throughout from indigenous American cultures ( some that employed complex spoken languages without written form / alphabets , like the Navajo ) .
From a nearly decimated past , it effectively augments even bypasses western systems of description by very subtly alerting us to their alternate visuals , motifs and even parts of their narratives and rituals .
Perhaps an evolutionary tweak that does n't or wo n't go away , The Shining , cooly and mildly reviewed upon release ( " when I first saw The Shining I did n't love it but it has since become one of my favorites ... " - Steven Spielberg ) has evolved into a kind of cult film to adherents , could be the initialization of a movement to shift our tools en masse .
Do we as a species undervalue entertainment while it is unwittingly evolutionary ?
Obvious to some , film and videogame represent a giant leap into the next stage of our languages ( and into consciousness ) ; perplexingly they remain ghettoized in market exploitation .
And then there 's our collective understanding of motion - media .
Why is it explored merely as an aspect of psychology or sociology by academia when motion - media is revolutionary beyond systems of study now in place ?
Why is visual culture only a fraction of what is offered to children in education ?
Children must attain a strong connection to motion - based experiences on their own accord , richly stylized now in multiple dimensions , in mostly commercial atmospheres ?
Crucially The Shining is about a boy 's journey .
Its most powerful thematic message is that adults cannot ' read ' the hotel .
They cannot comprehend its danger , thus are at its mercy while Danny fluidly navigates it , guided by its visuals , flirting with death until he traps his father in its other side .
He plays the hotel .
" You can start with a game plan but depending on where the ball bounces and where the other side happens to be , opportunities and problems arise which can only be effectively dealt with at that very moment . "
Stanley Kubrick 1987
Press play .
A landscape of mountains is mirrored into a nearly still lake .
What appears for a split second as still is actually in motion .
We are traveling at high speed , flying .
An island first shown centered passes to camera left .
The Navajo , one of two tribes mentioned in the film , identify our earthly plane as the Fifth Realm .
Kubrick seems to comply by opening his film with an image from the beginning of the Navajo 's origin myth , as it crosses onto Earth : " He had gotten through to the upper world , and came out on a little island in the center of a lake . "
[ Navaho Legends Matthews 1897 ] .
The island proves what plane of existence we inhabit and viewed in reverse , we see this plane we are leaving behind to enter perfection , symmetry .
An image focuses right as the camera looks towards the sedimentary mountain , it forms an arrowhead - shape in the mirroring lake .
In a film littered with both Native American and European derived visual forms ( rugs , wall hangings , furniture , chevrons , diamonds )
Kubrick immediately hints at a geologic / natural source for native cosmological shape - forms and their colors that appear throughout .
These colors and forms duplicate in the Lobby 's floor then the Colorado Lounge walls and onward .
He is suggesting if a religion / myth / spirituality engages forms and colors from the land - the arrows that are seen here become the patterns of Navajo art - then it may be suffused with powers beyond our view .
Does this form - transform have an endpoint ?
Chosen not for its proximity to Colorado where the film is set , this opening image of St. Mary Lake ( Glacier National Park , Montana ) showcases two essential native cosmological structures seen from right angles to one another .
Link shows how easy this was to scout : St. Mary Lake is where spirits of the Blackfoot underworld are said to sleep and is bordered in the opening shot by ' Gunsight ' Mountain seen directly ahead arrayed with four mythic mountains left of center frame .
The west 's conquerors call this mountain range Rockies , but the tribes that surrounded these monumental peaks had another name they shared : " The Shining Mountains " [ Journals of Lewis and Clark 1906 ] .
The island that passes to our left , mirrored , appears floating and behaves visually like the spaceships of 2001 .
Likewise it appears to be moving by itself , magically enacting a passage between upper and lower worlds .
In effect , you are watching the first motion - image of Navajo and Blackfoot cosmology , a stunning evolvement of the landscape traveling in 2001 grafted into a mythical viewpoint .
The lower half is where Jack will be trapped eventually .
Presently he inhabits both upper and lower .
Tracking right ( and as a movement it is meant to be instructive , teaching the audience the film is made of right - angles ) .
The right - pan is revealing as well , it exhibits an arrowhead shape in the mirror pointing left aimed directly under the upwardly aimed Gunsight Mountain .
Cut and we are now looking down , upon a road .
This parallel path to the lake is a real road : ‘ Going - to - the - Sun ’ Road , another central cosmological pathway in Blackfoot tribal mythology .
Located directly at the continental divide in Glacier National Park , the road ’s construction / destruction was begun in 1921 , the year the film ends , so in a subtle manipulation , the road begins in 1921 as well as the photograph that ends the film in a flash : a buried nod to continuum .
Looking down :
The view is an overlook , giving the audience the idea of an overlook before they enter a place named it .
The film ends with an overlook , the ending still is taken from a balcony or a ladder down at an audience .
The single arrowhead form we just panned to is now multiplied out of trees pointing upwards .
A Yellow VW
Beetle travels this road , followed by our view , an unseen spirit .
Beetle is symmetric , both front and back are the same , from afar it looks as if it could be traveling forward or backwards , following a double yellow line .
Color and form hide the unusually apt name : Beetle .
Metaphorically , at this height , we are inhumanly scaled in awareness .
The Beetle is bug - sized in our optics as if we are giants , mimicing a scale we think is offered to Jack as he gazes at his family within the maze later , or the scale at which Danny plays with his cars .
Kubrick offers us the most ambitious POV of the film here , Tony ’s / Danny ’s , a double / mirror like the Danny / Starchild double whose image appears in the film 's poster .
The reborn Starchild 's source is Dave Bowman in 2001 .
Mountain is the destination of this road : a physical dead end .
A metaphysical doorway .
The road and car repeatedly near the center of the frame .
Upon passing across the timberline momentarily ( into an unreal , lunar - like landscape ) , titles begin to rise .
Reverse of standard end credits – an assertion the film is being shown backwards .
We swoop over driving VW Beetle to conform to the prey 's horizon .
The Beetle , framed right , passes camera precisely mirroring the island passing left earlier , offering a split - second of equal scales .
This sweeping shot equalizes to the Beetle 's horizon for a split second , something the film remains at inside the hotel , on the floor 's plane , for most of the film .
The audio is an electronic blending between Church / Horror tonal organ and native battle cry chants .
The battle cries synch and merge with the organ 's repeating notes .
The hue of the title 's blue is not the same as the sky 's tone , it 's turquoise , referencing turquoise - sky relation in Native American mythology .
The dominance of blue in North American Native cosmologies cannot be underestimated " ... he failed to buy enough blue beads and blue blankets [ for the expedition ] , blue as any French or British trader knew , was the favorite color with Indians " [ Those Tremendous Mountains 1980 ] .
Kubrick merges film convention ( rising titles to mimic an end ) and cosmology ( the turquoise - blue being sent skyward ) a visual simplification of east - west phenomenon contrast ( a visual incantation scored to the similarly dual , warfare - laced music ) .
As a geological form , the turquoise 's color is an element of an " earth / lake - merging - sky glyph " [ at times the word shot is inappropriate since it indicates a still frame ] that began the film and continues , through color exchanges evolving transitionally into color movement seen later in the film .
Here blues of the underworld meet the upperworld , repeatedly , from sky 's reflection to titles .
Titles amplify color oppositions : Blue - yellow .
Sky - Car , Divider Line - Credits .
If the road is painted with yellow , an unconscious pattern the west signals the sun with , then titles follow suit in opposition , consciously contrasting the film with turquoise .
Another right - angle , the Beetle seems to overlaid with sunflares visually embodying the name of the road and the name of the film , an intentional optical conjuring .
These sunflare 's yellow hues later transition into the underworld portals of The Overlook 's purified blood - red ( both flow from left sides ) .
Kubrick uses flares and reflections intentionally , they are not random .
By employing uncoated lenses ( coated lenses reduce flare effects dramatically ) he keeps us more than aware of the sun in a film about a supernatural force named after the sun 's power .
Kubrick never films the sun directly , instead he carefully showcases the sun as a refracted image , broken into two projections , optical ghosts of the sun .
In the lower right capture , double suns are seen directly above the " J " .
Though the surrounding flares are distortions of the sun , these two clearer objects are more akin to camera obscura effects : they are direct prisms of the sun 's image onto film .
Below these two frames is a coated lens - flare showing two clearly defined sun refracted images of a solar eclipse .
The flares and the road 's lines share similar angles :
Two key overlooks : Kubrick 's most subdued pairing has a yellow sun aiming for the hexagonal aperture refraction over the road ( lower right ; a function of all lens flares ) and cars ( one is even parked ) , restaged later with yellow ball , toy cars and a hexagonal carpet pattern , just outside of Room 237 .
Beetle arrives at The Overlook : We , and the mountain 's peak , overlook this Overlook .
The roof of the hotel does not reach the sky , it remains dwarfed by the mountain 's ascent .
The earth claims the hotel naturally , the builders intentionally camouflage it - the view appears untouched .
The hotel makes little distinction in landscape - in effect it is ghosting .
Disappearing , the first ‘ ghost ’ of The Shining is the hotel itself .
( And the last in reverse . )
The Bug 's yellow continues in the film ( visibly doubled in the lot : as if the yellowness is absorbed into the hotel like an organism swallowing a pill ) with the tennis ball that visibly rolls to Danny and off screen to Jack .
A final deleted scene was Ullman handing a tennis ball to Danny , closing this experimental loop even tighter .
Yellow lines paint the two - lane road and these same doubles will appear again in the hotel during a key scene .
Yellow ’s value is symbolic and it extends to gold , where the fusion of sun worship and mythical valuation creates confusion .
A bloodlust that leads humans to worship this rare radiant metal and not its property 's mythic origin : knowledge .
The center of the hotel is its Gold Ballroom .
" THE INTERVIEW , " employed forwards and backwards , the title refers to both the dialogue pairings that follow and to the film itself , literally : “ a view between ” two worlds : the mirror shot of the lake ’s reflection etc .
Titles break time within the film , convincing us each sequence between them is continual .
They are as colorless as the photos on the walls .
They are crucial elements to the horror in a film that deals with writing and names ; Kubrick even reserves his biggest shock - cut of the film for theses titles ( " TUESDAY " ) .
The use of this key phrase ( it could be mistaken as a subtitle of what shining accomplishes , it shows you where the other side is , the inter - view ) has the same double meaning Kubrick withdraws from his use of " INTERMISSION " in 2001 .
Besides giving the audience a chance to use the bathroom , it also functions as a break in the Jupiter Mission .
English separates these motion images .
The chapter titles appear centered horizontally like the first moment of the first image of the film , the island .
Camera follows
Jack , like the reading of text , left to right .
The interview develops structure : Jack crosses through English origin design ( the windows , the chandelier ) , upon Native American patterns , to an English transaction counter where paper notes behind the counter are angled right .
The implied horizon ( wood versus painted wall ) splits these two realms .
In the far distance , through the far doorway , is the final location of the film , the 1921 photograph .
Framed Gold Ballroom details ( sign , curtains that frame his final appearance photo )
Jack crosses in front of are counterpoints and extensions of the sun 's earlier flaring .
This human synthesis of color forms brings the sun indoors .
Kubrick carefully begins the framing of angled forms that reach off frame begun by the road 's lines , notice the ceiling edge and table counter .
These are forms that suggest continuum .
Very few scenes in The Shining lack this quality .
They mimic horizon - infinity animations of 2001 's stargate sequence .
Here we have a reversal of the stargate , these angles are extrusions , solid , subliminal animated forms that lead us to the past .
Other Kubrick films employ these framing conventions , here they acquire ulterior significance in mirror to 2001 .
In a film about qualities of knowledge , description and perception , the entrance shot has Jack ( a writer ) pass in front of two written notices , in front and behind of a group of seated readers to a counter where messages are written and stored , copiously labeled .
Something to remember for later : the inverse of this view is the night Jack enters the party .
The Gold Ballroom sign then is left instead of right .
A 35 mm SLR camera , aimed at the audience , sits on a table next to the seated reader .
It 's a sly suggestion we are having our picture taken for a wall hanging .
We are to be be ghosted into the walls like Jack : the final image of the film is a pictured dead audience facing a living one .
" I got an appointment with Mr. Ullman .
My name 's Jack Torrance . "
First word of film is " I . "
Our first double is the pairing of the actor and the character he plays .
Jack Nicholson Jack Torrance .
Names matter ;
Jack will later be defined by who calls him by which part of his name .
From now on he is either Dad , Jack or Mr. Torrance .
The receptionist is the first ghost we meet , she is dressed to subtly imply she and the hotel are one entity , redheads suffuse these early scenes to continue the hotel 's exterior ghosting .
Once told his office is the first door on the left , he crosses the camera 's location and we now see Jack 's other side , he passes across the first horizon - framed indigenous pattern ( the first image below ) , the distant blanket affixed to the wall , a double - diamond pattern ( mirrors of mirrors - from the landscape ) at the opposite position to his final resting - place photo .
Why diamonds ?
Diamonds are known in the west for their shine .
This shot 's ' essence ' is complex : his figure is walking past an eternity passage ( Navajo blankets are deeply coded with both meaning and story , the diamonds can indicate " eternity " ) .
Two men are framed inside the wall - blanket waiting for an elevator facing left .
The guest holds rifle .
Termini animate throughout the film , which means they refer to other T - shaped corridors and rooms with similar forms , here the distant blanket contrasts its framing with Ullman 's office curtains , transtion portals of some kind that derive mysterious power from color , form and mirror - symmetry .
Dead - end termini are literally that , places of slow death : Ullman 's office , 237's bathroom , the red men's room , all bathed in the spectrally neutral white light .
All are locations where Jack is subtracted from himself .
In the first he hears about Charles Grady and in the last meets Delbert Grady .
In between he has a wordless exchange with two separate nude apparitions .
This careful management of light hue is a leitmotif - like syntax made from light .
Jack stares at a woman who descends a staircase , the staircase he lastly descends to slaughter Halloran ( below , mostly hidden by Jack 's head ) .
Later , during the tour of the hotel , he will stare at two women descending .
Though there is an animal - desire component to Jack 's gesture , she 's also a facet of the hotel 's time - mirror distortion in play .
This is the least ( apparently ) hallucinatory ghost movie with the most trance - like reality .
The arrow - form begun in the lake 's reflection of the mountain is now on the lobby 's floor , shown incorporated into the diamond - shape , and Jack uses its left point as a directional .
Kubrick glosses the floor to show you the arrow - form is now solely inside a reflective surface , blending lake and floor .
A subtle , advancing mirror story emerges .
The effect of shining , of reflection of light off of glossy surfaces ( the lake ) , continues here and also appears on the column and ceiling .
Though the " lake - mirror " is now part of the floor , its mirroring is degraded , noticeable yet invisible to the conscious .
Although all light here is generated in a studio , Kubrick carefully contrasts the ' outside ' cool slightly blue - white hue ( far right , shining that strikes the column ) with the slightly yellowed incandescence , a movement from the blue of the sky to the inner yellows and reds of the house , its inner power source , color - wise a reflection of the flares of the unseen sun .
Notice the seating : the inset in the wall opposite the elevator is bordered .
An alcove to wait for its arrival .
Once we get a good look at the elevator 's ' mask ' later ( the trailer has set up the elevator mask as well ) , unconsciously we know this ' bordering ' is the first view the hotel 's ' face ' has of its guests as they enter .
And then the subliminal .
In the sliver in front of the two men , the audience gets a fraction of a second image of the elevator , and the poster 's T shape ( below left ) .
The summary : he is walking over the first shot of the film ( arrow - lake - mirror ) and crosses the last ( the tracking shot that ends in his b&w photo ) .
Camera follows into an ante-room where on walls that are separated by a doorway appear modern art ( below , left ) and a snowcapped view of the hotel and mountain summertime and wintertime ( below , right ) a telegraph to the future inside the film .
The left image is an abstraction of an Indian and has no straight lines .
As the camera turns , we get a glimpse of an Amerindian on the left side of the modern canvas that appears far more realistic .
The lighter green forms seem to animate from a plant that sit to the left of the image .
The green shares similar shapes .
Jack is associated with the right side of the screen , the outdoors where he came from and the future where it will snow .
Contrast the color imagery with the spectral window frames behind Ullman .
Ullman is framed just left of center .
The left side is the interior of the hotel , dominated by a framed double image of an Amerindian arrayed in map - like forms in angered opposition to the outdoors ; he has a single eye , a cyclops like HAL 9000 .
A trailing black form mimics a collected scalp ( lower image , painting ) ; in his hand is a color - banded coup stick for collecting spirits ( like the man moments earlier awaiting the elevator , also holding a stick ) .
The two hotel employees , Ullman and Susie , are left - frame oriented , notice their nearly monochromatic appearance compared to the hanging art .
Ullman 's tie gives him a frozen - blood cutthroat death , surrounded in blue , a red hue linked to the warrior - image outside his door .
In parallel this deep red hue pours minutes later from the left side .
The doorway entrance is bordered like the photo Jack ends the film inside ( and like the inset wall - seating moments earlier ) , bordered as the color landscapes on the right are .
In contrast the chief 's frame shines .
Even the doorway itself shines .
The ' window , ' asymmetrically oriented left of the doorway , is false .
Viewing the previous corridor 's depth renders this window impossible .
The office ' window's ' ghosted trees and outdoor light are hazy , spectrally monochromatic animations towards Jack 's final frozen - still imprisonment .
The hotel 's arrays of black and white framed images even seem culled from the window 's framed ratios .
Jack has entered an endless series of bordered mirrors that absorb him inwardly .
These spectral redheads appear as guides at the entrance of a colorful series of death - absorptions ending in black & white .
In a single shot , Kubrick has just visually explained how humans are captured and converted into ghosts , while proving the hotel is supernatural .
Follow the two images above for hue : Jack moves daylight ( blue , far right lobby ) / incandescent ( yellow ) / fluorescent ( green ) / spectral ( colorless ) .
The interview with Ullman sequence also introduces the first use of artificial light as a character in the film .
Characteristic of a total mechanism ( the Hotel ) , a conscious , supernatural entity , not unlike HAL 9000 , but unlike HAL , it has no direct orthographic interface .
' It ' appears everywhere inside .
Sometimes using human faces .
Charles Grady is a real , dead person , Delbert is the Overlook inhabiting him .
' His ' names are even in alphabetical order .
The girls are the Overlook .
So is the elevator .
The Hotel communicates through distortion , or maybe a better word is conjuring .
All of it appears completely real .
The constant symphony of natural light , incandescent lamps , and cool fluorescent luminance behaves like guidance .
A subtler form of breadcrumbing , or simply warning .
Here 's a divergence from the cool - blue to yellow we witnessed in the lobby .
Here the light of the window is equalized with the two ' fluorescent ' fixtures , yet they possess equal white balance .
A hint at both sources ' falseness and Kubrick makes an effort to show us the office 's light is neither blue , yellow nor green hued by the completed shot 's color temperature - traveling .
He 's showing us the light is supernatural by its complete lack of hue .
Window placement helps to indicate role each room plays .
Since you will discover that some windows are false , each room 's relationship with light is critical .
He plays with the window 's symmetry throughout this scene .
The general manager ’s office , and his secretary Susie ’s ante room offer the best evidence of modernity in the hotel .
If we did n’t first see this room , would we know what year it is ?
The abstract art depicting an American Indian chief or warrior ( let 's loosely assume this is Chief Cornstalk whose curse is time referenced at the film 's end ) and color photographs of mountains and a snow patched Overlook ( outside General Manager ’s office ) also establishes the importance of wall hangings , crucial elements in the storytelling that follows since Jack himself will become part of one .
This pairing reveals diverging modern human use of color technology : color photograph and art .
This is our stable conscious world fighting with its unconscious conjured by the hotel as a gateway to an interview .
Susie ’s green - hued ante-room contrasts with Stuart Ullman ’s office beyond , a ghostly , bright room littered with the past ( emblems , awards , certificates and black and white pictures , a county map left : the animation of the outer room 's Chief 's image into this inner room 's border control ) bathed in soft orange colors , a tone central to Mesoamerican imagery - an interzone between earthtones and blood , the hue 's effects drain photographic dimension from light skins .
This is a monochromatic tomb .
Notice plant holding shelves and the light boxes on the ceiling that reach skyward off frame .
Inset shelving mimics the storage of urns in burial chambers , the room suggests a reliquary tomb decorated with symbolic objects .
The wall hung map left proves the domains he reached as manager ( the limited reach of his radio's broadcast - in contrast to Danny 's seemingly infinite reach ) , his gilded awards hang opposite right : materialism and success .
Clothing and hair tone colors are used to subtly imply roles that are defined by imagery .
Susie and Ullman are introduced as back - lit redheads with Susie in a neutral outfit , she fades into background of the room , is forced to move around Ullman to fetch their coffee , is the color of coffee .
Ullman is red white and blue dressed for maximum contrast despite his hair color exactly matching curtains , a ghost trying to stay dimensional , to appear living .
With a gash of blood coming from his neck .
Both are framed within the curtain , while Jack is framed in the ghostly window .
This shot is subtly asymmetric with the window frame , boldly asymmetric with the desk .
Navajo zig zag / diamond patterns ( lightning - mirror - shining references ) , begun on the wall hanging further back with the elevator - awaiting men in Jack 's previous walking shot , re-emerge here as similar patterns on the curtains , opened to light hinting the power of rendering humans as ghosts is an indigenous , supernatural force .
This is a subtle animation from blanket to open curtains .
The ceiling light fixtures exactly meet the curtain 's edges not the window's .
This is a portal tomb .
A long dissolve establishes the Torrance ’s Boulder apartment complex .
The complex is in the near background and continues off - camera right , a forested mountain left , foreground parking lot centered , all elements duplicating The Overlook 's establish , but with careful differences .
Our view is n't in flight , it 's land - locked .
The complex does n't camouflage itself , and it 's bathed in sunlight .
Asymmetry is the rule here , except for the two cars at right , which are almost symmetrical pairs .
This is a mirror of the establishing shot , earthbound .
A basketball hoop stands far left and will animate - unconsciously by cutting into the next shot which displays a gold basket on the ironing board .
The shelf - like balconies animate into the next shot 's shelves .
As a film organized with logic tha flows both backwards and forwards , we are aware on some level that this parking lot is the origin of Jack 's Beetle , an arrival we have just finished watching earlier .
Inside the asymmetric apartment appear pairings as background information .
Art & design .
Books make zig zag patterns ( angled left , the opposite of the paper messages behind the counter in the hotel ) the Navajo and Apache patterns complete here integrally .
This is not bought art for control as in the hotel , the spirit is integrated .
Some things are not hung , like the child 's painting in a later scene .
And crucially , the plastic basket behind them is a central , symbolic object ( it 's yellow , the same shade as the Gold Ballroom 's entrance curtains . )
The baseball near it is the first sphere in the film , and the tennis ball that arrives later is a combination of sphere and yellow .
Introduction of Wendy and Danny is a sly , sideways introduction to American settler life through minimalist , lower - middle - class set decoration .
Danny stares into a TV set , where a Warner Bros. wordless cartoon is cathode - ray projecting a traveling settler 's narrative .
The roadrunner - coyote conflict ( offscreen in audio ) was a common sight on westward Death Valley crossings .
The coyote is both a trickster and transformer figure in Native American mythology .
In Navajo mythology he's the philosopher arguing in favor of death which allows youthful generations access to precious resources [ Navajo Mythology Reichard ] .
Wendy reads near - mirrored cover of Catcher in the Rye .
Wendy sees inside text , Danny sees inside motion - visuals .
Presumably Danny has not yet learned how to read .
The book - text world is also where Jack sees ( " I'm a writer . " ) , and is what is arrayed behind her on shelves .
The angled , right - turned ( so that spines are visible ) , western version of the dimensions behind / through Ullman 's windows .
Jack will become trapped in this text world ( inside a repeating sentence he types ) and then become absorbed into a photograph inscribed with text ; this supernatural process is visually bridged by both wall patterns , however discrete .
The book she 's reading is about a teenager with self - hatred issues set in the 1950 's written by an American : Jack is a candidate for the Holden Caulfield act - alike contest , his rants later seem like teen angst fueled insecurity .
She is crowned by the first real symmetry ( the salt and pepper shakers in the distance ) that appear on a shelf with the book 's angled forms .
Cotton balls are an animation from the clouds in previous shot .
As a campfire burns ( uninhaled cigarette ) Danny stares through this smoke to watch the Television 's cartoons , they eat above a picnic gingham , her outfit is composed of a union suit and hop - dress , all articles elements of a perversely mundane early - settler outfit ( circa 1850's ) , Danny is emblazoned with USA iconography , and Bugs Bunny 's ears both mirror the Warner Bros ' cartoons TV presence and mimic his finger 's mirror .
A baseball , a cord - wire ball wrapped in leather , halos him and provides the anchor for the second interior we see ' both ' sides of , a right - left interview , though the ball is not hidden from us .
Prior to discovery of rubber , English racquet ball - court games used leather wrapped balls similar to baseballs .
This table - setting is duplicated later in family quarters of Overlook as the monstrous climax approaches .
This relationship to ‘ outfit ’ is crucial since Danny ( and each character ) morphs emblematically as well as follows a color path , each acquire costume colors in a pathway of tonal narrative .
The light catches in his milk and the diamond patterns of both blankets and curtains appear as the decorations of the glass , changes in distances but not scale .
Her reverse angle in the conversation advances doubling within background : two saucepans , two milk cartons ( a logic shown in reverse : where the milk in his glass is from ) , two dishsoap bottles .
While not as disturbing as Jack ’s pending doubling , it preludes horror with normalcy .
In reverse it moves doubling from background ( here ) to foreground ( ' interview ' ) to mirror ( the lake — dissipation ) .
This doubling is crucially not perfect , uneven , like Danny ’s finger , this asymmetry a natural component to humanity and consciousness .
Danny reveals his mastery of his interior / self , he makes his case as hero known .
I command this .
A person in the measure of one ’s thumb
Stands in the midst of one ’s self
Lord of what has been
And what is to be
One does not shrink away from him .
Upanishad ( Hume translation 1911 )
Danny raises his finger and exhibits an interior human version of the doubling first introduced with lake background .
His shirt is an animation extending from Ullman 's desktop flag .
Notice baseball is now on left side of Danny 's head in a framing that shows us another orientation to text inside books .
Danny 's PBJ breaks in half as the scene ends .
Bill Watson joins the interview , his role doubles Jack , initiating his absorption , ensuring Jack and audience are both conscious and unconscious of hotel ’s power .
The doubling means two parallel timeframes are being drawn together from differing planes .
Bill Watson wears a brown outfit with diamond patterned tie : " This ought to be quite a change for you . "
Look at Kubrick 's new , slightly shifted frame below : subtle outer asymmetry of desk 's symmetric inner form .
This is a " portal - glyph " flooded with meaning : the office is hiding its asymmetry by appearing symmetric , crucially the initial establishing shot of the office has shifted twice to this shot : from outer window centered to inner desk centered .
Ullman behaves similarly , he shifts his right - left orientation from within the sequence , he appears framed right in the wide shot including tables and chairs and then framed left when the camera moves tighter , as if there are two Ullmans , disassociated , demonic .
Look closer and you can see what Kubrick is accomplishing with these shifts .
This discordance between eeirly similar shots is both a nuance of the horror to come and a primer to apply to the logic of the hotel 's power ( its language ) .
Notice the room 's design is not typical , behind Jack ( and his mirror Bill ) are corners that defy simplicity , columned shapes that create shaded depth .
Coupled with the hidden aspects of asymmetry , Kubrick is further using left and right cortexes to blend and hide information , mostly as innocuous values .
These are values weighted laterally that maintain a stable horizon ( whether present or not ) but exhibit unstable values in vertical shifts , like this room 's asymmetry , like the girls that are not twins later .
However primitive the result is , this is Kubrick 's most experimental pursuit in The Shining , he is using neuroscience , paleoneurology and the cortex to both scare you and develop a new language of storytelling .
The Overlook , by way of Ullman , additionally communicates through Plains Indian sign - language , warning Jack visually .
The gist of it : " You ( or I ) will ( have ) travelled across a mountain to be ( have been ) buried here . "
Full decryption will be saved for the book [ Sign Talk of the Cheyenne and other Cultures Ernest Thompson Seton Doubleday 1918 ] .
Ullman mentions Winter of 1970 .
Film playing mid-point is named Summer of 42 .
His outfit is an extension of the miniature US flag on his desk , something we can label a scale - mirror , a property in neuroscience akin to an isomorph .
The overlooks of the road and carpet patterns ( far above on this page , large - framed ) , both with sun-images ( tennis ball / sun prism ) and cars , are also isomorphic scale - mirrors .
The lines of his cuffs , the colors of his tie / jacket , flow from the flag 's stripes and colors .
His hands form similar animate extensions , and are folded in repeated patterns of asymmetry ( he never prays ) .
Kubrick 's connects mirror - logic here .
In Ullman 's single , we see a different side of the ' mirror , ' where the other Ullman is .
Kubrick begins warping continuity to reveal another world , a shift , a mirror world without a visible mirror .
The eagle is a provocative key , consider the opening shots which are in flight .
Its placement here creates , quite literally , a mirror with the audience , who ' flew ' here collectively as one , though purely as a POV .
The audience is only remotely aware of this relationship , but it 's repeatedly implied in other mirrors later in the film .
Here , behind Ullman it shifts left , another mirroring , after a few shots to reveal a side of the mirror , a mirror - world inside a portal , a SHiNiNG .
Special effects in this film are primitive in design but advanced in terms of meaning .
Their visual logic suggest vast possibilities in terms of game gestures , newer languages and even physics .
And by terms I mean that literally : these are visual definitions of complex ideas .
Ideas like paradox , linearity , continuum .
Quantum mechanics rather than quantum dynamics - a physics without time .*
The past accessible through many parallel ' nows ' while the true future remains unexplorable .
The Hotel conjures its images as ' nows . '
Past or any future ' set ' in the past can be broadcast right ' now . '
These timeframes can appear as transmissions , or as entirely populated rooms .
Although the hotel is visually associated with HAL , gesturally associated with Jack , its true powers are inverse to the also unseen time - conjurers of 2001 , the controllers of the stargate .
Here ' time ' can only be controlled locally .
Inwards into psychic death not psychic rebirth .
Compression that ends in a still .
Dave Bowman is rendered planetary in size : 2001 .
Jack Torrance is rendered postage stamp size inside a photograph .
Though both are physically shown , the processes are obviously supernatural .
Below right is an enlargement of the eagle 's establishing frame .
Kubrick reveals the left - oriented eagle from behind Ullman 's head as the scene ends .
Bill Watson 's outfit shifts mid-scene as well .
He even flips the order of Ullman 's hand overlaps when he cuts , another ' mirror ' though this one is based in time , not image .
Kubrick forces two distinctly different realms on us but does n't explain them .
We inhabit these orientations unconsciously .
The film tightens each shot until we single on Jack 's eye , he 's being warned subtly by the optics and not so subtly by Ullman not to participate .
In a sense the audience is Jack , since both remain unaware of The Overlook 's mirrored realms ( while Danny gains awareness and Wendy simply avoids it ) .
Although we carefully follow Danny on his path to trap his father , Kubrick refrains from showing us what Danny is aware of ( the benefits of silent - film storytelling ) , leaving us to fear what he does not .
Kubrick continues storytelling even in Ullman 's hand patterns as eagle - forms that animate into his cuffs , wings that flap ; he even overlaps only his thumbs to show the full bird - form as a bridging gesture to the tale of Grady 's axe - murder / suicide .
Although the mysterious outer / inner facets of these symmetries are key , some details are omitted here .
Below , left : Notice both curtain sides have buried " faces " , two distinct eyes beneath an M - shape with W - shapes for a mouth .
Eye contact with audience : Jack makes the first of his glances audience - ward throughout this scene ( predicting his pending frozen stare at us from inside the photograph - the hotel 's hell is this never returned glance ) .
When asked how his wife and kids are going to react to the hotel , he glances at us in the audience before declaring “ they ’ll love it . ”
By glancing lensward at the audience , he activates the last shot , a frozen audience that he 's a part of , a mirror to us in the dark .
Once Ullman 's description of cabin fever ( early American discordance ) and previous caretaker 's slaughter - suicide are delivered ( here he 's known as Charles Grady , spectrally later as Delbert Grady ) , the conversation shifts to the Torrances .
Jack 's second interview sequence includes a photograph behind him that also appears in film 's final shot , next to the image of the 1921 party , an aggressive yet subliminal link between corporeal Jack and incorporeal Mr. Torrance .
The shadowed inset wall behind him possesses two vertical edges that hint at the frame of the photo he ends the film inside .
Jack is miniaturized and blended into this form , framed in this exact distance from below 's left photograph at film 's end .
He is animated into a shadowed wall .
Jack is even oriented in the same direction of the final photo , which sits only a few meters across the lobby outside , through the office 's walls .
Jack mentions teaching was a way to " make ends meet , " which is what 's occurring visually in the scene .
Notice in previous shot Jack 's head straddles the shadow wall left ( above ) , and in final eye - contact framing below he is now inside it , shifting right from his previous orientation .
Notice the shine on the doorway 's frame .
Compare the below image 's photo and the above left image 's ghostly exterior ' window ' framing nearest Ullman : the still and the window are transmutational towards one another : they are separate images - objects that bear passing resemblance , and relate to states Jack will travel through ( freezing in the maze and freezing inside the photo ) .
All three vertical edges of Jack 's framing cut back and forth to precise verticals in the window .
By tightly relating them , Kubrick is provoking the audience to make an unconscious ' tween ' for them .
Tween is an animator 's word , it refers to the frames created between target points in a character 's motion .
This is only one example of many complex visual transitions in the film that defy most ( all of the west 's ) spoken language 's descriptive abilities .
When Ullman shifts to the horror of the Overlook , he calls it a " thing " that should be mentioned .
This is why Kubrick 's films retain their hold after repeated viewings .
The mundane is spoken , the complex is illustrated .
Western films reverse this .
Or simply equate them .
continued
* Pauline Kael deserves credit for initiating this research .
Her 12 partial - page review in The New Yorker a week after the film 's release , though essentially a pan , took note of two key features of the film that are key to this essay .
She spotted the core of the time syntax : " I think the central character of this movie is time itself , or timelessness . "
And labeled the film an inverted 2001 , with wounded Jack Nicholson hunched ape - like at film 's end .
The name of the review gave that core theme away : " Devolution "
These were intended to illustrate a joke I made in this cartoon .
But it caught on independently of the comic .
I ’ll update this page sporadically whenever the spirit moves me .
If you ’re a Sprint customer right now without any major service issues , leaving the carrier so close to Pre -Day seems crazy .
The most anticipated handset in recent history is on its way to your carrier , as an exclusive for the time being , and it ’s coming along with an exciting new OS that will be embraced by developers around the globe .
At the same time , there are a variety of reasons for wanting to part ways with your mobile service provider and if the Pre is n’t enough to keep you on board we have good news for you .
It looks like Sprint has once again made a change to its Terms and Conditions , opening yet another door to escape from the carrier without having to pay an Early Termination Fee ( ETF ) .
Last month we learned that Sprint was increasing its administrative fee to $ 0.75 , giving customers until January 1 of this year to back out without a penalty .
It seems that $ 0.75 was n’t going to cut it as Sprint has raised its fee yet again , this time to $ 0.99 .
Customers now have through January 31 to sever ties sans - ETF , so if you missed the boat last month you ’re in luck .
Though some customer care reps apparently are n’t yet aware of the change , we did confirm it with Sprint so keep trying and as always , contacting them via chat seems to go a bit more smoothly than calling them up .
Do you plan to take advantage of this newly opened door ?
Hit us in the comments section and let us know why .
Thanks , S !
UPDATE : We posted a link to connect to Sprint customer care via chat in the comments but it is apparently buried well enough that people are missing it .
Here are the details :
Go to https://sso.sprintpcs.com/sso/SignOn.do
In the sidebar on the right , click “ Got questions ?
Click to chat . ”
My fellow Americans ( as you like to be called ) , you now have the opportunity to prove that you are not passive slaves , the “ sheeple ” that they say you are .
Over the past few months you ’ve been forced to face the awful fact that you ’ve been robbed blind on a scale that makes the Russian oligarchy look like squeamish Swedish socialists by comparison .
So far , you have n’t done a fucking thing .
Have n’t lifted a finger against them .
The best you can come up with is either suicide ( oo , that ’ll teach the plutocrats not to steal your money and ruin you ! ) or burning your foreclosed houses down ( a nice start , but still , why not burn down the bankers ’ houses ? ) .
But there ’s still time to prove that you ’re not passive , pathetic serfs .
That ’s right Americans , here ’s your chance to prove that you ’re not slaves , that you wo n’t just sit there and take it when they steal from you .
We know who stole everything from you .
They do n’t even hide — they ’re all over the TV networks , bragging , strutting , laughing at you .
We know where they work , and we know what they look like .
They ’re literally asking for it .
Should n’t you , Americans , with your guns and your high and mighty talk about how you protect your rights and your property and your families — should n’t you , like , do something ?
They ’re responsible for throwing you out of work , out of your house , bankrupting your retirement , destroying your life and your family and everything you ’ve worked for .
And they do n’t even hide it !
So , what ’re you gonna do about it ?
Sit there and complain ?
Call another fucking rightwing radio talkshow and kvetch like an old Jewish grandmother ?
Do you have any fucking balls left at all ?
There are so many deserving targets out there — or rather , let ’s call them “ opportunities ” out there to prove that you ’re not the world ’s biggest suckers and most passive , pathetic slaves that the planet has ever hosted .
I ’ll give you one , a real shocker .
Her name is Betsy McCaughey , and she wants to fuck you out of health insurance which you can barely afford anyway–so that she can pocket more wealth , along with her plutocrat health care sponsors .
If you cannot afford the very best health insurance plan in this country — and chances are , you ’re not one of the 10 % of this country who can — then what this means is that BETSY MCCAUGHEY WANTS TO KILL YOU IN ORDER TO ENRICH HERSELF .
Do you get that ?
She wants to kill you .
It worked for her once , in the 1990s , when she convinced enough Americans to believe that getting universal health coverage was not in their interests , helping push America ’s already - low - ranking life expectancy further down the list , making health care less and less affordable .
You let her get away with it in the 1990s — your masters did n’t want their taxes raised in order to make your lives healthier and longer , and you , like slaves , identified with your masters ’ interests over your own interests .
Now she ’s at it again .
Taking money from health care lobbyists in order to try to convince you , who are already suffering and dying because you do n’t have insurance , to continue transferring your money and your health upwards to the super - rich , including her , Betsy McCaughey .
All your survivalist / live - free - or - die lives , you ’ve been packing your house full of weapons in the sad belief that some intruder will come in and give you an opportunity to play the hero .
But that ’s not how it works .
You will not be given that chance .
But that does n’t mean there is n’t an intruder in your house , stealing your money , your pension , your health care , and the roof over your head .
There are intruders , but you ’ll have to go out and find them .
So , here is what I ’m going to ask readers : DOES ANYONE KNOW WHERE BETSY MCCAUGHEY LIVES ?
DOES ANYONE KNOW HER HOME ADDRESS ?
If you do , please send it to us and we ’ll publish it .
Then Americans can prove to Russians that they are not slaves , they do not sit back passively and allow themselves to be killed by vampires like McCaughey .
Americans fight back , right ?
We ’ll see .
Send your information on her address to : ames@exiledonline.com
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal : Rage , Murder and Rebellion from Reagan ’s Workplaces to Clinton ’s Columbine .
You can reach him at ames@exiledonline.com .
Click the cover & buy the book !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. industrial output fell to its lowest level in almost seven years in February and manufacturing in New York state slumped further this month , according to data released on Monday that pointed to a deteriorating economy .
Adding to the economy ’s problems , the Treasury said foreigners were net sellers of U.S. securities in January , a worrying development at a time when the government is rolling out a massive spending plan in an effort to break the 14 - month - long recession .
The Federal Reserve said industrial production fell 1.4 percent last month , following a 1.9 percent drop in January .
It was also worse than market expectations for a 1.1 - percent decline .
Output slid 11.2 percent compared with February 2008 , with the index at 99.7 , the lowest reading since April 2002 , the Fed said .
Wall Street stock indexes largely shrugged off the poor data , but surrendered gains after American Express
Co reported an increase in the number of people battling to make credit card payments .
The Dow Jones industrials edged down 0.10 percent to 7,216 points , ending its four - session winning streak .
Government bond prices also fell , having lost some of their safe - haven appeal to the strong gains in equities for much of the session and the U.S. dollar dropped , with the euro touching a five - week high .
Analysts said the data dashed hopes that the economic recession , which started in December 2007 , is close to finding a bottom .
That optimism had been fanned by a report last week showing a modest decline in February retail sales .
“ Hopes that the U.S. recession is close to ending are not supported by these nasty figures , ” said Roger Kubarych , an economist at Unicredit Markets & Investment Banking in New York .
“ Several more months of declining industrial production are highly probable . ”
Industrial capacity utilization dropped to 70.9 February , matching a December 1982 record low for the series , which dates back to 1967 , from 71.9 in January , the Fed said .
An assembly worker in a file photo .
REUTERS / File
Manufacturing eased 0.7 percent in February after sliding 2.7 percent in January .
The pace of decline slowed due to an increase in the production of motor vehicles and parts after extended plant shutdowns in January , the central bank said .
EXPORTS EVAPORATING
“ The manufacturing sector is still declining as firms struggle to pare inventories and come to grips with lower consumer spending , evaporating exports and the full force of a capital spending downturn , ” said Daniel Meckstroth , chief economist at the Manufacturers Alliance / MAPI .
“ These negative forces are a lot to absorb and it is too early to see a turnaround in the industrial sector .
The best we can say is that the industrial side of the economy is declining at a decelerating rate , ” he added .
Separately , the New York Federal Reserve ’s Empire State factory index showed manufacturing activity in New York State slumped in March , dropping to a record low minus 38.23 in the month from February ’s minus 34.65 .
One silver lining in the report was the six - month expectations gauge of business conditions , which bounced back into positive territory .
But this was coupled with more signs that tight credit conditions were hampering business .
The report ’s new orders and shipments indexes also dropped sharply to record lows .
Investment was suffering as well , with gauges on expectations of capital spending and technology spending falling to their weakest on record .
Housing , which is at the center of the global economic and financial crisis , remains stuck deep in recession .
The NAHB / Wells Fargo Housing Market index was flat at 9 in March , marking a fifth consecutive month of single - digit readings .
There was more bad news for the recession - hit economy , with the Treasury Department saying net overall U.S. capital outflows totaled a record $ 148.9 billion in January .
Demand for long - maturity securities like bonds , notes and equities shifted from an inflow in December .
This comes as the government lays out a $ 787 billion stimulus plan to halt the economy ’s downward spiral .
But there was some comfort in the news that China and Japan -- the largest holders of U.S. securities -- increased their Treasury holdings .
“ The reluctance of foreign investors to buy U.S. assets is a concern for the dollar going forward , ” said Matthew Strauss , senior currency strategist , at RBC Capital Markets in Toronto .
Amazon announced today that it would let publishers decide whether they want the new Kindle e-book device to read their books aloud .
The text - to - speech feature allows Kindle owners to have books read to them in a male or female computerized voice .
The president of the Authors Guild , Roy Blount Jr. , recently contributed an essay to the editorial page of The New York Times laying out the guild ’s objections to the feature , which he said undermined the market for the professional audio books that are sold separately .
Amazon maintains that the feature is legal and that it would in fact increase the market for audio books .
But it said , “ We strongly believe many rights holders will be more comfortable with the text - to - speech feature if they are in the driver ’s seat . ”
Here is the full text of Amazon ’s statement :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The US has announced details of a plan to buy up to $ 1 trillion ( £ 686 bn ) worth of toxic assets to help repair banks ' balance sheets .
The " Public - Private Investment Programme " will purchase the troubled mortgages and securities that have been at the root of the credit crunch .
The Treasury has committed $ 75 bn to $ 100bn to the programme and said the private sector would also contribute .
On Wall Street key share indexes soared by up to 7 % on the news .
The widely followed Dow Jones index gained nearly 500 points or 6.8 % to close at 7,775 points , while the wider S&P 500 index was up 7.1 % or 54 points to reach 823 .
Technology shares on the Nasdaq index ended the day up 99 points or 6.8 % , at 1,556 .
" The actions that we 're getting ... are very helpful in removing the sand from the gears " of the financial system , said Alan Gayle of Ridgeworth Investments .
' Long way to go ' President Barack Obama said the move was a vital step forward .
" The good news is that we have one more critical element in our recovery , " he said .
Timothy Geithner 's partnership with the private sector to buy impaired assets is considerably less ambitious than Alistair Darling 's asset protection scheme
Robert Peston , BBC business editor
Read Robert Peston 's blog " But we 've still got a long way to go . "
The Treasury said the plan would help the financial system recover .
US banks still hold many mortgage - related assets that they cannot value or sell .
Having so many of so - called toxic assets on their books has made them reluctant to lend , causing the financial system to freeze up , and pushing the economy further into recession .
Detailed plan " This approach is superior to the alternatives of either hoping for banks to gradually work these assets off their books or of the government purchasing the assets directly , " the Treasury said .
" Simply hoping for banks to work legacy assets off over time risks prolonging the financial crisis , " it added .
The $ 75bn to $ 100bn will come from the Treasury 's $ 700 bn Troubled Asset Relief Program ( Tarp ) , which has already been approved by Congress .
This money will be used to fund the government 's purchase of assets .
To encourage private investors to take part in the scheme , low - interest loans and guarantees will be offered to private investors via the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp - a government agency that backs bank deposits .
HOW IT WILL WORK IN PRACTICE Bank seeks to sell pool of mortgages worth $ 100 Private auction decides that asset is now worth $ 84 Private investor and government put up $ 6 each
They then borrow remaining $ 72 from government
That loan is guaranteed against any losses
If asset is later sold at higher price , government makes profit and private investor pays back loan and pockets profit .
If asset is sold at lower price , government and private investors could lose initial investment .
Source : US Treasury
This means that the private investors , which the US hopes will include private equity , individual investors , pension plans and insurance companies , will shoulder relatively little risk , with 93 % borne by the government .
The programme initially aims to buy $ 500bn of toxic assets , with the potential to expand up to $ 1 trillion .
" Over time , by providing a market for these assets that does not now exist , this programme will help improve assets values , increase lending capacity by banks , and reduce uncertainty about the scale of losses on bank balance sheets , " US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner wrote in the Wall Street Journal before the programme was officially announced .
Analysts welcomed the plan but said that a number of questions remained unanswered .
Paul Ashworth , an economist at Capital Economics , said the success of the programme depended on the willingness of private investors to take part .
" And , just as importantly , the willingness of the owners of these distressed securities and loans to sell at the price that investors are ready to pay , " he added .
Several leading pensions funds have already indicated that they are interested in investing in the proposed scheme .
Alternative approach HOW ASSETS BECAME TOXIC
Banks own large amount of US mortgages or complex financial instruments ( securities ) based on US mortgages
Due to the bursting of the US housing bubble in 2007 , many of the loans are very unlikely to be paid back by borrowers Investors desperately try to sell - off mortgages and mortgage - backed securities
But as prices decline and investors realise the risk , potential buyers disappear , causing the market for these assets to seize up Wider impact :
Banks stop lending to each other because their assets are worth less so they can't afford to do deals , and because the lack of clarity about value of these assets causes crisis of confidence Government plan aims to kick - start the market for these mortgage - related assets and get the wider financial system working
Financial jargon explained Timeline : US government bail - outs Mr Geithner added that the plan was needed because the US financial system as a whole was " still working against recovery " and " many banks , still burdened by bad lending decisions , are holding back on providing credit " .
He said that encouraging the private sector to take part would be better for the taxpayer as the risks of purchasing toxic assets would be shared .
BBC business editor Robert Peston said the aim of the plan is to remove as many bad assets as possible from banks ' balance sheets .
This should mean that banks become less anxious about future write - offs and become more confident that they have the capital resources to re-start lending .
It is an alternative approach to that taken by the UK Treasury , which has used taxpayers ' money to insure Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group against future losses on some £ 600bn of poor loans and investments , he added .
Stocks rise
The markets have been eagerly awaiting the details of the US plan to tackle bank 's toxic assets , which have been seen as a drag on world recovery .
We have fallen into the habit of taking the term ' toxic ' a bit too literally
Stephanie Flanders , BBC economics editor
Read Stephanie 's blog Q&A : How the latest plan will work Stocks rose worldwide on hopes that the plan would go some way to cleaning up the world financial system .
The price of crude oil also hit its highest in almost four months at close to $ 53 a barrel on optimism the plan would help the US climb out of recession .
The plan was originally announced in February , shortly after Mr Geithner took up his post as Treasury Secretary but details were scant on how it would work .
The Bush administration abandoned its earlier plans to buy up toxic assets in October 2008 , and decided instead to use funds from the Tarp programme to take stakes in banks .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The first virtual reality headset that can stimulate all five senses has been developed .
What was it really like to live in Ancient Egypt ?
What did the streets there actually look , sound and smell like ?
For decades , Virtual Reality has held out the hope that , one day , we might be able visit all kinds of places and periods as ' virtual ' tourists .
To date , though , Virtual Reality devices have not been able to stimulate simultaneously all five senses with a high degree of realism .
Scientists from the Universities of York and Warwick now believe they have been able to pinpoint the necessary expertise to make this possible , in a project called ' Towards Real Virtuality ' .
' Real Virtuality ' is a term coined by the project team to highlight their aim of providing a ' real ' experience in which all senses are stimulated in such a way that the user has a fully immersive perceptual experience , during which s/he cannot tell whether or not it is real .
Teams at York and Warwick now aim to link up with experts at the Universities of Bangor , Bradford and Brighton to develop the ' Virtual Cocoon ' – a new Real Virtuality device that can stimulate all five senses much more realistically than any other current or prospective device .
For the user the ' Virtual Cocoon ' will consist of a headset incorporating specially developed electronics and computing capabilities .
It could help unlock the full potential benefits of Real Virtuality in fields such as education , business and environmental protection .
advertisement
A mock - up of the Virtual Cocoon will be on display at ' Pioneers 09 ' , an EPSRC showcase event to be held at London 's Olympia Conference Centre on March 4 .
Professor David Howard of the University of York , lead scientist on the initiative , says : " Virtual Reality projects have typically only focused on one or two of the five senses – usually sight and hearing .
We 're not aware of any other research group anywhere else in the world doing what we plan to do .
" Smell will be generated electronically via a new technique being pioneered by Alan Chalmers and his team at Warwick which will deliver a pre-determined smell recipe on - demand .
Taste and smell are closely linked but we intend to provide a texture sensation relating to something being in the mouth .
Tactile devices will provide touch . "
A key objective will be to optimise the way all five senses interact , as in real life .
The team also aim to make the Virtual Cocoon much lighter , more comfortable and less expensive than existing devices , as a result of the improved computing and electronics they develop .
There has been considerable public debate on health & safety as well as on ethical issues surrounding Real Virtuality , since this kind of technology fundamentally involves immersing users in virtual environments that separate them from the real world .
Professor David Howard says : " In addition to the technical development of the Virtual Cocoon , we aim to closely evaluate the full , far - reaching economic and other implications of more widespread application of Real Virtuality technologies for society as a whole . "
Funding was provided by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council .
The passage of the $ 787 billion stimulus bill has so far failed to stimulate anything but greater market pessimism .
This suggests to us that the strategy behind the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act is wrong -- and worse , that the weapons it is using to fight the recession are obsolete .
Just as generals are notorious for fighting the last war , Congress and the White House seem intent on fixing an economy of hidebound and obsolete companies and industries , while ignoring the innovative ones rising before us and those waiting ...
rené van zuuk is a dutch architect based in the city of almere .
he founded his own studio in 1993 and has worked on a variety of projects ranging from infrastructure to housing and museums .
like most architects , van zuuk decided to design is own home , in his case titled ‘ project x ’.
the 215m2 home is actually located right next to the architect ’s first residence in almere ’s ‘ the fantasy ’ experimental housing district .
the first home now serves as the firm ’s offices and is now connected to can zuuk ’s family home by a garden .
the new home is located right on the side of a canal and the bottom floor is dropped down to give the feeling of living on water .
the upper portion of the home is on ground level and features a cladding that is made up of cement tiles that feature a branch patter .
windows are incorporated wherever possible to let light in .
thin windows separate the floors while the bottom floor features an full corner of light .
the homes form and various design decisions were influenced in large part by the specifications of the dutch building decree .
http://www.renevanzuuk.nl
photographs by christian richters
( CNN ) -- Starbucks , better known for amusingly complicated premium coffee offerings , took a cue from fast - food chains and announced a plan Monday to sell pairings of coffee and breakfast for $ 3.95 , citing the economic downturn .
Will that be a breakfast sandwich or a roll with your coffee ?
Starbucks says it 's offering breakfast pairings .
With the $ 3.95 breakfast offer , customers will be able to get a 12 - ounce coffee with a breakfast sandwich or roll or a 12 - ounce latte with either oatmeal or a coffee cake .
The company called the latest promotion an extension of various other recent Starbucks offers , including a loyalty card and discounting 16 - ounce cold drinks to customers who made a purchase at Starbucks that morning .
But the move may be more targeted to drawing back business lost to more cost efficient retailers like McDonald 's and Dunkin ' Donuts .
Starbucks reported a profit of 9 cents per share in the last quarter of 2008 , compared to a 28 cents per share profit a year earlier .
The company announced last month it was slashing 6,700 jobs and closing 300 stores on top of the 600 stores it shut down in 2008 .
Over the last two decades , Starbucks transformed coffee from a commodity drink into a luxury item , growing into a chain with over 10,000 cafes internationally .
But sales have taken a hit in the recession .
In an interview with the Wall Street Journal , Howard Schultz , the company 's chief executive , said the economic environment " is a reset of both economic and social behavior . "
Research done by William Blair & Co. suggests Starbucks ' price premium " has nearly evaporated over the past 18 months , with pricing now largely on par with Dunkin ' Donuts . "
The survey found that when adjusted for size differences , some varieties of Starbucks coffee were cheaper than Dunkin ' Donuts .
According to the research , McDonald 's is still cheaper , but the price gap has narrowed since 2007 .
Blair & Co. also predicted that a trend downward in same store sales in 2008 would continue in 2009 .
Michelle King , a spokesperson for Dunkin ' Donuts , told CNN the company still believes it is " the faster and more affordable alternative . "
Calls to McDonald 's were not immediately returned .
Any applicative functor can be given numeric instances in a boilerplate way .
The applicative - numbers package provides an include file that makes it a snap to define these instances .
See Data .
Numeric .
Function for an example .
Project wiki page : http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/applicative-numbers
Copyright 2009 - 2013 Conal Elliott ; BSD3 license .
Instances of Num classes for applicative functors .
To be #include 'd after defining APPLICATIVE as the applicative functor name and CONSTRAINTS as a list of constraints , which must carry its own trailing comma if non-empty .
The APPLICATIVE symbol gets #undef 'd at the end of the include file , so that multiple includes are convenient .
For instance ,
# define INSTANCE_Ord #define INSTANCE_Enum #define APPLICATIVE Vec2 #include " ApplicativeNumeric - inc.hs " # define APPLICATIVE Vec3 #include " ApplicativeNumeric - inc.hs " # define APPLICATIVE Vec4 #include " ApplicativeNumeric - inc.hs "
You 'll also have to import pure and lift A2 from Control .
Applicative and specify the FlexibleContexts language extension ( due to an implementation hack ) .
An anti-gay Christian preacher and his daughter have been barred from entering Britain .
Reverend Fred Phelps , founder of the Westboro Baptist Church in Kansas , was going to the UK to protest a performance of the play ' The Laramie Project ' , which highlights the brutal murder of a young gay man in Wyoming .
The British government said Rev Phelps and his daughter Shirley Phelps - Roper could spread ' extremism and hatred ' .
' Both these individuals have engaged in unacceptable behaviour by inciting hatred against a number of communities , ' a Home Office spokeswoman said .
' We will continue to stop those who want to spread extremism , hatred and violent messages in our communities from coming to our country . '
Rev Phelps believes the United States is doomed for tolerating homosexuals , that military deaths in conflicts such as Iraq are god 's punishment and organises regular protests at events around the country .
His church achieved notoriety for picketing the funerals of US servicemen .
On its web site godhatesfags.com , the church said it planned to picket a performance of ' The Laramie Project ' tomorrow at Queen Mary 's College in London .
The play recounts the death of gay university student Matthew Shepard who was killed in Laramie , Wyoming , in October 1998 .
Rev Phelps and members of his church , mainly made up of his extended family , staged a protest at Shepard 's funeral .
' God hates the Queen Mary 's College , and the fag - infested UK , England , and all having to do with spreading sodomite lies via The Laramie Project , this tacky bit of cheap fag propaganda masquerading as legitimate theater , ' the church 's web site said .
British campaigner Peter Tatchell , founder of gay rights group Outrage ! , said Rev Phelps and his family should not be banned .
' With their extremist views , they discredit themselves and also bring great shame to the Christian religion , ' he said .
In January , Suze Orman , the blonde financial adviser who 's all over TV telling you to cut up your credit cards , went on " Oprah " to discuss how to cope with the recession .
Orman recommended not eating in restaurants for a month .
The appalled National Restaurant Association pointed out that if every " Oprah " watcher took this advice , it would cost 53,000 jobs .
But what are we supposed to do ?
Hoard our pennies , or spend them ?
For decades we 've been told -- correctly -- that we 're a profligate people with a profligate government , all living beyond our means .
Some day , they said ( okay , okay , I , among many others , said ) that we would pay for all this profligacy .
Now the black day has arrived , and we 're told that the best way out of this mess is for the government to shovel money out the door even faster than before , with preference given to projects that can spend it as quickly as possible .
There has been less emphasis on what we , as individuals , should do .
President Obama ducked the question at his news conference last week .
But logic suggests that we should be gluing those credit cards back together .
The government is actually going to pay us to buy a new house or car .
Borrow and spend , borrow and spend is what got us into this mess .
Apparently , borrow and spend will get us out of it .
It sounds too good to be true , but it is true .
By now we all know about the " paradox of thrift " :
If everyone stops spending because times are bad , times get even worse .
An economist writing in the New York Times the other day addressed the wonderfully inverted problem of people who feel guilty about not spending enough .
His advice :
Do n't feel guilty about saving money , because it 's the government 's job , not yours , to make sure that we spend enough .
But what if you do n't feel guilty about reckless borrowing and spending ?
What if you actually enjoy it ?
This has been a more common attitude in recent years .
Is it still okay ?
Or does the medicine have to taste bad to be any good ?
And can we rely on the government to spend enough ?
This also seems like a wonderfully upside - down problem .
The answer is , apparently not .
We 're going to need a second stimulus package , probably a third chapter of the bank bailout , more for the auto industry and others .
It 's all going to cost at least two or three trillion .
If it works , it will be money well spent .
If it does n't work , that means we should have spent more .
Trouble is , money well spent is still money spent .
The reasons that made it a bad idea to run up all that debt have n't disappeared just because something even worse came along .
Almost no one in Washington is talking about this .
Since 1981 , Republicans have run up massive deficits and Democrats have discovered fiscal responsibility .
Now they 're all having too much fun reverting to type .
Republicans reject the Keynesian premise that the money is being well spent because it is being spent .
Too zen for them , or something .
For some Democrats , meanwhile , the very fact that a program is costly has magically become an argument in its favor .
But even if the stimulus is a magnificent success , the money still has to be paid back .
The plan of record apparently is that we keep borrowing , spending and stimulating , faster and faster , until suddenly , on some signal from heaven or Timothy Geithner , we all stop spending and start saving in recordbreaking amounts .
Oh sure , that will work .
There is another way .
If it 's not the actual , secret plan , it will be an overwhelming temptation :
Do n't pay the money back .
So far , even as one piggy bank after another astounds us with its emptiness , there have been only the faintest whispers about the possibility of an actual default by the U.S. government .
Somewhat louder whispers can be heard , though , about the gradual default known as inflation .
Just three or four years of currency erosion at , say , 10 percent a year would slice the real value of our debt -- public and private , U.S. bonds and jumbo mortgages -- in half .
Anyone who regards the prospect of double - digit inflation with insouciance is either too young to have lived through it the last time ( the late 1970s ) or too old to remember .
Among other problems , inflation works only as a surprise or betrayal .
It can never be part of any public , official plan .
Plan for 10 percent inflation , and you 'll get 20 .
Plan for 20 and you 'll need a wheelbarrow to pay for your morning Starbucks .
But if that 's not the plan , what is ?
Michael Kinsley is resuming a weekly column in The Post .
His e-mail address is kinsleym@washpost.com .
hilarious
Bloomberg
" A growing number of Americans are stocking the basement with Spam and
marketable gold , while they peek out from behind the curtains with their firearm
of choice , ” analysts led by Chris Mier in Chicago wrote in a Feb. 26 note .
“ Hormel ’s plants are now running on weekends to keep up with demand . "
As a " bizarre indicator " of end of days , Bloomberg shows a chart comparing the YTD returns of gold , gunmaker Strum Ruger and Spam shares , compared to the S&P500 , juxtaposing it with consumer confidence .
Solaris Asset Management CIO
Tim Ghriskey says , “ If people believe the end of the world is coming and we ’re in for anarchy , people are going to load up on weapons and Spam for their fallout shelters . "
Not surprisingly , Strum Ruger Q4 revenue jumped 72 % , with a comparable ramp up in sales for Smith & Wesson .
One could argue Q4 sales increase on expectations of stricter gun laws by Obama , however as analyst Eric Wold says " In recessionary times , people get concerned about safety , concerned about potential break - ins .
You see gun sales ramp up on that . "
Kedrosky and his take on Pascal 's wager in light of a possible apocalypse
Some more random musing by Pauland his take on Pascal 's wager in light of a possible apocalypse here
In a piece that would beif it was n't serious , discloses that as a result of crushed consumer confidence , more and more Americans are preparing for the metaphorical ( and literal ) end of days .
Reports : Clinton to accept Secretar of State offer John Byrne
Published : Thursday November 20 , 2008
Print This Email This President - elect Barack Obama will name Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton ( D - N.Y. ) as his secretary of State shortly after Thanksgiving , two senior Obama aides told Politico 's Mike Allen late Thursday .
AP confirmed quickly thereafter .
The New York Times reported Friday that Clinton would accept the offer .
A transition aide " told The Associated Press that the two camps have worked out financial disclosure issues involving Clinton 's husband , former President Bill Clinton , and the complicated international funding of his foundation that operates in 27 countries .
The aide said Obama and Hillary Clinton have had substantive conversations about the secretary of state job . "
Politico's Allen said Clinton was " likely to accept , " though Clinton aides did n't respond to a request for comment .
Clinton 's aides have been broadly leaking information about her potential nomination to media outlets .
Former President Bill Clinton authorized unprecedented disclosures about his finances to Obama 's vetting team , and transition lawyers are satisfied , officials told Allen .
Clinton vigorously contested Obama for the Democratic nomination for the presidency .
The Obama team has been plagued by leaks in recent weeks as news of probably nominees have flooded into reporters ' ears .
In a front page story Friday , the Washington Post opined about a campaign that had run a tight ship -- which has of late been springing leaks as it arrives in Washington .
Previous leak " control has all but dissolved in the leak - centric world of Washington , " the Post said .
" Every day since Nov. 4 , the president - elect 's transition staff has alerted reporters of planned activities for Obama and Biden .
And invariably , those events have been more or less ignored in favor of the latest leak of a selection for the Cabinet or White House staff . "
" There is nothing they can do about it -- vetting and FBI background checks require a lot of calls , and that leads to leaks , " Steve Elmendorf , a longtime aide to former House minority leader Richard Gephardt ( D - MO ) and now a lobbyist in Washington , told the paper .
By : Derek Yu
On : February 20th , 2009
For being a platformer called “ ” http://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=4821.msg156004#msg156004
">Jumpman , " this is one of the freshest games I ’ve played recently .
The most obvious comparison is messhof ’s Punishment series , but this feels much more multidimensional ( in more ways than one ) .
There are some really interesting ideas at play here , and some of the best ones are in the later stages .
To quote the author :
The hope is to try to make you believe that every 2600 - era platformer would have looked like this if only you ’d pulled the camera back about 4 feet .
Like , every old game had something where you could walk off one side of the screen and suddenly appear on the other , right ?
What was actually happening there ?
Did space in the world where Pac - Man lives just happen to loop back on itself every ten feet ?
What would happen if you just took the camera and turned it a little bit to the right , would you see Pac - Man duplicated every 10 feet stretching off into the distance forever … ?
Jumpman makes me think that being a character in an Atari game is like being a character in the movie Cube .
Disturbing !
TIGdb : Entry for Jumpman
Like a fine wine , game consoles mature with
Most Memorable Graphical Jump :
This is the game with visuals so good it changed the way you viewed the console .
Suddenly , the true power of the system was revealed , and previous expectations were left in the dust .
This is the game with visuals so good it changed the way you viewed the console .
Suddenly , the true power of the system was revealed , and previous expectations were left in the dust .
Technical Excellence :
This is the game that best capitalised on the hardware from a visual standpoint .
This is a developer who knows the system inside out eking every last ounce of performance and eye candy .
This is the game that best capitalised on the hardware from a visual standpoint .
This is a developer who knows the system inside out eking every last ounce of performance and eye candy .
Serving A Creative Vision :
This game used visuals to serve a highly creative end or in conjunction with an expansive concept .
This game used visuals to serve a highly creative end or in conjunction with an expansive concept .
Worst Visuals :
This is the game that best showed how not to work the hardware .
Bear in mind we 're choosing winners for this category from well - known games – every system has truly awful obscure releases , but we want to shame developers that should have done – and known - better .
This feature is focused exclusively on graphics .
We 're going to take a stroll through every console designed for 3D graphics and hand out four awards to games that pushed the envelope .
They are :
In Part 2 we 'll be checking out the Dreamcast , PS2 , Xbox and GameCube , then the final instalment will wrap things up with the PS3 , Xbox 360 and Wii .
Apologies to PC and arcade gamers that we 're not tackling your platforms of choice , but this set of features is all about looking at closed systems .
Let 's get on with the show ...
PlayStation
Most Memorable Graphical Jump
Winner : Metal Gear Solid Released : Sept 1998 ( JP ) , Oct 1998 ( US ) , Feb 1999 ( PAL ) Metal Gear Solid was n't just one of the most mature games in content on its release , it was one of the most mature in presentation too .
It depicted realistic environments and characters with confidence – the style spoke where the muted colour scheme did n't .
Metal Gear Solid also made the bold step of presenting all cutscenes using the in - game engine – a big statement not only on the strength of the graphics in the game , but in the need to keep players immersed in the gameworld .
A big visual step up from other games at the time , and utterly memorable .
Technical Excellence
Winner : Tekken 3 Released : May 1998 ( JP ) , Oct 1998 ( US ) , Nov 1998 ( PAL ) One of the only games at the time to run at the maximum resolution of the PlayStation – NTSC 640x480 ( most PlayStation games ran at NTSC 320x240 ) , Tekken 3 leapt out of the screen at the player .
Characters may still have been quite blocky , but the game ran at a silky smooth frame rate , the loading times ( as with all early Tekken games ) were close to non-existent and the conversion from the System 12 arcade board was impressive .
This was an awesome showcase for the system .
Serving A Creative Vision
Winner : Final Fantasy VII Released : Jan 1997 ( JP ) , June 1997 ( US ) Final Fantasy VII was epic in every sense of the word , but the presentation truly took the medium – and the PlayStation - to new heights .
Gameplay featured polygonal characters on gorgeous pre-rendered backdrops ( so yes , there 's a 2D component ) , while battles showed off some impressively over - the - top spell animations .
The game 's more than 40 minutes of FMV were the icing on the cake , and truly jaw dropping for the era .
FFVII represented an all - round visual package that tied in wonderfully with the story Squaresoft was trying to tell and the tone it was trying to capture .
Worst Visuals
Winner : The Simpsons Wrestling Released : April 2001 ( US ) , Mar 2001 ( PAL ) Words really can't describe just how wretched this game was .
The Simpsons Wrestling was obviously made with very little time , very little money and very little support from Fox – it had none of the perks that you would assume working on a license like The Simpsons would bring .
It certainly did n't look or feel finished either .
Shocking character animation , clipping and frame rates were just a few of the problems .
Ugly , awful and cynical .
The Simpsons + Wrestling ?
Give us a break .
Click through to the next page for the best and worst awards for Saturn and N64 .
Did you ever think you ’d see the day when Republicans argued in favor of nationalizing the banking industry .
Well , you made it :
Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina of the Senate Budget Committee said today on “ This Week ” that he is open to “ nationalizing the banks . ”
“ I think if you put most of our major banks under a ‘ stress test , ’ they ’re going to fail , ” Graham told me .
“ This idea of nationalizing bank is not comfortable but I think we have got so many toxic assets spread throughout the banking and financial community throughout the world that we ’re going to have to do something that no one ever envisioned a year ago , no one likes , ” he said .
“ To me banking and housing are the root cause of this program , ” Graham said .
“ I would not take off [ the table ] the idea of nationalizing the banks . ”
However Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York argued against nationalizing the nation ’s banks .
“ You can have a big , bold plan without nationalization , ” Schumer said .
Just Don`t Miss
The Best XXX Videos
Hot Teen Girlfriends
Most popular xxx videos
Best Public XXX Videos
In Case You Missed It ...
Most Searched Tags
Dont Miss This Sites
LUANDA , Angola , March 24 , 2009  --
It 's hard to get your head around Angola 's capital city , Luanda , on a short trip , especially when traveling with the pope .
We travel in bus motorcades that hurtle along the bumpy streets well in advance of the pope , and we glean what little we can through the window as we race by .
Sometimes we can snatch brief conversations with local people and get a chance to look around while waiting for the pope to arrive at a ceremony , but there is usually very little time to walk about the city like real tourists .
At first glance , Luanda looks like an immense construction site , tall , modern buildings going up everywhere among the old , abandoned , low Portuguese - colonial style houses and the overpopulated , ugly Soviet - style tower blocks .
Some of the old buildings have been spruced up , but these are all ministries or official buildings .
Socialist - style statues of the country 's past heroes stand surrounded by the busy building sites and towered over by the skyscrapers .
The streets are littered with piles of trash while water and what looks and often smells like sewers flow along the badly kept roads .
Water pours from the buildings above , too , as you walk along the pavement and have to dart to avoid it falling on your head .
You hope that the water is from the ancient air - conditioning units that are plastered on every house facade and not from something more unsavory .
Luanda is striving to be Africa 's Dubai and looks like it is in a rush to get there .
All the roads are filled puzzlingly with huge sparkling new SUVs and fancy cars driven by Angolans and foreigners alike , and there seem to be newly opened banks -- none that I 've ever heard of -- on every street downtown .
A young boy raced a bright new motorcycle along the seafront where the palms , now all stunted spindly trunks , are planted in a row along what is meant to be a promenade .
Some people are definitely on the make here ; one forgets that Angola is the second - largest petroleum and diamond producer in sub-Saharan Africa .
The Chinese won most of the lucrative rebuilding projects after the war .
Some say Angola is now China 's biggest supplier of oil , but most of the profitable business is currently in the hands of the Portuguese , Brazilians and the Dutch .
The city has had a massive population boom with people flocking here from the countryside ; the number of declared residents went from 800,000 just a few years ago to 6 million in 2008 .
The city is now made up of pockets of wealth and poverty ; the poorest live in the crowded slum of Rocque Santeiro while thousands also live surrounded by garbage in the Lixeira area .
One has to remember that Angolans have only lived in peace for the past seven years after suffering through 27 years of a bloody civil war between the government and U.S. - backed rebel forces .
The result was 500,000 people killed and 80,000 maimed , the country 's infrastructure totally destroyed and the country peppered with land mines .
Today , 48 percent of Angolans are unemployed and 60 percent of the homes lack water and electricity .
The country still has the second - highest rate of infant mortality in the world and a third of the children under the age of 5 die .
Angola 's Fast Growing Economy
There are signs that the country is slowly starting to pick itself up after the war ; some Angolans have returned to farming , but the country still has to buy all its food from abroad .
Amazingly , however , through all these changes , Angola 's President Jose Eduardo dos Santos has clung on to power for 29 years after running for election once .
It is hard to stomach the fact that a country that is so wealthy in oil and diamonds and is one of the fastest - growing economies in the world can still have people living in such dreadful conditions and on an average of less than $ 2 as day , and the wealth just is n't trickling down from the elite .
Some of it reportedly is being siphoned off : According to the International Monetary Fund , more than $ 4 billion in oil receipts have disappeared from Angola 's treasury in the last decade .
Even if you are intrigued , I would n't recommend going to Angola for a holiday anytime soon , because , surprisingly , Angola is one of the most expensive countries for a foreigner to visit .
The hotel we stayed in , which was not one of the famous international chains , cost $ 380 a night .
Our buffet lunch at the hotel cost a fixed $ 79 , and a large bottle of water cost $ 8 .
It was n't much better if you left the hotel though .
A meal for four people by the sea in an open Angolan " Buddha - bar - style " disco restaurant cost $ 300 .
Other hotels that cater to foreign visitors cost just as much .
Even more surprising is they are all full all the time , so you have to book at least two months in advance .
We were told that renting a 300 - square - foot apartment costs about $ 12,000 a month , add a garden and you 're up to $ 36,000 a month , with daily water rationing and frequent power cuts included .
I could n't work out who the other people staying in our hotel were ; they could have been traders , builders , investors or contractors .
Most of them lounged about looking bored as they spent their Sunday at the hotel bar eating hamburgers and drinking beer , or by the pool with their cell phones constantly within reach .
Aside from the press traveling with the pope , only a few foreign reporters came to Angola to cover the trip .
Journalists rarely make it to Angola these days .
Not many news organizations can afford to send reporters there and though cell phones work , Internet connections are very poor , making reporting difficult .
Angolan authorities are n't particularly friendly to journalists , either .
We got a taste of their kind of welcome when we went through a lengthy security check to get into the presidential palace for the pope 's speech to Angolan political leaders and international diplomats , including the U.S. ambassador .
Pope 's Visit to Angola
We were led through the palace and back outside and left standing in front of the building for almost three hours while inside the pope made the most politically important speech of his whole trip !
A few members of the well - trained Angolan press looked as if they were going to weep for missing the story they were sent to cover , while the Vatican press corps got increasingly irate in the torrid heat .
Our various vocal protests were totally disregarded or rebuffed .
We were told nobody had been informed that we were meant to be admitted .
The Vatican insisted that everyone had been informed and lodged an official complaint .
Most of the Angolans I spoke to throughout our visit seemed to be disturbingly afraid of something , and wary .
They do n't seem to trust authorities or the police .
" There 's not much freedom of press here , " I was told in a hushed voice by a local at a ceremony , " but best you not write that . "
In Cameroon , the first stop on the pope 's African trip , he was greeted with people dancing and singing , but the Angolans welcomed him in a different way .
They cheered and engulfed him chaotically as he drove by wherever he went .
As he left the airport on the day he arrived , his motorcade was suddenly surrounded by a swarm of cheering Angolans , many of whom ran alongside the pope mobile for miles as he drove past the crowds lining the route to the city center .
This is the second papal visit to Angola .
Pope John Paul II visited in 1992 and traveled around the country for six days .
Although statistics conflict , according to the Catholic Church , about 57 percent of the population of Angola is Catholic , one of the highest percentages in Africa .
A former Portuguese colony before it became independent in 1975 , it was evangelized by missionaries more than 500 years ago , and it is apparent that Catholicism has deep roots here now .
The night we arrived , the street outside our hotel was blocked for almost an hour by a procession of thousands of people -- mostly women -- singing prayers and carrying candles as they walked to a prayer vigil that was held in a nearby church .
The 81 - year - old pontiff , who stood up to the more than 90 - degree temperatures in Luanda amazingly well , seemed genuinely moved by the warm response .
He ended his visit to Angola with a special meeting with women in a church in Hoji - ya - henda , a densely populated area on the outskirts of Luanda .
A few Pope Benedict posters had been taped crookedly onto the walls along the dirt road that led to the simple , recently painted church that included a primary school and small infirmary complex .
People perched dangerously on walls and on top of trucks to get a glimpse of the pope arriving .
Riot police dressed in black uniforms with helmets and shields stood about , along with policemen with dogs , and soldiers walked along the edge of the crowds in the sweltering heat .
Crowd control consisted of a line of young scouts in uniform holding hands along the front of the gathering .
They were used throughout the visit for this purpose .
Women and The Catholic Church
A large , dignified crowd of Angolan women from various women 's associations awaited the pope in front of the church .
You could distinguish women from the different associations by the pattern of cloth they wore .
Most belonged to the largest Angolan association for the promotion of women called Promaica , which has 71,000 members in Africa and is linked to the Catholic Church .
" The women are the true strength of this country , " Sister Marlise Heckler , a Brazilian nun who has been working in Angola for 10 years now , told me .
" There are many more women than men in Angola because so many men lost their lives in the war , and they have to put this country back together again . "
When I asked a group of women in the church what were the biggest problems for women in their country , they immediately said " domestic violence " and then added unemployment , hunger and illiteracy .
In his formal way , the pope tried to address their problems .
But as he did throughout the trip , he spoke more about the Gospel than about their specific problems .
He did stress , though , that discrimination against women " forms no part of God 's plan . "
I never got a chance to ask the women what they thought of the pope 's words .
They all listened in silence when he spoke :
Some seemed awed , others seemed bored .
We were whisked out of the church to our buses as soon as the pope left , but the women were still singing and waving the photos of Pope Benedict they 'd been given as we pulled away .
EACH morning , as the breakfast dishes are cleared , Nick Melvin escapes the kitchen at the Inn at Serenbe , where he is the executive chef , and drives five minutes down a country road to a sumptuous 25 - acre organic farm .
There he examines the collards and the mache , the sunchoke and the carrots , and decides what looks best for that night ’s table and next week ’s menu at the Farmhouse , Serenbe ’s acclaimed restaurant .
Since opening in Palmetto , Ga. , in June 2006 , the Farmhouse has become a Southeastern showcase for the country ’s growing farm - to - table movement , winning accolades for food that is both innovative and authentic .
The same ethos , it would seem , infuses just about everything in Serenbe , a utopian experiment in New Urbanism being molded out of red Georgia clay , about 30 miles southwest of downtown Atlanta .
In just a few years , this idyllic community — which aspires to be something of a Sonoma for the New South ( though without the wine ) — has become a destination for Atlantans in search of a day trip with the kids or a getaway without them .
My wife , Dina , and I recently took the latter course , and quickly discovered a refuge that washed away the stresses of city living within minutes of arrival , after an hour ’s drive through Atlanta ’s ever - worsening traffic .
Despite only word - of - mouth advertising , it is increasingly attracting visitors from afar , some on extended layovers at nearby Hartsfield - Jackson Atlanta International Airport .
Serenbe defies easy description , and is perhaps best understood through the story of its creation .
In 1991 , Steve and Marie Nygren , an Atlanta couple with deep roots in the city ’s culinary life , took their three daughters for a ride in the country .
The trip was prompted by the advertisement of a farm for sale , and the family ended up buying the 60 - acre parcel , with its 1905 farmhouse and rolling terrain , as a weekend home .
zsh - lovers
この文書につい て
http://grml.org/zsh/zsh-lovers.html の和訳です
誤字 , 誤訳など有りました ら
http://twitter.com/hamano まで
名前
zsh - lovers - Z shell の為のチップスやトリックや用 例
概要
これを読んでね . ;-)
要約
私たちが zsh のマニュアルを読む度、用例やシェル生活における単純な通例が無いことに驚嘆します。 zshは多くの機能を持ちます、しかしmanページには( procmailex ( 5 ) の様な ) 用例が在りません。 それが私たちがこのmanページを書いた理由です。
大部分のトリックとonelinerはzsh-usersメーリングリスト、zsh-workers、google、ニュースグーループと私たちから生まれました。 詳しくはLINKSセクションを見てください。
注意 : この manペー ジ( zsh - lovers ( 1 ) ) は
Z shell の公式の一部では在りません !
これはまさに冗談半分の manページです ;)
コメントやバグレポートやフィードバックに関してはバグセクションにざっと目を通してください。
シェルスクリプティン グ
このセクションでは度々必要になるちょっとしたシェルスクリプトの用例を載せています。
ほとんどの用例はうまく動かなかったり、使ってはいけないことに注意してください。
シェルスクリプトでオプションを解析してください。 用例 はAdam Chodorowskiさん のZWSからの引用です ( http://www.chodorowski.com/projects/zws/):
parse_options ( ) { o_port= ( - p 9999 ) o_root= ( -r WWW ) o_log= (-d ZWS.log ) zparseopts -K -- p:=o_port r:=o_root l:=o_log h=o_help if [ [ $ ? != 0 || " $o_help " != " " ] ] ; then echo Usage : $ ( basename " $ 0 " ) " [ - p PORT ] [ - r DIRECTORY ] " exit 1 fi port=$o_port [ 2 ] root=$o_root [ 2 ] log=$o_log [ 2 ] if [ [ $ root [ 1 ] != '/' ] ] ; then root = " $ PWD / $ root " ; fi } # now use the function : parse_options $*
用例
利用可能なサブセクションは、エイリアス、補完、未分類で種々様々な用例、(再帰的な)グロビング用例、モディファイアの使い方、リダイレクション用例、ZMV用例、モジュール用例などです。
エイリア ス
接尾辞のエイリアスはzshのversion 4.2.0以降でサポートされます。 幾つかの例 :
alias -s tex=vim alias -s html=w3 m alias -s org=w3 m
これによって、foobar.texを入力したのちリターンキーを押すとfoobar.texと共にvimが起動します。
htmlファイルを呼ぶことでw3mブラウザが起動します。 www.zsh.orgと入力しエンターを押すと、引数www.zsh.orgと共にw3mが起動します。
グローバルエイリアスはコマンドラインのどこでも使用することが出来ます。
例:
$ alias -g C='| wc - l ' $ grep alias ~/.zsh / * C 443
以下は , そこそこ便利なグローバルエイリアスです ( あなたにとって便利かそうでないものを自分で選んでください)
alias - g ...='../..' alias - g ....='../../..' alias - g .....='../../../..' alias -g CA = " 2 > &1 | cat - A " alias -g C='| wc - l ' alias - g D=" DISPLAY =:0.0 " alias -g DN= / dev/ null alias - g ED = " export DISPLAY =:0.0 " alias - g EG = ' |& egrep ' alias - g EH = ' |& head ' alias - g EL = ' |& less ' alias - g ELS = ' |& less - S ' alias - g ETL = ' |& tail - 20 ' alias - g ET = ' |& tail ' alias - g F= ' | fmt -' alias - g G='| egrep ' alias - g H='| head ' alias - g HL = ' |& head - 20 ' alias -g Sk= " *~(*. bz2|*.gz|*.tgz|*.zip |*.z ) " alias - g LL = " 2 > &1 | less " alias - g L= " | less " alias - g LS ='| less - S ' alias - g MM ='| most ' alias - g M='| more ' alias -g NE = " 2 > / dev/null " alias - g NS ='| sort - n ' alias - g NUL= " > / dev/null 2 >&1 " alias - g PIPE ='| ' alias -g R= ' >
/c/aaa/tee.txt ' alias - g RNS ='| sort - nr ' alias - g S='| sort ' alias - g TL ='| tail - 20 ' alias - g T='| tail ' alias - g US ='| sort - u ' alias - g VM= / var / log / messages alias -g X0 G ='| xargs - 0 egrep ' alias - g X0 ='| xargs - 0 ' alias - g XG ='| xargs egrep ' alias -g X='| xargs '
補完
man 1 zshcompctl zshcompsys zshcompwid を参照してください 。 zshcompctlはzshプログラマブル補完の古いスタイルです、zshcompsysは新しい補完システムです、zshcompwidはzsh補完ウィジェットです。
_apt や _dpkgといった幾つかの関数は非常に遅いです .
あなたはキャッシュされた結果リストを代理で使用する事が出来ます
( 有効な debian パッケージのリストの様な ) キャッシュを使用してください :
zstyle ': completion : *' use - cache on zstyle ': completion : *' cache - path ~/.zsh / cache
CVSファイル/ディレクトリの補完を抑制します:
zstyle ': completion :*:( all - | ) files ' ignored - patterns '( |*/) CVS ' zstyle ': completion:*:cd :*' ignored - patterns '(*/) #CVS '
あなたがミスタイプをした時の為の曖昧マッチ補完:
zstyle ': completion : *' completer _complete _match _approximate zstyle ': completion :*: match :*' original only zstyle ': completion :*: approximate :*' max - errors 1 numeric
もしあなたが今までタイプした長さで増加させた _approximateによってエラー回数を許容したければ:
zstyle -e ': completion:*:approximate :*' \ max -errors ' reply = ($((($ # PREFIX+$ #SUFFIX )/3 ) ) numeric ) '
あなたの持っていないコマンドの補完を無視します:
zstyle ': completion :*: functions ' ignored - patterns '_*'
ヘルパー関数の様に :
xdvi ( ) { command xdvi ${*:-*. dvi( om [ 1 ] ) } }
あなたは殆どの場合に補完を回避できます。しかしその場合、あなたは直ぐにメニューセレクションに入り、単語を時刻でソートしたいと望むかもしれません:
zstyle ': completion :*:*: xdvi :*' menu yes select zstyle ': completion :*:* : xdvi :*' file - sort time
メニューセレクションを使ったプロセスIDの補完:
zstyle ': completion :*:*: kill :*' menu yes select zstyle ' : completion : * : kill :*' force - list always
もし引数の最後としてディレクトリが使用された場合、最後のスラッシュを削除します(lnを使用する際に便利です)
zstyle ': completion : *' squeeze - slashes true
cd は親ディレクトリから選択しないでしょう ( 例 : cd ../ ) :
zstyle ': completion :*: cd :*' ignore - parents parent pwd
迅速にディレクトリを変更するもう一つの方法です。 これをあなたの ~/.zshrc に追記し , “ cd …./ dir ” を入力してくださ い
rationalise - dot ( ) { if [ [ $ LBUFFER = *.. ] ] ; then LBUFFER +=/.. else LBUFFER +=. fi } zle - N rationalise - dot bindkey .
rationalise - dot
未分類で種々様々な用 例
ヒント : 有効な glob 修飾子の一覧は zshexpn ( 1 ) で見つけることが出来ます。 “ man 1 zshexpn | less - p ” で 修飾子の詳細を参照してください 。
# Get the names of all files that * do n't* match a pattern * anywhere * on the # file ( and without `` - L ' ' because its GNUish ) $ print - rl -- *(. ^e{ 'grep -q pattern $ REPLY'} ) # or $ : *(.e{ ' grep -q pattern $ REPLY || print -r -- $ REPLY'} ) # random numbers $ echo $ [ $ {RANDOM}%1000 ] # random between 0-999 $ echo $ [ $ {RANDOM}%11+10 ] # random between 10 - 20 $ echo $ {( l:3::0 : ) $ {RANDOM}} # N digits long ( 3 digits ) # reverse a word $ echo " ${(j : : ) $ {( @Oa ) ${(s : :) :- hello}}} " #
Show newest directory $ ls - ld *(/ om [ 1 ] ) # random array element $ FILES = ( .../ files /* ) $ feh $ FILES [ $ RANDOM %$ #FILES+1 ] # cat first line in all files in this dir $ for file ( *( ND -. ) )
IFS= read -re < $ file # test if a parameter is numeric $ if [ [ $ 1 == <-> ] ] ; then echo numeric else echo non-numeric fi #
Show me all the .c files for which there does n't exist a .o file .
$ print *.c(e_ ' [ [ ! -e $ REPLY :r.o ] ] '_ ) #
All files in /var / that are not owned by root $ ls - ld / var /*( ^u:root ) #
All files for which the owner hat read and execute permissions $ echo *( f:u+rx : ) #
The same , but also others dont have execute permissions $ echo *( f:u+rx , o-x : ) # brace expansion - example $ X= ( A B C ) $ Y=(+ -) $ print -r -- $ ^X.$^Y A.+ A.- B.+ B.- C.+ C.- #
Fetch the newest file containing the string ' fgractg*.log ' in the # filename and contains the string ' ORA -' in it $ file = ( fgractg*.log ( Nm0 om [ 1 ] ) ) $ ( ( $ # file ) ) && grep -l ORA - $ file # without Zsh $ files = $ ( find .
- name . -o - prune - name ' fgractg *> log ' - mtime 0 - print ) > if [ -n " $ files " ] ; then > IFS= ' > ' > set -f > file =$ ( ls - td $ files | head - 1 ) > grep -l ORA - " $ file " > fi # keep specified number of child processes running until entire task finished $ zsh - c ' sleep 1 & sleep 3 & sleep 2& print - rl -- $ jobtexts ' #
Remove zero length and .bak files in a directory $ rm - i *(.L0 ) *.bak ( . )
# print out files that dont have extensions $ printf '%s
' ^?*.* $ printf '%s
' ^?*.[ ^. ]
*( D ) $ ls -d -- ^?*.*( D) # Finding files which does not contain a specific string $ print - rl file * | comm - 2 - 3 - <( grep -l string file * ) ' $ for f ( file * ( N ) ) grep -q string $f || print -r $ f ' #
Show / Check whether a option is set or not .
It works both with $ options as # with $ builtins $ echo $ options [ correct ] off $ $ options [ zle ] on # Count the number of directories on the stack $ print $ ( ( $ { $ { ( z ) $ { (f ) " $ ( dirs - v ) " } [ - 1 ] }[ 1 ] } + 1 ) ) # or $ dirs -v | awk ' {n =$ 1}END {print n+1} ' #
Matching all files which do not have a dot in filename $ ls *~*.*(. ) #
Show only the ip - address from ``ifconfig device '' # ifconfig from net - tools ( Linux ) $ print $ {$ {$( LC_ALL=C /sbin/ifconfig eth0 ) [ 7]}:gs/addr://} # ifconfig from 4.2BSD { Free , Net , Open}BSD $ print $ {$ ( /sbin/ifconfig tun0 ) [ 6 ] } # Ping all the IP addresses in a couple of class C's or all hosts # into /etc / hosts $ for i in { 1..254} ; do ping -c 1 192.168.13.$i ; done or $ I=1 $ while ( [ [ $ I - le 255 ] ] ) ; do ping - 1 2 150.150.150 .
$ I ; let I ++ ; done or $ for i in $ ( sed 's /#.*//' >
/etc/hosts | awk '{print $ 2} ' ) : do : echo " Trying $ i ... " : ping -c 1 $ i ; : echo '=============================' : done # load all available modules at startup $ typeset - U m $ m= ( ) $ for md ( $ module_path ) m= ( $m $md /**/*(*e:' REPLY=${REPLY#$md/}'::r ) ) $ zmodload - i $ m # Rename all files within a directory such that their names get a numeral # prefix in the default sort order .
$ i=1 ; for j in * ; do mv $j $ i.$j ; ( ( i++ ) ) ; done $ i=1 ; for f in * ; do mv $f $ ( echo $ i | \ awk '{ printf ( " %03d " , $ 0 ) } ' ) . $f ; ( ( i++ ) ) ; done $ integer i=0 ; for f in * ; do mv $f $ [ i+=1 ] .$f ; done # Find ( and print ) all symbolic links without a target within the current # dirtree .
$ $ file **/*( D@ ) | fgrep broken $ for i in **/*( D@ ) ; [ [ -f $ i || -d $ i ] ] || echo $ i $ echo **/*( @- ^./= %p ) $ print -l **/*(-@ ) #
List all plain files that do not have extensions listed in `fignore ' $ ls **/*~*( ${~${( j/|/) fignore}} )(. ) # see above , but now omit executables $ ls **/*~*( ${~$ {( j/|/) fignore}} ) ( . ^*) #
Print out files that dont have extensions ( require * setopt extendedglob * # and * setopt dotglob * ) $ printf '%s
' ^?*.* #
List files in reverse order sorted by name $ print - rl -- *( On ) or $ print - rl -- *( ^on ) # Synonymic to ``ps ax | awk '{print $ 1} ' '' $ print -l / proc/*/cwd(:h:t:s/self//)
#
Get the PID of a process ( without ``ps ' ' , ``sed '' , ``pgrep ' ' , .. # ( under Linux ) $ pid2 ( ) { > local i > for i in / proc /<->/stat > do > [ [ " $ ( < $ i ) " = *\(($ {( j : |:) ~@} ) \ ) * ] ] && echo $ i:h:t > done > } # for X in ' n ' ' o ' ' p ' ' q ' 'r ' 's ' 't ' 'u ' ' v' ' w ' ' x ' 'y ' ; do ... $ for (( i = 36#n ; i <= 36#y ; i++ ) ) ; do > print $ {$ (( [ # # 36 ]i ) ) :l} > done # or in combination with ``dc ' ' $ print {$ ( ( # #n ) ) ..$ ( ( # #y ) )
}P\ 10P | dc # or with ``eval '' $ eval print '$ {$ ( ( [ # # 36 ] '{ $ ( ( 36 #n ) ) ..$ ( ( 36 #y ) ) } ' ) ) : l} ' # foreach in one line of shell $ for f ( * ) print -r -- $f # copy a directory recursively without data / files $ dirs= (**/*(/ ) ) $ cd -- $ dest_root $ mkdir - p -- $ dirs # or without zsh $ find .
- type d - exec env d=" $ dest_root " \ sh -c ' exec mkdir - p -- " $ d / $ 1 " ' ' {} ' ' {} ' \ ; #
If `foo= 23 ' ' , then print with 10 digit with leading ' 0 '. $ foo=23 $ print $ {( r : 10::0 : ) foo} # find the name of all the files in their home directory that have # more than 20 characters in their file names print - rl $ HOME / $ {( l:20 : : ?:) ~:-}* #
Save arrays $ print -r -- $ {( qq ) m} > $ nameoffile # save it $ eval " m=( $ ( cat -- $ nameoffile ) " # or use $ m= ( " $ {( @Q ) $ {( z ) " $ ( cat -- $ nameoffile ) " }} " ) # to restore it # get a " ls - l " on all the files in the tree that are younger than a # specified age ( e.g " ls - l " all the files in the tree that where # modified in the last 2 days ) $ ls - tld **/*( m - 2 ) #
This will give you a listing 1 file perl line ( not a la ls - R ) .
#
Think of an easy way to have a " ls - R " style output with # only files newer than 2 day old .
$ for d ( . ./**/*(/) ) { > print -r -- $ '
'$ {d} : > cd $d && { > l= ( *( Nm - 2 ) ) > ( ( $ #l ) ) && ls - ltd -- $ l > cd ~- > } > } #
If you also want directories to be included even if their mtime # is more than 2 days old : $ for d ( . ./**/*(/) ) { > print -r -- $ '
'$ {d} : > cd $d && { > l= ( *( N/ , m - 2 ) ) > ( ( $ #l ) ) && ls - ltd -- $ l > cd ~- > } #
And if you want only the directories with mtime < 2 days to be listed : $ for d ( . ./**/*( N/m-2 ) ) { > print -r -- $ '
'$ {d} : > cd $d && { > l= ( *( Nm - 2 ) ) > ( ( $ #l ) ) && ls - ltd -- $ l > cd ~- > } > } # print 42 `` -'' $ echo $ {( l:42 : :-:) } # or use ``$ COLUMS '' $ echo $ {(l:$ COLUMNS ::-:) } # and now with colors ( require autoload colors ; colors ) $ echo " $ bg[ red ] $fg [ black ] $ {( l:42 : :-:) } " # Redirect STDERR to a command like xless without redirecting STDOUT as well .
$ foo 2 >>( xless ) # but this executes the command asynchronously .
To do it synchronously : $ { { foo 1>&3 } 2 >&1 | xless } 3>&1 # Rename all MP3 - Files from name with spaces.mp3 to Name With Spaces.mp3 $ for i in *.mp3 ; do > mv $ i $ {$ {( C) i}:s/Mp3/mp3/} > done #
Match file names containing only digits and ending with .xml ( require # * setopt kshglob * ) $ ls - l [ 0 - 9 ] ##.xml $ ls -l <0->.xml # Remove all " non txt " files $ rm ./^*. txt # Move 200 files from a directory into another $ mv -- *( [ 1,200 ] ) / another / Dir # Convert images ( foo.gif => foo.png ) : $ for i in **/*.gif ; convert $ i $ i:r.png # convert a collection of mp3 files to wave or cdr , # e.g. file.wav -> file.mp3 ) $ for i ( ./*.mp3){mpg321 --w - $ i > $ {i:r}.wav} # Download with LaTeX2HTML created Files ( for example the ZSH - Guide ) : $ for f in http://zsh.sunsite.dk/Guide/zshguide{,{01..08}}.html; do > lynx - source $f > $ {f:t} > done #
Move all files in dir1 and dir2 that have line counts greater than 10 to # another directory say " / more10 " $ mv dir [ 12]/**/*.cr(-.e{'(( `wc -l < $ REPLY` > 10 ) ) '} ) / more10 #
Make with dpkg a master - list of everyfile that it has installed $ diff <( find / | sort ) <( cat /var/lib/dpkg/info/*. list | sort ) # Replace this fucking Escape - Sequences : $ autoload colors ; colors $ print " $ bg [ cyan ] $ fg[ blue ]
You are a idiot " >>
/ dev/pts/3 # Get ASCII value of a character $ char=N ; print $ ( ( #char ) ) # Filename " Erweiterung " # Note :
The ( N ) says to use the nullglob option for this particular # glob pattern .
$ for i in *.o ( N ) ; do > rm $ i > done # Rename files ; i. e. FOO to foo and bar to BAR $ for i in *(. ) ; mv $ i $ {i:l} # ` FOO ' to `foo ' $ for i in *(. ) ; mv $ i $ {i:u} # `bar to ` BAR ' #
Show all suid - files in $ PATH $ ls - latg $ {( s.:. ) PATH} | grep '^ ...s' # or more complex ;) $ print -l $ {^path} / *( Ns , S ) # or show only executables with a user given pattern $ print -l $ { ^path} /* vim * ( * N ) # gzip files when containing a certain string $ gzip $ {( ps:\0 : ) " $( grep - lZ foobar ./*.txt ( . ) ) " } # A small one - liner , that reads from stdin and prints to stdout the first # unique line i. e. does not print lines that have been printed before # ( this is similar to the unique command , but unique can only handle # adjacent lines ) .
$ IFS= $ '
' ; print - rl -- $ { ( Oau ) $ {( Oa ) $( cat file ; echo . ) [ 1, - 2] }} # Lists every executable in PATH $ print -l $ {^path} / *(-* N) # Match all .c files in all subdirectories , _except_ any SCCS subdirectories ?
$ ls **/*.c~(*/) #SCCS /* # List all `README ' - files case - insensitive with max .
one typo $ ls **/*( #ia2 ) readme # case insensitive checking for variables $ if [ [ $ OSTYPE == ( # i ) LINUX *( # I ) ] ] ; then > echo " Penguin on board . " > else > echo " Not a Linux . " > fi
( 再帰的な ) グロビング用 例
有効なglob修飾子の一覧はzshexpn(1 ) で見つけることが出来ます。 注意 : **/ は (*/) # と等価です ! 例えば :
$ print (*/)#zsh_us.ps zsh-4.2.3/Doc/zsh_us.ps $ print **/zsh_us.ps zsh-4.2.3/Doc/zsh_us.ps
.
# Search for `README ' in all Subdirectories $ ls -l **/ README # find directories that contain both " index.php " and " index.html " , or in # general , directories that contain more than one file matching " index . * " $ ls **/*( D/e : '[ [ -e $ REPLY/index.php && -e $ REPLY/index.html ] ] ' :) # or $ ls **/*( D/e:'l=($REPLY / index .*( N ) ) ; (( $ #l >= 2 ) ) ' :) #
Find command to search for directory name instead of basename $ print -rl /**/*~^*/path(|/*) # or - without Zsh $ find / | grep -e / path / -e '/ path $ ' #
Print he path of the directories holding the ten biggest C regular files # in the current directory and subdirectories .
$ print -rl -- **/*. c( D.OL [ 1,10 ] :h ) | sort -u #
Find files with size == 0 and send a mail $ files = (**/*( ND.L0m+0 m -2 ) ) > (( $ # files > 0 ) ) && print - rl -- $ files | \ mailx -s " empty files " foo@bar.tdl # recursive chmod $ chmod 700 **/(. ) # Only files $ chmod 700 **/(/) #
Only directories # print out all of the files in that directory in 2 columns $ print - rC2 -- $ { 1 : [... ]}/*( D:t ) # ^- number ob columns # or - if you feel concerned about special characters - use $ list = ( $ {1 :[...]}/*( ND:t ) ) $ ( ( $ #list ) ) && print - rC2 -- $ {( V ) list} # Search all files in / home / */*- mail / with a setting ``chmod - s '' flag # ( recursive , include dotfiles ) remove the setgid / setuid flag and print # a message $ chmod -s / home /*/*- mail( DNs,S ) /home/*/*-mail/**/*( DNs,S ) ) # or with a small script $ for file ( / home/*/*-mail(
DNs,S ) /home/*/*-mail/**/*( DNs,S ) ) { > print -r -- $ file > chmod -s $ file && print -r fixed $ file > } # or use ``zargs '' ( require autoload zargs ) prevent the arg list too # long error $ zargs / home /*/*- mail( DNs,S ) /home/*/*-mail/**/*( DNs,S ) ) -- chmod -s #
List files beginning at `foo23 ' upwards ( foo23 , foo 24 , foo 25 , .. ) $ ls - l foo < 23 -> # get all files that begin with the date strings from June 4 through # June 9 of 2004 $ ls -l 200406 {04..10 } *( N ) # or if they are of the form 200406XX ( require ``setopt extended_glob '' $ ls -l 200306<4-10 >.* # remove spaces from filenames $ for a in ./**/*\ *( Dod ) ; do mv $ a $ {a : h} / $ {a:t:gs / / _} ; done # Show only all *.c and *.h - Files $ ls -l *.( c|h ) #
Show only all *.c - files and ignore `foo.c ' $ ls *.c~foo.c # show data to * really * binary format $ zsh - ec ' while {} {printf %.8 x $ n; repeat 8 \ > {read - ku0 a printf \ %.8d $ ( ( [ # # 2 ] #a ) ) }; print ;(( n+=8 ) ) } ' < binary #
Show only world - readable files $ ls -l *( R ) #
List files in the current directory are not writable by the owner $ print -l ~/*( ND.^w ) # find and delete the files which are older than a given parameter # ( seconds / minutes / hours ) # deletes all regular file in / Dir that are older than 3 hours $ rm -f / Dir/**/*(.mh+3 ) # deletes all symlinks in / Dir that are older than 3 minutes $ rm -f / Dir /**/*( @mm+3 ) # deletes all non dirs in / Dir that are older than 30 seconds $ rm -f / Dir/**/*( ms+30 ^/) # deletes all folders , sub - folders and files older than one hour $ rm ./**/*(. Dmh+1 , .DL0 ) # deletes all files more than 6 hours old $ rm -f **/*( mh +6 ) # removes all files but the ten newer ones ( delete all but last 10 # files in a directory ) $ rm ./*( Om [ 1,-11 ] ) Note :
If you get a arg list too long , you use the builtin rm .
For example : $ zmodload zsh / files ; rm -f **/*( mh +6 ) or use the zargs function : $ autoload zargs ; zargs **/*( mh+6 ) -- rm -f # A User 's Guide to the Z - Shell / 5.9 : Filename Generation and Pattern # Matching find all files in all subdirectories , searching recursively , # which have a given name , case insensitive , are at least 50 KB large , # no more than a week old and owned by the root user , and allowing up # to a single error in the spelling of the name .
In fact , the required # expression looks like this : $ ls **/( #ia1 ) name ( LK+50 mw-1u0 ) #
Change the UID from 102 to 666 $ chown 666 **/*( u102 ) # List all files which have not been updated since last 10 hours $ print - rl -- *( Dmh+10 ^ / ) # delete only the oldest file in a directory $ rm ./* filename * ( Om [ 1 ] ) #
Sort the output from `ls - l ' by file size $ ls - fld *( OL ) # find most recent file in a directory $ setopt dotglob ; print directory / **/*( om [ 1 ] ) #
Show only empty files which nor `group ' or `world writable ' $ ls *( L0f.go -w . ) # find - and list - the ten newest files in directories and subdirs # ( recursive ) $ print - rl -- **/*( Dom [ 1,10 ] ) # Print only 5 lines by " ls " command ( like ``ls - laS | head -n 5 ' ' ) $ ls - fl *( DOL [ 1,5 ] ) # display the 5 - 10 last modified files $ print - rl -- / path/to/dir/**/*( D.om [ 5,10 ] ) # find all files without a valid owner $ chmod someuser /**/*( D^u : $ {( j.:u:. ) $ {(f ) " $ ( < / etc/ passwd ) " } % %:*} :) # find all the empty directories in a tree $ for f in ***/*(/ l2 ) ; do foo= ( $ f / *( N ) ) ; [ [ - z $ foo ] ] && print $ f ; done # Note : Since Zsh 4.2.1 the glob qualifier F indicates a non-empty directory .
# Hence *( F ) indicates all subdirectories with entries , *(/^F ) means all # subdirectories with no entries .
$ ls -ld *(/^F ) # remove empty directories afterwards $ rmdir ./**/*(/ od) 2 > / dev/null #
Show only files are owned from group `users ' $ ls - l *( G[ users ] )
モディファイアの使い 方
モディファイヤはあなたに返す結果をパラメータ、ファイル名、ヒストリー展開によって変更させるパワフルなメカニズムです。 詳細はzshexpn(1) を参照してください。
# NOTE : Zsh 4.3.4 needed !
$ autoload - U age # files modified today $ print *( e: age today now : ) # files modified since 5 pm $ print * ( e - age 17:00 now - ) # ... since 5 o'clock yesterda $ print *( e - age yesterday , 17:00 now - ) # ... from last Christmas before today $ print *( e - age 2006/12/25 today -) # ... before yesterday $ print *( e - age 1970/01/01 yesterday -) # all files modified between the start of those dates $ print *( e: age 2006/10/04 2006/10/09 : ) # all files modified on that date $ print *( e:age 2006/10/04 : ) # Supply times .
$ print *(e - age 2006/10/04:10:15 2006/10/04:10:45 -) # Remove a trailing pathname component , leaving the head .
This works like # `dirname ' .
$ echo =ls ( :h ) / bin # Remove all leading pathname components , leaving the tail .
This works # like `basename ' .
$ echo =ls ( :t ) ls # Remove the suffix from each file ( *.sh in this example ) $ f:e is $f file extension :h --> head ( dirname ) :t --> tail ( basename ) :r --> rest ( extension removed ) $ for f ( *.sh ) mv $f $ f:r # Remove a filename extension of the form `.xxx ' , leaving the root name .
$ echo $ PWD / usr / src/ linux $ echo $ PWD :t linux # Remove all but the extension .
$ foo= 23.42 $ echo $ foo 23.42 $ echo $ foo: e 42 # Print the new command but do not execute it .
Only works with history # expansion .
$ echo =ls ( :h ) / bin $ ! echo : p $ echo =ls ( :h ) # Quote the substituted words , escaping further substitutions .
$ bar = " 23 ' 42 " $ echo $ bar 23 ' 42 $ echo $ bar : q 23 \ ' 42 # Convert the words to all lowercase .
$ bar=FOOBAR $ echo $ bar FOOBAR $ echo $ bar:l foobar # Convert the words to all uppercase .
$ bar=foobar $ echo $ bar foobar $ echo $ bar:u FOOBAR # convert 1st char of a word to uppercase $ foo= " one two three four " $ print -r -- " $ { ( C) var} " One Two Three Four
リダイレクション用 例
さらなる情報はzshmisc(1 ) を参照してください ( あるいは less$ {^fpath}/zmv( N ) )
# Append `exit 1 ' at the end of all *.sh - files $ echo " exit 1 " >>
*.sh # adding files to foobar .
tar.gz $ eval set =( gunzip < foobar.tar.gz ) ' tar rf $ 1 additional .
txt &&gzip < $ 1 > foobar.tar.gz ' # Redirect output to a file AND display on screen $ foobar >&1 > file1 > file2 > .. # pipe single output to multiple inputs $ zcat foobar .
Z >> ( gzip - 9 > file1.gz ) \ >> ( bzip2 - 9 > file1.bz2 ) \ >> ( acb -- best > file1.acb ) # Append /etc / services at the end of file `foo ' and `bar ' $ cat /etc / services >> foo >> bar # Pipe STDERR $ echo An error >&2 2 >&1 | sed -e 's /A/I/' # send standard output of one process to standard input of several processes # in the pipeline $ setopt multios $ process1 > >( process1 ) > >( process2 ) # initializing a variable and simultaneously keeping terminal output $ setopt multios $ { a= $ ( command >&1 >& 3 3 > &- 2>&1 ) ; } 3>&1 # redirect stderr two times $ setopt multios ; program 2 > file2 > file1 2>&1 # Duplicating stdout and stderr to a logfile $ exec 3>&1 > logfile 2>&2 2>&1 >&3 3>&- # redirect stderr ( only ) to a file and to orig .
stderr : $ command 2 >&2 2 > stderr # redirect stderr and stdout to separate files and both to orig .
stdout : $ command 2>&1 1>&1 2 > stderr 1 >stdout # redirect stderr and stdout to separate files and stdout to orig .
stdout # AND stderr to orig .
stderr : $ command 2>&2 1>&1 2> stderr 1>stdout # More fun with STDERR ;) $ ./my-script.sh
2 > >( grep - v moron > error.log ) |process-output >output.log $ echo " Thats STDOUT " >>( sed 's / stdout / another example / ' > foobar )
ZMV用例 ( 要 autoload zmv )
注意 -n は非実行を意味します( 表示を行うのみで何も起こりません ) 。
# remove round bracket within filenames # i. e. foo -( bar ) .avi -> foo - bar.avi $ zmv '* ' '$ {f//[ ( ) ]
/} '
# serially all files ( foo.foo > 1.foo , fnord.foo > 2.foo , ..) $ autoload zmv $ ls * 1.c asd.foo bla.foo fnord.foo foo.fnord foo.foo $ c=1 zmv '*. foo ' '$ (( c++ ) ) .foo ' $ ls * 1.c 1.foo 2.foo 3.foo 4.foo foo.fnord # Rename " file.with.many.dots.txt " by substituting dots ( exept for the last # one ! ) with a space $ touch { 1..20}-file.with.many.dots.txt $ zmv '(*.*) (.* ) '
'$ {1//./ }$ 2 ' # Remove the first 4 chars from a filename $ zmv - n '* ' ' $ f [ 5 , - 1 ] '
# NOTE : The " 5 " is NOT a mistake in writing !
#
Rename names of all files under the current Dir to lower case , but keep # dirnames as - is. $ zmv - Qv '(**/ ) ( * ) (.D ) ' ' $ 1 $ {( L ) 2} ' # replace all 4th character , which is " 1 " , with " 2 " and so on $ autoload - U zmv $ zmv '( ???) 1( ???[ 1 - 4]. txt ) ' ' $ { 1}2$ {2} ' # Remove the first 15 characters from a string $ touch 111111111111111 {a - z} $ autoload zmv $ zmv '* ' ' $ f [ 16 , -1 ] ' # Replace spaces ( any number of them ) with a single dash in file names $ autload zmv $ zmv -n '(**/) (* *) ' '$ 1$ {2 //( #-## #| ##)/-}' # or - with Bash $ find .
- depth - name '* *' - exec bash - c ' > shopt -s extglob > file =$ 1 > dir=$ {file%/*} > name=$ {file##*/} > newname=${name//*([ -] )
*([ -])/-} > mv - i -- " $ file " " $ Dir / $newname " ' {} {} \ ; # Clean up file names and remove special characters $ autoload zmv $ zmv -n '(**/ ) ( * ) ' ' $ 1$ {2 / /[ ^A - Za-z0 - 9._]/ _} ' # Add *. py to a bunch of python scripts in a directory ( some of them end # in *. py and give them all a proper extension $ autoload zmv $ zmv -n '(**/) ( con* ) ( #qe , file $ REPLY | grep " python script " , ) ' ' $ 1$ 2.py ' # lowercase all extensions ( i. e. *. JPG ) incl .
subfolders $ autoload zmv $ zmv '(**/) (*).( #i) jpg ' '$ 1$ 2.jpg ' # Or - without Zsh $ find Dir - name '*. [ jJ ] [ pP ] [ gG ] ' - print | while read f > do > case $f in > *.jpg ) ; > *) mv " $ f " " $ {f % .*}.jpg " ; > esac > done # remove leading zeros from file extension $ autoload zmv $ ls filename.001 filename.003 filename.005 filename.007 filename.009 filename.002 filename.004 filename.006 filename.008 filename.010 $ zmv '( filename . )0# #( ?*) '
' $ 1$ 2 ' $ ls filename . 1 filename.10 filename.2 filename.3 filename.4 filename .5 .. # renumber files .
$ autoload zmv $ ls * foo_10.jpg foo_2.jpg foo_3.jpg foo_4.jpg foo_5.jpg foo_6.jpg .. $ zmv - fQ ' foo_ ( <0->).jpg(.nOn ) ' ' foo_ $ ( ( $ 1 + 1 ) ) .jpg ' $ ls * foo_10.jpg foo_11.jpg foo_3.jpg foo_4.jpg foo_5.jpg ... # adding leading zeros to a filename ( 1.jpg -> 001.jpg , .. $ autoload zmv $ zmv '( <1->) .jpg ' '$ {( l:3::0:) 1}.jpg ' #
See above , but now only files with a filename >= 30 chars $ autoload zmv $ c=1 zmv " $ {( l:30 - 4 : : ?:)}*. foo " '$ ( ( c++ ) ) .
foo ' #
Replace spaces in filenames with a underline $ autoload zmv $ zmv '* *' ' $ f:gs / /_' #
Change the suffix from *.sh to *.pl $ autoload zmv $ zmv - W '*.sh ' '*. pl ' # Add a " " . txt " extension to all the files within $ {HOME} # `` -.'' is to only rename regular files or symlinks to regular files , # ``D ' ' is to also rename hidden files ( dotfiles ) ) $ autoload zmv $ zmv - Q '/ home /**/*( D-. ) ' ' $ f.txt ' #
Or to only rename files that do n't have an extension : $ zmv - Q '/ home /**/^?*.*( D-. ) ' ' $ f.txt ' # Recursively change filenames with characters ? [ ] / = + < > ; : " , - * $ autoload zmv $ chars= ' [ ] [?=+<> ; " ,*-]' $ zmv '(**/) (* ) '
'$ 1${2//$ ~chars/%} ' #
Removing single quote from filenames ( recursively ) $ autoload zmv $ zmv - Q " (**/) (*'* ) ( D ) " " \$ 1 \ $ {2/ /'/} " #
When a new file arrives ( named file .
txt ) rename all files in order to # get ( e. g. file 119.
txt becomes file 120.txt , file 118.txt becomes # file 119.txt and so on ending with file .
txt becoming file1. txt $ autoload zmv $ zmv - fQ ' file ( [ 0 - 9 ] # # ) .
txt ( On ) ' ' file $ ( ( $ 1 + 1 ) ) . txt ' # lowercase / uppercase all files / directories $ autoload zmv $ zmv '( * ) ' ' $ {( L ) 1} ' # lowercase $ zmv '( * ) ' ' $ {( U) 1} ' # uppercase #
Remove the suffix *.c from all C - Files $ autoload zmv $ zmv '( * ) . c' ' $ 1 ' #
Uppercase only the first letter of all *.mp3 - files $ autoload zmv $ zmv ' ( [ a - z ] ) ( *) . mp3 ' '$ {( C) 1}$ 2.mp3 ' #
Copy the target ` README ' in same directory as each ` Makefile ' $ autoload zmv $ zmv - C '(**/) Makefile ' '$ {1}README ' #
Removing single quote from filenames ( recursively ) $ autoload zmv $ zmv - Q " (**/) (*'* ) ( D ) " " \$ 1\ $ {2//'/} " # Rename pic1.jpg , pic2.jpg , .. to pic0001.jpg , pic0002.jpg , .. $ autoload zmv $ zmv ' pic (*) . jpg ' ' pic$ {( l:4::0:) 1}.jpg ' $ zmv '(**/) pic(*).jpg' ' $ 1 / pic$ {( l:4::0:) 2}.jpg ' # recursively
モジュール用 例
最初に zshmodules ( 1 ) を読んでください !
zsh / pcre ( 要 zmodload zsh / pcre )
# Copy files of a certain period ( date indicated in the filenames ) $ zmodload zsh / pcre $ ls -d -- *( e : ' [ [ $ REPLY - pcre - match pcre- regexp ] ] ' :) # or $ m ( ) { [ [ $ 1 - pcre- match pcre- regexp ] ] } $ ls -d -- *(+m)
zsh / clone ( 要 zmodload zsh / clone )
# Creates a forked instance of the current shell ( $! is set to zero ) and # execute ``command '' on / dev/tty8 ( for this example ) .
$ zmodload zsh / clone $ clone / dev /tty8 && ( ( $! == 0 ) ) && exec command
$ zmodload zsh / datetime $ alias datereplacement= ' strftime " %Y - %m - %d " $ EPOCHSECONDS ' $ export DATE=`datereplacement` $ echo $ DATE # strip date from filename $ $ zmodload zsh / datetime $ setopt extendedglob $ touch aaa_bbb_20041212_c.dat eee_fff_20051019_g.dat $ strftime -s pattern \ '???_???
_<0-%Y%m%d>_?.dat '
$ (( EPOCHSECONDS - 365 * 24 * 60 * 60 / 2 ) ) $ print - rl -- $ ~ pattern aaa_bbb_20041212_c.dat $ print - rl -- $ pattern ???_???_<0-20050815 >_?.dat # Search files size == 0 , to be based on the file name containing a date # rather than the " last modified " date of the file $ zmodload - i zsh / datetime $ strftime -s file " abc_de_%m%d %Y.dat " $ (( EPOCHSECONDS - 24 * 60 * 60 ) ) $ files= (**/$ file ( N.L0 ) ) $ (( $ # files > 0 ) ) && print - rl -- $ files | \ mailx -s " empty files " foo@bar.tdl
zsh / stat ( require zmodload zsh / stat )
# test if a symbolic link links to a certain file $ zmodload - i zsh / stat $ ! stat - LH s foo.ln || [ [ $ s [ link ] != " foo.exe " ] ] || ln - sf foo.exe foo.ln # comparing file dates $ zmodload zsh / stat $ file1 =foo $ file2 =bar $ touch bar & sleep 5 & touch foo $ echo $ file1 is $ ( ( $ ( stat + mtime $ file2 ) - \ $ ( stat + mtime $ file1 ) ) ) seconds older than $ file2 .
bar is 5 seconds older than foo # list the files of a disk smaller than some other file $ zmodload zsh / stat $ stat - A max + size some - other - file $ print -rl ./**/*( D.L - $max ) #
List the top 100 biggest files in a disk $ zmodload zsh / stat $ ls - fld ./**/*( d`stat + device .`OL [ 1,100 ] ) #
Get only the user name and the file names from ( like # ls -l * | awk '{print $ 3 " " $ 8} ' ) $ zmodload zsh / stat $ for file ; do > stat - sA user +uid -- " $ file " && > print -r -- " $user " " $ file " > done # get the difference between actual bytes of file and allocated bytes of file $ zmodload zsh / stat $ print $ ( ( $( stat + block -- file ) * 512 - $ ( stat + size -- file ) ) ) #
Find largest file # ``D '' : to include dot files ( d lowercase is for device ) # ``O '' : reverse Ordered ( o lowercase for non-reverse order ) # ``L '' : by file Length ( l is for number of links ) # `` [ 1 ] '' : return only first one $ zmodload zsh / stat $ stat + size ./*( DOL [ 1 ] ) # file size in bytes $ zmodload zsh / stat $ stat -L +size ~/.zshrc 4707 #
Delete files in a directory that has n't been accessed in the last ten days # and send ONE mail to the owner of the files informing him / her of the files ' # deletion .
$ zmodload zsh / stat zsh / files $ typeset - A f ; f= ( ) $ rm -f / path/**/*(.a+10e{ 'stat - sA u +uidr $ REPLY ; f[ $u ] = " $ f [ $u ] $ REPLY " '} ) $ for user ( $ { ( k ) f} ) { print - rn $ f [ $user ] |mailx -s " ... " $ user} #
Get a " ls - l " on all the files in the tree that are younger than a # specified age $ zmodload zsh / stat $ for d ( .
./**/*( N/m-2 ) ) > print -r -- $ '
' $d : && cd $d && { > for f ( * ( Nm - 2 om ) ) > stat - F '% b %d %H:%M ' - LsAs -- $f && > print -r -- $ s [ 3 ] $ { ( l:4 : ) s [ 4 ] } $ { ( l:8 : ) s [ 5 ] } \ > $ { ( l:8 : ) s[ 6 ] } $ { ( l:8 : ) s [ 8 ] } $ s [ 10 ] $f $ {s [ 14 ] :+-> $ s [ 14 ] } > cd ~- > } # get file creation date $ zmodload zsh / stat $ stat - F ' %d %m %Y ' + mtime ~/.zshrc 30 06 2004 $ stat - F '% D ' +mtime ~/.zshrc
06/30/04
zsh / files ( 要 zmodload zsh / files )
# search a directory for files containing a certain string then copy those # files to another directory .
$ zmodload zsh / files $ IFS = $ ' \0 ' $ cp $ ( grep - lZr foobar . ) otherdirectory
zsh / mapfile ( 要 zmodload zsh / mapfile )
# grepping for two patterns $ zmodload zsh / mapfile $ patter n1 = " foo " $ patter n2 = " bar foo " $ print -l ./**/*( DN.e{'z=$mapfile[$ REPLY ] && [ [ $ z = *$ pattern1 * && \ $z = * $ pattern2 * ] ]'} ) # or a solution in combination with zsh / pcre $ zmodload - i zsh / mapfile zsh / pcre $ patter n1 = " foo " $ patter n2 = " bar foo " $ pcre_compile " (?s ) (?=.*?$ pattern1 ) .*? $ pattern2 " $ pcre_study $ print -l ./**/*( DN.e{'pcre_match $ mapfile [ $ REPLY ]'} ) # equivalent for ``less / etc / passwd | grep - v root '' $ zmodload zsh / mapfile $ IFS= $ '
' $ print - rl -- $ {${=mapfile [ /etc / passwd ]}:#* root*} # or - for case insensitive $ setopt extendedglob $ print - rl -- $ {${=mapfile[/etc / passwd ]}:#*( #i)root*} #
If a XML - file contains stuff like `` < TAGA />'' and `` < TAGB />'' , number # this empty tags ( ones ending in '/>') so if encountered in the same # order , the preceeding tags would become `` < TAGA />1</ TAGA >'' and # `` < TAGB />2</TAGB >'' $ zmodload zsh / mapfile $ cnt=0 $ apfile[ data.xml.new ] =$ {( S) mapfile[data.xml ] / /\ > ( #im ) < TAGA >*<\/ TAGA >/< TAGA >$((++ cnt ) ) <\/ TAGA >} # removing all files in users Maildir / new that contain ``filename= " gone.src ' ' $ zmodload zsh / {files , mapfile} $ rm -f /u1/??/*/Maildir/new/100*(.e{' [ [ $ mapfile [ $ REPLY ] == \ * filename= \" gone.scr\ " * ] ] '} ) # Grep out the Title from a postscript file and append that value to the # end of the filename $ autoload - U zmv $ zmodload zsh / mapfile $ zmv '(* ) . ps ' ' $ 1 -${${${mapfile [ $f ] ##*%%Title : } % % *}//[ ^a-zA-Z0-9 _]/}.ps '
zsh / termcap ( 要 zmodload zsh / termcap )
$ zmodload - ab zsh / termcap echotc $ GREEN=`echotc AF 2` $ YELLOW=`echotc AF
3` $ RED=`echotc AF
1` $ BRIGHTRED=`echotc md ; echotc AF 1` $ print -l $ {GREEN}green $ {YELLOW}yellow $ {RED}red $ {BRIGHTRED}brightred
zsh / zpty ( 要 zmodload zsh / zpty )
$ zmodload zsh / zpty $ zpty PW passwd $ 1 $ zpty PW passwd $ 1 # `` - r '' : read the output of the command name .
# ``z '' : Parameter $ zpty -r PW z ' * password : ' # send the to command name the given strings as input $ zpty -w PW $ 2 $ zpty -r PW z ' * password : ' $ zpty -w PW $ 2 #
The second form , with the -d option , is used to delete commands # previously started , by supplying a list of their names .
If no names # are given , all commands are deleted .
Deleting a command causes the HUP # signal to be sent to the corresponding process .
$ zpty -d PW
zsh / net / socket ( 要 zmodload zsh / net/ socket )
# `` - l ' ' : open a socket listening on filename # `` - d '' : argument will be taken as the target file descriptor for the # connection # ` `3 '' : file descriptor .
See ` `A User 's Guide to the Z - Shell ' ' # ( 3.7.2 : File descriptors ) $ zmodload zsh / net / socket $ zsocket - l -d 3 # `` - a '' : accept an incoming connection to the socket $ zsocket - a -d 4 3 $ zsocket - a -d 5 3 # accept a connection $ echo foobar > &4 $ echo barfoo >&5 $ 4 >&- 5>&- 3 >&
zsh / zftp ( 要 zmodload zsh / zftp )
$ autoload - U zfinit $ zfinit $ zfparams www.example.invalid myuserid mypassword $ zfopen $ zfcd tips $ zfls -l zshtips .html $ zfput zshtips.html $ zfls -l zshtips .
html # Automatically transfer files using FTP with error checking $ autoload - U zfinit ; zfinit $ zftp open host.name .
invalid user passwd || exit $ zftp get / remote / file > / local / file ; r=$ ?
$ zftp close && exit r # compress and ftp on the fly $ autoload - U zfinit ; zfinit $ zftp open host.name .
invalid user password $ zftp get $ file | bzip2 > $ {file}.bz2 $ zftp close # Recursice ``get '' $ autoload - U zfinit ; zfinit $ zfanon cr.yp.to $ zfcd daemontools $ for file in `zfls` ; do > zfget $ file $ done $ zfclose # Upload all regular files in $ HOME / foobar ( recursive ) that are newer than # two hours to ftp.foobar.invalid/path/to/upload $ autoload - U zfinit ; zfinit $ zfopen ftp.foobar.invalid/path/to/upload $ cd $ HOME / foobar $ zfput -r **/*(. mh - 2 ) $ zfclose # long list of files on a ftp $ autoload - U zfinit ; zfinit $ zfopen some - host $ zfcd / some / remote / Dir $ cd / some / local / Dir #
If the list .
txt is located on the remote host , change to # zfget $ { (f ) " $ ( zftp get / path/to/remote/list.txt ) " } $ zfget $ { (f ) " $ ( cat list .
txt ) " } $ zfclose
zsh / zselect ( 要 zmodload zsh / zselect )
# It 's similar to ,---- | $ sg=$ ( stty - g ) | $ stty - icanon min 0 time 50 | $ read yesno | $ stty " $sg " | $ case " $yesno " in | > yes ) command1 ; ; | > *) command2 ; ; | > esac `---- $ zmodload zsh / zselect $ if zselect -t 500 -r 0 && read yesno && [ yes = " $ yesno " ] ; then > command1 > else > command1 > fi
オプショ ン
ナビゲーションオプション
auto_cd ( ディレクトリをコマンドで入力することによってディレクトリ移動することを許可します)。 auto_pushd ( 自動的にディレクトリを push / popリストに追加します ) pushd_ignore_dups ( は重複した物を除きます ) 。
その他
no_hup ( zsh が終了した時に , バックグラウンドジョブに HUP シ グナルを送りません ) 。
print_exit_value ( コマンドがゼロ以外の終了コードが返した時に終了コードを表示します)
履歴オプショ ン
hist_verify ( let the user edit the command line after history expansion ( e.g. !ls ) instead of immediately running it )
Use the same history file for all sessions : setopt SHARE_HISTORY hist_verify ( は履歴展開の後にコマンドラインを編集させます ( たとえば !ls )
プライバシー / セキュリティ
no_clobber ( もしくは - C を設定すると、 > リダイレクトによる既存ファイルの上書きを防ぎます)
スペリングコレクショ ン
correct ( コマンドのスペルを自動的に修正します ) 。 correct_all ( コマンドラインの単語毎に、自動的に修正します ) dvorak ( dvorak layout )
未分類
単純な複数のメールパス :
mailpath =( $ HOME / Mail / mbox '? new mail in mbox ' $ HOME / Mail/tux.u-strasbg '? new mail in tux ' $ HOME / Mail / lilo ' ? new mail in lilo ' $ HOME / Mail / ldap - fr '? new mail in ldap - fr ' )
リンク
一次サイ ト
http://www.zsh.org/
プロジェクトペー ジ
http://sourceforge.net/projects/zsh/
Z shell page at sunsite.dk
http://zsh.sunsite.dk/
From Bash to Z Shell : Conquering the Command Line - the book
http://www.bash2zsh.com/
メーリングリストアーカイブ
http://www.zsh.org/mla/
ZSH-FAQ
http://www.zsh.org/FAQ/
ユーザーガイ ド
http://zsh.sunsite.dk/Guide/
ZSH - Wiki
http://www.zshwiki.org/
Die Zsh als interaktive Shell
http://cssun.rrze.uni-erlangen.de/~sipakale/zshreferat.html
A short introduction from BYU
http://docs.cs.byu.edu/docs/zsh/index.php
マウスサポート ;)
http://stchaz.free.fr/mouse.zsh
Shell Corner : Zsh Suite of “ keeper ” Functions
http://www.unixreview.com/documents/s=9513/ur0501a/ur0501a.htm
The Z Shell ( A Fan Page )
http://www.princeton.edu/~kmccarty/zsh.html
Making the Transition to Zsh
http://www.linux-mag.com/cgi-bin/printer.pl?issue=2002-05&article=power
Curtains up : introducing the Z shell
http://www-128.ibm.com/developerworks/linux/library/l-z.html?dwzone=linux
ZSH - Liebhaberseite
http://michael-prokop.at/computer/tools_zsh_liebhaber.html
ZSH - Seite von Michael Prokop
http://www.michael-prokop.at/computer/tools_zsh.html
A Case for the Z Shell on http://www.daemonnews.org/
http://ezine.daemonnews.org/199910/zsh.html
ZSH - Section from Dotfiles.com
http://www.dotfiles.com/index.php?app_id=4
Writing Zsh Completion Functions
http://www.linux-mag.com/2002-07/power_01.html
ZSH Prompt introduction
http://aperiodic.net/phil/prompt/
Adam ’s ZSH page
http://www.adamspiers.org/computing/zsh/
Zzappers Best of ZSH Tips
http://www.rayninfo.co.uk/tips/zshtips.html
Zsh Webpage by Christian Schneider
http://strcat.de/wiki/zsh/
http://strcat.de/wiki/zsh-german
( German translation .
Help needed ! )
zsh - lovers WEB ページ
http://grml.org/zsh/
IRCチャンネル
#zsh at irc.freenode.org
Z shell リファレンスカード ( debian - package の zsh - lovers に含まれています )
http://www.bash2zsh.com/zsh_refcard/refcard.pdf
= AUTHORS = この manページは Michael Prokop , Christian strcat Schneider and Matthias Kopfermann によって書かれました。 しかし多くのアイディアは zshギーク達から頂きました。 例えば、zshメーリングリス ト( zsh - users と zsh - workers ) 、google、ニュースグループ、zsh-Wiki などです。 あなたのクールで素晴らしいチップスをありがとう。 私たちはあなたたちから多くを学びました ！
アルファベット順で :
Andrew ' zefram ' Main - http://www.fysh.org/~zefram/
Barton E. Schaefer - http://www.well.com/user/barts/
Matthias Kopfermann - http://www.infodrom.north.de/~matthi/
Oliver Kiddle - http://people.freenet.de/opk/
Paul Falstad - http://www.falstad.com/
Peter Stephenson - http://homepage.ntlworld.com/p.w.stephenson/
Richard Coleman Stephane Chazelas - http://stephane.chazelas.free.fr/
Sven Guckes - http://www.guckes.net/
Sven Wischnowsky - http://w9y.de/zsh/zshrc
参考文献
zsh の manページ :
zsh Zsh overview zshall
Tthe Z shell meta-man page zshbuiltins Zsh built - in commands zshcalsys zsh calendar system zshcompctl zsh programmable completion zshcompsys
Zsh completion system zshcompwid Zsh completion widgets zshcontrib User contributions to zsh zshexpn Zsh expansion and substitution zshmisc
Anything not fitting into the other sections zshmodules Zsh loadable modules zshoptions Zsh options zshparam Zsh parameters zshroadmap Informal introduction to the zsh manual zshtcpsys
Zsh tcp system zshzle Zsh command line editing zshzftpsys
Zsh built - in FTP client zshall Meta - man page containing all of the above
ノート 得に、man zshcontrib はとても便利な話題をカバーします！ 本 From Bash to Z Shell by Oliver Kiddle , Jerry Peck and Peter Stephenson .
ISBN 1590593766 .
- bash2zsh.com
この manページのリンクセクションも見てください 。
バグ
恐らく、この manページは完全ではないと思います。 ですからバグ、フィードバック、提案を zsh-lovers@michael-prokop.at へを送ってください。 ありがとう ！
コピーライ ト
Copyright ( C ) Michael Prokop , Christian Schneider and Matthias Kopfermann .
Let ’s say you ’re 17 , a high school student , passionate about web start - ups , and you just know that you ’ll be starting your own one day .
Should you go to university first ?
Should you get a degree ?
What use will it be ?
Is it worth it ?
Should you study computer science ?
IT management ?
An MBA ?
Physics ?
Maths ?
None of the above ?
Which will best prepare you for start - up life ?
More importantly , is that why you should go to university , or are there better reasons ?
It ’s a tough question , particularly since it ’s going to have a big influence on the rest of your life .
If you skip university , your life will be radically different than if you do n’t .
If you ’re keeping track of the pulse of conversations online , you might have spotted a few discussions on the topic recently , such as The Great College Hoax ( HN link ) , published on Forbes , which makes the bold claim that colleges are outright scams , or a milder one by celebrity VC Fred Wilson , which claims that you do n’t need a degree to be an entrepreneur ( HN link ) .
My opinion on the subject is simple : if you have a thirst for learning , and you do n’t have to enter the workforce immediately ( i.e. you can afford , somehow , a degree , without being financially irresponsible ) , then you absolutely should go to university , even if you have a start - up that you could work on right away .
This is not because you need the degree for your future career , but because it ’s a great thing to spend your next 4 years on .
Here ’s a breakdown of reasons why you should go to university rather than work on your start - up :
Business ideas are a dime a dozen
Perhaps you feel that you have the idea of the decade , that will make you millions .
If so , I encourage you to read this essay by Paul Graham , the friendly uncle of the start - up world .
Do n’t worry about ideas .
You ’ll have just as many , if not more , ideas when you come out of college as when you went in .
Having a great idea is not a good reason to skip university .
You can drop out
If you go to university and you decide that it ’s really not for you , or if you work on your venture on the side and it takes off , you can always drop out like many other famous entrepreneurs did before .
No one ’s forcing you to stay .
But at least , you ’ll drop out with the knowledge of what you ’re giving up , and , hopefully , you ’ll do it for something concrete that needs all your attention right now .
A good time
University is an enjoyable way to spend four years .
Start - ups are n’t the only thing in life .
If you focus yourself on work alone , without enjoying other pleasures along the way , you may well find out later that you missed out on the more fun parts of life .
You do n’t need a degree to start a start - up , that ’s true .
There are many other things that you do n’t need for your start - up , but which are still enjoyable and worthwhile parts of life .
Having a girlfriend / boyfriend , and eventually a wife / husband and children , is not essential to your business .
Neither is a university degree .
But both can be great things to have in your life .
Learn things you would never have learned by yourself
Many people think they need to do a degree in the profession that they will follow later ( and , for some , such as architects , doctors and lawyers , that is true ) .
For web entrepreneurs , an IT - related degree can seem like the obvious option .
I believe that it ’s far more useful and interesting to study something else , something that you ’re interested in and that you know that you ’d never get around to studying in depth otherwise .
In my case , I ’ve always had a thirst for figuring out how things work , so I quenched it by doing a degree in Physics .
Many things I learned there are not directly useful to my life .
Indirectly , however , my four years of Physics have shaped the way I think , the way I approach problems , and my approach to learning complicated topics .
I would not have absorbed all these things if I had n’t done a Physics degree .
There are some things you really have to be taught by someone , to learn them properly .
I was genuinely interested in Physics , and that ’s why I chose that subject .
This leads me to an important point : you should choose a subject based on your interests , rather than career usefulness .
There is an unhealthy fashion these days to link degrees to jobs , as if a degree was the best way to train for a specific job ( e.g. degrees in “ Communications and Media ” as training for Marketing or PR people ) .
This is n’t helping anyone , least of all the universities .
You should do a degree because you care about the subject , not for the career prospects .
Ultimately , university is supposed to train you for life , not for a job .
Doing a degree in a subject that does not end up being your career gives you an extra perspective to look at things , an extra string on your bow .
The last place where people care to teach you
Once you enter the workforce ( for your own business or otherwise ) , no one cares what you learn .
Corporations will make a token effort to give you some opportunity to better yourself via a training budget and various work - related courses , but university is truly the last place where you ’ll have teachers who really care about teaching you things ( if they ’re any good at all ) .
Moreover , they ’ll care about it for a long time .
For years on end , a relatively small group of people will care about what you learn , will care that you become a better person through their teaching , and will care about your intellectual development .
Believe me when I say that that will never happen again in your life ( unless you go back to university , of course ) .
The most attention you ’ll ever get from a corporate course is a couple of weeks of somewhat bored oversight .
A shelter where you can develop yourself
The “ real world ” is a harsh place , where , as I have said , no one will care whether you ’re growing as a person .
Once you ’re working full time , on your start - up or otherwise , it becomes incredibly difficult to find the time to invest in extra- curricular things which you really want to do .
At university , it ’s easy — you might decide to learn a new language , or even start a start - up on the side , and still have time for your social life and to take your studies seriously .
Once you leave that shelter , however , you ’ll have to surmount tall obstacles to find the time to do what you want .
Meet interesting people
Last but not least , to me , the most fascinating aspect of university was the people I met there .
I ’ve yet to find myself again surrounded by so many smart and interesting people , from college professors to students .
Moreover , you get to meet all those people in a low - stress , low - competition environment where you can really become friends with them .
Making friends in the work - place is much more delicate and takes a lot longer .
Even if you ’re looking at it from a start - up point of view , you will meet many more potential start - up cofounders at university than by going straight to work — whether for your own business or for someone else’s .
But the important thing there is really that you ’ll make friends that you otherwise would n’t have made , at a stage of their life where they ’re growing and learning many new things , and build personal connections that are priceless not from a business point of view , but from a personal point of view .
Life is about more than business .
Conclusion
There are many good reasons to go to university .
You ’ll notice that I did n’t list job training among them , because , unless your vocation requires a degree , that is not the best reason to go to university .
If you can go to university without being financially irresponsible , then it is personally irresponsible not to — especially if your reason for avoiding college is that you have a start - up idea to work on .
I hope this helps .
There are no doubt many other reasons to go to university .
Let me know your thoughts below .
reddit
v *it 3 - 5 3s pr act ind it sees , he does see , she is seeing
Latin :
William Whitaker 's Words .
Some lessons in contracting learned by being a slave programmer .
When the tech bubble burst , I was young and inexperienced .
The local ISP where I ’d been learning PHP laid me off , so I struck out on my own doing freelance web development .
They say you have to learn through mistakes ( ( Some disagree , but failure was the learning tool I had at my disposal . ) ) , and software engineering books usually enumerate the kinds of mistakes available for you to make .
Fortunately for my learning , I made all of these mistakes in one project .
The Project
A guy from California found my site and gave me a call .
He was so authoritative and businesslike and American that he swept me up for a ride .
He was ex-middle management from a Fortune 500 company in Silicon Valley , and he was founding a startup on a very limited budget .
He quickly became known to my friends and family as California Guy .
The product he envisioned was a hosted project management web app .
The starting point was some open source PHP code that had been abandoned by its creator .
His request was for a fixed bid on a set of improvements , both design and functionality .
This opportunity both excited and frightened me .
The previous contract I ’d done was a site from scratch and had taken about 80 hours , and I ’d learned a lot since then .
Based on that information , for improving an existing system I bid using 50 hours at $ 20 / hour ( ( He talked me down from $ 25 , which he said was high .
This is always hard to fend of for people starting off who do n’t have connections in the industry .
I was a newbie , and we both knew it . ) ) .
I thought $ 20 / hour was workable , since at the ISP I was making less .
I thought wrong .
As you may know , fixed bids are very dangerous things to make .
Even for hourly projects , you might not bill for every single hour you spend , depending on how diligent you are about billing for administration time , estimates , and such .
Of course , fixed bids can work if you have crystal clear requirements , a strict scope , and strong understanding of the task at hand .
I had none of those things .
I was n’t even allowed to see the code before I made the bid , although I talked my way into seeing the system in action via webcast .
Taking Off
The web app was rendering using a clutter of frames , which obviously had to go .
The visual design was horrible , the usability was horrible , the whole thing was horrible .
At first , this excited me because making improvements to something horrible should be easy .
It was , at first .
At first glance I thought the variable names were weird , but I was n’t so fortunate .
The variable names were actually in Russian .
Ripping out the frames proved out of the question , since they were n’t a design choice , but rather an architecture choice .
Soon I was spending a lot of my time fighting against a vortex of tight coupling , magic numbers , presentational HTML , and variable names I could n’t read .
This is when the “ requirements ” started to rear their ugly head .
Although I knew in principle that having good requirements is important , I did n’t have a firm grasp on what that meant .
For example , our bullet point “ Supports popular , modern browsers ” to me meant IE 5.5+ , Mozilla , Safari .
To him , it meant IE 5 , various versions of his favourite browser Opera , and ( seriously ) Netscape 4 .
At this point Netscape 4 had about 1 % market share , and did n’t really support CSS .
Crashing Down
Pretty soon , all - nighters were the norm to meet the milestone deadlines .
The visual design parts were some of the deadliest , since he was using me to iterate all sorts of ideas and approaches .
With a properly designed sematics - markup site this would n’t be too bad , but just changing the colours on this thing could take hours in Photoshop and PHP .
Although I became wary of his change requests , I was too eager to please the customer to stick up for myself , and he knew how to get what he wanted .
After a couple months of this , I burnt out .
Once I ’d worked five times the number of hours in my estimate , I had to call it the end .
Of course any sane individual would have walked away long before this , but I had n’t had an income in months and was irrational .
I needed to get paid , right then .
Although he wished we had met the original “ requirements ” , he was very positive on the work I ’d done , and thanked me effusively for everything .
Months of repeated reminders later , I finally got the cheque .
Well , I got a cheque : he underpaid by 20 % .
When I complained , he said that I under - delivered .
I ended up making way less than minimum wage ( ( This was much less fun than when I did it on purpose . ) ) , and I ’m pretty sure he did n’t feel bad about it .
I was resentful , insulted , bitter , and getting sick of ramen noodles .
Redemption
It was n’t until years later that I was contacted by another California Guy .
I was then working for a company that did software contracting .
I did internal projects that had nice users , nice code , and nice hours .
When California Guy 2 came along , my instinct was to run like hell .
Initially , California Guy 2 was almost exactly like the first .
He did n’t know exactly what he wanted , but he wanted a lot of it , and he wanted it ASAP .
The project was to base a polished product off of incomplete open source PHP , whose code was disorganized .
He wanted fixed bids , and even lived within miles of the last Guy .
The Guy was similar , but I was different .
Having learned an expensive lesson , I structured the project very differently .
I did hours of analysis beforehand , developing requirements and detailing what he meant by them .
Since he wanted fixed bids , I bid on small chunks at a time , capped at a certain number of hours .
All time I spent , including meetings and email , counted against the total .
Sometimes I felt bad about counting 15 minutes for a quick email , but if there ’s no cost for a service , the demand is going to skyrocket .
When he wanted arbitrary design changes or creative requirements changes , I would always oblige .
Before I did , though , he had to choose what other thing he wanted to punt from this phase into the next one .
He did n’t always like it , but pretty quickly he got a sense of how long certain things would take , and prioritized his requests based on their cost .
At first I was skeptical , tense , and irritable .
The haunting memories of the last California Guy kept me suspicious that the project would fail .
Instead , after each phase he came back for more .
We got paid promptly by offering to suspend work on the current phase if a cheque was late .
After quite a few equally - sized bids and successes , both sides parted ways amicably .
We got paid , I got to sleep , and today his site is still running , almost exactly as I left it .
Long ago I wanted to meet the first California Guy so I could tell him off .
Now , I want to meet him so I can thank him .
Former GOP Rep. wants Cramer ' looked at ' for market manipulation David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday March 12 , 2009
Print This Email This Jon Stewart 's blasts at the misleading advice offered over the last year by financial network CNBC have been a comedy staple on The Daily Show for over a week .
But not everybody is laughing -- and now one former congressman is suggesting that CNBC's Jim Cramer should be investigated for possible stock market manipulation when he was the manager of a large hedge fund .
" I think he 's become a poster child for why hedge funds need more regulation and transparency , " former Virginia Representative Tom Davis told CNN on Thursday .
Davis 's remarks were sparked by a video from 2006 , which has now gone viral , in which Mad Money host Cramer explained on his own website how he could influence stock prices a hedge fund manager .
" You take a bunch of stocks and make sure that they 're higher , " Cramer suggests in the video .
" Maybe commit five billion in capital to it .
...
No one else in the world would ever admit that , but I do n't care . "
When asked , " Is any of this illegal ? "
Davis replied , " It was n't , but it should be . "
" He may well have crossed the line , " Davis continued .
" I think that 's something somebody ought to be looking at .
I think the tragedy is , over the last few years , nobody 's been looking at this at all "
Davis , a moderate Republican , served as chairman of the House Government Reform Committee from 2003 to 2007 , when it was known for exercising almost no oversight of the Bush administration .
CNBC declined to comment on Davis 's remarks , but CNN obtained a statement from Cramer saying , " No one knows and respects the securities laws more than I do .
...
When I was a hedge fund trader in the 1990's , I played fair and I did nothing that violated those laws . "
The Daily Show 's comedy barage began last week when CNBC's Rick Santelli cancelled an appearance with Stewart , then switched its focus to Cramer 's erratic record of stock tips .
Cramer is scheduled to make a guest appearance on The Daily Show tonight .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Mar. 12 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
We found my wife ’s old Atari 2600 at her mother ’s house a few months back .
I ’ve been fiddling around with it off - and - on ever since .
Sadly I discovered that it was missing some pieces .
Thanks to what must have been divine intervention , I found the final piece I needed this past weekend .
With great anticipation and trepidation I inserted the Pac - Man cartridge and clicked the power toggle to “ on ” .
I did n’t realize it , but I was holding my breath hoping it would work .
The moment between flipping the power toggle and seeing the result on the screen felt like an eternity , but was actually probably less than a second .
Astonishingly my house was filled with glorious plinky music and my TV shone with a beautiful 128 - color palette !
Within seconds , I heard my wife shout from the other room , “ I hear Atari ! ”
This was amazing because she had no idea I was working on the machine , and she had n’t heard the music from these games in probably 25 years .
Moments after the machine was turned on , my nine year old step - son came running into the room .
Most likely he could sense that his fondness for video games is directly descended from this machine .
Perhaps some sort of genetic race memory .
We set him up with a few games : Pac - Man , Space Invaders , Video Pinball , and Chopper Command .
Below you can see him tackling Space Invaders .
On a related note , I was nearly in tears when I discovered that the cartridges no longer worked for Pitfall and Q*bert .
We discovered very quickly that the controller ’s response was n’t very good anymore .
I guess 25 + years of entropy had an effect .
The next photo is him in mortal combat with Blinky , Pinky , Inky and Clyde .
Chopper Command and Video Pinball seemed to grab his interest more than the slower - paced games such as Pac - Man or Space Invaders .
I had forgotten with Space Invaders that once you shot , you could not shoot again until your bullet had either hit something or run off the top of the screen .
That is extraordinarily frustrating while playing .
He was pretty excited once we discovered how to set the auto - fire on Chopper Command – more destruction in less time .
Frustration was also compounded because the controllers were n’t responding as well as we ’d like .
Overall , he played Atari for about 30 to 35 minutes .
While my wife and I were caught up in the nostagala , he was clearly underwhelmed by the graphics and playbability of these games .
As soon as he could politely excuse himself , he was back to his Club Penguin and Playstation II Lego Indiana Jones .
Most liquid soaps in America are now antibacterial .
©
It seems like everything is " antibacterial " these days .
About 75 percent of liquid soaps currently on shelves in American grocery stores display that word on their labels , and we are constantly adding new antibacterial products to our cleansing arsenals .
So are we cleaner now than ever before ?
Some experts say no .
First let 's take a look at how soap works on a chemical level .
To make soap , you need to combine an acid and a base ( or alkali ) .
The acid is fat ( fatty acids and triglycerides ) , and the base is sodium hydroxide ( NaOH ) .
The mixture causes the fatty acids to separate from the triglycerides and fuse with the hydroxide ions , forming a salt that we call " soap . "
Soap has two main functions :
Advertisement
Advertisement
Decrease water 's surface tension
Bind to dirt , oil and bacteria
It can do these things because one part of the soap molecule is hydrophilic ( water - binding ) and the other is hydrophobic ( water - repellent ) .
The hydrophilic part allows the hydrophobic fatty acids to come into contact with other hydrophobic substances , such as the dirt on the surface that is being cleaned .
When the grime adheres to the soap 's fatty acids , it becomes encapsulated in droplets of water .
Dirt , oil and bacteria are easily scrubbed off and washed away in this suspended state .
So ordinary soap does get rid of bacteria .
But does antibacterial soap get rid of even more ?
Possibly .
But there are several main points to consider in our antibacterial craze :
The antibacterial components of soaps ( usually triclosan or , less commonly , triclocarbon ) need to be left on a surface for about two minutes in order to work .
Most people are not this patient , and end up washing off the soap before the antibacterial ingredients can do their job .
Some scientists theorize that bacteria may develop a resistance to bactericidal agents over time .
benefit us .
The normal population of bacteria on our bodies not only eats our Some bacteria actuallyus .
The normal population of bacteria on our bodies not only eats our sweat , but also helps defend us against truly harmful , invasive bacteria .
Many common diseases are viral in nature , anyway , and are therefore not prevented by antibacterial products .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , antibacterial soaps are not necessary , but washing your hands thoroughly with ordinary soap and warm water is one of the most effective ways to ward off infection .
For more information on antibacterial soap and related topics , check out the links on the next page .
All I can say is , it 's about goddamned time :
Creators of the original Singing Tesla Coils , the crew of ArcAttack uses high tech wizardry to present music in a whole new light .
ArcAttack employs a unique DJ set up of their own creation ( an HVDJ set up ) to generate an ' electrifying ' audio visual performance .
The HVDJ pumps music through a PA System while two specially designed DRSSTC's ( Dual - Resonant Solid State Tesla Coils ) act as separate synchronized instruments .
These high tech machines produce an electrical arc similar to a continuous lightning bolt which put out a crisply distorted square wave sound reminiscent of the early days of synthesizers .
The music consists of original highly dance - able electronic compositions that sometimes incorporates themes or dub of popular songs .
Joe DiPrima and Oliver Greaves are the masterminds behind the design and construction of the Tesla Coils while the music is developed by John DiPrima and Tony Smith .
Here ’s a fun way to keep track of time .
Designer Mike Mak ’s Eyeclock tells time with a pair of slowly rotating disks that look like cartoon eyeballs .
The position of the left eyeball signifies hours , while the right one is minutes .
Depending on the time of day , the eyes might be looking up ( like at high noon ) , down ( 6:30 ) , right ( 9:45 ) or left ( 3:15 ) .
The wackiest times of day are probably 3:45 and 6:00 , although 3:50 is a pretty goofy time too :
The only thing missing from the clock is a couple of bubble - shaped plastic domes over each of the eyeballs .
Speaking of googly eyes , I think this clock would be perfect for this guy …
[ via 25togo ]
Are skimpy outfits actually empowering ?
A POINT OF VIEW
An exposed bra .
Skimpy hotpants .
Does dressing like a soft porn star actually empower a woman , or is she simply exploiting herself , asks Katharine Whitehorn .
Last week the National Union of Journalists , backed by Equity , the actors ' union , held a conference in London about images of women in the media .
A lad mag courted University Challenge sensation Gail Trimble Images which range from the depiction of Madonna 's latest struggle with family life to women forced into Asian marriages .
But more typically reacting to Gail Trimble 's University Challenge success by inviting her to do a " tasteful " photo shoot for the men 's magazine Nuts .
Tasteful meaning , I suppose , wearing a mortarboard as well as a casually opened academic gown .
Unsurprisingly , she turned them down .
Inevitably , much of the discussion revolved around the presence , or sad lack of it , of female journalists , photographers , producers and editors , who control it all .
There were the usual depressing statistics , which included the small numbers of women on the national executive of the journalists ' union , in spite of greater numbers of women coming into the profession ( or should I say trade - do n't answer that ) - four out of 34 .
And on the subject of money , 29 % of women journos were low paid but only 16 % of men .
Some of the gloomy figures were provided by the Fawcett Society 's Bristol group , where they 've held Reclaim the Night rallies and such .
Rebekah Wade , who has fought to retain Page Three girls
They 're a vigorous bunch , it 's good to know that feminism is alive and well and living in Bristol .
They - we - cling to this hope , springing eternal , that if there were far more women at the top , women 's interests would be better served .
Just the way we thought a woman prime minister would be less aggressive and a woman home secretary less likely to muddle her expenses .
There are now a few women editors , though there 's been no noticeable outbreak of sober feminism in the Sun since Rebekah Wade took over .
And the world of TV and radio has enough female high - ups and producers to annoy Jeremy Paxman , which has to be good .
Own worst enemy
You might say it does n't matter that much who 's actually in charge , if women can have decent jobs and a good time doing them .
But when the bosses are always men , you have to come up with what they want .
KATHARINE WHITEHORN
Young girls so often think that being as sexy and outrageous as the boys is " empowering " - they do n't have any sense of being bamboozled or exploited
Hear Radio 4's A Point of View Some time ago , before Baroness Jean Denton went into politics , she was running the fleets and leasing part of Herondrive .
Realising that it was often a woman in charge of such fleets , she co-operated with a car firm to stage a day at a stately home where they could show off their cars .
The press were invited , and Jean 's staff were told to be charming and helpful to them .
One photographer immediately lined up several of the prettier ones gazing into the bonnet of a car .
" Come on , dear , just hitch that skirt up a bit - yeah , thanks , that 's grand . "
And the picture came out with a dismissive caption - that this was a day meant to interest women in the cars , but when something went wrong , they did what women always do - turn to a man .
We were all furious and I made a mental note that if the writer - Terry something - ever wanted a job on The Observer I 'd do my best make sure he did n't get it .
Only Terry turned out to be a woman .
And you see the difficulty .
If that 's what the paper wanted and she did n't come up with it , the reaction would be that it 's no good sending a girl , they never come back with the story you want .
Blokettes Apart from our numbers in big jobs , though , what most concerned the conference was the near - pornographic portrayal of women in what were supposed to be mainstream magazines .
( I gather the real top shelf is not doing too well commercially , because the most dedicated hard porn seekers can get it harder and dirtier on the net . )
Jodie Marsh empowers herself " When we complained about it , " one of the Bristol women said , " we were told that lads mags were part of a young man 's growing up process , that we could n't alter them . "
Which makes no more moral sense , I 'd have thought , than if you 'd said in the 19th Century that you should n't worry about the ghastly conditions of girls in brothels because being taken by your uncle to your first prostitute was a rite of passage for young men .
It 's not so much the lads , though , as the lasses that these women were really worried about , as sexy magazines are aimed at younger and younger markets .
Young girls so often see being able to behave badly as a right to be fought for ; that being as sexy and outrageous as the boys is " empowering " .
They do n't have any sense of being bamboozled or exploited .
And if anyone doubts it , look at the fact that girls think it 's simply hilarious to " sext " their boyfriends - send a photo of themselves naked on their mobiles .
They do n't know much about the darker side of sexploitation - tyrannical pimps , the near - slavery of the girls trafficked into this country for sex - let alone what lap dancing outings for businessmen do to any idea of a level playing field for females .
Though when it comes to journalism , according to a high - up in the Murdoch empire , " journalists do n't go to lap clubs .
They 're much too exhausted . "
Pigeon - toed
Of course there have been teen magazines since the 1960s , and even the Girls ' Own Paper before the war , but they were very different .
In fact the way women have figured in magazine pictures across the board has changed vastly over the years .
A model then ...
Fifty years ago women were all clean and bright - eyed and fresh looking - housewives and brides in Woman 's Own , haughty and remote in Vogue .
Now they not only look far younger - Vogue used to have a feature showing clothes for mature women called Mrs Exeter , it 's decades since they dropped it - but the girls are all too often like sulky schoolgirls , with that irritating cliche of the toes turned in to look deliberately gawky .
There 's an interesting difference , though , between fashion pictures in magazines and those in mail order catalogues .
Fashion pictures are there to give an impression of a style - they can be dark and moody and weird .
In catalogues the models all , without exception , have to look happy , as if they enjoyed wearing the clothes ( one girl particularly good at looking delighted with life at all times is a born - again Christian ; one of her employers said sourly " she suffers from chronic joy " ) .
... and now And another big selling point in the catalogues , of course , is that it may say sizes 10 - 32 , small , medium and enormous , but it will be shown on a size 12 at most - it simply would n't sell otherwise .
For the question is always whether you show women as they are , or as they would like to be : are pictures aspirational , do they actually affect how women think of themselves , look , behave ?
I am always inclined to think that the media is a megaphone , rather than a starting gun ; that we only blare out a louder version of what 's happening anyway .
It 's arguable , though , that some groups are more easily influenced than others - hence our greater worry about teen mags than the filth that is always with us .
Women 's page
It would be easy to be too depressed by raucous magazines and repellent pictures and the lack of women running the various bits of the media .
But as far as newspapers are concerned , it would be daft to forget that things are so incomparably better for women than they were 50 or 60 years ago .
At that point there was a women 's page that concerned itself with clothes , a spot of cooking , an occasional nod towards a bit of undemanding culture .
Fashion journalists in the 1950s
And there were a few specialist women writers , for example the great film critics CA Lejeune on the Observer , Dilys Powell on the Sunday Times .
But otherwise newspapers were about hard news , sport , politics , foreign news and business - things worthy of the attention of busy men .
And then came Mary Stott of the Manchester Guardian as it then was , who , though an outstanding deputy chief sub-editor , was packed off to the women 's page because " we have to train the next chief subeditor and that of course has to be a man " .
She transformed women 's pages completely , putting on them everything that figured in women 's lives : not just clothes and cooking or even culture , but health matters , education , how the law affected them , human relationships .
And that , carried on by her disciple George Seddon on the Observer , was the start of a wave of what Felicity Green , marvellous deputy editor of the Daily Mirror ( where she was doing a similar job of erasing the gulf between the women 's stuff and " proper " journalism ) , called " the feminisation of Fleet Street " .
The pinnacle of achievement for some Feature pages in all the papers now carry stacks of columns by women and features on all the subjects that Mary and George thought were important and interesting .
Maybe the media is an imperfect mirror of real life ; though perhaps more realistic than when taboos were stronger and papers smaller .
Only trouble is , we columnists now have our own faces at the top of the column - and we always hate our pictures .
But perhaps it's like the woman in the AA Milne play who , needing an alias , chose Jennifer Bulger - because " if you 're called Bulger you 're always a pleasant surprise . "
There may be something to be said for looking better , not worse , than your picture .
Below is a selection of your comments .
In seven years of living in the UK I was always utterly shocked by British newspapers and their Page Three girls .
I wondered why we do not have Page Three girls in Canadian national newspapers .
I realised that no one working within journalism would allow it .
Why ?
As this article accurately predicts , women are everywhere in the work force , including , on top .
Shaw , Canada , ex- North West England
Did the conference come up with any practical ways to halt this rising tide of denigrating females ?
Did any of the journalists present make any kind of commitment to push for change ?
I agree that the media is more of a " ' megaphone , rather than a starting gun , " but I wish it was instead a mirror on society - showing us what we are becoming and inspiring us to make adjustments .
What we need is a true image ; reporting , content and input which upholds a true view of what it is to be a good woman and the penalties of selling ourselves cheap .
In the days of the Suffragettes , women put themselves on the line for their sisters , even suffered to help change society .
Perhaps women journalists , broadcasters , designers , actresses , writers , directors and artists need to start taking a stand on these issues , no matter what the cost to their career or social standing .
We need brave men and women to see the bigger picture - show us that picture - encouraging us all to act in a way which will transform society .
Melissa Hall , Wales Feminism is alive and well and living in Bristol .
I have not seen so many women , and young ones too , working together on feminist issues since the Women 's Liberation movement in the 1970s .
This gives me hope even if the magazines in the newsagents and MTV do n't - traditional female concerns are now more mainstream and women have more choices .
But the portrayal of women has definitely got less respectful and more pornographic .
And girls are seduced by that as well as boys , natch .
Elisabeth Winkler , Bristol , UK Katharine - many thanks for this , and especially for the mention of Mary Stott , a neglected heroine of the women 's movement .
David Doughan , London , England Sorry , ladies , but contorting your body into a male fantasy has really nothing to do with feminism .
Admittedly , a tiny percentage of women , regardless of their actual talent , can make a lot of money by baring their boobs ; but it really does nothing at all for the vast majority trying to juggle a career with child - care .
John Cahill , London , UK
One thing I find interesting is how few women 's authors are read by men .
There may be the odd book or two , but ask the next man you meet what books he has read by women and I bet they struggle to name more than a couple .
The whole " chick lit " and " chick flick " thing is hugely annoying and invariably refers to where the protagonist is female .
However , male protagonist - led stuff is not defined by this .
Sigh .
Helen , Bristol
Oh dear .
When given an opportunity to write an incisive piece about what is wrong with the portrayal of women in the media and their lack of representation in journalism , Katharine Whitehorn finishes with a comment about how she dislikes the picture at the top of her column .
Could she do any more to reinforce the negative opinion male editors may have of women journalists ?
Colin , Colchester I love the quote , " the media is a megaphone , rather than a starting gun " .
This encapsulates the exact way I feel about the media , especially in American society .
The media is given far too much credit , and people decide they no longer need to think .
Bravo for calling them , and all young women , out on the matter .
Anna , Portland , Or , US After leaving the RAF and working in the City I was surprised by what I saw .
Men dressed in suits and women casual in the same office .
I politely spoke to my boss ( a women ) and asked why women were not wearing suits ( in the RAF everyone wears uniform ) .
She said that women " did not have to but could wear anything " .
If I had to choose who I was doing business with , my first impression would be the suit , not the casually dressed individual .
I had great respect for feminism , but this seems to have evolved into something else ...
James , London
It has always bothered me that all the girls I know constantly feel the need to get completely drunk , go out half - naked and " pull " a guy .
To some extent all that the men's rights movement did for us was to free us up to become more like man 's ideal image of a woman .
In many respects women 's and men's rights are things that we need to constantly fight for - or we 'll never get the balance right .
Amy Soyka , Leeds
Call me purist , but newspapers are for news , not titillation .
I spent a number of years working in an industry where the Sun and its ilk were widely read and naked calendars were abundant .
At the time it all washed over me .
We are supposed to be a civilised society , and yet we belittle and degrade everyone at the drop of a hat .
Politicians talk about the lack of respect we show each other and about the self - destruction of our society , and yet this flagrant put - down goes un-tethered .
No - one cares any more because we 're all made to believe that unless you live up to the perfect image , you 're nothing .
TH , Lancshire Women and girls are so blinded by this " new " empowering by means of sex , that they really do not understand just how much men are not changing their view of women .
They are the ones who are still in control of how they prefer to view women and girls whether we like it or not .
Just because there is the " look , but do not touch unless we are the ones who say yes or no " , it is being confused visually by its message .
Seanne , Pueblo , CO , US Perhaps the problem with women and the media is that there are too many women like you who write sentences such as " But otherwise newspapers were about hard news , sport , politics , foreign news and business - things worthy of the attention of busy men . "
And if these subjects genuinely do n't interest sufficient women , is it any wonder that the men who are at the top of the media circles just see women as a bunch of air - heads only interested in recipes and Mills & Boon ?
David L , Hertford Girls and women who aspire to be strippers , Page
Three girls etc are actually co-opting in their own degradation for social approval .
They are socialised into sexist stereotypes and think that to be accepted or liked they have to act and dress like prostitutes - intelligence , humour or achievements are sidelined .
This is not what gender equality is about whatsoever .
It is so sad that they use a word like empower to justify their conformity to sexualised images that are owned by largely men .
Our society is saturated with sexualised imagery in a way it simply was not in the 1980s when I was growing up .
It is no surprise that girls emulate the false - sexist - idols elevated by the media .
A Taylor , Leamington Spa A woman who chooses to walk down the road in a pair of hotpants or texts nude pictures is not comparable to the obscene exploitation that goes on in trafficking , brothels etc .
Sadly these are down to pure greed on the part of the people running such operations .
The same , although to a lesser degree , applies to the rampant commercialism in modern publishing that chooses to portray top shelf imagery in supposedly lower shelf fare .
The thought of more women in senior roles altering this is naive : the same greed and pandering to commercial pressures applies .
Steve , London
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Description : Sexy Sandy slips out of her see through underwear and waits for her Valentine to come over .
Any volunteers ?
Views : 152226 Date : 02/14/09 Favorited : 12
July 1 , 2008 : Lion Whisperer
Mail Online , tells about this crazy dude in Africa .
Quote : Animal behaviourist Kevin Richardson has such an intimate bond with big cats that he can spend the night curled up with them without the slightest fear of attack .
Richardson , 32 , who is based in a wildlife conservation area near Johannesburg in South Africa , works his unusual magic on other species too .
Cheetahs , leopards and even unpredictable hyenas hold no threats for him .
The next Steve Irwin ?
Think any insurance company was dumb enough to give him a life insurance policy ?
He will eventually be eaten .
They are just trying to get friendly with their next meal and when he lets his guard down ...
Wammmmmmo !
Time to eat .
Maybe he 's packing catnip in those cargo pants .
And I agree that he will be mauled at some point in the normal course of big cats being themselves .
He is double - plus crazy to frolic with the hyenas that are delightfully strange in all ways - and are not big cats .
I always got yelled at for playing with MY food !
This guy was good with big cats too .
Quote : dar512 Originally Posted by This guy was good with big cats too .
You know , it 's just amazing that he was wearing the same clothes each time he encountered each of these wild animals .
And , by " wild " , I mean tame ( as tame as lions get anyway ) .
And by " amazing " , I mean I think he 's fulla shit .
As a side note , do lions and black panthers / jaguars share the same type of habitat ?
I know that a few decades ago black panthers used to hang out mainly in Los Angeles , but I do n't know what they 're up to now ...
Actually , he 's just giving them a false sense of security before he eats them .
That 's his lucky shirt .
We 'll read about him again sometime I 'm sure .
First time a lion smells hyena on him he 's toast , , er cat food .
We 've certainly come a long way since Clyde Beatty , though .
he got eaten .
this link could have been a rick roll , but it 's not .
it 's an interview with rick astley talking about rick rolling .
Does n't matter , nobody will click your links anymore , anyway . :
p
lick it , or click it .....i'm unmoved either way .
Quote : lumberjim Originally Posted by he got eaten .
this link could have been a rick roll , but it 's not .
it 's an interview with rick astley talking about rick rolling .
Toxic assets are n't difficult to sell if the price is right .
Hedge funds and private - equity firms are buying bonds based on risky home loans at prices as low as five cents on the dollar as banks , insurance companies and pension funds are forced to unload these securities that continue to lose value .
This is happening at a time when the government is still trying to work out how best to value these assets and entice investors to buy mortgage assets that are clogging up banks ' books .
Meantime , investors with an appetite for risk are swooping in to help those desperate to find buyers for unwanted debt .
" The forced selling of residential mortgage - backed securities and the lack of willing buyers is creating opportunity in this sector , " said Pete Nolan , principal at Smith Breeden Associates in Durham , N.C .
The selling is forced primarily because conservative investors want to get rid of nonperforming assets , especially those that are facing ratings downgrades .
There are few willing buyers because there is less money to spend , Mr. Nolan said .
Update 2009 - 02 - 12 : The comment period has now closed .
Thank you to everyone who sent comments .
Last year , the Free Software Foundation issued an alert to efforts at the Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) to sneak a patent - encumbered standard for " TLS authorization " through a back - door approval process that was referenced as " experimental " or " informational " .
The many comments sent to IETF at that time alerted committee members to this attempt and successfully prevented the standard gaining approval .
Unfortunately , attempts to push through this standard have been renewed and become more of a threat .
The proposal now at the IETF has a changed status from " experimental " to " proposed standard " .
The FSF is again issuing an alert and request for comments to be sent urgently and prior to the February 11 deadline to ietf@ietf.org .
Please include us in your message by a CC to campaigns@fsf.org .
You should also expect an automated reply from ietf@ietf.org , which you will need to answer to confirm your original message .
That patent in question is claimed by RedPhone Security .
RedPhone has given a license to anyone who implements the protocol , but they still threaten to sue anyone that uses it .
If our voice is strong enough , the IETF will not approve this standard on any level unless the patent threat is removed entirely with a royalty - free license for all users .
Here is the comment submitted by the FSF .
Further background for your comment
See the IETF summary .
Much of the communication on the Internet happens between computers according to standards that define common languages .
If we are going to live in a free world using free software , our software must be allowed to speak these languages .
Unfortunately , discussions about possible new standards are tempting opportunities for people who would prefer to profit by extending proprietary control over our communities .
If someone holds a software patent on a technique that a programmer or user has to use in order to make use of a standard , then no one is free without getting permission from and paying the patent holder .
If we are not careful , standards can become major barriers to computer users having and exercising their freedom .
We depend on organizations like the Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) and the Internet Engineering Steering Group ( IESG ) to evaluate new proposals for standards and make sure that they are not encumbered by patents or any other sort of restriction that would prevent free software users and programmers from participating in the world they define .
In February 2006 , a standard for " TLS authorization " was introduced in the IETF for consideration .
Very late in the discussion , a company called RedPhone Security disclosed ( this disclosure has subsequently been unpublished from the IETF website ) that they applied for a patent which would need to be licensed to anyone wanting to practice the standard .
After this disclosure , the proposal was rejected .
Despite claims that RedPhone have offered a license for implementation of this protocol , users of this protocol would still be threatened by the patent .
The IETF should continue to oppose this standard until RedPhone provide a royalty - free license for all users .
Media Contacts
Peter T. Brown
Executive Director
Free Software Foundation
( 617)542-5942
campaigns@fsf.org
Celebrity Jedi
Chefs is the best galaxy - spanning culinary encounter of all time .
The site rounds up all the very best genre actors and trains them in the art of Jedi cooking .
Advertisement
Jedi Chefs is run by Jedi Master Chef 002 Neil Davidson , and I 'm not sure how he does it ( clearly he is a Master Jedi ) but he 's managed to round up every single actor I adore from Lost , Heroes , BSG , Firefly and Stargate .
I could go on , but the pictures demonstrate it much better :
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
So who are the Jedi Chefs ?
We Jedi Chefs are just like ' normal ' Jedi , but we also cook .
The hierarchy of the Jedi Chef Order is as follows :
There are many JCAs ( Jedi Chef Apprentices ) .
JCAs are the ' workers ' of the Order , dividing their time between carrying out menial ( but necessary ) tasks and training to become JMCs ( Jedi Master Chefs ) .
All JCAs aspire to ascend to JMC status .
The JMCs are the warriors , technicians and heavy drinkers of the Order .
Selected JMCs form the Jedi Chef Senate .
This august body handles the running of the entire Jedi Chef Order , from debating important policy decisions down to day - to - day budget issues .
A small subset of the Senate constitute the secretive Jedi Chef Council .
Operating behind the scenes and outside the " regular channels " , the Council is able to covertly and expertly steer the Order towards further greatness .
Advertisement
Well , we 're not really sure what it 's all about , but we approve and want to be there so , so , so badly .
Thanks to Eat Me Daily for pointing this out .
Hi all !
I am starting yet another article series here .
Remember my two articles on Awk One - Liners Explained and Sed One - Liners Explained ?
They have received more than 150,000 views total now and they attract several thousand new visitors every week .
Inspired by their success , I am going to create my own perl1 line .
txt file and explain every single oneliner in it .
I hope it becomes as popular as awk1 line .
txt and sed1 line .
txt .
A tiny intro to those unfamiliar with the awk1 line .
txt and sed1 line .
txt files – they contain around 80 useful awk and sed one - liners for doing various text file manipulations .
Some examples are double spacing files , numbering lines , reversing text , and replacing certain words .
They were all compiled by Eric Pement .
The article will be divided in seven or more parts .
In parts 1 - 6 I 'll create the one - liners and explain them , and in the last part I will release the perl1 line .
txt file .
I found that splitting the article in many parts is much easier to get it written and that 's what I will do .
Here is the general plan :
These one - liners will make heavy use of Perl special variables .
Luckily , a few years ago I compiled all the special vars in a single file and called it Perl special variable cheat - sheet .
Even tho it's mostly copied out of perldoc perlvar , it 's still handy to have in front of you .
I suggest that you print it so that you always had them in front of you and you could memorize them faster .
Awesome news : I have written an e-book based on this article series .
Check it out :
Other than that , I can't wait to start writing the article , so here I go :
File Spacing
1. Double space a file .
perl - pe ' $ \ = "
" '
This one - liner double spaces a file .
There are three things to explain in this one - liner .
The " - p " and " - e " command line options , and the " $ \ " variable .
First let 's start with the " - e " option .
The " - e " option can be used to enter a Perl program directly in the command line .
Typically you do n't want to create source files for every small program .
By using " - e " you can handily specify the program to execute on the command line .
Next the " - p " switch .
Specifying " - p " to a Perl program causes it to assume the following loop around your program :
while ( <>) { # your program goes here } continue { print or die " - p failed : $!
" ; }
This construct loops over all the input , executes your code and prints the value of " $ " .
This way you can effectively modify all or some lines of input .
The " $ " variable can be explained as an anonymous variable that gets filled with the good stuff .
The " $ \ " variable is similar to ORS in Awk .
It gets appended after every " print " operation .
Without any arguments " print " prints the contents of " $ _ " ( the good stuff ) .
In this one - liner the code specified by " - e " is ' $ \ = "
" ' , thus the whole program looks like this :
while ( <> ) { $ \ = "
" ; } continue { print or die " - p failed : $!
" ; }
What happens is that after reading each line , " $ " gets filled with it ( including the existing line 's newline ) , the " $ \ " gets set to a newline itself and " print " is called .
As I already mentioned , without any arguments " print " prints the contents of " $ " and " $ \ " gets appended at the end .
The result is that each line gets printed unmodified and it's followed by the " $ \ " which has been set to newline .
The input has been double - spaced .
There is actually no need to set " $ \ " to newline on each line .
It was just the shortest possible one - liner that double - spaced the file .
Here are several others that do the same :
perl - pe ' BEGIN { $ \ = "
" }'
This one sets the " $ \ " to newline just once before Perl does anything ( BEGIN block gets executed before everything else ) .
perl - pe '$ _ .= "
" '
This one - liner is equivalent to :
while ( <>) { $ _ = $ _ . "
" } continue { print or die " - p failed : $!
" ; }
It appends another new - line at the end of each line , then prints it out .
The cleanest and coolest way to do it is probably use the substitution " s/// " operator :
perl - pe 's /$/
/'
It replaces the regular expression " $ " that matches at the end of line with a newline , effectively adding a newline at the end .
2. Double space a file , except the blank lines .
perl - pe '$ _ .= "
" unless /^$ /'
This one - liner double spaces all lines that are not completely empty .
It does it by appending a newline character at the end of each line that is not blank .
The " unless " means " if not " .
And " unless /^$ / " means " if not ' beginning is end of line ' " .
The condition " beginning is end of line " is true only for lines that contain the newline character .
Here is how it looks when expanded :
while ( <>) { if ( $ _ !~ /^$ / ) { $ _ .= "
" } } continue { print or die " - p failed : $!
" ; }
A better test that takes spaces and tabs on the line into account is this one :
perl - pe '$ _ .= "
" if /\S / '
Here the line is matched against " \S " . " \S " is a regular expression that is the inverse of " \s " .
The inverse of " \s " is any non-whitespace character .
The result is that every line that has at least one non-whitespace character ( tab , vertical tab , space , etc ) gets double spaced .
3. Triple space a file .
perl - pe ' $ \ = "
" '
Or
perl - pe '$ _. = "
" '
They are the same as one - liner # 1 , except that two new - lines get appended after each line .
4. N - space a file .
perl - pe '$ _. = "
" x7 '
This one - liner uses inserts 7 new lines after each line .
Notice how I used '"
" x 7 ' to repeat the newline char 7 times .
The " x " operator repeats the thing on the left N times .
For example :
perl -e ' print " foo " x5 '
would print " foofoofoofoofoo " .
5 . Add a blank line before every line .
perl - pe 's //
/'
This one - liner uses the " s/ pattern / replacement / " operator .
It substitutes the first pattern ( regular expression ) in the " $ _ " variable with the replacement .
In this one - liner the pattern is empty , meaning it matches any position between chars ( and in this case it's the position before first char ) and replaces it with "
" .
The effect is that a newline char gets inserted before the line .
6. Remove all blank lines .
perl - ne ' print unless /^$ /'
This one - liner uses " - n " flag .
The " - n " flag causes Perl to assume to following loop around your program :
LINE : while ( <>) { # your program goes here }
What happens here is that each line gets read by the diamond " < > " operator and is placed in the dolar underscore special variable " $ _ " .
At this moment you are free to do with it whatever you want .
You specify that in your main program text .
In this one - liner the main program is " print unless /^$ / " , it gets inserted in the while loop above and the whole Perl program becomes :
LINE : while ( <>) { print unless /^$ / }
Unraveling it further :
LINE : while ( <> ) { print $ _ unless $ _ =~ /^$ / }
This one - liner prints all non -blank lines .
A few other ways to do the same :
perl - lne ' print if length '
This one uses the " - l " command line argument .
The " - l " automatically chomps the input line ( basically gets rid of newline at the end ) .
Next the line is tested for its length .
If there are any chars left , it evals to true and the line gets printed .
perl - ne ' print if /\S / '
This one - liner behaves differently than the " print unless /^$ / " one - liner .
The " print unless /^$ / " one - liner prints lines with spaces and tabs , this one does n't .
7. Remove all consecutive blank lines , leaving just one .
perl - 00 - pe ''
Ok , this is really tricky , ai n't it ?
First of all it does not have any code , the -e is empty .
Next it has a silly - 00 command line option .
This command line option turns paragraph slurp mode on .
A paragraph is text between two newlines .
All the other newlines get ignored .
The paragraph gets put in " $ _ " and the " - p " option prints it out .
Later I found a shorter version of this one - liner :
perl - 00pe0
8. Compress / expand all blank lines into N consecutive ones .
perl - 00 - pe '$ _. = "
" x4 '
This one - liner combines the previous one and one - liner # 4 .
It slurps lines paragraph wise , then appends ( N - 1 ) new - line .
This one - liner expands ( or compresses ) all new - lines to 5 ( "
" x 4 prints four , and there was one at the end of paragraph itself , so 5 ) .
Perl one - liners explained e-book
I 've now written the " Perl One - Liners Explained " e-book based on this article series .
I went through all the one - liners , improved explanations , fixed mistakes and typos , added a bunch of new one - liners , added an introduction to Perl one - liners and a new chapter on Perl 's special variables .
Please take a look :
Have fun and until next time
Have fun with these file spacing one - liners .
The next part is going to be about line numbering and calculations one - liners and I 'll publish it in the next week or two .
Last month , the Isle of Man announced that it was going to try its governmental hand at addressing rampant music piracy .
At today 's Digital Music Forum East , Ron Berry , the government 's e-Commerce Advisor , detailed how the government came to be a pioneer in a field where many larger nations are struggling , and provided some details about how they expect the system to work .
Two things became clear during the conversation .
The first is that , for Berry and the government of Man , the dive into digital music is simply part of a larger plan to carve a niche into the global digital economy .
For its citizens , however , it will mean that they will be facing an extra fee in their bills for everything from high - speed Internet to basic cell phone service — whether they 're interested in music or not .
The grand plan
The Isle of Man is a crown protectorate , a position that keeps it separate from both the UK and the EU , even though the British Queen is technically the head of state .
For many years , the country used this position to act as a tax shelter but , a decade ago , its government decided it needed to get off the international banking community 's blacklist and diversify its economy .
Its position as a banking center had already left it blessed with lots of high - speed network infrastructure — Berry says that it " punches well above its weight " — which led to a decision to focus on electronic business .
The first big win has been in electronic betting , where Man has become a hub for a number of international operations ; these pay no corporate income tax but agree to maintain a fraction of their earnings in the Manx banking system .
Berry started serving the government several years ago , tasked with expanding Man 's digital businesses beyond this industry .
One of the markets he 's chosen to target is the music business , in part because he recognized that because of rampant piracy throughout Europe , Man found itself " already in the middle of a war . "
Since Man writes its own copyright law , he felt it was in an unusual position to experiment with potential solutions to rampant copyright violations .
In return , it hoped the music industry would view it as a test bed for innovative business approaches — with a fee structure in place , the music business could experiment in Man with things that might cause them to take a bath in other markets .
The fine print
When it comes to the actual plan , Berry was clear that lawsuits and proposed three - strikes plans simply were n't working , a perspective shared with the Distributed Computing Industry Association ( DCIA ) , which is helping line all the interested parties up .
There was n't a significant drop in piracy in response to suits , and three - strikes laws were likely to be extremely difficult to implement .
The alternative , it was decided , was to find a way to legitimize what people were doing anyway , and start developing a revenue stream based on file - sharing .
For Berry , the common factor for piracy is the Internet connection , leaving the ISP or MSP ( mobile service provider ) the place to act .
Again , Man 's situation — there are only three ISPs , and most subscribers use Manx Telecom — made working through the ISPs / MSPs a relatively uncomplicated matter .
There were lots of potential models for extracting fees through the ISPs , and Berry said that various opt- in and opt - out schemes were considered , but , ultimately , it was decided that the only thing that would realistically work was a flat fee on every ISP user .
That means that everyone who accesses the Internet , even if it 's done through a prepaid mobile phone plan , will be facing an additional fee , even if the devices they use can't actually play music .
Clearly , that 's something that might provoke a bit of public outcry , but Berry mentioned a number of reasons why he did n't expect there would be a significant public pushback .
By targeting everyone , the fee would be small — about � 1 a month — that would easily disappear into the fine print of a service plan .
As for complaints from those who do n't use digital music , Berry compared it to situations where people pay for things like public pools as part of their town taxes , even if they do n't swim .
He also noted that Man 's population is familiar with the UK model , where fees are attached to specific services , such as the license fees on television sets that go to support the BBC .
ISPs will be required to install hardware that scans network traffic for fingerprints of shared music files — representatives from noankmedia and Audio Magic , which offer these services , were present at the roundtable .
That will allow the appropriate artists to be compensated from the fee pool based on the percentage of their music that was flowing over the Manx network ; ISPs will also get a cut to maintain the hardware .
Berry was adamant that the system will be set up to accept any compatible hardware , though , so that the government was n't favoring any specific solution .
Value - added options
That lack of favoritism , at least when the program starts , will have its limits .
At its basic level , legitimizing P2P filesharing leaves lots of space for companies like Apple , which already operates in Man .
These companies can compete with free by offering a good experience in finding content with guaranteed quality .
But Berry says the plan is to go beyond legitimizing existing P2P traffic ; ISPs will be given the opportunity to sign their customers up to specific value - added plans .
At launch , customers will have the option of paying extra for a subscription service at � 10 a month , which will simply show up on their Internet service bill .
There are also plans to provide a third level of service , in which the subscription would come with a portable media player capable of handling the content .
Although there are plans to open up these value - added providers to all comers , at launch , each level of service will only be provided by a single company .
When more services are added , customers will have the option of managing their service plans through their ISPs — in essence , Internet connections will be treated like cable TV , but with music .
As far as the government is concerned , it does n't matter who occupies the value - added space , or what service they offer , but it is clearly sanctioning a first - mover advantage , and giving single companies a leg up on their competition .
It also has the potential to allow ISPs to cut favorable deals with music service providers , or to enter the business themselves .
Long term , however , it 's clear that the Manx government views this space as the primary location of music - industry innovation , and may take steps to ensure a fair playing field .
Berry clearly intends that anyone can compete to find the best way to add value to the otherwise chaotic world of P2P , and both Berry and the DCIA representative emphasized that they hope that successful models could emerge from Man and wind up applied to markets in other nations .
Just as clearly , they hoped that the companies behind those models would retain a presence in Man once they hit the big time .
It 's obviously not a perfect system , and the issues are likely to be even larger when it first launches this summer if all goes to plan .
Still , it 's at least an attempt to come to terms with music piracy , and you can bet that a lot of people , including many in the film industry , will be anxiously awaiting some indication of how this grand experiment works out .
( Reuters ) - The United States intends to invite Iran to an international conference on Afghanistan later this month , the first overture from the Obama administration toward Tehran .
WHY IS THE UNITED STATES REACHING OUT TO IRAN ?
The United States and Iran have been at odds since the 1979 Islamic revolution toppled the U.S. - backed shah .
Top of U.S. worries about Iran is the suspicion Tehran is using its nuclear energy program as a cover for building an atomic bomb .
Washington is also concerned by Tehran ’s backing for radical Islamist groups such as Hezbollah and Hamas .
But the United States and Iran share common interests in Afghanistan and if they first work on issues where they might be able to agree , they can then build up trust to move on to thornier problems such as the nuclear dispute .
WHAT DO THE TWO SIDES HAVE IN COMMON ON AFGHANISTAN ?
The United States and Shi’ite Iran share a common dislike for the hardline Sunni Taliban .
Iran nearly went to war with Taliban - ruled Afghanistan in 1998 and Tehran armed Afghan Northern Alliance factions against the austere Islamist movement .
Neither Iran nor the United States want to see the Taliban back in power again .
The United States and Iran also want to see an end to opium and heroin production in Afghanistan ; Washington because it helps fund the Taliban and Tehran because the drugs are smuggled across the border and feed the habits of up to 2 million Iranians .
More than 3,500 Iranian security personnel have been killed fighting drug smugglers since Iran ’s 1979 Islamic revolution .
Both sides have an interest in ensuring a stable Afghanistan .
Trade between Iran and Afghanistan is booming along an Iranian - built road to the western Afghan city of Herat .
Afghanistan has just opened an Indian - built road from the Iranian border linking the main Afghan highway to Iranian ports .
More trade will help Iran but can also bring more prosperity to help stabilize Afghanistan .
WHAT ARE THE STICKING POINTS ?
U.S. military commanders say Iranian - made weaponry , including sophisticated roadside bombs , have been found in Afghanistan .
But no evidence has yet been uncovered to prove Iran ’s government has itself provided the arms to insurgents fighting NATO - led forces and the pro-Western Kabul - government .
Analysts say Tehran does not want to see the hardline Taliban return to power , but might drip feed the insurgents in order to keep U.S. forces tied down and incapable of attacking Iran .
If Tehran is behind some weapons shipments , an atmosphere of greater trust between the United States and Iran would help cut some arms and bomb - making technology to the Taliban .
But Iran ’s government would want concrete guarantees that U.S. forces will not use bases in Afghanistan to attack Iran .
While Iran ’s ruling Shi’ite clerics might not want the Sunni Taliban to succeed in Afghanistan , they might also be reluctant to see a stable democracy emerge across their eastern border .
Ah , yes , $ 500 billion in bailout money here , a trillion in troubled asset purchases there .
We taxpayers are getting so insouciant about the extraordinary figures being bandied about by the captains of finance these days , you ’d think we were still the designated banker in one of those endless games of Monopoly we ’re sorry we suggested to our cousin Dan but he wo n’t let us quit .
Fine , fine , you smug little top hat with all four railroads .
A trillion , a quintillion .
You want that in pinks , greens , yellows or blues ?
Grim though the economic spur may be , some scientists see a slim silver lining in the sudden newsiness of laughably large numbers .
As long as the public is chatting openly about quantities normally expressed in scientific notation , they say , why not talk about what those numbers really mean ?
In fact , they shamelessly promote the benefits of quantitative and scientific reasoning generally .
As they see it , anyone , no matter how post - scholastic or math allergic , can learn basic quantitative reasoning skills , and everyone would benefit from the effort  be less likely to fall for vitamin hucksters , for example , or panic when their plane hits a bumpy patch .
One excellent way to start honing such skills is with a few so - called Fermi problems , named for Enrico Fermi , the physicist who delighted in tossing out the little mental teasers to his colleagues whenever they needed a break from building the atomic bomb .
Here is how it works .
You take a monster of a ponder like , What is the total volume of human blood in the world ?
or ,
If you put all the miles that Americans drive every year end to end , how far into space could you travel ?
and you try to estimate what the answer might be .
You resist your impulse to run away or imprecate .
Instead , you look for a wedge into the problem , and then you calmly , systematically , break it down into edible bits .
Importantly , you are not looking for an exact figure but rather a ballpark approximation , something that would be within an order of magnitude , or a factor of 10 , of the correct answer .
If you got the answer 900 , for example , and the real answer is 200 , you ’re good ; if you got 9,000 , or 20 , you go back and try to find where you went astray .
WASHINGTON 
Well , that did n’t take long .
Just 44 days into the job , and President Obama is going gray .
It happens to all of them , of course  Bill Clinton still had about half a head of brown hair when he took office but was a silver fox two years later , and George W. Bush went from salt and pepper to just salt in what seemed like a blink of an eye .
But so soon ?
“ I started noticing it toward the end of the campaign and leading up to inauguration , ” says Deborah Willis , who , as co-author of “ Obama : The Historic Campaign in Photographs , ” pored through 5,000 photographs of the first head over the last year .
Mr. Obama ’s graying is still of the flecked variety , and appears to wax and wane depending on when he gets his hair cut , which he does about every two weeks .
His barber , who goes by only one name , Zariff , takes umbrage with bloggers who alternately claim Mr. Obama , 47 , is dyeing his hair gray ( to appear more distinguished ) or dyeing it black ( to appear younger ) .
“ I can tell you that his hair is 100 percent natural , ” Zariff said .
“ He would n’t get it colored . ”
TEA PARTY UPDATE : I ’ve already mentioned Harrisburg and Fullerton , but now here ’s a news report from Green Bay :
Hundreds of protesters gathered Saturday afternoon outside Titletown Brewing Co. , replacing Boston Harbor with the Fox River for a Green Bay tea party to rally against government programs and federal bailouts .
. . .
Speakers at the rally included Marc Savard , who is running for the 8th Congressional District ( to unseat incumbent U.S. Rep. Steve Kagen , D - Appleton ) and WTAQ talk show host Jerry Bader .
Though coined as a taxpayer rally , taxes are n’t the only issue at hand , Bader said , it ’s also about having a government that allows citizens to be self - reliant .
“ Conservatism is based on I ’ll take care of me , you take care of you . …
This is often translated to mean we ’re not compassionate — nothing could be further from the truth , ” Bader said .
“ Picking my pocket and deciding what ’s compassion , is not compassion .
When you are forced to be compassionate at the barrel of a gun , we have a word for that , it ’s robbery . ”
The mass of protesters marched into downtown Green Bay to bring their message to Kagen at his office at 700 E. Walnut St .
Once it was fair to say that Linux was the preserve of small coterie of computer nerds typing away in their parents ' basements and spare rooms .
This is no longer so , however , as the free and easy - to - use operating system with a reputation for rock - solid reliability is coming out of the shadows .
It 's shaking off its geeky reputation by getting some computing street cred as a fast web browsing and music platform .
Andrew Miller , technology journalist and founder of thinkabouttech.com is a self - avowed Linux devotee and typical of its supporters .
" For 97 per cent of computer users , Linux is perfect .
Nowadays pretty much everyone is living in the cloud – with all of our data storage based online – and Linux offers you absolutely everything you need .
For work , you have OpenOffice , for music you have Spotify and for instant messaging you have Pigeon .
So it 's not just a case of it being as good as Windows , because for a large majority of things Linux is actually better , " he says .
" If you talk to a lot of Windows users and ask them what they use , they say , ' I 'm using Firefox and OpenOffice , ' and if you boot up , say , Linux Ubuntu , a community - developed , Linux - based operating system created for laptops , desktops and servers , both those tools are there , so it 's familiar territory , totally safe and free .
So the question should ' why not use Linux ? ' " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Miller is n't alone in his enthusiasm .
A recent survey of IT professionals showed that in the midst of recession , free open - source software such as Linux is gaining in popularity , especially with small business users .
And while still dwarfed by Microsoft , Linux is holding its own in the netbook stakes , with some estimates suggesting that the system is running on more than 10 per cent of all models .
Linux 's popularity is n't confined to bloggers , netbook users and software aficionados .
In the past few years Ubuntu – one of Linux 's most popular versions – has been adopted as the operating system of choice by institutions as varied as Google , Amazon , the French National Assembly and paramilitary police force , the entire South Korean government , DreamWorks film studio and the government of Mexico City .
Later this year , the Vietnamese government will be the latest to ditch Microsoft in favour of a Linux - based operating system for all its computers
The battle between Linux and Windows has been raging for almost as long as there have been motherboards and wysiwig monitors , and even now , Linux is still light years away from even beginning to challenge Microsoft 's software hegemony .
But some computer experts are starting to suggest Linux has reached a " critical mass " and that its day has come .
So tech - savvy bloggers and IT professionals may be increasingly convinced of the virtues of Linux , but what about the average Windows user ?
To put Linux to the test , we set up four novices – from computer whizzes to self - confessed Luddities – with a new Toshiba netbook running the latest version of Linux Ubuntu to find out what they thought .
Merryl Lawrenson , 56
Community nurse from Ashford , Kent
I would n't say that I 'm a big computer user as I generally only use them for work .
However , I do some quite complicated tasks at work like writing on patients ' records , so reliability is important to me .
The word processor and spreadsheet were all very similar to what I 've used before as our home laptop runs the same version of OpenOffice .
Menus were straightforward and the icons were very clear and easy to use .
The layout was also very clear , so perhaps Ubuntu is a little easier for somebody like me when compared with a machine running hundreds of programs on Windows .
One gripe was that the red cross to close pages and programs was stuck away in a corner , but on the whole it all worked quite intuitively .
Especially as it's free , I 'd give serious thought to adopting Ubuntu if I were in the market to buy a new computer .
Tony Messenger , 55
Music technician from Farningham , Kent
I 'm a music technician , so should know my stuff , but to be honest I really struggled with all the multimedia software that came as standard with Ubuntu .
For the life of me , I could n't get any of the sound or video elements to work online .
I could n't get it to play WAV files , I could n't get it to play MP3s and it would n't play animated GIFs .
I can only assume you have to download all the individual codecs [ A computer program that lets you stream multimedia content ] for each sound or video you want to run , which is a real pain .
Nowadays , you need a good half a dozen or so codecs just to browse the internet and it did n't seem to come with any of these as standard .
This defeats the whole point of using Ubuntu as a fast web browser if you have to spend ages setting it up and finding all the codecs , and would almost certainly pose problems for a computer novice .
Do n't get me wrong ; I 'm not a Windows devotee and the rest of the built - in software and menu systems seemed fine , but once you 've worked on a system , any rival has to excel to be worth switching over to .
Ubuntu and Linux generally seem to be the domain of the real computer geeks out there .
Everyone that I know who uses Linux tends to be a computer nerd or work in the industry .
They enjoy playing around with the system and I do n't know if they actually do any work – whereas I 'm interested in actually getting things done .
Tim Blake , 23
Teaching assistant from Codicote , Hertfordshire
I 'm a pretty dedicated Windows user so I was n't necessarily expecting great things from Linux , but my first impressions were very good .
I expected to struggle navigating the menu system , but found it pretty functional and easy to use .
All the information and programs were easy to access and the layout was fairly intuitive .
It also seemed fairly robust when it comes to viruses and surfing the web .
Internet safety is always a concern , so that 's certainly a good feature .
Personally , I 'd prefer something a little more complex which allows me a greater choice of software .
It might be great for an older generation of computer users who just want to browse the web easily and safely .
I 'm training to be a teacher and am on a tight budget at the moment , so free software should be really attractive to me , but I 'm just too heavily reliant on Microsoft Office and Windows to consider switching operating systems .
I use Word and PowerPoint on a regular basis , both on my laptop and on machines at school , so it does n't make any sense to switch to a system which wo n't run those programs .
So I do n't think Bill Gates and co need to worry about losing my custom just yet .
Androulla Polydorou , 26
Sales manager from Greenwich , London
The first thing that struck me about Ubuntu was the interface .
It 's just so bright , breezy and user - friendly .
Everyone who 's seen me using it has been very impressed and has wanted to have a go .
I had a few problems at first , such as finding the right icon to turn up the volume .
I think perhaps I 'm so used to Windows that I 'm not used to searching around for icons .
I do n't have wireless internet and while I 'm OK with computers I had to give in and ask my computer whizz partner for help after 40 minutes of trying to get a connection .
That could have been more straightforward .
Overall , I found Ubuntu pretty simple to use and a nice change from Windows .
It booted up very quickly and was speedy online .
It had versions of all the basic programs , such as a word processor , as well as a really good selection of games .
The Toshiba I tested it on had an inbuilt camera , so I played around with the photo - editing software , which was impressive .
Being able to alter colour and lighting and move things about and erase things was really cool for someone like me who has no experience of photo editing but wants to have fun with their pictures
I would n't necessarily trust Ubuntu for work , as I would n't want to find I could n't do everything I wanted to do .
But as another system on my laptop to browse and listen to music I 'd think about adopting it .
WHEN the American economy began to slow two years ago , it was women who were in more danger of losing jobs .
Men , particularly those who were well educated and in the prime of their career , were more likely to remain employed .
That has now changed , with a vengeance .
In the 12 months through February , the latest data available , unemployment rates for men rose at a faster pace than those for women , no matter what their education or age .
It has simply been harder for men to hold onto their jobs .
A year ago , in February 2008 , men who had gone to college but did not earn a bachelor ’s degree had an unemployment rate of 4.1 percent , below the national rate of 4.5 percent .
But by this February , the rate for that group had more than doubled to 8.9 percent and was well above the national rate of 8.1 percent .
" Coca - Cola is not buying Venice ! " , its city council stated this week , reacting to polemics over a planned million - dollar partnership between the soft drinks giant and the lagoon city .
An Italian daily had reported the city was " selling itself " to Coca - Cola in a 2.1 million - dollar deal involving " vending machines in every corner of the city " , including St Mark 's Square .
In a city where tourists are even forbidden from picnicking on urban decorum , the council 's chief of staff said the 60 vending machines would not be placed on public soil , let alone near landmarks such as St Mark's .
" Fifteen distributors will be placed on the principal vaporetti landing stages [ Ed : the floating docks for the water taxis and buses ] , the others will be inside council carparks .
Where 's the invasion ? " the council said , stressing the vending machines would not even bear the Coca - Cola logo .
( Full )
Tongue - in - cheek website Only In Italy adds : " Nothing like standing shin - deep in dirty lagoon water paying 5 euros ( 6.35 USD ) for a can of carbonated water with some flavoring and sugar .
Well , if one considers the legal fleecing that goes on every day in Venice , what are the alternatives ? "
More posts on The Road about Italy .
There were complications when Geoffrey Botkin ’s first daughter , Anna Sofia , was born .
The problems were physical — Anna Sofia ’s mother , Victoria , could have died — and more esoteric , too .
Geoffrey Botkin is one of the leading voices of a ministry called Vision Forum , the intellectual avant - garde of fundamentalism .
One of Vision Forum ’s chief concerns is child - rearing , which the movement considers both a process of theological conditioning and an art lost sometime in the 19th century .
So as Botkin held his newborn daughter perfectly still in his cupped hands , he prayed to God for guidance : after having raised two older sons , how should he raise a daughter ?
He felt God move him to a specific prayer for the infant sleeping in his hands , a prayer for her body .
He remembered baby girls are born with two ovaries and a finite number of eggs that will last them a lifetime .
He placed his hand over his new daughter ’s abdomen and prayed for Anna Sofia to be the “ future mother of tens of millions . ”
He prayed that the Lord would order everything in his daughter ’s life : “ What You will do with every single egg here .
How many children will this young lady have ?
Who will be her husband ?
With what other legacy will these little eggs be joined to produce the next generation for the glory of God ? ”
He explained to a room full of about six hundred fathers and daughters gathered for the annual Vision Forum Father and Daughter Retreat that he had prayed that his new daughter might marry young .
Today , Anna Sofia and her sister , Elizabeth , strikingly poised young women in their early twenties , are the preeminent Vision Forum brand for promoting biblical womanhood to the unmarried daughters of homeschooling families , girls largely raised in the patriarchal faith but susceptible to temptations from the outside world .
In all their testimony to fellow young “ maidens , ” the Botkin daughters , raised in both the American South and the Botkins ’ Seven Arrows Ranch in New Zealand , stress the dire importance of one of their father ’s favorite talking points : “ multigenerational faithfulness . ”
That is , the necessity of the sons and daughters of the movement — especially the daughters — cleaving to the ways of their parents and not abandoning the dominion project the older generation has begun .
Some children do rebel , as Natasha Epstein recalls .
There were several runaway girls from Boerne Christian Assembly , the church pastored by Doug Phillips , the founder of Vision Forum , Epstein says .
Some ultimately succeeded in leaving the lifestyle after having been caught and brought back to the church by their fathers and other men in the church .
Natasha herself ran away from home following the excommunication of her family , living with her grandparents in Oregon for a period before returning to Texas and taking up the modern young woman ’s lifestyle that her mother grieves .
But the more common — and more dangerous — rebellion is the quieter assimilation of movement children into modern society , not running away but merely drifting into more lax expressions of the faith and away from patriarchal adulthood .
A common nay - saying liberal reaction to the patriarchy movement and “ Quiverfull , ” a conviction that Christian women should birth as many children as God gives them as a means of “ demographic warfare , ” is to assume that the children of strict homeschooling families will rebel en masse — like the 1960s youth rebellions against a conservative status quo .
However , the heads of the movement are already well aware of this threat , and they are taking all the precautions they can to cut off the possibility of such defection in the cradle .
As Jennie Chancey tells the Botkin sisters in their book , So Much More : The Remarkable Influence of Visionary Daughters on the Kingdom of God , children of the movement should have “ little to no association with peers outside of family and relatives ” as insulation from a corrupting society .
Daughters should n’t forgo education but should consider to what ends their education is intended and should place their efforts in “ advanced homemaking ” skills .
Concretely , Geoffrey Botkin explains , this means evaluating all materials and media that daughters receive from childhood on as it pertains to their future role .
The Botkin sisters received no Barbie dolls — idols that inspire girls to lead selfish lives — but rather a “ doll estate ” that could help them learn to manage a household of assets , furniture , and servants in the aristocratic vision of Quiverfull life which Botkin paints for the families around the room .
The toys the girls played with were “ tools for dominion , ” such as kitchen utensils and other “ tools for their laboratory ” : the kitchen .
R. C. Sproul , Jr. , in a book of advice to homeschooling parents , When You Rise Up , describes the critical secret of God ’s covenants as the cornerstone of the homeschool movement : the imperative of covenants , he says , is to “ pass it on to the next generation . ”
He ’s done so himself , he relates , in what he calls the R. C. Sproul , Jr. , School for Spiritual Warfare , in which he crafts “ covenant children ” with an “ agrarian approach ” and stresses that obedience is the good life in and of itself , “ not a set of rules designed to frustrate us but a series of directions designed to liberate us . ”
In that freedom , boys and girls are educated according to their future roles in life , and girls are taught that they will pursue spiritual warfare by being keepers in the home .
To gauge the amount of secular baggage his homeschooling readers are trailing , he tells the story of a family friend whose homeschooled nine - year - old daughter still cannot read .
“ Does that make you uncomfortable ? ” he asks .
Are you thinking , “ Mercy , what would the superintendent say if he knew ? ” . . .
But my friend went on to explain , “ She does n’t know how to read , but every morning she gets up and gets ready for the day .
Then she takes care of her three youngest siblings .
She takes them to potty , she cleans and dresses them , makes their breakfasts , brushes their teeth , clears their dishes , and makes their beds . ”
Now I saw her , rightly , as an overachiever .
If she did n’t know how to read but did know all the Looney Tunes characters , that would be a problem .
But here is a young girl being trained to be a keeper at home .
Do I want her to read ?
Of course I do . . . .
But this little girl was learning what God requires , to be a help in the family business , with a focus on tending the garden .
It ’s this kind of separatist , radical thinking , advocating both physical and mental withdrawal from the world of public schooling , that informs the mission of E. Ray Moore , a retired Army chaplain and head of the homeschool ministry Exodus Mandate .
Michael McVicar , who studies Reconstructionism , the hard right edge of fundamentalism , and has written about its founder , R. J. Rushdoony , sees Moore ’s homeschool ministry as one of the most direct embodiments of Rushdoony ’s ideas .
Exodus Mandate , as its name hints , expresses an explicitly secessionist ethos that aims for ultimate removal of Christian families from state rule — leaving “ Pharaoh ’s school system ” for the Promised Land — but in the intermediate future , pushes Christians to remove their children from public schools as a ploy to collapse by attrition what they consider a wicked , humanist institution .
Moore has worked with Vision Forum as well as large denominations such as the Southern Baptist Convention ( SBC ) to spread his message .
In 2008 , when California passed legislation mandating that schools teach nondiscrimination on the grounds of sexuality and perceived gender — a demand that conservative Christians quickly identified as “ indoctrination ” —
Exodus Mandate organized a California Exodus subgroup to work together with homeschooling movement veterans , conservative celebrity Phyllis Schlafly , and Christian leaders such as Dr. Voddie Baucham , a Southern Baptist preacher , to urge California Christians to leave the public school system in droves .
Baucham , a Vision Forum associate himself , further charged the SBC to pass a resolution encouraging the California exodus .
When I met Moore in Jamestown , Virginia , he told me that the homeschooling movement was growing at such a rapid clip that , if Exodus Mandate could help double the percentage of students outside the state school system ( an ambiguous number , as homeschoolers assert that their population is at least twice the one million students recognized by the U.S. Department of Education ) , it might collapse the U.S. public school system entirely .
Susan Wise Bauer , a homeschooling author and reluctant patriarchy critic , sees such strategies as ultimately unsustainable .
“ By forgoing college education and any meaningful interaction with culture , they become increasingly isolated communities from the mainstream .
And isolated communities are ultimately doomed to fade . ”
The patriarchy community , however , is dedicated to building up its own , purist alternatives to the interaction mainstream society provides .
Vision Forum gears its entire Beautiful Girlhood catalogue collection — replete with tea sets , white gloves , “ modesty slips , ” and Victorian manners books — to the proper raising of daughters in the faith .
Both Vision Forum and Reconstructionism ’s Chalcedon Foundation sponsor girls ’ essay contests on subjects such as fulfilling one ’s vocation as a daughter and the enduring appeal of Elsie Dinsmore — a heroine in Martha Finley ’s Victorian - era children ’s book series , an obedient and priggishly pious daughter of the Antebellum South who aspired to be a submissive daughter and wife .
( Dinsmore , as one contest winner wrote , shows daughters how “ to rise up by stepping down . ” )
Elaborate courtship mechanisms are being worked out by fathers hoping to make alliances through the marriages of their daughters to the sons of men in the fold .
And home business projects , largely home - based sewing businesses that produce modest clothing or home decorations , are cropping up among young daughters of the movement to such an extent that in 2007 homeschooling leaders James and Stacy McDonald urged homeschooled daughters to consider signing up with a new young - woman ’s home business ministry , the Proverbs 31 Project ( after the biblical verse , “ who can find a virtuous woman , for her price is above rubies . ” )
The project , evoking the many virtues of the storied Proverbs 31 woman , is a Mary Kay - like franchise that promises to help young daughters “ build a business for herself around the use of therapeutic - grade essential oils , ” thereby helping her find a way to bring a home business into her marriage , making her a more attractive prospect to potential suitors .
“ There ’s a generation of daughters in this room today that we have not seen for one hundred years of American history , ” exclaimed one of the speakers at the Vision Forum Father and Daughter Retreat , Scott Brown .
He attributes the rise of this new breed of daughters to a “ revival in the land . ”
But it ’s also the fruit of twenty - five years of work , he says , when parents turned their hearts to their children and began doing “ many culture - defying things , ” such as homeschooling their children , fighting feminism , and leading their daughters in the opposite direction of women ’s lib .
The education of the young Botkin women is the current key example that Vision Forum is offering to parents following its model , and the reasons are clear .
The Botkin sisters in the past several years have released a polemical book , So Much More , as well as a companion documentary , The Return of the Daughters : A Vision of Victory for the Single Women of the Twenty - first Century , in which the daughters , staring regally , unblinkingly at the camera , appear in front of a fireplace in a vaulted room decorated in rustic country elegance .
They further spread the message through their blog , Visionary Daughters , and they speak or play the harp frequently at events for women and daughters , including Vision Forum ’s annual Father and Daughter Retreat .
Appearing on book jackets , on film , or on stage ( their iconic public personas are captured in photographs with upswept hair and softly made - up , flushed faces turned toward the camera in three - quarter profile ) , they ’re an elegant pair possessed of the distinct , romantic beauty ideal biblical womanhood seeks to claim as its own .
“ Heroine ” is a key word here , and in all of their work — a mix of standard Vision Forum / biblical womanhood theology and encouraging portraits of other young movement daughters following the path — they seek to highlight “ heroines of the faith , ” frequently a familiar mix of daughters from families associated with Vision Forum and its sister ministries .
At the 2007 retreat , at Calloway Gardens in Georgia , the Botkin sisters delivered one such address as part of a conference that cost upwards of five hundred dollars per father - daughter couple ( and which was recorded and repackaged as a CD set for families unable to afford or to attend ) .
In it , Anna Sofia and Elizabeth speak in a soft , flat Kansas accent , Dorothies in a perpetual Oz , with a deliberate diction suggestive of public - speaking lessons .
They opened by setting the stakes : if Alexis de Toqueville , the French surveyor of the budding New World , once attributed America ’s prosperity and strength to its “ superior ” women , the Botkins see “ the weakness and growing apostasy ” of the country as the fault of modern women , who are selfish and petty .
Model daughters of the patriarchy movement , the Botkin girls express a hatred of feminism that is pure , and they hate it in a variety of flavors most feminists would n’t recognize as their cause .
To the Botkins , all bad women — from the seductress hoping to “ subdue masculinity ” with her womanly wiles and charms to vain pageant queens to career women to even conservative Christian wives who are n’t fervent enough about spiritual war — are feministic , seeking to “ weaken and dominate men . ”
On stage , the sisters explained to an audience of fathers and daughters , young women to very young girls , the ways in which daughters should go beyond a lukewarm acceptance of biblical femininity to a full - on embrace of a deliberately countercultural girlhood .
They should be modest servants who do n’t cause their brothers in Christ to stumble with temptation .
They should “ learn to ignore [ their ] comfort zone ” in the interest of a higher calling , as Elizabeth , a formerly terminally shy child , describes her father ’s insistence on her “ godly boldness . ”
They should teach their younger sisters in the Titus 2 spirit and should honor and defer to their brothers — older and younger — in recognition that even young boys need to be treated as wise leaders by their older sisters in order to gain the confidence to be leaders of their future families .
They should wear feminine clothes to prove to their fathers that they are virtuous women worthy of protection .
They should not learn career skills as emergency “ backups ” to support themselves , as “ learning to ‘ survive ’ can teach girls attitudes of independence , hardness . ”
They should understand that singleness is a very rare calling from God , and so they must prepare to marry and conduct war on “ the home front ” : in other words , they must understand there is no opting out of this revolution without turning their backs on the faith .
But most of all , the Botkins explain , a virtuous daughter should “ turn her heart to her father ” in the spirit of Malachi 4:6 : “ And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children , and the heart of the children to their fathers , lest I come and smite the earth with a curse . ”
The turning of daughters ’ hearts to their fathers is the driving theme of the retreat , which besides the Botkin girls , features the sermons and messages of Doug Phillips , Geoffrey Botkin , and Scott Brown , a board member of Vision Forum and a leader in Phillips ’s family - integrated church movement .
All three men explain what is at stake to the girls and young women in the room : they are daughters of Zion , of Judah , of Jerusalem .
They are future mothers of Israel .
As such , they have no time to waste , or spirits to risk , by leaving home for college , work , or missions .
They must instead make the revolutionary choice to “ redeem the years ” they have with their fathers and view their single lives as preparation for marriage : submitting themselves to their fathers and , to some extent , their brothers , as they will one day submit themselves to their husbands .
*
On a practical level , practicing being a helpmeet for a future husband with one ’s father can mean anything from helping fathers set up or run home businesses to bookkeeping and research to running and beautifying the home .
In the Botkins ’ Return of the Daughters film , graduated homeschooling daughters forego college in order to remain at home with their fathers , and their parents are quick to argue that the women are receiving Ph.D. - level educations at home , at least in the skills they will need later on as wives and mothers .
Whether or not this is true , more questionable aspects of practicing being helpmeets abound .
As one of the Botkins ’ characters in So Much More suggests , it can mean fetching a father ’s slippers for him in order to free the father up for weightier dominion tasks in reclaiming the world for Christ .
Anna Sofia has served thus herself , as her father explains in an appendix interview included in So Much More so it might contain some proper male authority to address fathers .
One day , while father Botkin was entertaining a “ very important political leader , ” he called to his daughter .
Anna Sofia , then five or six , came into the room to untie and remove her father ’s shoes , and she then asked the guest if she could untie his shoes as well .
Years later , Geoffrey Botkin says , the politician brought the evening up , telling Botkin , “ ‘ You know when I decided we should have more children ?
It was that night your sweet little daughter helped me with my shoes . ’
One simple act of hospitality had eternal consequences . ”
The extent to which Botkin views his daughters as his ambassadors , or extensions of himself , is perplexingly hinted at when both he and Doug Phillips slip during the conference and refer to So Much More as Geoffrey Botkin ’s book .
This could seem either an indication of his daughters ’ total identification with their father , or else , perhaps , indication of the heavy paternal hand guiding the virtuous daughters ’ movement — as present in the writing of the book as it feels in every frame of the film and every still photograph taken of the two sisters .
Such lessons are repeated wide - scale at the father - daughter retreats , where daughters are given object lessons alongside the sermons through a series of ideological games , including a blindfolded obstacle course , where chains of blinded daughters were guided solely by relying on their fathers ’ verbal commands ; contests for fathers “ wooing and winning the hearts of their daughters ” ; and intimacy - building “ unity games ” that teach daughters to serve their fathers by shaving their faces , grooming their hair , and knotting their shoes and ties .
As three of Phillips ’s young daughters , Jubilee , Liberty , and Faith , explained on a video posted on Vision Forum ’s Web site , “ Each of the games was designed to teach us a principle about our relationship with our fathers . ”
Or as Doug Phillips explained to the fathers in attendance , he who “ tells the story controls the culture , ” and storytelling — setting up the basic architecture of your children ’s worldview — is “ one of the most significant patriarchal duties that God gives us . ”
So , he tells fathers , it ’s imperative to start teaching your daughter now all “ the stories she needs to know ” because — in an alarming revelation about the young marriages patriarchs support — the nine - year - old before you now may , in six years ’ time , be not just older , but married as well .
It ’s a short window of opportunity for a father to guide his daughter where he wants her to go , and a short time for him to experience what Phillips calls “ the greatest privilege of the ages : to have someone look at you and say , ‘ Father , I love you .
Father , shepherd me . ’
Father , father .
The very words we call our God and savior .
God has given you fathers the opportunity to look at these girls and say , ‘ You are mine .
You are mine . ' ”
Copyright © 2009 by Kathryn Joyce from Quiverfull : Inside the Christian Patriarchy Movement .
Reprinted by permission of Beacon Press .
19 % of students said that they had been taught Young Earth Creationism " as fact " in school .
One in five
quite literally
POSTSCRIPT .
prima facie
POSTPOSTSCRIPT .
The recent revelation that about 30 % of secondary school teachers want " creationism " taught in schools reminded me of the results of a survey reported back in 2006 , which is still one of the most disturbing educational surveys I 've ever seen .
If you are not aware of it , it 's worth checking out .
Go here
The original tables of results of the Opinionpanel survey are here ( scroll down to 2006 ) Students from British Universities were surveyed on a range of questions , including whether they were Young Earth Creationists , and whether Young Earth Creationism had been taught to them by their parents , school , sunday school , etc.
Amazingly , 12 % of these undergrads were Young Earth Creationists .
But the real stand - out statistic for me was that19 % ! students .
We are not talking mostly Muslim schools either .
The figure for those who were of other non-Christian religion was actually much lower .
If 1 in 5 British students are taught in school that it's a fact that the entire universe is less than ten thousand years old and that God made all species as literally described in Genesis , that 's a national educational disgrace .
As comparatively few schools ( esp. non-Muslim schools ) publicly admit to teaching children Young Earth Creationism " as fact " , it would appear that much of this teaching is going on under the public radar .
Should n't checking up on this - and doing something about it - now be a priority for the Government and for OFSTED ?
For as I said elsewhere , teaching children that Young Earth Creationism is supported by the available empirical evidence involves teaching them to think in way that are , , close to lunacy .
In some cases , it may be that the schools themselves are unaware of what 's being pushed in their classrooms .
I once discovered a YEC science teacher at a top public school - a teacher whose nutty YEC views even the other science teachers were unaware of .
Some students then confirmed that this teachers '
YEC views were indeed cropping up in his teaching .
Any other anecdotes ?
Put this another way - we haveevidence that Young Earth Creationists now constitute a fifth column in UK schools , presenting YEC " as fact " to perhaps as many as 1 in 5 pupils .
The British Government is now clear YEC cannot be taught as fact , or even as a valid theory , in science classes in State schools .
See here for their guidelines for teachers .
However , there are no statutory guidelines for RE , even for state - funded schools .
That 's right .
None .
With the headlines full of peanut butter recalls and salmonella outbreaks , many people are skipping the Skippy and jetting past the Jif , sending peanut butter sales down 25 % .
Manufacturers are now spreading ad campaigns and giving out coupons , trying to reassure consumers that eating their products is safe .
[ social_buttons ]
Smucker , the maker of Jif peanut butter , placed ads in newspapers across the country on Friday , stating that they did not buy from the Peanut Corporation of America , and included a coupon for a jar of Jif. ConAgra Foods ( Peter Pan peanut butter manufacturer ) is planning to run a similar ad campaign , also including a coupon .
“ Obviously this has had a very negative impact on the industry . ” – Maribeth Badertscher , spokeswoman for Jif .
Even though the salmonella contaminated peanut butter only represents a small percentage of the total sales by the peanut butter companies in the United States , the public relations issue is probably going to be with us for some time .
The average American eats three pounds of peanut butter a year , and sales of peanut butter top $ 800 million a year .
That ’s a lot of goober peas .
The current outbreak has sickened over 575 people and caused eight deaths so far , and the recall of peanut butter products has been expanded to more than 1,500 different products .
California , Idaho and Minnesota received peanut butter and roasted peanuts from the federal government for school lunch programs which was supplied by the PCA , but no illnesses in students have been linked to those shipments .
The Department of Agriculture has now banned the PCA from doing any more business with the government , and the company ’s CEO , Stewart Parnell , was removed from the Agriculture Department ’s Peanut Standards Board .
The company is under criminal investigation , and has been accused by federal regulators of knowingly shipping products that had tested positive for salmonella .
Is n’t it time for our food safety system to move into the 21st century ?
Here ’s hoping that the new Secretary of Agriculture , Tom Vilsack , will move forward with the idea of a food safety agency .
Image : EuroMagic at Flickr under Creative Commons License
Frequently , throughout the history of writing , people have invented their own languages – whether it be to conceal something ’s true meaning , or to add depth to a story ( as in the case of the Lord of the Rings ) .
This list looks at some of the fascinating ( and fun ) fictional languages .
10 Alienese
Alienese is a set of fictional languages that often appear , usually as graffiti , in the background of the show Futurama .
The first transliterates directly into English , but the second is much more complex ; the alphabet is described as one in which “ next letter is given by the summation of all previous letters plus the current letter . ”
Fans have spent their time translating these messages and revealing additional , hidden humor on the show .
9 Parseltongue
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tl43zeKxlag
In the Harry Potter books , Parseltongue is the language of snakes , and can be understood by human Parselmouths , which are very rare .
It can be spoken by Salazar Slytherin and his descendants , including Voldemort , who passed the ability unto Harry when he tried to kill him .
J.K. Rowling has stated that she named the language after “ an old word for someone who has a problem with the mouth ” .
To non-speakers , it sounds like a series of hisses , but Parselmouths hear it in their native language .
8 Aklo
Aklo is a fictional language often associated with the writing of forbidden or occult texts .
It was first invented by Arthur Machen in his 1899 short story “ The White People , ” in which two men discussing the nature of Evil consult the diary of a young girl , written with Aklo words .
It is notable for its widespread use in other fiction ; H.P. Lovecraft used it in two stories from his Cthulhu Mythos ( pictured above ) , “ The Dunwich Horror ” and “ The Haunter of the Dark ” .
Alan Moore used the language in his story , The Courtyard , in which Aklo is not only an alien language , but also a key that opens the human mind .
Since it is only used fleetingly , and by a wide range of authors , there is no set grammar or vocabulary , and it is unclear from which languages it draws most influence .
7 Mangani
Mangani is the language of the apes from Edgar Rice Burrough ’s Tarzan novels , and also the word by which the apes refer to themselves .
It is described as being composed of guttural sounds that represent nouns and basic concepts .
However , the written lexicon , as provided by Burroughs , is much more complex and made of real words , similar in pronunciation to many African languages from the area in which the books take place .
The recently discovered Bili Ape has been retroactively compared to the Mangani , both in size and habitat .
6 Newspeak
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAhicl-Owr4
Yes , the language that is the bane of high school seniors everywhere .
Invented by George Orwell for his dystopian novel 1984 , Newspeak was designed by fictional totalitarian regime the Party , to enforce its rule on people .
Closely based on English , its vocabulary constantly shrinks to preclude any words that convey the ideas of freedom , rebellion or free thought .
Its main goal is to remove any ambiguity from language , giving one word total meaning ; this is commonly done by making one word ( such as “ think ” ) both a noun and a verb .
Opposite words were replaced by a pre- or suffixed version of a word ; for example , “ bad ” became “ ungood . ”
This is thought to have been influenced by Esperanto , which frequently creates new words through a complicated system of adding prefixes and suffixes .
As I ca n’t find a good clip of someone speaking Newspeak , I have included the national anthem of Oceania taken from the film version .
The anthem is sung in English .
5 Nadsat
Invented by author Anthony Burgess , Nadsat is the idiomatic language spoken by the teenagers in A Clockwork Orange .
The word itself comes from a transliteration of the Russian word for “ teen . ”
It is a vernacular speech , composed by the youth counterculture ; it is basically English , with some transliterated words from Russian , patterns from Cockney rhyming slang , the King James bible , and words invented by Burgess himself .
All nadsat words are concrete , lacking the complexity to discuss a subject such as philosophy .
The author intended this to show the shallow nature of the juveniles ’ minds .
In the video above you can hear the main character ( Alex ) speaking in Nadsat .
4 Simlish
Simlish is the spoken language of the Sims , first heard in SimCopter , but most prominently featured in The Sims , Sims 2 , and Sims 3 .
In order to avoid the cost of recording repetitive dialogue and translating it , the project director had the voice actors improvise a gibberish language .
The end result was that players were able to fill in their own dialogue , and imagine the character interactions more realistically than a computer could simulate .
Soon , the games had songs sung in Simlish , and many famous recording artists have since re-recorded some of their tracks for various Sims games and expansions .
Written Simlish , glimpsed in reading materials and on television , is a combination of the Wingdings font and Zodiac symbols , but have no grounding in real grammar .
All other games made by Sims genre creator Will Wright employ Simlish as a language .
The video above is Lily Allen singing her song Smile in Simlish .
You can spend hours on youtube looking up some of the many famous singers who have made a simlish version of their songs – such as Kajagoogoo – Too Shy .
The Ting - tings even recorded a song in simlish for their album “ We started nothing ” .
3 Esperanto
The only actual language on this list , Esperanto is noteworthy for being one of the most successfully constructed languages in history .
It was first detailed by L.L. Zamenhof in his book , Unua Libro , in 1887 , published under the pseudonym Doktoro Esperanto .
The word “ esperanto ” means “ one who hopes ” in the language .
Today , it is estimated that there are between one hundred thousand and two million fluent Esperanto speakers , and between 200 - 2000 native speakers .
Both Google and Wikipedia provide services in Esperanto .
It is the language of instruction at the Akademio Internacia de la Sciencoj in San Marino .
Its structure is heavily influenced by the Indo - European languages , and its vocabulary is mostly derived from the Romance and , to a lesser extent , the Germanic languages .
2 Klingonese
Qapla ’!
The language of Star Trek ’s Klingons is , today , a nearly fully - developed language .
It was first heard in Star Trek : The Motion Picture ( 1979 ) , and its sound was devised by actor James Doohan ( Scotty ) .
Paramount Pictures subsequently hired linguist Marc Okrand to fully flesh out the language , which he deliberately designed to be “ alien ” .
The first Klingon dictionary was published in 1985 , and other books , such as Klingon phrasebooks , have supplemented the language .
The Shakespeare plays Much Ado About Nothing and Hamlet have been famously translated into Klingonese , after a famous line in Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country : “ Shakespeare is best read in the original Klingon ” .
It is said that Okrand was heavily influenced by Native American languages , and the tendency of the language to develop long chains of nouns ( ex : “ gun and sword and spear ” ) comes from Sanskrit .
As of 2006 , it held the world record for the fictional language spoken by the most people .
1 Languages of Arda
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN256Adtrlc
The above term is used to describe the many fictional languages invented by J.R.R.
Tolkien for The Lord of the Rings and other works taking place in Middle - Earth .
This was done out of a desire to give real linguistic depth to names and places that Tolkien felt were lacking in fantasy and science fiction .
The two most mature of these languages are Quenya ( High - Elvish – heard in the video clip above ) and Sindarin .
Quenya is comparable to Latin , in that it is an old language used contemporarily ( in Middle - Earth ) as an official language .
When written in English , the words contain many accents , which are usually on every vowel ( they also employ the dieresis , the two little dots above a letter ) .
These two languages were heavily influenced by Finnish and Welsh , though as they developed further , the influence became less and less apparent .
The depth and complexity of these two languages are incredible , as demonstrated by their influence on Middle - Earth culture and other Middle - Earth languages .
What is even more amazing is the sheer number of languages Tolkien created for his world , with each race having dozens of offshoots and dialects .
His work with the many tongues of Middle - Earth truly exemplified the potential of fictional language , and demonstrates the importance that language plays in creating a society .
Contributor : antmansbigxmas
A laser that kills mosquitoes could help reduce the spread of malaria .
Image credit : PlaneMad / Wikipedia
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In an effort to prevent the spread of malaria , scientists have built a laser that shoots and kills mosquitoes .
Malaria , which is caused by a parasite and transmitted by mosquitoes , kills about 1 million people every year .
The anti-mosquito laser was originally introduced by astrophysicist Lowell Wood in the early 1980s , but the idea never took off .
More recently , former Microsoft executive Nathan Myhrvold revived the laser idea when Bill Gates asked him to explore new ways of combating malaria .
Now , astrophysicist Jordin Kare from the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , Wood , Myhrvold , and other experts have developed a handheld laser that can locate individual mosquitoes and kill them one by one .
The developers hope that the technology might be used to create a laser barrier around a house or village that could kill or blind the insects .
Alternatively , flying drones equipped with anti-mosquito lasers could track the insects with radar and then sweep the sky with the laser .
The researchers are tuning the strength of the laser so that it kills mosquitoes without harming other insects or , especially , people .
The system can even distinguish between males and females by the frequency of their wing movements , which may be important since only females spread the parasite .
In experiments , the system could target mosquitoes with a flashlight , and then uses a zoom lens to feed the data to the computer , which fires at the insect .
Each time the laser strikes a mosquito , the computer makes a gunshot sound .
When the mosquito is hit , it bursts into flame and falls to the ground , and a thin plume of smoke rises .
The anti-mosquito laser is just one of many novel ways to kill the disease - carrying insects , in addition to the conventional strategy of vaccinating humans .
Other ideas include devices that disrupt the mosquitoes ' senses of sight , smell , and heat ; feeding them poisoned blood ; infecting them with a genetically altered bacterium ; and creating a malaria - free mutant to overtake the natural mosquitoes .
via : Wall Street Journal
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Protein plays key role in transmitting deadly malaria parasite
ADVERTISEMENT
Bloggers charge ' Tea Party ' anti-stimulus protests are corporate front Muriel Kane
Published : Sunday March 1 , 2009
Print This Email This UPDATE ( at bottom ) : Playboy 's story apparently taken down .
When a few hundred protesters showed up in each of some 30 or 40 cities nationwide on Friday to object to President Obama 's stimulus plan , they claimed that the well - coordinated protests had arisen spontaneously in response to a tirade against mortgage bailouts , delivered just over a week earlier , on February 19 , by CNBC 's Rick Santelli .
Conservative columnist Michelle Malkin enthusiastically called the " Tea Party " protests " a fledgling grassroot movement " and some of the protesters even described themselves as the vanguard of a " new conservative counterculture . "
Those claims naturally aroused a certain amount of skepticism , since similar activities in the past have proven to be not genuine grassroots activity but so - called corporate " astroturf . "
Now fresh revelations suggest that the skepticism may be well - placed .
Mark Ames and Yasha Levine allege in their blog at Playboy.com that the protests were planned well in advance , coordinated by old - line anti-tax organizations , and funded by right - wing corporate interests .
" What hasnt been reported until now is evidence linking Santellis ' tea party ' rant with some very familiar names in the Republican rightwing machine , " they write , " from PR operatives who specialize in imitation - grassroots PR campaigns ( called ' astroturfing ' ) to bigwig politicians and notorious billionaire funders .
As veteran Russia reporters , both of us spent years watching the Kremlin use fake grassroots movements to influence and control the political landscape .
To us , the uncanny speed and direction the movement took and the players involved in promoting it had a strangely forced quality to it .
If it seemed scripted , that 's because it was . "
As described by Ames and Levine , Santelli 's call for a " tea party " in Chicago next summer was quickly picked up by a website called ChicagoTeaParty.com and spread from there to the Drudge Report .
However , the ChicagoTeaParty.com domain is not new .
It was registered last summer by the producer of a right - wing radio show in Chicago and , the writers allege , is one of several tied to the anti-tax group FreedomWorks , which is among the sponsors of the current protests .
FreedomWorks is the latest incarnation of an organization formerly known as Citizens for a Sound Economy , which was founded in 1984 " to anonymously leverage corporate contributions into debates on public policy . "
CSE had close ties to Koch Industries and became one of the major recipients of grant money from conservative foundations and major corporations such as Exxon , Philip Morris , and General Motors .
In 2003 , CSE 's affiliate , the Citizens for a Strong Economy Foundation , split off and renamed itself Americans for Prosperity .
( That group is also a sponsor of the current protests . )
CSE itself merged the following year with Empower America -- another fake grassroots group created by Republican Party insiders to promote conservative candidates -- and formed FreedomWorks .
Posters at Democratic Underground have found that a number of anti-bailout and anti-stimulus groups are hosted by the dedicated servers of Citizens for a Sound Economy .
In addition to cse.org , empoweramerica.org , and freedomworks.com , those servers also host such domains as angryrenter.com ( which was registered in March 2008 to oppose bailouts for mortgage holders ) , destimulus.com , earmarkpledge.com , nowallstreetbailout.com , and usteaparty.com .
Any connection ChicagoTeaParty.com may have to this network is not clear , since it is not among the domains hosted on the CSE servers .
However , the involvement of FreedomWorks in the protests and the appearance of the apparently related domain " usteaparty.com " suggest that those seeking the origin of the " Tea Party " protests in this area may be on the right track .
UPDATE :
Playboy has apparently taken down its story .
The Atlantic 's Megan McArdle has the full text .
The link between Santelli and the so - called astroturfing groups " is potentially libelous , which is , I assume , why the article disappeared this morning , " wrote McArdle .
" If I were Santelli , I 'd sue .
Aside from the fact that I have absolutely no reason to question Santelli 's sincerity , I find it pretty hard to believe that any private group would be willing to front enough money to make it worth a television correspondent 's while to risk all his future salary payments . "
Republican blogger / pundit Michelle Malkin laid down covering fire for the " tea parties , " lampooning their alleged ties to Santelli .
" The wheels of the ' Tea Party ' movement had already been set in motion by folks who probably had never heard of Santelli  let alone the Koch Foundation  when they decided to take to the streets , " she wrote , after calling reporters Mark Ames and Yasha Levine , who authored Playboy 's piece , " loons . "
A phone call to Playboy media relations went unreturned late Monday .
Stephen C. Webster contributed to this report .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Facebook
Copy to clipboard
Battlestar Galactica's Fourth Season : What To Expect ( Updated With Pictures ! )
So you say you ’d like to know what ’s going to happen in season four of Battlestar Galactica .
Well , after spending an evening with eleven people directly involved in the show have I got news for you .
Despite the cast ’s insistence that they are constantly in the dark as much as we are , there was a surprisingly generous sharing of information on the upcoming season from everybody .
So , here ’s what we can expect from BSG ’s final season .
The writers strike stopped production at the 11th episode , so the final 9 on order are being worked on currently .
Ron Moore said during a Q&A that he would be directing his first episode when the show came back .
He seems nervous and excited about taking the reigns stating , “ You can applaude after the episode airs . ”
When that would be neither he nor Sci Fi executive Mark Stern could confirm as of last night .
We ’ll be sure to keep on top of that so you know when the final season will finally come out .
Speaking of directors , Ron Moore once again confirmed that it looks like Joss Whedon wo n’t be able to make it out to direct one of the final episodes .
His work on Doll House with Eliza Dushku presents too many scheduling conflicts .
Happily , Edward James
Olmos is returning to the director ’s chair this season .
When asked if he were offered the job of directing the finale would he take it the actor said , “ I ’d love to . ”
That job is already taken though , as is often the case for any show .
Of course we tried getting info on the final Cylon .
Ron Moore stated as he looked around at the cast on the stage , “ Who ’s left ? ”
To which Katee Sackhoff sheepishly put up her hand .
Is that confirmation ?
No , it did n’t look anything like it .
But it is funny to note that so much of the main cast is now Cylon .
Michael Hogan ( Col. Tigh ) said that from the beginning he ’d told everyone , “ Boy , I ’m glad I ’m not a Cylon . ”
Talking with him at the party later he indicated that he was possibly more surprised to find out than any of the fans were .
Edward James
Olmos said that in his contract it stated , “ No Cylon . ”
Katee simply shrugged when asked about Starbuck ’s return and what it meant .
She then went on to say that it ’s something we ’ll have to watch in season four , but at 11 episodes filmed she still does n’t know the full truth .
So that looks like a big secret for the later half of the final season .
James Callis ( Gaius Baltar ) had a similar reaction when asked about his character ’s future .
“ I ’ve been told all I can say is , ‘ Baltar is in a cult , ’ ” the actor said .
Great , we had no idea .
During my one - on - one conversation with Ron Moore I did inquire about the nature of Baltar ’s connection with the Cylon ’s , along with Starbuck ’s .
“ There are similarities , and there are connections , between Starbuck and Baltar that will develop as time goes on , ” he said .
So let the theories fly on what the connection might be , and what it means for either of these two being the final Cylon .
My verdict on that is if one is the final , then so are both .
Which makes no mathematical sense .
We ’re also still not sure about the fundamental differences between the other models and the final five Cylons .
But Ron Moore did tell me that the Cylon ’s would be able to recognize the final four ( at the least ) now that they ’re revealed .
So , the four who were revealed at the end of season three may not have long to hide before being found out .
We ’ll have to see how that plays out .
One of the best moments of the night was getting to sit and listen to Edward James Olmos talk .
He was quiet most of the Q&A , but when he had something to say it was always good .
For instance , he started talking about the show and how harsh it can be .
“ I tell people not to watch , ” he joked .
There ’s just so much death and sadness on Battlestar according to the actor .
And season four is the worst of them all .
He confirmed that there are deaths in the final season , and many are dear friends .
As Olmos was stating this the rest of the cast laughed , and Jamie Bamber ( Lee Adama ) quipped , “ The publicist is backstage pulling her hair out right now . ”
I got a great sense that these people truly love this show .
They are n’t just there for a paycheck , and if given the chance they would continue playing their parts for many more seasons .
But when I spoke with Michael Hogan at the after party we both agreed it ’s better to go out on your own terms , rather than let the damn bureaucrats rip the heart and soul from your craft .
I ’m sad to see Battlestar Galactica make its final jump , but I ’m happy that Ron Moore and his crew are doing it on their terms .
As you can tell there is still a ton to be revealed , and from the sounds of it , we wont be disappointed !
The call by some right wing leaders for rebellion and for the military to refuse the commander in chief 's orders is joined by Chuck Norris who claims that thousands of right wing cell groups have organized and are ready for a second American Revolution .
During an appearance on the Glen Beck radio show he promised that if things get any worse from his point of view he may " run for president of Texas . "
The martial artist / actor / activist claims that Texas was never formally a part of the United States in the first place and that if rebellion is to come through secession Texas would lead the way .
Macs are already amazing machines that offer many useful features built right into the operating system .
However , if you want to make your Mac experience more worthwhile and productive , take a look at this comprehensive list of 100 useful and free Mac apps .
In this list , you ’ll find apps sorted under different categories such as productivity , entertainment , lifestyle , design and development , and a lot more .
I ’m sure you ’ll find some very interesting apps for your Mac .
Let ’s take a look .
How to Force Quit Applications on Mac How to Force Quit Applications on Mac Mac OS X is a great operating system .
It 's stable but it is n't perfect .
Once in a while , ... Read more
Developers and Designers
Visual Studio
Code is a code editor from Microsoft that ’s been gaining massive popularity among web developers .
It features a built - in Git manager , and debugger , yet surprisingly run fast .
It provides a vast selection of first - party or third - party extensions to power - up the editor .
More :
An image editor that allows you to produce both bitmap and vector graphics .
It has an intuitive user interface and is compatible with macOS , Windows , and Linux .
Check out the gallery from the artists and designers using Krita .
More :
MAMP is an easy to use application to run a localhost environment in macOS .
The latest version now includes Nginx aside from Apache as an option to run the localhost webserver .
Cyberduck provides an easy way to transfer your files to servers and clouds .
It supports many types of servers and connections , including FTP , SFTP , Amazon S3 , OneDrive , GoogleDrive , Dropbox , etc .
More :
Built by designers for designers , FontBase brings a whole new experience to manage fonts in macOS .
More :
Allows you to quickly reduce the size of most type of image formats , including JPG , PNG , GIF , and even SVG by simply drag - n - drop .
This is an app for designers and developers ’ team to manage their icon collection .
It ’s compatible with both macOS and Windows and works together seamlessly with many designing apps like Photoshop , Sketch , Figma , etc .
More :
Convert any video file , a screen - recording , or webcam video into an animated Gif. GIFBrewer makes creating an animated Gif a breeze .
More :
Productivity
Utorrent allows you to manage , download , or stream files like video and audio from Torrent network fast and safely with an intuitive interface .
More :
A lightweight task management app that can help you to stay organized to whatever tasks you need to do , from grocery lists , housecleaning routines , or manage your side - hustle project .
More :
Want to switch alt - tab switching apps like Windows in Mac ?
Now you can , with this app .
So instead of Cmd + Tab to switch between the application window , you can press Alt +
Tab .
A great utility app if you ’ve just migrated from Windows to macOS .
A full - featured note - taking app that enables you to organize ideas , lists , reminders , clip anything from the web and manage your project all in one place from any device , whether you ’re online or offline .
More :
Grammarly has revolutionized spell - checking and auto - correction that corrects not only word - by - word but also suggests a better selection of words , phrases , and tones in real - time .
A must - have app for bloggers , editors , or any professional writers .
Share files or folders safely and seamlessly for up to 2 Gbs for free .
Once you ’ve uploaded files through the app , it will provide you with the download link you can share with anyone .
Manage and organize tasks or ideas on the Kanban board .
Trello allows you to have a customized workflow based on the type of the project .
For software development , for example , it ’s common to have multiple columns like “ Backlog ” , “ Coding ” , “ Testing ” , “ Approval ” , and “ Done ” .
Seamlessly stores and sync any files across multiple devices for free .
It can also generate a link that you can share with anyone to download .
More :
A free cross-platform email client app with full supports on IMAP and SMTP mail connection .
It brings handy features like calendar , address book , reminder , and tabbed - interface , which makes managing email a whole lot better .
More :
Simple - to-use mind mapping applications for the macOS that help to visually collect , classify , and structure ideas as well as organize , study , and solve problems .
Folx is a free app for macOS which to manage your downloads .
It also offers browser extensions that offer more convenience when downloading files from any websites .
Forgot to bring your laptop ?
Not to worry .
Use this app to connect to a remote Windows PC , apps , desktops , or resources like files and directory from macOS and virtually any device as it ’s also available in iOS and Android .
Beyond just a chat application , Slack allows you to integrate it with external services like Github , Zapier , and IFTTT with the Apps to streamline your workflows .
Could not find the App you need ?
You can create your App or Slack bot through the API .
Entertainment
A favorite Mac video player that supports almost all video formats !
More :
Discover any song playing around you and explore all the music , lyrics , and video that you love within seconds through Shazam .
An app that allows you to read eBooks on a simple and easy - to - use interface .
It can sync with your phone , tablet , and e-Reader so you can pick up where you left off .
Lifestyle
Track the status of all your deliveries in one app .
You get notified of your parcel ’s delivery status .
For regular eBay users , this app will keep track of your biddings and searches on eBay and notify you whenever there ’s a change in any items that you ’re interested in .
Get access to more than 40,000 radio stations all over the world right through your mac .
More :
Google Chrome is a simple , secure , and robust browser used by millions around the globe .
You can get all of Google ’s smart apps built - in the browser .
More :
Music and Video Editing
For the DJ in you , this is a powerful music - mixing software that allows you to edit and create new music .
More :
Audacity is a free app to record sounds or edit your recorded audio and music through a simple interface .
Handbrake is an open - source video converter to transcode videos from nearly any format to a number of widely supported codecs .
DaVinci Resolve is an innovative tool that features professional editing , color correction , visual effects , and audio post - production all in once software .
More :
Studio One 4
Prime is a digital audio workstation with many native effect plugins and unlimited tracks .
News and Reading
An RSS reader that collects articles from your favorite blogs and also keeps track of what you ’re reading to send recommendations .
More :
Universal software to view , print , and edit PDF documents .
Photography
A powerful and feature - filled photo editing app that can cater to all your photo editing and manipulation needs .
An open - source photography workflow application and raw developer that manages your digital photography database .
Social Network
Simple and free messaging app to connect with your friends or teammates for personal or business use respectively .
Official Twitter app that allows you to tweet , search and get notification right at the comfort of your desktop .
Skype is a useful and popular vide calling app that you can use to connect with one or many contacts .
You can even share your screen with others and record your calls .
Related : Zoom , Uz Meet
What ’s more useful than having the Whatsapp application on your phone is to have it on your mac desktop as well .
More :
Utilities
Recovers memory for your applications to use and helps avoid the performance hit you get when running low on Free memory .
Think of it as WinZIP for Mac.
Supported file formats include Zip , Tar - GZip , Tar - BZip2 , Rar , 7 - zip , LhA , StuffIt and many other more or less obscure formats .
A useful anti-malware that blocks malware , adware , spyware , and other threats from affecting your mac .
A tool to convert your audiobooks from MP3 format to M4B making them iPod compatible .
An app that shows you what is going on behind the scenes on your network .
A password manager tool that makes it easy for you to manage all your passwords that come under your personal or business use .
An interesting app that gives you all the information you need on every Apple Macintosh , iPod , iPhone , and iPad ever made , including all the hardware and technical knowledge .
A fast video converter that can convert videos in almost any format to an array of other compatible formats .
More :
Check the speed of your internet connection with this app .
The results that it provides are accurate everywhere , thanks to their global network .
A beautiful collection of high - quality wallpapers for your macOS desktop .
An app that keeps your mac or its displays awake for a long time – all through a simple on - off switch .
Explore hundreds of amazing places in the world in 3D right through your mac .
Monolingual removes unnecessary language resources from your macOS so you can have several hundred megabytes of disk space at your disposal .
A useful tool that allows you to thoroughly uninstall space - hogging apps from your Mac and free up more space .
More :
1 of 1 2 of 1
A retired judge has doubts about whether Premier Gordon Campbell ’s response to the recent upsurge in gang - related shootings in the Lower Mainland will quell organized - crime - related violence in the long term .
Jerry Paradis , who was a provincial court judge for 28 years until he retired in 2003 , said that putting more police officers on the ground wo n’t lessen the danger to ordinary citizens , who are at risk of getting caught in the crossfire .
“ The police will be unaware of when the next explosion will happen , ” Paradis told the Georgia Straight in a phone interview from his North Vancouver residence .
“ They do n’t know about them [ shootings ] until they happen . ”
Paradis is a board member of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition , a Massachusetts - based group composed of current and former members of the police and justice communities who are critical of current drug policies around the world .
“ I ’m satisfied in my own mind that although organized crime is involved in other things at the moment , while this particular or several gang wars may be due to other things that I ’m not aware of , I have no doubt in my mind that it ’s [ an ] attempt to either get status or maintain status in the drug market and protect turf , ” he said .
In Canada , drug laws are a federal matter .
Judging by pronouncements from Campbell and Attorney General Wally Oppal , it seems the province will be seeking federal help with this problem , but only in terms of expanding legal provisions for wiretapping , and toughening laws for bail and criminal sentencing .
The experience of the United States with outlawing alcohol in the 1920s and early 1930s is instructive , according to Paradis .
Criminal organizations proliferated and made huge amounts of money from the illegal - alcohol market .
With this came gang rivalries and violence .
When Prohibition ended in 1933 , Paradis stressed , the widespread gang violence disappeared almost overnight .
According to Paradis , “ The same thing happens here , and until we legalize and regulate drugs — all drugs , but at least we can start with marijuana ; that ’s the one that ’s got the most demand and therefore needs the most supply , and therefore is the most lucrative to get involved with — until we do that , it ’s just not going to get better , no matter how many cops we put on the street or how much money we throw at the problem . ”
Criminal Intelligence Service Canada , which is chaired by RCMP Commissioner William Elliott , has noted that B.C. ’s Lower Mainland , Southern Ontario , and the Greater Montreal region are the country ’s organized - crime centres .
“ The illicit drug market remains the largest criminal market in terms of extent , scope , and the degree of involvement by the majority of organized crime groups , ” CISC stated in its 2008 annual report on organized crime .
The report also noted that marijuana “ remains one of the most trafficked illicit drugs in Canada , with extensive organized crime involvement at all levels of production , distribution and exportation ” .
A 2006 drug situation report by the RCMP estimated annual cannabis production in Canada at 1,399 to 3,498 tonnes and said it “ continues to be predominant in British Columbia , Ontario and Quebec ” .
In 2002 , the Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs released a report noting that the criminalization of marijuana has seen the “ power and wealth of organized crime enhanced as criminals benefit from prohibition ; and governments see their ability to prevent at - risk use diminished ” .
Paradis said that the value of drugs on the street is grossly out
of proportion to the real cost of production .
He noted that a single shot of cocaine should cost about $ 3.50 , with a “ reasonable ” return to the producer .
He said that , in fact , it ’s sold on the black market for about 10 times that price .
“ As soon as you decriminalize , it becomes something like alcohol , which the provinces are in charge of , ” Paradis said .
“ I see no reason why it should n’t be exactly the same as the liquor stores .
The only difference would be — and I think it should be this way with liquor as well — there would be no marketing , no advertising , no promotion , zero .
“ We managed to price alcohol in such a way , in a variety of alcohols , that people who are addicted to alcohol but have little funds do n’t steal to get what they want , ” he added .
The first Democratic president in the modern era to be elected on an anti-war ticket is also , to the relief of neocons and the liberal belligerati , a hawk .
Committed to escalation in Afghanistan , his foreign policy selections also indicate bellicosity towards Sudan and Iran .
During his first week in office he sanctioned two missile attacks in Pakistan , killing 22 people , including women and children .
And his stance on Gaza is remarkably close to that of the outgoing administration .
The question now is how Obama will convince his supporters to back that stance .
Bush could rely on a core constituency whose commitment to peace and human rights is , at the very least , questionable .
Obama has no such luxury .
In making his case , he will need the support of those " liberal hawks " who gave Bush such vocal support .
It is tempting to dismiss the " pro-war left " as a congeries of discredited left - wing apostates and Nato liberals .
Their artless euphemisms for bloody conquest seem especially redundant in light of over a million Iraqi deaths .
Yet their arguments , ranging from a paternalistic defence of " humanitarian intervention " to the championing of " western values " , have their origins in a tradition of liberal imperialism whose durability advises against hasty dismissal .
In every country whose rulers have opted for empire , there has developed among the intellectual classes a powerful pro-imperial consensus , with liberals and leftwingers its most vociferous defenders .
Liberal imperialists have resisted explicitly racist arguments for domination , instead justifying empire as a humane venture delivering progress .
Even so , implicit in such a stance was the belief that other peoples were inferior .
Just as John Stuart Mill contended that despotism was a " legitimate mode of government in dealing with the barbarians " provided " the end be their improvement " , so the Fabians contended that self - government for " native races " was " as useless to them as a dynamo to a Caribbean " .
Intellectuals of the Second International such as Eduard Bernstein regarded the colonised as incapable of self - government .
For many liberals and socialists of this era , the only disagreement was over whether the natives could attain the disciplined state necessary to run their own affairs .
Indigenous resistance , moreover , was interpreted as " native fanaticism " , to be overcome with European tuition .
The current liberal imperialists are not replicas of their 19th - century antecedents .
Cold war priorities , including the need to incorporate elements of the left into an anti-communist front , transformed the culture of empire .
If the " anti-totalitarian " left supported US expansionism , they often did so under the mantle of anti-colonialism .
Decolonisation and the civil rights struggle meant explicit racism had to be dispensed with in arguments for military intervention .
This was a slow process .
Both the Eisenhower and Kennedy administrations were terrified of " premature independence " for colonised nations .
The state department asserted that " backward societies " required authoritarianism to prepare them for modernity .
Irving Kristol , a cold war liberal who became the " godfather of neoconservatism " , justified the Vietnam war in part by asserting that the country was " barely capable of decent self - government under the very best of conditions " , and thus needed its US - imposed dictatorship .
Nonetheless , such arguments today tend to be rehearsed only on the wilder shores of the neoconservative right .
Since the collapse of the Soviet Union , however , some paternalistic mainstays of liberal imperialism have been reinvented under the impress of " humanitarian intervention " .
Just as Victorian humanitarians saw the empire as the appropriate tool for saving the oppressed , so the 1990s saw demands for the US military to deliver Somalians , Bosnians and Kosovans from their tormentors - notwithstanding the fact that US intervention played a destructive role in each case .
The agency of the oppressed themselves is largely absent from this perspective .
And , as New York University 's Stephen Holmes pointed out : " By denouncing the United States primarily for standing by when atrocity abroad occurs , these well - meaning liberals have helped re-popularise the idea of America as a potentially benign imperial power . "
The catastrophe in Iraq has produced a reaction against humanitarian imperialism even from former interventionists like David Rieff , who has warned against the " rebirth of imperialism with human rights as its moral warrant " .
Even so , among liberal intellectuals there is a broad coalition favouring intervention into Darfur , though humanitarian organisations have opposed the idea .
And there is little resistance to the escalation in Afghanistan , where " native fanaticism " is once more the enemy .
Liberal imperialism is in rude health : it is its victims who are in mortal peril .
• Richard Seymour is the author of The Liberal Defence of Murder leninstombblog@googlemail.com
Claudine Beaumont
Telegraph
March 12 , 2009
The file , called Pifts.exe , requests permission to dial out to the internet .
But users of Symantec ’s Norton Internet Protection software have found it almost impossible to find more information about the file ’s origins and purpose , and the situation has led to a rash of rumours on online message boards about the true purpose of the file .
[ efoods ]
Security experts , however , believe the file is innocuous and does not pose a threat to internet users .
Many users first became aware of the file on Monday , when their internet protection software popped up a warning that Pifts.exe was trying to access the internet .
The location of the file pointed to a non-existent folder within the user ’s Symantec LiveUpdate library .
Further investigation by some Norton users suggested that the file attempted to dial out to Norton servers in Africa , while others wildly speculated that “ Pifts ” stood for Public Internet File Tracking system , and was a sinister attempt to monitor users ’ online behaviour .
The rumours were further fanned by Symantec ’s apparent decision to delete threads related to the issue from its user support forum , leading some web users to suggest a cover - up by the software company .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
read more
Nuclear energy is key to the UK achieving its clean , low carbon energy goals , helping to tackle the growing threat of global warming .
Statistics in the Nuclear Industry Association ( NIA ) show that 155,000 jobs are directly or indirectly supported by the industry .
However - with a skilled but ageing workforce , there is a huge skills gap which needs to be bridged .
And with the development of a new generation of nuclear power plants , the number of jobs available to the industry is set to increase significantly .
Fixed Survivors being able to climb surfaces marked for versus infected only
Fixed a class of SurvivorBot bugs dealing with rescuing downed players
Players can no longer grab ladders while flying through the air after a Tank punch
Shooting near a car with an alarm that has already fired the alarm will no longer make chirping noises
Improved loading time
Fixed mini -gun physics exploit
Fixed propane tanks ( and other physics objects ) causing players to fall through elevators
Fixed rare achievement bug issues
Fixed several map exploits
Fixed various match making issues
Fixed NAT traversal issues
Added HUD elements to show status of other infected players
Changed color of infected player name in chat to red
Fixed exploit where players could spawn infected bots
Fixed instance where a Survivor changing to the infected team would be attacked by infected bots
Normalized special infected melee damage
Made the following client commands cheat protected : " Kill " and " explode "
Fixed exploit where infected players could run away and teleport back to gain health
Players can only change teams once per map
Players can't change teams while other players are still loading
Tank spawns at the same % through the map for both teams in versus mode
Made the Tank and Witch spawn directly on the escape route
Increased chance of getting the Tank or Witch
Fixed team swap issue
Easier to pounce a Survivor who is meleeing
Increased Minimum damage a Hunter pounce does
Fixed Smoker tongue tolerance
Smoker now has to be killed or the tongue destroyed for the tongue to break
Survivors cannot bash someone off the tongue until the Survivor being pulled is paralyzed or hanging
Tongue attacks that fail to paralyze or hang a Survivor will use the shorter ability delay timer
Fixed cases where the ability timer was not using the correct time
Fixed case where you could point at a Survivor but not register a tongue hit
Fixed Smoker tongue not targeting and landing properly through PZ ghosts
Smoker tongue does damage every second while dragging paralyzed Survivors
Bashable objects now appear with a red glow
Tanks hitting a car with an alarm disables the alarm permanently
Tank frustration timer is only reset by hitting Survivors with rocks or fists
Reduced autoshotgun damage against Tanks
Witch spawns at the same % through the map for both teams
Avoids spawning within a certain % of the tank
Fixed an exploit where the Witch could be woken up and tricked into attacking Survivors
Left 4
Dead has been updated with a host of fixes , tweaks and new features , including enhancements to Versus mode for improved competitive play .
The full change list is below .
For PC users the update will be applied automatically via Steam .
Meanwhile , the update will be made available to Xbox 360 players in the coming weeks .
Newt Gingrich followed Bill O'Reilly 's lead last night on The O'Reilly Factor , talking about how Americans ' drug use -- and not horribly wrong - headed American drug laws -- are responsible for the border wars being waged by Mexican cartels .
O'Reilly seemed to think that Singapore might be a model to follow , since things work so swell over there :
O'Reilly : I do n't know whether you know this , but I did one of my papers at Harvard on this -- on how to reduce demand for drugs .
But the United States has never figured it out .
You can't lock up drug users , I mean , that does n't work .
And you can't force them into rehab , you have to want rehab , and even if you want it , it 's very hard to get off hard drugs and alcohol .
Very hard .
What you can do , though , is sanction people along the way .
And this is what they do in Singapore .
If you 're caught possessing drugs -- and that means drugs in your bloodstream , they have a little hair thing , and they put it in there -- then you have to go to mandatory rehab .
And they have centers where you go .
Now , they have no drug problem in Singapore at all , number one , because they hang drug dealers -- they execute them .
And number two , the market is very thin , because when they catch you using , you go away with a mandatory rehab .
You go to some rehab center , which they have , which the government has built .
The United States does not have the stomach for that .
We do n't have the stomach for that , Mr. Speaker .
Gingrich :
Well , I think it 's time we get the stomach for that , Bill .
And I think we need a program -- I would dramatically expand testing .
I think we have -- and I agree with you .
I would try to use rehabilitation , I 'd make it mandatory .
And I think we have every right as a country to demand of our citizens that they quit doing illegal things which are funding , both in Afghanistan and in Mexico and in Colombia , people who are destroying civilization .
Mario Pacman - Instead of your yellow Pie shaped Hero you get the good ol Mario and Luigi as your Hero's !
You collect coins instead of dots and use the power star to power - up Mario to kill the baddies ..
Play it free , rate it , send to your friends , add the game code to your blog or Myspace .
You are player number 44980 | " > More Pacman games
| Report about problem with a game !
Full Screen Mode
People who follow the Volt development closely know that GM has about 35 mules clad in Chevy Cruze bodies .
These have been undergoing extensive continuous daily testing for months .
By the summer we will see the arrival of the first full Volt interior and exterior prototypes , and likely begin to see public test drives .
I had the chance to ask Jon Lauckner who is GM 's VP of global program management what has been happening with control development on the current Volt mules .
GM has already " laid out all of the concepts that we want to use and written a lot of the preliminary code , " said Lauckner .
He notes the car 's behavior " has to be software driven " and that all the code has already been " put into our mule cars and we 're evaluating and testing it . " GM has apparently figured out most of how the vehicle will behave .
" I would say that conceptually we 're most of the way there if not all of the way there , " in terms of behavioral programming said Lauckner , " but there 's a lot of work to be done still to make sure that the whole thing operates seamlessly .
" Lauckner feels it is imperative GM makes this car absolutely perfect .
He said " we need an experience where people say ' Wow ' this is really something special .
These guys have put a lot of thought into the technology , a lot of thought into the interface between me as a driver and how the car behaving that it tells me the kind of information I need know when I need to know it and that it operates very intuitively . " " That 's the level of refinement that requires very little explanation for people to understand exactly what going on , " he said .
He says having the car operate completely intuitively and with very little driver explanation is " the reason why we do development . "
He says GM really has to " love this thing a little bit to make sure that you not only get it that it actually works but you get it working in such a way that its completely intuitive .
" As to why this development process seems so long to us he said " we need the time with the car and we need the time over a wide variety of conditions to simulate certain things , so that we can see just exactly how the car is going to behave and what sort of information the driver is going to get to make sure everything works in as seamless a way as we can possibly make it . "
The announcement came as the body of Corporal Mathew Hopkins , 21 , was on its way to Australia after he was killed fighting the Taliban on Monday .
The Defence Force chief , Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston , said last night the military was " devastated " by the soldier 's death .
" Clearly the loss of two people is deeply felt by our people , " he said .
" This soldier was highly skilled and very courageous … [ He ] died protecting his mates and was willing to sacrifice himself in order to safeguard others . "
Australia has lost 10 soldiers in the war , including nine in the past 18 months .
A spokesman for the NATO - led forces said the death occurred on Thursday morning in the southern Oruzgan province , where most of Australia 's 1100 troops are based .
The soldier 's identity was withheld at the family 's request .
貴方がシャンプーを選ぶ時にどのようなことを考えて買う商品を決めているでしょうか？
「 安価だから 」 「 テレ ビCMをしているから 」 「有名だから」といった理由でシャンプーを選んでいる方も多いかと思います。
しかし大切なのはシャンプーに含まれている成分であり、特に薄毛対策を考えているのでしたら、シリコンについては確認をしておいた方が良いでしょう。
多くのシャンプーにはシリコンが含まれています。
このシリコンの役割は、髪の毛にツヤやハリを与えるもので、洗浄後美しい髪の毛を実現することが出来る大変うれしい成分です。
テレビCMや雑誌広告で大々的に宣伝をしているシャンプーの多くはこのシリコンが含まれています。
「 髪の毛の美しいツヤが現れる！ 」 「ハリのある美しい髪の毛を目指すならコレ！」などと宣伝していることでしょう。
確かにこの宣伝文句に嘘は無く、シリコンの働きによって、これらの効果を実感することが出来ます。
特に髪の毛が傷んでしまっている方には大変オススメのシャンプーです。
しかし注意をしなければいけないのは、シリコン入りのシャンプーには頭皮に悪影響を与えてしまう可能性があるということです。
元々アトピーを持っている方はその症状を悪化させてしまったり、皮膚のかぶれや炎症、その他にもベタつきや毛穴を詰まらせてしまうこともあります。
毛穴が詰まってしまったら、頭皮に十分な酸素を送ることができなくなってしまい、抜け毛を進行させてしまうことになります。
また育毛剤を使用している方は、その効果を半減させてしまうことにもなるのです。
ですので、もし薄毛対策の一貫としてシャンプーを選ぶのでしたら、ノンシリコンの育毛シャンプーを選ぶようにしましょう。
シリコン入りもノンシリコンもどちらも洗浄力があり、頭皮や髪の毛を清潔に保つことが出来ます。
それでしたら、頭皮環境を悪化させてしまうシリコン入りよりも、ノンシリコンの育毛シャンプーを選んだ方が得策です。
自分の髪質に合った育毛シャンプーの選び方はこちらのサイトを参考にしてください。
また男女別に人気の高い育毛シャンプーはこちらにランキング形式で紹介されていますので参考にしてみてください。
A.I.G. released the names of its major counterparties this month , at the urging of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors .
They included Wall Street firms , like Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan Chase and Merrill Lynch , that have successfully resisted efforts to regulate credit derivatives in the past , on the argument that such contracts were valuable risk management tools , safe in the hands of the experts .
In several hearings this month , members of Congress said they believed the derivatives had often been used to speculate , not to manage risk .
They have expressed outrage that A.I.G. ’s trading partners got 100 cents on the dollar for their money - losing trades when ordinary Americans paying for the bailout have suffered big losses in their 401 ( k ) accounts and other investments .
Some have also been dismayed to learn that taxpayer money had ended up bailing out foreign banks .
Some of the biggest beneficiaries of the bailout of A.I.G. were banks in Europe , including Société Générale of France and Deutsche Bank of Germany , each of which received nearly $ 12 billion , Barclays of Britain , which received $ 8.5 billion , and UBS of Switzerland , which received $ 5 billion .
Officials of the Federal Reserve and the Treasury have said they believed A.I.G. ’s financial obligations had to be honored to prevent a domino effect .
Had A.I.G. suddenly disappeared , banks and other financial institutions around the world would have suffered losses , bad enough in some cases to cause additional failures .
But in their letter , the representatives said that while they were aware of “ systemic risk , ” they still wanted to know who had decided that the way to contain such risk would be to completely insulate the banks from losses .
“ We would like to know if assessments were made of the health and total exposure risks of counterparties , such as Goldman Sachs , ” they wrote , pointing out that Goldman Sachs had claimed it had no material exposure to A.I.G. , but turned out to have received almost $ 13 billion during the rescue .
“ If such assessments were made , by whom were they made and what were the criteria guiding the assessments ?
Further , was any attempt made to renegotiate and close out these contracts with ‘ haircuts ? ’
If not , why not ? ”
A person briefed on Mr. Cuomo ’s investigation said that A.I.G. ’s list of its counterparties gave information only through the end of 2008 , and the company was still winding down a vast portfolio of derivatives , including more swaps .
He said the attorney general wanted to see whether the termination of the derivatives contracts was being done as efficiently as possible , given the federal resources available to A.I.G .
“ Credit - default swap contracts were at the heart of A.I.G. ’s meltdown , ” Mr. Cuomo said in a statement .
“ The question is whether the contracts are being wound down properly and efficiently , or whether they have become a vehicle for funneling billions in taxpayers ’ dollars to capitalize banks all over the world . ”
GENEVA , Alabama ( CNN ) --
The gunman who authorities said launched a shooting rampage over three south Alabama towns , slaying 10 people in his path before killing himself , was once a police officer in Samson , the small town hit hardest by the deadliest crime in the state 's history .
Authorities identified the shooter , seen in a yearbook photo , as Michael McLendon , 28 , of Kinston , Alabama .
more photos »
Authorities identified the shooter as Michael McLendon , 28 , of Kinston , Alabama , in Coffee County .
Speaking at several news conferences on Wednesday , authorities also released a detailed timeline of the rampage -- which lasted less than an hour -- and identified the victims .
Investigators late Wednesday said they were closer to finding a motive behind why McLendon would fatally shoot his mother in his hometown of Kinston before moving on to open fire in Samson and then Geneva .
" Evidence collected does indicate his reasons -- what the reason are I can't get into right now , " said Lt. Barry Tucker of the Alabama Bureau of Investigations .
" He was somewhat depressed about job issues , but the information we have does not specify [ the motive ] was job - related . "
Coffee County District Attorney Gary McAliley told the newspaper in nearby Dothan that McLendon likely planned the rampage for a while .
He said investigators have found dozens of ammunition boxes , military and survival gear and medical supplies at McLendon 's Kinston home .
The Alabama Bureau of Investigation said authorities recovered a phone list and a notebook from the home , " but there is no evidence that indicates a hit list of any kind . "
Tucker said the notebook contained , " a couple of pages of notes , people he worked with , places he worked -- it was over a year old . "
Asked whether the notes expressed grievances against others , Tucker said no .
The assault Tuesday ended at the Reliable Metal Products plant in Geneva , 24 miles from Kinston .
Police said McLendon engaged in a shootout before killing himself inside the building .
McLendon shot and killed at least 10 people , including two children , and wounded at least four others , officials said .
McLendon , who had no known criminal record before carrying out the rampage , worked briefly as a police officer in Samson , but failed to complete the " required training " at the police academy in Montgomery in 2003 , according to Alabama State Trooper Capt .
Marc McHenry .
He " did n't last a week and a half " at the academy and received no firearms training there , Murphy said .
" We believe he fired in excess of 200 rounds during the assaults , " Alabama State Police Cpl. Steve Jarrett said .
See photos of the shooting scenes »
Slaying victims James Alford White , 55
Tracy Michelle Wise , 34 Dean James Wise , 15 Corrine Gracy Myers , 18 months Andrea D. Myers , 31 Virginia E. White , 74 James Irvin Starling , 24 Sonja Smith , 43 Bruce Wilson Malloy , 51 Lisa White McLendon ( identity not confirmed ) , 52
The rampage began Tuesday afternoon when McLendon shot and killed his mother before setting fire to the home he shared with her in Kinston , near the Alabama - Florida state line .
He then headed to Samson , where he opened fire on his uncle 's front porch as his uncle and other relatives stood outside with the neighbors from across the street .
Mayor : " Shock and disbelief " »
Those neighbors happened to be the family of Geneva County Sheriff 's Deputy Josh Myers , who was later involved in a shoot - out with the gunman , unaware that McLendon had shot and killed his wife and young daughter and critically injured his nearly 4 - month - old baby , Ella Kay .
A family friend found the couple 's 4 - year - old son hiding in the Myers ' home after the shooting .
Five people , including Myers ' wife , Andrea , and their 1½ - year - old daughter , Corinne Gracy , were killed on the porch .
McLendon then opened fire on his grandmother , who was standing in the doorway of her home next door .
Watch deputy ask for prayers for wounded daughter »
Alina Knowles was in her home in Samson when she heard the gunman fire on the porch so many times that it sounded like a horror film .
After the shooting stopped , Knowles saw the gunman flee the area and drive around the block .
Watch the aftermath of the shooting spree »
Knowles , a certified nurse assistant , looked around for survivors .
She saw members of Myers ' family dead on the porch , but nobody 's chest was moving to signal they were alive .
Then she heard Myers ' baby girl , Ella Kay , crying .
" [ I ] picked her up , came between the two vehicles , " she said .
" Saw him coming up the road , ducked so he would n't see me , as he was coming up this way I ducked , was still ducking and moving around their van trying to keep him from seeing me with that baby . "
Knowles said she knew if she was n't careful , the gunman would target her .
" I would have been dead , " she said .
" I would have been on that ground there . "
Knowles was able to get the deputy 's child and herself to safety .
But the horror of the events sticks with her .
" I was scared , " she said .
" The scene I saw , there was no words for it .
None at all .
There is no describing what I saw . "
McLendon then shot and killed two bystanders in Samson before heading to Reliable Metal Products .
There , he exchanged fire with Myers and another officer in the parking lot before entering the building , where he shot and killed himself .
" We truly are shocked at this , " said Col. Christopher Murphy , the director of the Alabama Department of Public Safety .
" This event formed the single deadliest crime recorded in Alabama . "
Watch a timeline of the shootings »
Samson Mayor Clay King said he knew McLendon and all of the victims in the small southern Alabama town .
Watch CNN 's Anderson Cooper talk about the investigation »
" I coached him in both T - ball and Little League baseball along with my two sons , " he said of McLendon .
McLendon worked nearly two years at food manufacturer and distributor Kelley Foods in Elba , about 25 miles north of Samson .
He quit his job last week , the company said .
The company did n't specify what his position was , but said he was a " reliable team leader " who was well - liked .
" I can't describe what happened , why it happened , " Geneva County Sheriff Greg Ward told CNN affiliate WTVY .
" It 's just a sad day for Geneva County . "
Watch Sheriff
Ward talk about the shootings »
" He was shooting at just ordinary people going about their business , " said Alabama state Sen. Harri Anne Smith .
Smith represents Geneva County , where all but one of the victims were killed .
Smith said she had been briefed about the incident by state and local law enforcement .
Watch CNN 's Sean Callebs say who was shot first »
Another mass killing occurred in southern Alabama in 2002 , when Westley Devon Harris gunned down six members of his 16 - year - old girlfriend 's family at their farm in Luverne .
Harris was convicted and sentenced to the death penalty in 2005 .
CNN 's Saeed Ahmed and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .
All About Alabama • Shootings • Murder and Homicide
The first Nigerian conference on Free and Open Source Software was held this week in Kano , Nigeria .
The conference featured local speakers , consultants , network engineers , system administrators and academics , and international guests from KDE for three days at Bayero University of Kano .
Over 500 students and professionals attended , filling the hall to capacity .
Group Photo Group Photo
The honourable commissioner for science and technology Dr Bashir Galadanci opened the conference on Friday morning , referring to his experiences with Free Software in Italy in the 1990s ; he expressed hope for the future of Free Software in Nigeria and encouraged all those present to develop their technical skills .
The director of the Centre for Information Technology , Dr. Muntari Hajara Ali , echoed these sentiments and stressed that the attendees are in the forefront of the effort to domesticate IT and giving Free and Open Source software a place in the Nigerian economy .
Not all of the scheduled speakers were able to attend the conference , visa and travel issues made some of the guests unable to reach Kano on time .
Fortunately the schedule was flexible enough to accommodate this , and other speakers filled in the gaps that were formed .
Ade and Jonathan Ade and Jonathan
Conferences in Nigeria are affected by power cuts just like everything else ; sometimes it is necessary to shout instead of speaking into a microphone , and some talks that depended too heavily on slides were disjointed .
All were appreciated by the audience , and a UPS kept the projector running through some of the outages .
Topics ranged from the highly technical like Adriaan de Groot 's talk on software checking tools , to the general and introductory such as Ibrahim Abubakar Dasuma 's introduction to Free Software applications .
These addressed the wide range of interests and abilities of the attendees .
Jonathan Riddell 's talks were interspersed with handing out stickers to audience members who gave correct answers to questions .
Dancing at the social event Dancing at the social event
The conference concluded with a cultural display at the Kano Museum opposite the palace of the Emir of Kano ; there is photographic evidence that white men can dance if you make them .
Photos ( but no dancing ) shows you more .
A 16 - year - old boy who was killed by a car while under arrest for aggressive behaviour lay down on the road after being threatened with a Taser , police have said .
Police intercepted the boy on Albion Street at Brasall , Ipswich , after receiving reports of a man allegedly carrying a machete about 11 pm on Saturday .
Deputy Police Commissioner Ian Stewart said police confronted the youth , who was unarmed at the time , and after they presented a Taser , he lay down on the road .
Bipartisan Group Highlights Wind Energy , Need for Federal Action
In Washington , D.C. today , governors from the 23 states that make up the Governors ’ Wind Energy Coalition released a report outlining the benefits of wind energy for their states and the country .
At the crux of the governors ’ policy recommendations is a national renewable electricity standard .
[ social_buttons ]
The report shows that a national renewable electricity standard would be an important step toward solving global warming and revitalizing our economy .
To date , 28 states and the District of Columbia have passed renewable electricity standards , with California requiring 33 percent .
The report itself included several clean energy highlights :
America can get 20 % of its electricity from wind energy by 2030 at little ratepayer cost ;
Getting 20 % of our electricity from wind by 2030 will create 500,000 jobs in America ;
Rural landowners will accrue “ wind royalties ” of up to $ 600 million ;
12 specific projects that created nearly 5,500 manufacturing jobs around the country .
The Governors also penned a letter to President Obama ( pdf ) , in which they voiced their support to the energy independence leg of Obama ’s clean energy platform by stressing the importance of wind power and the role it has played in their own states .
The governors write :
“ As a bipartisan group of 23 governors from diverse regions of the nation , we share a common concern that our dependence on imported energy sources too greatly risks the nation ’s energy and economic security .
We offer our assistance in working with your Administration to achieve one of the principal goals identified during the campaign — energy independence and increasing the role that wind energy plays in meeting this challenge . ”
While the clean component of the governors ’ support for wind energy was n’t ignored altogether , the tone of the letter was firmly planted in the energy independence and economic growth camp .
A camp that , in theory , should encourage more bipartisan support .
But less than half is not exactly overwhelming support .
Image : Governor ’s Wind Energy Coalition
Reporters Phil Izzo and Sudeep Reddy of the Wall Street Journal flagged BIS economist William White ’s identification of a developing “ Hayekian ” artificial boom and inevitable crackup in June of 2007 , more than a year after White first published on the topic in 2006 .
The following is from William White ’s April of 2006 article , “ Is Price Stability Enough ” ( pdf ) , BIS Working Papers # 205 :
The historical record provides stark evidence that a preceding period of price stability is not sufficient to avoid serious macroeconomic downturns .
Perhaps the most telling example is that of the Great Depression in the United States in the 1930s .
The period was characterised by massive and continuing losses in terms of both employment and output , accompanied by a cumulative deflation process and associated financial distress in response to accumulated debt .
Indeed , almost one third of US banks failed over the course of the 1930s .
14
The crucial point is that this out turn was not preceded by any noticeable inflation .
Indeed , prices were essentially stable for most of the 1920s and were actually showing signs of measured deflation before the decade drew to a close .
Rather , the period was characterised by rapid technological innovation , rising productivity , rapid increases in the prices of equity and real estate and strong fixed investment .
Behind these developments were ongoing technical innovations in the financial sector , not least the much greater availability of consumer credit .
Turning to more recent history , Japan has been in a protracted period of sub - par growth for well over a decade , with the GDP deflator falling almost 10 per cent on a cumulative basis .
With growth averaging only around 1 per cent annually between 1992 and 2004 , the unemployment rate rose from a low of 2 per cent in 1989 to a high of 5.5 per cent in 2001 .
At the same time , the banking system showed increasing signs of stress , and a number of bankruptcies were recorded in spite of strong and continuous state intervention .
As with the earlier US experience , this very poor performance was preceded by a sharp increase in credit , asset prices and fixed investment .
Notably , however , there was again no prior acceleration of overt inflationary pressures .
As for the Japanese financial sector in the 1980s , it was both subject to the ongoing influence of technological innovation and , more importantly , was in the process of financial deregulation .
Still more recently , attention could be drawn first to the financial crisis in South East Asia in the late 1990s .
For some countries the costs could be measured as double digits of GDP , with associated increases in unemployment , and the banking systems were also significantly affected .
In a number of cases , deflation threatened to , or actually did , emerge .
Similar to the US and Japanese cases , these difficulties were not preceded by any inflationary excesses but rather by sharp increases in credit , asset prices and fixed investment .
On the financial side , an important influence was exerted by large - scale capital inflows , which subsequently and suddenly reversed as the crisis worsened .
Finally , the same general point could be made about the rather different stresses imposed on the real and financial system by the failure of LTCM and the Russian debt crisis in 1998 , and the collapse of global stock markets in 2001 .
These disruptive incidents also took place in an environment of effective price stability .
As with the episodes above , each was preceded by significant evidence of financial overreach ( accelerating credit growth , rising leverage , rising asset prices ) .
And , in both the United States and Europe , there was a sharp increase in business investment directed largely to the technology , telecommunications and media sectors believed to epitomise the “ New Era ” then thought to be emerging .
These facts are as easy to describe as their implications are hard to deny : price stability was not enough to ensure high , sustained growth .
What is harder to do is to present an analytical explanation for these costly events , given the absence of the expected catalyst of rising inflation .
In the following parts of this section , two relevant points are made .
First , recourse is made to some of the central tenets of pre-war Austrian theory and how that model contrasts with the Keynesian analytical approach still used by most central bankers .
Second , an attempt is made to show how structural changes in the economy , both real and financial , might have rendered these theoretical insights of more practical relevance today than they were during the 1950s , 1960s , 1970s , and perhaps even the 1980s .
In short , history might still matter .
Lessons from the history of economic thought
A useful starting point might be the Keynes - Hayek debate of the early 1930s .
This was conducted in the early days of the Great Depression against the backdrop of a previous half century or more of substantial business cycle variations .
16 While Hicks ( 1967 ) contends that the debate captured the imagination of the economists of the time , it has since been generally forgotten .
Both Keynes and Hayek began by accepting some common insights .
The first is that a monetary economy is fundamentally different from a barter economy .
The second is that both built upon the Wicksellian framework which emphasised the problems associated , in a monetary economy , with the financial rate of interest deviating from the so - called natural rate of interest .
17
These similarities noted , their thinking subsequently led them in quite different directions .
Laidler ( 1999 ) notes that the IS / LM model , still the workhorse in the stable of most central bankers ,18 is essentially a one period model in which the short run and the long run are effectively indistinguishable .
Its central message is that deviations between the financial and natural rate will create either deficient or excessive aggregate demand leading to unemployment and ( in a fuller model ) inflation , respectively .
Both are undesirable in themselves .
In contrast , the passage of time is a central feature of Austrian theory and , short of the long run , credit creation need not lead to overt inflation .
Rather , relative prices are the key to future outcomes .
Deviations between the financial and natural rate lead the financial system to create credit which encourages investments that , in the end , fail to prove profitable .
The underlying reason for this is that the investments tend to be directed to the production of goods and services for which the level of demand anticipated never in fact materialises .
While many have rightly criticised the specifics of Austrian capital theory , the concept of erroneous investment processes driven by credit creation is still noteworthy .
Moreover , while most Keynesian models assume a relatively smooth adjustment from one equilibrium to another , the Austrians stressed growing imbalances ( cumulative deviations away from equilibrium ) and an eventual crisis whose magnitude would reflect the size of the real imbalances that preceded it .
The underlying reason for this last observation is that the capital goods produced in the upswing are not fungible , but they are durable .
Mistakes then take a long time to work off .
As is now well known , the Austrian approach dropped from sight in most parts of the world , in part because it offered no hope in the face of the crisis of the 1930s .
Moreover , the Keynesian approach subsequently offered highly satisfactory performance in the post - war period , barring the 1970s as discussed above .
Indeed , since the early 1980s the conventional approach to macro policy has produced truly stellar macroeconomic outcomes .
Growth in most industrial countries ( excluding Japan ) has been both higher and less volatile , while inflation has been sharply lower but also less volatile .
Against this historical background of success , it might seem strange to suggest that the pursuit of low , positive inflation by central banks should be complemented by concerns about financial “ excesses ” and “ imbalances ” that are more in the Austrian spirit .
It is argued immediately below that there are plausible reasons to warrant such a re-evaluation .
As a complement , it will be further argued in Section 4 that there is a reasonable chance that the good performance seen to date might not be sustainable .
Why history might still matter
One reason to warrant a reappraisal of the current conventional approach to monetary policy is that the structure of the global economy has changed remarkably in recent decades .
In particular , financial liberalisation has increased the likelihood of boom - bust cycles of the Austrian sort .
Moreover , integration of big countries into the world economy and the liberalisation and globalisation of the real economy , as discussed above , appears to have had material affects on the inflation process and the transmission mechanism of monetary policy .
Consider each development in turn .
The structural changes in the financial sector in recent decades have been profound .
Some combination of technological change and deregulation has led to a quickening process of disintermediation from banks , growing reliance on market processes , globalisation and institutional consolidation .
19
In short , we now have a liberalised financial system which seems much more likely to show boom - bust characteristics than the previously repressed one .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Shropshire 's downhill mountain bike champion , Rachel Atherton , has narrowly escaped serious injury after crashing in California .
When an armed man walks into a bank branch and demands money from a teller , he 's likely to go to jail if he 's caught .
Criminologist David Friedrichs maintains some bank executives are equally guilty of stealing when they get exorbitant pay packages .
" It 's a form of robbery , " says Professor Friedrichs , who teaches criminal law at Scranton University in Pennsylvania .
It should n't be dismissed as " just greedy . "
The financial crisis has generated a huge amount of anger around the nation at the mismanagement and excesses of some big bankers – and to a lesser extent at highly compensated corporate executives in other industries as well .
" People are really ticked off , " says Sarah Anderson , long a proponent at the Institute for Policy Studies in Washington of legal measures aimed at restraining CEO pay levels .
Asked lately to join some call - in radio talk shows dealing with the financial crisis , she notes : " It 's unnerving how angry people are with the bankers . "
It 's unclear whether public displeasure is great enough for Congress to put a complete brake on executive pay beyond measures already imposed on the financial institutions bailed out by Uncle Sam .
But Sen. Carl Levin ( D ) of Michigan apparently is planning to reintroduce a 2007 bill that would end tax favors for a major form of executive compensation : stock options .
And Rep. Barbara Lee ( D ) of California last month reintroduced a bill that would deny corporations the ability to deduct as a business expense any payment to an executive that exceeds 25 times the lowest paid worker 's wage in the company .
If that worker received the minimum wage , the deductible compensation for an executive would be $ 304,200 .
The company could pay him or her more , but not receive a tax break for the excess .
In 2007 , CEOs of major corporations were paid on average 344 times the average worker 's pay .
Ms. Anderson advocates that 25:1 ratio on tax deductibility apply to all corporations , including any company that seeks a government procurement contract or tax break .
This would generate more than $ 5 billion in extra revenues for Washington .
One factor probably weighing against congressional action is the political efforts of the nation 's companies and their wealthy executives .
From 1998 to 2008 , the financial sector alone spent at least $ 1.7 billion on campaign contributions and another $ 3.4 billion on lobbying , according to a study released last week by Essential Information , a nonprofit group founded by Ralph Nader .
" The righteous populist anger is competing against the awesome political - economic power of Wall Street , " says lead author Robert Weissman .
To him , managers of hedge funds won the " most egregious " tax break – the ability to claim their income as capital gains and pay only 15 percent in federal taxes .
Considering the high incomes many got before stock prices tanked , these managers would otherwise pay regular income - tax rates at least twice as high .
" Completely irrational , " says Mr. Weissman of the tax break .
Last year , New York Democratic Senator Charles Schumer , highly dependent on Wall Street for campaign contributions , did not support a measure closing the hedge - fund tax loophole .
Yet , argues Anderson , it was " a no brainer . "
To " rob " banks , as Friedrichs regards the CEO pay process , executives walk into a corporate boardroom and secure from the board 's compensation committee unjustified compensation packages of millions , tens of millions , and sometimes hundreds of millions of dollars .
This process , says Friedrichs , " pays much better " for CEOs than robbery does for the crook with a gun .
These compensation committees , appointed by the CEOs , are composed of cronies , paid consultants , and even relatives , says the criminologist .
By law , some corporate directors must be " independent . "
But an academic study of 2008 looking at a small subset of these so - called independent directors who were formerly Wall Street stock analysts describes them as " cheerleaders . "
One author of the study , Lauren Cohen of the Harvard Business School , says they are " clearly not independent , " not adding objectivity to their boards .
Another academic , Harvard Law School 's Lucian Bebchuk , suspects public outrage makes the prospects of reform " better than they have been for a long time . "
His reform preference would be " rules and regulations that strengthen shareholder rights and make boards more accountable to shareholders . "
It used to be that CEO pay was a drop in the bucket compared with the size of big companies – " just " 42 times the pay of ordinary workers in 1980 .
But Professor Bebchuk found that during the period 2001 to 2003 the earnings of the top five executives at a set of large firms amounted to nearly 10 percent of corporate earnings .
That is significant to shareholders .
Anderson also takes a shot at the argument that CEOs are irreplaceable management geniuses , deserving fat bonuses .
" I can't believe , " she says , there are n't talented people who have " a spirit of shared sacrifice " and seek long - term gains for their companies , rather than those " fixated on how many zeroes there are in their paychecks . "
See the World Through Flickr ’s Eyes
As sad as it sounds , most of us experience the world through photographs .
Now MIT software engineers are taking that idea literally and mapping Flickr photos to regional maps in The World ’s Eyes project .
By pulling GPS metadata from uploaded photos ( and then skinning that data in a neat 3D visualization ) , users can see how photographers / tourists see a given area .
There ’s overlap , yes , but that ’s entirely the point .
It ’s a project more about capturing stereotypes ( like the Eiffel Tower in Paris or the Statue of Liberty in NY ) , than giving a Google Street View objective turn by turn of an area .
Add tags like “ party ” to the mix , and that worldview is altered in very interesting , less predictable ways .
As strange as this may sound , I could totally picture this visualiser on the PlayStation 3 .
The platform has focused quite a bit on a unique photo experience , and the style is n’t so far from Sony’s .
All they ’d really need to do is network it .
[ MIT via GearCrave ]
The Senate Judiciary Committee Executive Meeting on the Patent Reform bill presently working its way through the Senate just ended , at approximately 10:30 am .
Last week , on Thursday , March 26 , 2009 , Senator Arlen Specter announced that compromise was close , and that changes to the patent bill would be “ very significant . ”
It would appear as if Senator Specter was not just blowing smoke .
This morning Senator Leahy , Senator Specter and Senator Feinstein all agreed that an agreement is very close on all the contentious issues , including patent damages , willful damages , inequitable conduct , best mode , post - grant review , interlocutory appeals and venue .
The changes to the patent reform legislation sound extremely significant , and it would seem that patent reform is going to happen and very soon .
Although the agreements were discussed , the specific language has not been announced as yet , but will be forthcoming .
Senator Leahy explained that the Senators and their staff are still working over the exact language that will be put in place prior to the next meeting , which will take place on Thursday , April 2 , 2009 .
The language is apparently going to be circulated prior to the next Executive Meeting on Thursday , April 2 , 2009 , so that the stakeholders can have an opportunity to be heard regarding the changes .
Here are some of the changes that seem to be agreed to by Senators Leahy , Specter and Feinstein :
Senators Specter and Feinstein each explained that the patent damages provisions of the legislation will include a “ gatekeeper ” provision that will allow parties to submit summary judgment motions on damages , but will not change the existing law .
The existing law of damages will be codified .
Senator Specter explained that the best mode requirement will be maintained , but failure to disclose the best mode will not be grounds for invalidating patent claims .
If what Senator Specter said relevant to best mode is accurate , this would be a significant departure from current patent law .
According to Senator Specter , universities receiving money under Bayh - Dole will allow universities to keep more royalties .
According to Senator Kyl , who admitted to not having seen any draft language but basing his statements on discussions with staff and other Senators , the post - grant review provisions agreed to by Senators Specter , Leahy and Feinsteing reverts to House language of 2007 on post - grant review , and would require the petitioner to raise only “ an interesting question ” regarding the patent , rather than a substantial new question of patentability .
Senator Kyl further explained that the “ interesting question ” would not need to be enough to suggest an error in granting the claim in order to institute post - grant review .
Senator Kyl said that in discussions with the Patent Office they are quite worried about this because they would have no ability to administer such a review , and would be overwhelmed because virtually every petition would have to be granted .
Senator Kyl also expressed concern that the patent reform legislation that is about to leave the Judiciary Committee does nothing to address problems within the system , namely the real and systemic problems within the Patent Office .
He said he was concerned by this because with such sweeping changes to the patent system Congress will likely not take up patent reform any time soon after passage of this bill , and there remains substantial problems facing the Patent Office and the patent system .
It is hard to argue with Senator Kyl on this point .
I have written in the past that as sweeping as these changes to the patent laws may be , patent reform is simply ignoring the 800 pound gorilla in the room .
The Patent Office is dysfunctional and overwhelmed , and it is terrible to think that there will be patent reform without making the patent system any better .
Sadly , Senator Kyl is correct .
I agree with Senator Kyl when he says that passage of this patent reform legislation will not solve any problems , and could make the patent system worse in the long run .
This is not to suggest that I do n’t like any of the reform ideas .
I will , like everyone else , need to see the actual language before offering any real or constructive criticism or support .
Nevertheless , with so many changes to the patent laws , particularly adding onerous post - grant review to the Patent Office plate , will only make the Patent Office more overwhelmed .
This is likely to accelerate the number of rules packages aimed at pushing off work onto applicants , which will have severe consequences for the patent system as a whole , the US economy and innovation .
If patent reform also addressed the problems facing the Patent Office , and the problems within the Patent Office , this could be the point in time that we look back on years later as the turning point for the US economy and innovation .
Unfortunately , punting on systemic issues facing the Patent Office does not help , and will make things worse .
Economists say there are some peculiarities to this wave of downturn start - ups .
Chiefly , the Internet has given people an extraordinary tool not just to market their ideas but also to find business partners and suppliers , and to do all kinds of functions on the cheap : keeping the books , interacting with customers , even turning a small idea into a big idea .
The goal for many entrepreneurs nowadays is not to create a company that will someday make billions but to come up with an idea that will produce revenue quickly , said Jerome S. Engel , director for the center for entrepreneurship at the Berkeley Haas School of Business .
Mr. Engel said many people will focus on serving immediate needs for individuals and businesses .
“ It ’s a very painful thing , ” he said of the pressure people feel to find new ways to make money .
“ But it ’s a healthy thing . ”
Mr. Engel noted that the dot - com bust helped propel a pack of hardy companies .
One of those , in fact , was Google .
While it was started in the late 1990s , the company succeeded during the bust in part because it was highly focused and did not need much capital , Mr. Engel said .
Ryan Kuder , 35 , understands the notion of scaled - down start - up fervor  and the worry and exhilaration that goes along with it .
He was laid off in February 2008 from Yahoo , where he was a senior marketing manager .
He job - hunted for a bit , then decided to start an Internet company that would let people do social networking at the neighborhood level .
Mr. Kuder and his business partner toiled until November , when he realized his big dreams had run headlong into reality .
He needed money to pay the mortgage and buy health insurance for his family .
They transformed the company into a new one called Koombea that designs and builds Web sites for businesses .
Koombea has grown to nine people , most of them in Colombia , where the cost of living allows them to do Web design relatively inexpensively .
( CNN ) --
A long - hidden message has been discovered inside Abraham Lincoln 's pocket watch , the Smithsonian 's Museum of American History announced Tuesday .
The message in the watch differs slightly from what the watchmaker later said he wrote .
Watchmaker Jonathan Dillon was repairing Lincoln 's watch in April 1861 when he heard about the attack on Fort Sumter , South Carolina , and wrote a short message on the metal inside the watch , the Smithsonian said .
There it remained , unseen for almost 150 years , it said .
In a 1906 interview with The New York Times , Dillon reported that as soon as he heard the news about the first shots of the Civil War , he unscrewed the dial of the watch and wrote on the metal , " The first gun is fired .
Slavery is dead .
Thank God we have a President who at least will try . "
The actual message that the museum found differs from the watchmaker 's recollection .
It says , " Jonathan Dillon , April 13 - 1861 , Fort Sumpter [ sic ] was attacked by the rebels on the above date J Dillon , April 13 - 1861 , Washington , thank God we have a government , Jonth Dillon . "
Do n't Miss Photo emerges that might be last taken of Lincoln
According to the Smithsonian , it was not unusual for professional watchmakers to record their work inside a watch .
" Lincoln never knew of the message he carried in his pocket , " said Brent D. Glass , director of the National Museum of American History .
The museum decided to open the watch after being contacted by the watchmaker 's great - great - grandson , Doug Stiles , who had heard about the message Dillon said he had inscribed and wanted to see if it was really there .
All About Abraham Lincoln • Civil War
You can add your Twitter account to your Technorati profile page for extra exposure and so you can track blog posts linking to your tweets .
You can do that easily , just login into your Technorati account and make a new claim .
You will be given a code .
You do n't need all of it , just the href value ( link ) like in the image below : Copy that link and publish it in a new tweet , then come back to Technorati and click " Complete claim " and you are done .
You can delete your tweet now , if you want .
Here is my claimed twitter account.via labnol
Francois Henri Pinault Marries Salma Hayek
On again , off again coupleandshowed Paris what love is all about on Valentine 's Day by tying the knot in a small ceremony at City Hall .
The newlyweds met in 2006 in Italy , got engaged and had a daughter , Valentina Paloma in September of 2007 .
They called off their engagement last year but reunited within a few months .
Sometimes absence does make the heart grow fonder .
In the last few years Salma has emerged as a savvy business woman .
Hayek is an executive producer for the hit ABC television show Ugly Betty and she also owns her own production company , Ventanazul in association with Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer Inc .
Pinault is chief executive of PPR SA , a French luxury retail group with some impressive labels , including Gucci , Yves Saint Laurent , Balenciaga and Puma .
His worth is estimated at $ 17 billion .
Congrats to the newlyweds !
More photos below .
Photos : WENN
( CNN ) --
The Gates Foundation is pledging $ 255 million to help eradicate polio around the world .
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is donating $ 255 million to help eradicate polio .
The money will go to Rotary International as a " challenge grant " that it hopes to match with a further $ 100 million raised by its members over the next three years , the foundation announced late Wednesday .
Rotary 's Global Polio Eradication Initiative says it has reduced the number of global polio cases by 99 percent in the past two decades , bringing the number from 350,000 to just 1,600 last year .
In addition to the money from the Gates Foundation , the United Kingdom is giving $ 150 million to the initiative and Germany is donating $ 130 million , the foundation announced .
" With the support of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , we are on the brink of eradicating one of the most feared diseases in the world , " said Jonathan Majiyagbe , chair of the Rotary Foundation .
" This shared commitment of Rotary and the Gates Foundation should encourage governments and non-governmental organizations to ensure that resources and the will of the world are available to end polio once and for all . "
The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation was started by the Microsoft founder and his wife to battle hunger and poverty .
Polio is an infectious disease carried by the poliovirus .
It causes motor paralysis and atrophy of skeletal muscles , often causing permanent disability and deformity .
The disease has been completely eliminated in the Americas , the Western Pacific and Europe , but the polio virus persists in Afghanistan , India , Nigeria and Pakistan .
Imported cases from these countries threaten other developing nations .
Access to vaccines and vaccine effectiveness are the biggest problems in fighting the disease .
The money donated to the polio initiative will be used to sponsor immunization days for children , extra vaccinations in high - risk areas , research into new vaccines and more surveillance to detect outbreaks before they spread , Rotary said .
A new study shows that salt reduction may offer cardioprotective effects beyond blood pressure reduction .
Published in the February 2009 issue of the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , the study was led by Kacie Dickinson of Flinders University , South Australia .
" Reducing your salt intake provides more benefit than a decrease in blood pressure , " said ASN Spokesperson Mary Ann Johnson , PhD .
The study by Dickinson et al provides " further evidence of the importance of decreasing sodium intake to improve blood vessel health and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease , one of the leading causes of disability and death in the U.S.
These researchers showed that sodium reduction is beneficial for people who have normal blood pressure and those who are overweight or obese , and the benefits start in just a few weeks . "
Johnson added , " Regardless of one 's body weight or blood pressure , sodium reduction offers many health benefits . "
The view from the window of Chinalco 's 30th floor explains why this Chinese state - owned enterprise is the world 's third largest aluminium producer , an employer of 200,000 and one of China 's 10 biggest businesses .
Beijing is stretched out in the haze to the horizon and beyond : mile after mile of car - packed highways circumnavigating a forest of new residential and commercial buildings .
Or to put it another way , China is the world 's number one consumer of aluminium because of the way it has been splurging on aluminium - hungry construction and automobiles .
I 'm here to interview the new boss of Chinalco , Xiong Weiping , its president .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
He 's been in the job since 17 February and has been thrown in at the deep end - because he is having to steer to a successful conclusion Chinalco 's controversial investment of $ 19.5 bn ( £ 13.6bn ) in Rio Tinto , the Anglo - Australian mining giant .
Let 's dispense with the news first .
Mr Xiong - who is 53 but looks 33 - gives a strong hint that Rio will shortly make a gesture to allay the concerns of some Rio shareholders that they should have been allowed to invest in their company on the same terms as Chinalco .
He says that he 's sure that Rio 's board will shortly find " a suitable solution " .
This can only mean , I think , that Rio will offer £ 1bn or more of its subordinated convertible bonds to existing investors .
Given that Chinalco is paying a very significant premium over the market value of Rio's assets , it will be fascinating to see whether Rio's investors put their money where their mouth has been , when given the right to buy these securities .
Mr Xiong also acknowledged that there is a potential conflict of interest between Chinalco 's desire to buy minerals as cheaply as possible and the natural preference of Rio's other owners for the price of its stuff to be as high as possible - but he says that " governance " arrangements have been put in place to ensure that Rio does n't feel constrained in the pursuit of profits .
So why is Chinalco making what is China 's biggest ever investment in an overseas company ?
In fact , including earlier purchases of Rio stock , Chinalco will end up putting just under $ 35 bn into Rio - very big potatoes .
For Mr Xiong , it was all about making Chinalco " world class " and a global company .
Quite apart from the putative benefits for Chinalco of taking stategic stakes in some of Rio 's mines , Mr Xiong wants his team to learn from Rio about managing a multinational business .
Now here 's a funny thing .
Although Chinalco is not directly managed by the state , what Mr Xiong said was consistent with the address made yesterday to the Eleventh National People 's Congress by Wen Jiabao , China 's premier ( see my post " Super China " ) .
Wen Jiabao said :
" We will continue to implement the ' go global ' strategy , support all kinds of competent Chinese enterprises in investing overseas and undertaking international mergers and acquisitions , and encourage large enterprises to play a leading role in implementing the ' go global ' strategy " .
In that context , the sheer number of recent investments by Chinese interests in non-domestic commodities and energy businesses has been striking - including a massive $ 15 bn loan - for - oil deal with Rosneft , the cash - strapped Russian oil company , and a $ 10bn injection into Petrobras , the Brazilian state - owned oil company .
Mr Xiong did n't answer directly when I asked whether the rest of the world should fear this Chinese buying spree , this opportunity for China to buy some great companies on the cheap thanks to its relative financial strength and the collapse of stock markets and commodity prices .
What he did say was that Chinalco had no plans to buy all of Rio .
Apart from anything else , Chinalco has hardly been immune to the global economic slump : the price of aluminium has fallen by 60 % , which has dragged down Chinalco 's profits - so Mr Xiong will have his hands full turning his business around .
Even so , one of the big messages I 've taken away from my short Chinese tour is that China is still moving towards the top of the premier league of economies .
Yes , it is suffering quite badly from the impact of the global recession .
But its pain is less than Japan's , or the UK's , or Germany 's or that of the US .
And , as deflation takes hold across the world , as China 's currency strengthens , as commodity prices decline , and as stock markets sag , China 's spending power has been significantly increased .
Also , many businesses in developed countries - like Rio Tinto - feel the need to reduce excessive debts that were incurred during the boom years .
And if such companies are looking for a partner with the cash to pay off those borrowings , deep - pocketed Chinese companies are among the few that are available .
Unless China loses its nerve , in a year or two 's time it'll probably own significantly more of the world 's more important assets than it does today .
I ’m not too sure how I came to be subscribed to Details magazine , but this weekend saw the third arrival of the “ upscale and irreverent fashion magazine for affluent men ” in my mailbox .
I originally suspected it was a covert gift from my girlfriend , a stealth attempt to get me gelling my hair and updating my moth - eaten wardrobe , but her denial seemed plausible .
I can say with certainty that I ’m not being charged for it , so I can only assume that it ’s either a clerical error or a very poorly targeted promotion .
This April 2009 edition is the first one I ’ve spared the direct flight from mailbox to recycling bin .
Perhaps it was due to boredom or curiosity or the hypnotic , flared - nostril gaze of the rear cover model ( pictured at left ) , but I decided to crack this copy open and see what was to be gleaned from the pages of Details .
First , I discovered that their readers feel strongly about the knots of men ’s ties .
Here ’s one of the letters to the editor :
“ What Knot to Wear ” was a ridiculous article .
Are you aware of how Obama ’s knots look , or those of every other American guy on television these days –who have absolutely no sense of how to properly knot a tie ?
They all resemble the same old “ funnel ” look .
European men are the ones who know how to knot their ties :
They ’re classy , proportionally right , and add a touch of style .
I have all my American friends asking me how to do the Euro knot .
Orlando Medeiros — Boston , Massachusetts
Next , we find a useful Q&A session on how to “ unlock your bathroom ’s inner style ” :
Q : Is it okay to buy bath accessories in sets ?
A : The best way to fight the matchy - matchy thing is to include a bit of your own personality .
You could buy a set of chrome accessories but then insert an object with character .
I shop on eBay for vintage items .
I keep Q - tips in an Old Spice shaving mug and use a ceramic olive jar as my garbage pail .
Their style section divvies up men sporting goatees into two categories : cool or tool .
Here ’s a sampling :
Cool Tool Leonardo DiCaprio
Sean Penn
Christian Bale
Josh Brolin
Colin Farrell Michael Phelps
Adrien Brody
Guy Fieri
Todd Palin
Dave Navarro
Chuck Todd
Joey Fatone
They also provide a handy pictorial on how to wear white jeans :
Apparently it helps to snarl and flex your bicep .
Then there ’s a hard - hitting interview with Barry Manilow :
I walked into a hotel wall and I broke my nose .
I did !
So many hotel rooms , you know ?
I ’m surprised I have n’t peed in the closet — I just never know where the bathroom is .
I went left instead of right , and I hit the wall and fractured my nose .
I was hoping , Oh , goodie , I can get a nose job !
I warmed to Details for a moment when I saw they ranked Jimmy ’s Woodlawn Tap , a fixture on the University of Chicago campus , one of the best dive bars in America ( check here for a great profile by the New York Times ) .
But the warmth dissipated when I came to their “ DOSANDDONT’S ” in the same article with advice like “ When in doubt , order what the patrons who get their mail delivered to the bar are drinking ” ( so probably Old Style or cheap whiskey ? ) and “ Do n’t attempt to bro down with the established denizens –regular status comes with time ” ( hey man , mind if I bro down with you ? ) .
Chalk it up to my short attention span if you like , but I was not able to maintain interest enough to finish their journalistic pieces , “ The Curious Case of the Gay - Porn - Star Identical Twins ” and “ A - Rod , Confessions of a Damned Yankee ” .
I ’m afraid my final verdict is that I will probably not open the next Details that arrives at my doorstep , but to the magazine ’s defense , I am not in their target audience : the affluent , white - jeans - wearing , perfect - tie - knotting , olive -
jar - repurposing , sharp - goatee - line - avoiding Barry Manilow fan , broing down in a dive bar near you .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
More leaked Red Cross testimony , this time from one of the first " enhanced interrogation " victims on whom Bush and Cheney experimented .
Remember : these guards and torturers are Americans , under orders from an American president , against US law , in violation of UN treaties , in total contravention of the Geneva Conventions , and far from any hypothetical " ticking time bomb " scenario :
After the beating I was then placed in the small box .
They placed a cloth or cover over the box to cut out all light and restrict my air supply .
As it was not high enough even to sit upright , I had to crouch down .
It was very difficult because of my wounds .
The stress on my legs held in this position meant my wounds both in the leg and stomach became very painful .
I think this occurred about 3 months after my last operation .
It was always cold in the room , but when the cover was placed over the box it made it hot and sweaty inside .
The wound on my leg began to open and started to bleed .
I do n't know how long I remained in the small box , I think I may have slept or maybe fainted .
I was then dragged from the small box , unable to walk properly and put on what looked like a hospital bed , and strapped down very tightly with belts .
A black cloth was then placed over my face and the interrogators used a mineral water bottle to pour water on the cloth so that I could not breathe .
After a few minutes the cloth was removed and the bed was rotated into an upright position .
The pressure of the straps on my wounds was very painful .
I vomited .
The bed was then again lowered to horizontal position and the same torture carried out again with the black cloth over my face and water poured on from a bottle .
On this occasion my head was in a more backward , downwards position and the water was poured on for a longer time .
I struggled against the straps , trying to breathe , but it was hopeless .
I thought I was going to die .
I lost control of my urine .
Since then I still lose control of my urine when under stress .
I was then placed again in the tall box .
While I was inside the box loud music was played again and somebody kept banging repeatedly on the box from the outside .
I tried to sit down on the floor , but because of the small space the bucket with urine tipped over and spilt over me ....
I was then taken out and again a towel was wrapped around my neck and I was smashed into the wall with the plywood covering and repeatedly slapped in the face by the same two interrogators as before .
I was then made to sit on the floor with a black hood over my head until the next session of torture began .
The room was always kept very cold .
This went on for approximately one week .
During this time the whole procedure was repeated five times .
On each occasion , apart from one , I was suffocated once or twice and was put in the vertical position on the bed in between .
On one occasion the suffocation was repeated three times .
I vomited each time I was put in the vertical position between the suffocation .
During that week I was not given any solid food .
I was only given Ensure to drink .
My head and beard were shaved everyday .
I collapsed and lost consciousness on several occasions .
Eventually the torture was stopped by the intervention of the doctor .
I was told during this period that I was one of the first to receive these interrogation techniques , so no rules applied .
It felt like they were experimenting and trying out techniques to be used later on other people .
The question you have to ask yourself is a relatively simple one .
Does this treatment amount to " severe mental or physical pain or suffering " in the pursuit of intelligence ?
If it does , then Bush and Cheney have to go to jail for the commission of war crimes .
Why is this a difficult question to answer ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Researchers Test Hamster - Powered Nano Device
February 12th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Researchers at Georgia
Tech recently discovered that hamsters running on wheels are good for more than just a laugh — they can also drive nanogenerators to produce electric currents .
While the electricity produced from hamster biomotions is small ( one nanowatt ) , it may be enough to drive nano - sized devices .
The Georgia Tech team is n’t the first to harvest biomechanical energy at a specific frequency , but it is the first to harvest irregular motions .
The researchers ’ nanogenerator uses a series of zinc - oxide nanowires mounted on a flexible plastic surface .
When the plastic bends , the wires bend and an electric potential drives a current to an external electrical circuit .
While the nanogenerator only uses hamster - harvested energy for now , a similar device could one day be woven into human jackets to harvest energy for portable electronics .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/I1C9S5xEoTE&hl=en&fs=1]
Photo Credit : Georgia Tech
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
A new online music service that has thrown open its virtual doors with a claim to be " the way we want to consume music in the future " , has swiftly fallen foul of the music industry 's licensing practices .
Spotify , created by two Swedish entrepreneurs , Daniel Ek and Martin Lorentzon , has already attracted tens of thousands of users who spread private invitations to their friends after hearing about the site through internet chat .
This week the company peeled off the " private " label to allow anyone in the UK to sign up .
However , Spotify has been forced to remove thousands of tracks in a row over licensing .
This has infuriated users and the software industry , which accused record and film companies of lobbying government instead of adapting to the 21st century .
An internet radio service where users choose tracks , or let the company choose them , Spotify is being tipped as the leader of a new generation of innovative online music programs .
Based in London and Stockholm , it opened up its service here after being " bowled over " by the level of interest .
Rather than buying music , users can fill playlists with songs of their choosing or create " collaborative " playlists which have their own web address and so can be passed around and added to by others .
Users can pick from a huge catalogue of songs , listen to them for free over the internet and , like commercial radio , hear a few adverts along the way .
The service has deals with top labels around Europe , and claims to be doubling in size every few weeks .
Dedicated users can also choose to buy a day 's worth of ad - free access for 99 p , or become a premium subscriber – where there are no adverts at all – for £ 10 a month .
But last month the Spotify catalogue shrank overnight by thousands of songs .
The site 's global community manager , Andres Sehr , wrote a blog post to say this was required by the record labels , which have strict rules about what can be played where .
" These restrictions are a legacy from when most music was sold on tapes and CDs and they have continued over into streaming music , " Sehr said , adding , " our hope is that one day restrictions like this will disappear for good . "
The cuts brought howls of dismay from users , while yesterday John Lovelock , chief executive of the Federation Against Software Theft and Investors in Software ( FAS IiS ) , said : " Over the past decade the software industry has evolved to become more user - focused and more adaptable to changing market conditions . "
By contrast , he said , the entertainment industry had been pushing for more restrictions instead of adapting .
" The entertainment sector appear to have lobbied the government to consider establishing a ' pirates tax ' on all of us , as well as yet another quango to oversee it , meaning more cost and more hassle .
It 's time these industries came up to speed in the modern market and changed their business models to encourage their customers to use the internet for their purchasing . "
Spotify does not yet offer links to let people buy tracks .
That could come .
For now , the co-founders are putting their own money into the company .
" We had the idea in 2002 , but realised that the timing might not be right so we waited until 2006 , " Ek said .
" We 're adding tens of thousands of users every day now , so it 's growing quickly . "
The company was founded in 2006 by Ek and Lorentzon , two established internet entrepreneurs who claim to have pumped in more than € 8 m ( £ 7 m ) themselves .
Despite the rocky economy , it already has more than 60 employees and received a € 15 m injection from two Scandinavian investment companies last year .
" We 're not in it for the money , " Ek said .
" We do believe there 's a very good business opportunity underlying here , but we did this because this is the way we want to consume music in the future . "
Digital music is dominated by Apple , which uses its iTunes store as a way to convince people to buy iPods .
But streaming services such as Last.fm in London , bought by the American media conglomerate CBS for $ 280 m ( £ 190 m ) in 2007 , are growing in popularity .
Last. fm 's co-founder , Martin Stiksel , said : " There 's definitely not such a consolidation as there was in online video streaming , where YouTube basically blew everyone away .
There 's still all these different business models out there … the jury 's still out on the business of online music that 's not connected with hardware . "
One of Spotify 's appeals is that it makes instantly listening to music easier than downloading it illegally .
Online piracy and illegal filesharing has been a thorn in the side of the music business since the original Napster blew the industry apart in 1999 .
Many in the record industry still believe the majority of music that people acquire online comes via pirate networks .
Other , unlicensed services have generated buzz – but ultimately failed to blossom under intense legal pressure .
Muxtape , an online mixtape creator from New York , was an underground hit last year but was forced to close after problems with the record labels it was negotiating with .
Although Spotify users cannot keep the tracks they hear , there are no restrictions on how many times they can listen to one track – meaning those who listen on their computer have less of an incentive to download illegally .
In the future , the company hopes to provide a service that works on mobile phones , car stereos and even iPods .
" The ones we want to steal users from are the piracy services , that 's our biggest competitor , " said Ek .
" This idea could be applied to other media as well .
Who knows , in the future , Spotify could be something that works for movies , games or a lot of different things . "
My morning had been shocked by an email received from my good friend , Fixx .
The email contains photos of weird fish with molar and canine teeth , stranded on an unknown beach .
It looks very scary to me and seems like somebody had just fried the fish !
Go see these creepy pictures by yourself and tell me how you feel .
Category : Arts and Culture , Featured
Over the past two days I slowed down my blog volume to do something I had n’t done in a while : program an application for Twitter .
My programming knowledge often becomes more of a hinderance than a benefit .
The reason is that I come up with ideas so often that I occasionally start to program the idea without thinking it through .
Being an idea person is good if you ca n’t program but when you can program it can become a burden pretty quickly .
I ’m not a software engineer but I know enough to be dangerous .
This is n’t about me programming though .
It ’s about the gut reaction that took place two days ago .
The great idea that I had at 2 AM was about a Twitter application , not a Facebook app .
Yes , I have a few big ideas about Facebook applications as well but I ’ve been increasingly considering developing apps for Twitter .
The reason is that developers have access to so much data on Twitter that there are infinite opportunities to generate new advertising models .
Yes , we ’ve seen creative ad models on Facebook ( I ’ll be publishing interviews with a few new ad networks over the coming weeks ) , but Twitter ’s API is completely transparent with few limitations ( outside of the once buzzed about API limitations ) .
Wait , Did n’t Facebook Kill Twitter ?
Yes , Facebook has opened up their status API but currently the system has proven to be limited and we ’ve seen little developer uptake .
So yes , my article about Facebook killing Twitter was a bit overblown .
Will Facebook kill Twitter ?
Probably not .
Could Twitter kill Facebook ?
No .
They are two separate services and the platform of conversation is totally different .
Both are social services though and with the openness that Twitter is providing , it ’s making the service a much more attractive one for a prospective developer .
Not because of the reach you have , but because of the data you have access to .
Figure out the Twitter system early on and you ’ll soon be scaling your product for a hundred million users .
Twitter Owns the Media
Yes , when Facebook launched their platform almost two years ago , every blog could n’t stop covering all the new Facebook applications that were launching .
I could n’t either which is why I decided to launch this site in the first place .
If you look on Techcrunch every day now , you ’ll see a number of new Twitter applications though , with many less Facebook applications .
Just today Techcrunch posted about one of the first Twitter monetization systems , outside of the early pay - per - tweet models .
That ’s not the only reason that the media is obsessed with Twitter though .
The bigger reason is that the media can instantly monitor what ’s taking place on the site and produce instantaneous reports , just like the New Media Strategies report which was published the morning after the oscars .
Not included in the report were the discussions taking place on Facebook despite countless live feed widgets distributed around the web .
The reason ?
Facebook did n’t have the resources to produce the reports the day after ( or chose not to ) and developers did n’t have access to the much desired data that Facebook has within their locked box .
This is a huge shortfall for Facebook right now and while the company is crushing Twitter , MySpace , and others when it comes to their Live Feed widget partnerships , they are n’t providing enough data for the media to create their own reports .
Facebook Must Open Up , Or Buy Twitter
Facebook needs to provide access to the aggregate data it holds under lock and key sooner rather than later .
They ’ve given developers a taste of what they want with the launch of the status .
get API method but it ’s only the beginning .
Right now most of the applications on Facebook are being built around the viral channels currently available but if Facebook opens up more , there will be applications built around information , not viral distribution .
An ophthalmologist at the University of Tennessee has unveiled a new imaging technique used to diagnose diabetes over the Internet .
A specialized camera is used on a potentially diabetic patient to analyze the inner surface of their eye .
The photo is then uploaded to a database of thousands of other images ( a mix of healthy and diseased pictures ) for comparison .
Algorithms then assign a disease level to the uploaded image by taking into account similar factors such as damaged blood vessels and discoloration .
( Source : whytewolf.us )
While the creator of the system , Andrew Chaum , still overlooks the computer - generated matches for accuracy , he believes that the system will be able to diagnose patients with very little oversight in about three months .
Chaum has reason to be confident .
The system is said to identify between 90 and 98 percent of diabetic patients , while issuing a disease level ranging from healthy to severe cases of diabetes .
Diabetes a Growing Concern in the U.S .
More than 25 million Americans suffer from diabetes , which , if left untreated , can cause a number of health - related complications , including blindness .
There is also a great disproportion between the number of ophthalmologists and the number of people requiring optical attention .
It is estimated that only half of those people needing to be treated for diabetes are able to get tested .
With the new system , more people can be diagnosed using less time , effort , and resources .
While the system is set to debut in the United States ( a first - world nation ) the technology has been implemented in mostly rural areas where access to doctors is limited .
One of the initial testing areas , the Mississippi Delta region , has diabetes affecting up to 20 percent of the population .
( Source : wired.com )
No Substitute for Human Interaction
While many will be interested to see how well the system works , some analysts are critical of the entire process .
Their main concern rests with the potential of a computer misdiagnosis , whereas the presence of a doctor reduces this risk .
Another concern : computer programs , software and databases become static and outdated , as opposed to the active problem - solving and decision - making skills of a physician .
Although many may be reluctant to abandon their face - to - face visits , it is important to remember that the system is designed out of necessity more than luxury .
The bottom line is that systems such as this could lead to quick and ( hopefully ) accurate diagnoses for serious medical concerns .
Letterman shreds Limbaugh , calling him ' bonehead , ' ' gangster ' David Edwards and John Byrne
Published : Tuesday March 3 , 2009
Print This Email This
In a scathing rebuke to Rush Limbaugh , CBS ' David Letterman excoriated the conservative talk show host while talking to CBS anchor Katie Couric on the network 's ' Late Show ' Monday night .
" What about this bonehead Rush Limbaugh ?
Honest to God , I mean , what is going on there ? "
Letterman said .
" Dave , do n't do this to me , please , " Couric interjected .
" Do n't do this to me . "
" He gets up in Washington and he's the keynote speaker at some function and he comes up and he looks like an East European gangster , " Letterman continued .
" He 's got the black jacket on , the black silk shirt and it 's unbuttoned like , oh yeah , when you think Rush Limbaugh , you think , ' Ooh , let 's see a little flesh . '
Honestly .
What is he doing ? "
" On a serious note -- although I 'm thrown by the Rush Limbaugh flesh in the same sentence -- I think it 's sort of indicative of the power vacuum in the Republican party right now ... and there are ideological differences about role of government but I just do n't know if the country can waste time talking about different sorts of approaches and whether Keynesian economists agree with other economists about the free market . "
Remarked Letterman : " We get used to Republicans like Newt Gingrich , and Newt resembled a Newt -- but a smart guy .
And now you 've got Rush Limbaugh , who says , ' Sorry , the casino 's closed . '
Leave us alone . "
" So much for my interview with Rush , " Couric concludes .
This video is from CBS 's Late Show with David Letterman , broadcast Mar. 2 , 2009 .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
In three dimensions , and with the complications of relativity , this is the Higgs mechanism .
In order to give particles mass , a background field is invented which becomes locally distorted whenever a particle moves through it .
The distortion - the clustering of the field around the particle - generates the particle 's mass .
The idea comes directly from the physics of solids .
Instead of a field spread throughout all space a solid contains a lattice of positively charged crystal atoms .
When an electron moves through the lattice the atoms are attracted to it , causing the electron 's effective mass to be as much as 40 times bigger than the mass of a free electron .
The postulated Higgs field in the vacuum is a sort of hypothetical lattice which fills our Universe .
We need it because otherwise we cannot explain why the Z and W particles which carry the weak interactions are so heavy while the photon which carries electromagnetic forces is massless .
The Higgs Boson aka The God Particle :
Now consider a rumour passing through our room full of uniformly spread political workers .
Those near the door hear of it first and cluster together to get the details , then they turn and move closer to their next neighbours who want to know about it too .
A wave of clustering passes through the room .
It may spread to all the corners or it may form a compact bunch which carries the news along a line of workers from the door to some dignitary at the other side of the room .
Since the information is carried by clusters of people , and since it was clustering that gave extra mass to the ex-Prime Minister , then the rumour - carrying clusters also have mass .
The Higgs boson is predicted to be just such a clustering in the Higgs field .
We will find it much easier to believe that the field exists , and that the mechanism for giving other particles is true , if we actually see the Higgs particle itself .
Again , there are analogies in the physics of solids .
A crystal lattice can carry waves of clustering without needing an electron to move and attract the atoms .
These waves can behave as if they are particles .
They are called phonons and they too are bosons .
There could be a Higgs mechanism , and a Higgs field throughout our Universe , without there being a Higgs boson . "
" I maintain that the cosmic religious feeling is the strongest and noblest motive for scientific research .
Only those who realize the immense efforts and , above all , the devotion without which pioneer work in theoretical science cannot be achieved are able to grasp the strength of the emotion out of which alone such work , remote as it is from the immediate realities of life , can issue .
What a deep conviction of the rationality of the universe and what a yearning to understand , were it but a feeble reflection of the mind revealed in this world , Kepler and Newton must have had to enable them to spend years of solitary labor in disentangling the principles of celestial mechanics . "
- Albert Einstein ( New York Times Magazine , 11.9.1930 ) .
- David Miller ( Article : " Politics , Solid State and the Higgs , " Dept of Physics and Astronomy , University College , UK , 2000s .
Image : - Woman as Higgs Mechanism , 1930s ) .
The Higgs Mechanism : " Imagine a cocktail party of political party workers who are uniformly distributed across the floor , all talking to their nearest neighbours .
The ex-Prime Minister enters and crosses the room .
All of the workers in her neighbourhood are strongly attracted to her and cluster round her .
As she moves she attracts the people she comes close to , while the ones she has left return to their even spacing .
Because of the knot of people always clustered around her she acquires a greater mass than normal , that is she has more momentum for the same speed of movement across the room .
Once moving she is hard to stop , and once stopped she is harder to get moving again because the clustering process has to be restarted .
But when they raised their concerns with the cabin crew , they were told to " stop making trouble " or get off the aircraft , which was preparing for take off from Moscow 's Sheremetevo airport on Dec 28 .
Shares
This week we ’ll take a break from lambasting the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine , as worthy as that task is , in order to confront some of the latest events involving the pseudomedical cult that calls itself “ naturopathic medicine . ” *
Intrepid nurse and anti-healthfraud activist Linda Rosa reports that Colorado is dangerously close to becoming the next state to endorse “ NDs ” as health care practitioners , and Scott Gavura of Science - Based Pharmacy called my attention to a report that British Columbia is considering enlarging the scope of practice for NDs , who are already licensed there , and that Alberta is on the verge of licensing them .
In each case , those whom the public trusts to make wise decisions have betrayed their ignorance of both pseudomedicine and the realities of governmental regulation .
To explain why , it will first be necessary to make a few assertions , which are linked to developed arguments where necessary :
Now let ’s look at the current events .
These will be presented by quoting statements of some of those involved .
I have added hyperlinks , emphasis , and , when needed , comments .
Please keep the list above in mind as you read this material , although there is little to add to Linda Rosa ’s arguments .
Colorado
On 2/8/09 , Linda Rosa wrote :
The Colorado Naturopaths are trying for licensure once again — HB1175 : The bill , on scanning , looks much like last year ’s , but it additionally ( and ridiculously ) calls for a 3 - year task force to report annually to the legislature “ concerning the practice of naturopathic medicine in Colorado ” and to sunset in 2014 .
The most disturbing change is not in the bill itself : organized medicine — for better or worse , usually the last hope for resisting state endorsements of quackery — has finally caved to the pressure .
Ms. Rosa expressed her concerns to Diana Protopapa , the Director of Political Affairs and Education at the Colorado Medical Society ( CMS ) :
Dear Ms. Protopapa and CMS Leadership :
Thank you for speaking with me yesterday about HB1175 , the bill that would legitimize naturopathy as a profession in Colorado .
It is very disheartening to learn the Colorado Medical Society supports passage of HB1175 , though I understand your House of Delegates is strongly opposed to such legislation .
I would like to help clear up some misconceptions and offer reasons why CMS leadership should work to kill this bill : — — — —- 1 ) You indicate that CMS believes that many Coloradoans are using the services of naturopaths and that is why the state should take steps to protect the public .
But there is no evidence supporting this belief .
A large NIH ( NCCAM ) survey in 2007 indicates a very small percentage of the public uses naturopaths ( 0.2 % ) .
That translates to about 10,000 Coloradoans using Naturopaths .
Compare that to some 430,000 who use Chiropractic in our state .
( Note : Loveland ’s McKee hospital closed its alternative medicine center for lack of interest and financial loss . ) ——— —-
2 ) CMS apparently believes that naturopaths offer some valuable services .
You mentioned nutrition counseling as an example .
Nutrition is actually a big problem area .
Naturopaths do not use science - based practices , and that includes the area of nutrition .
Naturopath nutrition counseling includes dangerous detoxing regimens and expensive , worthless supplements .
Naturopaths of all sorts are infamous for recommending highly restrictive , low calorie diets for cancer patients , which can be lethal for this population .
A leading “ degreed ” naturopath ( Bastyr University ) recommends the infamous Gerson Therapy / Diet for cancer patients : it consists of several coffee enemas each day with a diet of juiced vegetables , fruits and raw calf liver .
Last year , the Colorado Association of Naturopathic Physicians legislative activities were sponsored by 13 “ Big Supplement ” companies .
— —— —-
3 ) HB1175 would require registered naturopaths to follow public health policy for some children .
But naturopaths are “ vitalists ” who reject germ theory .
They are educated to oppose public health policy , such as immunization , fluoridation , and pasteurization .
How does that make them qualified to carry out these policies effectively or reliably ?
——— —-
4 ) Please read ( below ) what a cancer patient who is under the care of a licensed naturopath wrote .
All the testing and treatments recommended to this woman are worthless , expensive — and some would likely shorten her life .
Note the “ treatment ” program was determined before the bogus labs were done .
The restrictions in HB1175 would do little to prevent such exploitation .
— —— —-
5 ) Members of the task force required by HB1175 will be picked by a DORA employee with an obvious bias for naturopathy .
This same DORA employee , a lawyer , would make all final decisions regarding appropriate care .
Requiring evidence - based practices can be gotten around , because alternative medicine practitioners have their own “ journals ” and their own low standards for “ evidence . ”
( It is notable that NIH - funded research , which began in 1991 , has not validated a single CAM practice . ) ——— —-
6 ) CMS may not have been fully aware of all the nonsense in naturopathy when it helped craft this bill .
Attached is a disturbing list of * all the practices * the ‘ degreed ’ naturopaths in Colorado have offered on their websites .
— —— —-
7 ) With HB1175 , registered naturopaths would be exempt from the Medical Practice Act .
— — — —-
8 ) “ Degreed ” naturopaths also kill , but they do n’t go to prison like [ Colorado ] naturopath Brian O’Connel did for killing Sean Flanagan :
When 16 - year - old Megan Wilson of Kenmore , WA , had a severe asthma attack , her mother took her to her “ primary care physician , ” Lucinda Messer , a licensed , degreed naturopath .
Megan got some acupuncture , a shot of vitamin B - 12 , an herbal preparation , and was sent home .
She died .
If Messer had taken her to an emergency room across the street from her office , Megan most certainly would have survived .
While the parents won a wrongful death case against Messer , who is a licensed naturopath in Arizona and Washington , the naturopath boards in both those states cleared her of all charges of incompetence .
( see http://www.seattleweekly.com/2005-06-08/news/death-by-natural-causes.php
“ Death by NATURAL Causes ” – Seattle Weekly , June 8 , 2005 )
— ———- 9 ) This bill , if it passes , will not be the end of naturopath bills .
Naturopaths consider themselves the equivalent of primary care physicians and are now seeking in other states more and more privileges ( full prescription , OB / GYN services , minor surgery , etc. ) — —— —- 10 ) Some legislators look to naturopaths to serve poor and rural populations .
This would set up an two - tiered healthcare system .
CMS would clearly not want to encourage that .
——— —-
I implore CMS leadership to reconsider its support of HB1175 .
First do no harm .
Thank you for your time and attention .
Sincerely ,
Linda Rosa , RN
Executive Director
Advocates for Children in Therapy
http://www.childrenintherapy.org
—-
Quackwatch
Board of Scientific & Technical Advisors
http://www.quackwatch.org
—-
Colorado Director &
National Board Member
National Council Against Health Fraud
http://www.ncahf.org/
A CANCER PATIENT WROTE : Now , this Doctor scared me even more than the first one I went too .
Her
nurse asked me , “ Are you going to commence the blood test ? ” I said ,
“ Sure ! ” When she shows me how much I must come in with by the next day ,
3,253.75 dollars ..
I was stunt .
I said , “ What blood test is that ? ”
She
was adding all the testing with out the treatment program .
Here is all the testing Complete digestive analysis test $ 550.00 ( A higher cost than the other
Doctor I saw ) Comprehensive liver Detox $ 260.00
RBC Minerals $ 270.00 Essential Fatty Acids $ 320.00 Amino acids $ 480.00
Spectracell 3000 $ 420.00
Heavy metal challenge $ 385.00
Estronex $ 180.00 24 hour hormone / HGH $ 550.00 I would get a 15 % discount if paid all at once .
Treatment program
Which they want to do
MHA $ 351.00 Colonic Therapy 10 x $ 540.00 ( can we do this at home ? )
Reflorestation 10 x $ 225.00 Allergy Elimination 30 x $ 950.00 Vitamin C IV 10 x $ 850.00 Nutritional Consultation 4 x $ 435.00 Physician APPTS 5x $ 500.00 Peroxide 8 x $ 760.00
Now I wonder , How much of this do I really need and how much is just
excess and adding to my bill ? ”
Ms. Protopapa replied to Ms. Rosa :
Linda , I am happy to visit with you anytime regarding your concerns on CMS ’ support of HB 1175 .
According to your assertions below , it appears that you misunderstood many of the issues we discussed yesterday and I feel it ’s important that we all understand Colorado ’s long history with naturopathic regulation legislation and the varied reasons why CMS is supporting HB 1175 .
But before I do that , it ’s very important that I make the distinction for you that CMS policy opposes licensure of naturopaths .
HB 1175 registers naturopaths .
This is the lowest form of regulation .
Registration does not allow for a rule making board ( like physicians , nurses , chiropractors , etc. , have ) but ensures that the subjects to be registered meet certain qualifications in order to be registered and gives consumers recourse in the event that they are harmed .
CMS ’ goal with this legislation is to tightly restrict the scope of practice of naturopathy while creating a process to ensure that consumers have timely recourse to regulatory relief when they have been harmed by naturopaths – something the current system does not provide .
Legislation regulating the practice of naturopathy has been introduced in Colorado for the past 14 years .
It initially bore little credibility and was predictably defeated .
As the years progressed the naturopaths ’ assertions that regulation was necessary in order to protect the public began to gain ground with the Colorado Department of Regulatory Agencies ( DORA ) and in 2005 , after several deaths occurred at the hands of an unqualified naturopath , DORA recommended licensure .
Three years later the division once again gave the nod for regulation .
DORA argued that regulation would : * Protect the public from the dangers of unskilled naturopaths and unsound treatment or advice , and ;
* Protect the public from reliance on unskilled naturopaths , as well as directing them to proper medical care .
Over the years , the Colorado Association of Naturopathic Physicians ’ ( CANP ) desire for regulation increased .
Their case was strengthened by the support of many respected legislators on both sides of the aisle who agreed with DORA that regulating naturopathy is a consumer protection issue particularly in light of the fact that the Board of Medical Examiners does n’t have the resources to police this discipline .
CMS understands that naturopathy and patient safety may sound like fundamentally incompatible concepts to many physicians .
After all , naturopathy is not founded in western science and many of its treatments have not been subjected to rigorous clinical tests to determine their effectiveness .
CMS also recognizes that a growing number of consumers turn to naturopathy for the treatment of various ailments .
And , equally significant , because the practice of naturopathy is n’t regulated , neither the state nor patients have sufficient recourse in the case of harm .
This year , naturopathic regulation legislation resurfaced and CMS got the green light from the Council on Legislation ( COL ) and its Scope of Practice Subcommittee ( SOP ) to seek common ground in the name of patient safety .
After several months of discussion between organized medicine and CANP and many iterations of draft legislation we crafted a bill that features a very limited scope of practice for naturopathic doctors – one that the physicians of CMS , the Colorado Academy of Family Physicians and the Colorado Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatricians feel is appropriate and will adequately protect those members of the public who choose to seek naturopathic care .
HB 1175 will create a regulatory scheme that protects consumers , gives them the ability to report substandard care and file grievances against those who are not qualified to practice naturopathic medicine .
It also creates a very narrow scope of services that naturopathic doctors can perform .
Among the many patient protection provisions , HB 1175 will : * Register only those individuals who graduate from a post - graduate , four - year residential academic program recognized by the U.S. Department of Education ; * Provide “ truth in advertising ” protections by prohibiting naturopathic doctors from using the terms MD , DO , medical doctor or physician ; * Required naturopathic doctors to provide a host of disclosures aimed at educating consumers on the qualifications of a naturopathic doctor , the differences between a naturopathic doctor and a physician ( M.D. /D.O. ) and those practices that naturopathic doctors are prohibited from performing ;
Additionally , HB 1175 creates a narrow scope of practice in which naturopathic doctors may practice naturopathy .
Indeed there are more prohibitions than allowances .
Naturopathic doctors are prohibited from practicing or treating the following :
* Prescribing , dispensing or administering prescription drugs other than vitamin B - 12 injectables ;
* Performing surgical procedures or the use of laser devices ;
* Use of anesthesia other than topical anesthetics ;
* Administering ionizing radiation or radioactive substances ;
* Practicing obstetrics ;
* Recommending the discontinuation of care recommended by any other licensed health care provider ;
* Treating cancer ;
* Providing chelation therapy ;
* Performing colonic irrigations ;
* Treating a host of conditions that do n’t improve with documented evidence within 25 days without advising the patient to consult a licensed physician ; and
* Treating children less than two years of age .
When treating children between the ages of two and eight , the naturopathic doctor is statutorily required to follow all public health laws .
Finally , you note below that 1175 will make naturopaths exempt from our MPA .
Currently , the CO Board of Medical Examiners is not pursuing any complaints filed against naturopaths for practicing medicine because they do not have the resources to do so .
HB 1175 will create a funded regulatory structure that will police naturopaths and will sanction those who are practicing medicine without having a medical degree .
Without HB 1175 , the BME will continue to be unable to pursue such complaints and patients will remain “ in the dark ” and vulnerable .
If you have any other questions , please do n’t hesitate to contact me .
Regards ,
Diana Protopapa
Of all the misconceptions in Ms. Protopapa ’s note , two are particularly disturbing .
First , it is misleading to write that “ the Board of Medical Examiners does n’t have the resources to police this discipline . ”
The reality is that the Director of the Division of Registrations has , for dubious reasons , refused to allow the BME to aid in the prosecution of naturopath physician - impersonators , even though the language of the Colorado Medical Practice
Act requires the board to do exactly that .
If money is the issue , then money should be the remedy — not creating a more expensive bureaucracy that will dupe unwary citizens into believing that NDs and their claims have been validated by government .
The Director of the Division of Registrations , by the way , is the “ DORA employee with an obvious bias for naturopathy ” mentioned in Ms. Rosa ’s first note to Ms. Protopapa , and was also responsible for the misguided DORA Sunrise Review linked from # 12 of my list at the beginning of this post .
Who do you suppose will be responsible for disciplining NDs under the proposed legislation ?
The Director of the Division of Registrations !
Second , the “ very narrow scope of services ” is inaccurate , because there is no formal scope of practice in the bill .
Even the “ prohibitions ” are subject to change .
According to whose advice ?
According to the advice of the Naturopathic Doctors Task Force , which will
… CONSIST OF THE DIRECTOR ; REPRESENTATIVES FROM THE DEPARTMENT DESIGNATED
BY THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE DEPARTMENT ; AND EQUAL NUMBERS OF PHYSICIANS LICENSED UNDER PART 1 OF ARTICLE 36 OF THIS TITLE AND NATUROPATHIC DOCTORS APPOINTED BY THE DIRECTOR .
What else will the Task Force be asked to consider ?
( a) WHETHER COLORADO SHOULD ESTABLISH A REGULATORY PROGRAM TO OVERSEE THE PRACTICE OF NATUROPATHIC MEDICINE BY NATUROPATHIC DOCTORS ; ( b) THE QUALIFICATIONS OF NATUROPATHIC DOCTORS AND WHAT SCOPE OF PRACTICE SHOULD GOVERN NATUROPATHIC MEDICINE IN COLORADO ; ( c ) WHETHER NATUROPATHIC DOCTORS SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO PRESCRIBE PRESCRIPTION DRUGS AND , IF SO , UNDER WHAT FORMULARY AND HOW SUCH FORMULARY IS TO BE DETERMINED ; ( d) WHETHER SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES SHOULD BE PROVIDED TO PATIENTS OF NATUROPATHIC DOCTORS AND , IF SO , WHAT SUCH DISCLOSURES SHOULD CONTAIN ; ( e ) THE TERMS NATUROPATHIC DOCTORS MAY AND MAY NOT USE TO DESCRIBE THEMSELVES AND THE PRACTICE OF NATUROPATHIC MEDICINE ; ( f ) WHETHER , AND IN WHAT INSTANCES , IT WOULD BE BENEFICIAL FOR NATUROPATHIC DOCTORS TO CONSULT OR COLLABORATE WITH PHYSICIANS LICENSED PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 36 OF THIS TITLE ; ( g ) WHETHER THERE ARE TREATMENTS PERFORMED BY NATUROPATHIC DOCTORS THAT SHOULD REQUIRE ADDITIONAL CERTIFICATIONS AND WHAT QUALIFICATIONS SHOULD BE REQUI RED TO OBTAIN SUCH CERTIFICATIONS ; ( h) THE APPROPRIATE AMOUNT OF MALPRACTICE INSURANCE A NATUROPATHIC DOCTOR SHOULD BE REQUIRED TO CARRY ; AND ( i ) WHETHER NATUROPATHIC DOCTORS SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO PERFORM ANY OF THE PROHIBITED ACTS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 12-37.7-107 .
A recent amendment , according to Ms. Rosa , which is not yet in the online version of the bill , is this :
2 ) THE TASK FORCE SHALL CONSIDER ISSUES RELATED TO THE PRACTICE AND REGULATION OF NATUROPATHIC MEDICINE .
SUCH CONSIDERATION SHALL BE BASED UPON STANDARD EVIDENCE OF EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY IN LIGHT OF QUALITY , PEER REVIEWED PUBLISHED OR WIDELY VETTED RESEARCH .
THE ISSUES CONSIDERED SHALL INCLUDE , BUT NEED NOT BE LIMITED TO : ( a ) THE QUALIFICATIONS OF NATUROPATHIC DOCTORS AND WHAT SCOPE OF PRACTICE SHOULD GOVERN NATUROPATHIC MEDICINE IN COLORADO INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , ANY ADDITIONAL TREATMENTS THAT MAY BE APPROPRIATE FOR NATUROPATHIC DOCTORS TO PERFORM ;
According to Ms. Rosa , the Colorado Medical Society believes that this amendment “ will limit NDs to safe and effective practices . ”
The CMS is apparently naive to points 4 and 8 in my list at the beginning of this post .
The fix , it would seem , is in .
Linda Rosa responded to Ms. Protopapa by observing that key NDs are unconcerned about the “ prohibitions , ” because it would be ridiculously easy to get around them .
Regarding treatment of cancer , for example , the bill states :
EXCEPT THAT A NATUROPATHIC DOCTOR MAY TREAT CONCOMITANT CONDITIONS AND THE SYMPTOMS AND SIDE EFFECTS OF CANCER ;
Ms. Rosa added , wryly :
The “ degreed ” naturopaths also admitted to long defying our Medical Practice Act .
It seems the more they defy the law , the more support they find .
Meanwhile , rumor has it CMS leadership is giving Colorado nurses a hard time at the capitol about their scope of practice …
Ms. Protopapa replied :
Linda ,
The bill strictly prohibits naturopaths from treating cancer other than the symptoms and side effects .
Any naturopath treating cancer outside of this narrowly defined criteria is violating the law .
Fortunately , should this bill pass , consumers will now have an avenue for recourse if they are the victims of a naturopath treating cancer .
I respect your concern with CMS , the Colorado Academy of Family Physicians [! –KA ] and the Colorado Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatricians [!!–KA ] supporting HB 1175 but as I stated earlier , these organizations worked diligently [!!!–KA ] to craft legislation that creates a very narrow scope of practice in which naturopaths may practice and strong consumer protections .
This is far more protection than what we currently have in place , which is nothing at all .
Should you have any further concerns , you can reach me at the numbers below .
Thank you for your comments ,
Regards ,
Diana
To which Ms. Rosa replied :
Ms. Protopapa , I am amazed CMS leadership considers HB1175 to have “ strong consumer protections . ”
Under HB1175 , the “ degreed ” Naturopaths : * Will have no requirement for malpractice insurance *
Will have no defined scope of practice * Can conduct “ naturopathic diagnoses , ” whatever those are …
* Can perform “ naturopathic treatments , ” whatever those are … *
Must adhere to a * mythical * set of “ generally accepted standards of naturopathic practice ” *
Are allowed to provide substandard , worthless , unvalidated or dangerous treatments to a child with the parent ’s consent Regarding ( ND ) Rena Bloom ’s statement about the bill ’s restrictions : Naturopaths understand cancer in unconventional terms .
They can characterize their treatment of cancer ( e , g , “ boosting the immune system ” and “ detoxifying ” ) as “ concomitant ” or “ adjunctive ” treatment , and hence allowed by HB1175 .
Amendment L005 to HB1175 exempts some 900 “ traditional ” naturopaths from the bill .
There would be no restrictions that affect their practice .
They could even continue to call themselves “ naturopaths ” or “ NDs . ”
The degreed naturopaths are so hungry for state recognition that they have even forgone their pretense that this is a “ consumer protection ” bill .
Consumers would be better protected by complaining to the Medical Board , as they do today , instead of to a lawyer who has the power to rule on all matters , including about what is appropriate and inappropriate practice .
The only good thing about this bill is that another amendment has done away with the provision exempting registered / degreed NDs from the Medical Practice Act .
Again , I urge CMS and the other two organizations to reconsider support of HB1175 .
Thank you for your time and attention .
Sincerely ,
Linda Rosa , RN
Pay special attention to the amendment regarding “ traditional ” naturopaths , the obvious purpose of which is to remove a major source of opposition to a naturopathic practice act .
“ Educated ” naturopaths always portray their petitions for regulation as a “ public safety ” issue ( “ do n’t be fooled by fake psychics ! ” ) , and this group was no different — at first .
The CMS fell for that gambit , as evidenced by each of Ms. Protopapa ’s notes .
Yet now it is n’t even part of the bill .
As Linda Rosa observed , such cynicism was not lost on “ traditional ” naturopaths :
One traditional ND summed up the situation .
He told me that the degreed NDs are so desperate for legal recognition that they ’ll give up anything to get it .
I would add … but without the intention of giving up anything in practice .
Will the CMS finally realize that the NDs real intent is to make themselves appear to be legitimate “ health care providers , ” with all the rewards of that designation , e.g. , protection to practice their brand of quackery , greater patient volume , insurance coverage , etc . ?
∏=3
It seems unlikely .
The naivete of the three medical organizations appears boundless .
According to Linda Rosa , physician representatives of all three misused the term “ allopathy ” in their testimonies to the legislature .
The bill itself repeats the usual falsehoods about science , medicine , and naturopathy , quoted verbatim from naturopathic litany , that exist in almost every naturopathic practice act .
That not one of these physicians seemed to recognize this , or at least to give a damn , is mind - numbing .
The only good news from Ms. Rosa is that the bill is not yet law :
The bill has only passed the House Health and Human Services Committee .
It next goes to Appropriations .
If Appropriations finds the bill will be more expensive than the bill anticipates , the bill will go back to the HHS Committee .
( That ’s how we killed it two years ago — i.e. showing it would cost the State of Colorado millions , based on a study done in Hawaii . )
So the bill has n’t faced a full House vote yet .
No senate vote yet either .
Since 1992 , this is the 6th try for an ND bill in Colorado .
British Columbia and Alberta
According to an editorial in Wednesday ’s Calgary Herald , British Columbia is considering allowing “ naturopathic doctors ” to prescribe pharmaceuticals and order x-rays :
B. C. Minister of Health George Abbott says the regulations are about choice .
Naturopaths would be limited to prescribing Schedule I and Schedule II drugs , including antibiotics , painkillers and anti-depressants .
The naturopaths would also have authority to order lab X - rays , instead of having to refer their patients to a medical doctor to do paper work . …
There is an argument to be made for giving naturopathic doctors the power to prescribe certain drugs , such as those which replace natural hormones .
Bruce Lofting , a naturopathic doctor and vice - president with the Alberta Association of Naturopathic Practitioners , says there ’s really only a “ handful ” of medications that are useful to naturopaths , mainly hormones .
Antibiotics are also important , in that a patient might have an infection , in which case naturopathic doctors have no choice but to send them to a medical doctor for treatment .
That ’s inconvenient , costly , and unnecessary .
The same article calls for “ regulation ” of naturopaths in Alberta ( hmmm , I thought naturopathy was already a “ regulated profession ” in Alberta ) , making the same , erroneous assumptions that are being made in Colorado :
The bigger dilemma in Alberta is that this profession still needs to be regulated .
Albertans deserve the choice of going to a naturopathic doctor and being assured certain standards , training and disciplinary measures are in place .
A college has already been established , and rules written , but the province must first give final reading to the legislation .
Lofting says the Health Ministry has indicated proclamation is expected during the current Parliamentary session .
Considering the speed with which this profession is expanding next door , those regulations ca n’t come soon enough .
I am out of time and out of gas , so I wo n’t discuss these misconceptions further .
At this point it probably is n’t necessary .
…………… .
* The Naturopathy Series :
Bingo is perhaps the most popular game that is played in the UK .
Since it was invented it has spread so far in popularity that it is now played in almost every country .
Bingo is more popular in the UK than anywhere else ; the national bingo game is proof of that .
In 1986 the UK … Read More Why Play Bingo Online ?
When a manufacturer invites the motoring press to drive their newest cars , they sometimes utilize a racetrack to help journalists safely evaluate the outer limits of the car 's performance envelope .
Safety talks always precede these exercises , along with pleading cautions about not burning up brakes or killing gearboxes .
Not at the launch for the 2010 Hyundai Genesis Coupe .
The press showed up at Spring Mountain Raceway in Parahump , Nevada for a day 's worth of full - throttle evaluations .
The Hyundai PR flaks proffered no warnings about brakes , gearboxes or tires .
As a matter of fact , they challenged us to see if we could make the optional Brembo brakes fitted to their Coupes fade .
They never did , attesting to the capabilities of the mono - block four - piston calipers and big discs at each corner .
2010 Hyundai Genesis Coupe
Even after multiple groups of heavy - footed journalists , Hyundai 's fix - it crew looked thoroughly bored .
Aside from changing tires , the cars used on the track needed no service , not even brake pad swaps .
In addition to the track exercise , Hyundai offered journalists the opportunity to learn how to drift .
Drifting brutally beats on the car 's engine , transmission , drive shaft , differential , suspension , and steering while gratuitously destroying the rear tires .
These cars did n't break either , although a stack of used - up Bridgestones could be seen behind the tech tent .
These exercises attest to the mechanical stoutness of the 2010 Hyundai Genesis Coupe .
While it wo n't be impossible for regular consumers to break the car ( never underestimate the driving public ) , your author thinks it unlikely .
Keep in mind that Hyundai backs their cars with ten - year / 100,000 - mile warranties , so their new Coupe had better be tough .
As for the learning how to drift part of the event , success first eluded this journalist but he persisted .
The streets around Detroit may never be the same …
For our full review of the 2010 Genesis , check out our new Bottom Line .
With a starting price of only $ 22,000 , this thoroughly entertaining rear - wheel - drive coupe engenders memories of what the old Nissan 240SX might have been had the car not been dropped .
Coupes powered by the 3.8 - liter V - 6 begin at $ 25,000 , and present an interesting alternative to the new 2010 Camaro LS or LT , the less expensive of which starts at $ 23,000 with a 304 - horsepower , 3.6 - liter V - 6 .
A previous outbreak of mass hysteria , in 2003 , affected at least 60 people in Raití , northern Nicaragua ( Image : La Prensa )
An outbreak of mass hysteria is reported to have struck three indigenous communities living near the river Coco in northern Nicaragua .
A total of 43 people have reportedly fallen ill with what is known locally as grisi siknis ( “ crazy sickness ” ) .
Doctors , anthropologists and sociologists who have studied previous cases of mass hysteria – also known as mass psychogenic illness – have so far failed to come up with any clear explanation for the phenomenon .
Linda Geddes spoke to Elie Karam of St George Hospital University Medical Centre in Beirut , Lebanon , who studied an outbreak of mass hysteria in Lebanon during 2004 , to discover what we currently know .
Advertisement
What are the typical symptoms ?
The first group can be summarised as anxiety symptoms : tremors , shaking , difficulty breathing and feelings of suffocation .
The second type is referred to as a dissociative symptom : the person does not recognise where he or she is , seems to be in a trance , looks as if they are in a daze , etc .
Younger individuals , and females , are more likely to be affected .
How often do outbreaks of mass hysteria occur , and are they becoming more common ?
There is no real way of saying how common they are .
The phenomenon seems to have been going on for centuries .
It is believed that many collective behaviours attributed to witchcraft could be due to mass hysteria .
Dissociative symptoms seem to be more common in less industrialised societies , whereas the pure anxiety symptoms are more common in industrialised ones .
The crucial point is that symptoms appear to be contagious .
Usually , the sufferers have had a high level of communal stress .
Is the Nicaragua outbreak particularly large and unusual , or is it fairly typical ?
The outbreak seems to be on the large side , but not huge .
We need more data about the way this outbreak spread .
Usually the symptoms start with one person ; typically they are reported to occur in individuals who are in the line of sight of the “ trigger ” case .
For Nicaragua we do n’t know yet .
Does anyone understand what causes the phenomenon , and is there any physiological explanation ?
In short , no .
Explanations of the causes vary with the settings .
Demonic interference can be ruled out , but so can more recent purported explanations that point to pollution .
Is there a cure ?
Not as such .
Symptoms always abate within a few weeks .
Reassuring the community to reduce fear is key , as is keeping publicity and media attention to a minimum .
A fascinating story was reported on the AP wires over the long holiday week - to - weekend .
Apparently , a California physician , who is also an attorney , has renewed his legal challenge to the addition of the phrase , “ so help me God , ” to the presidential Oath of Office that President - elect Obama intends to swear , with his hand placed on a copy of the same Bible with which Abraham Lincoln swore a slightly different oath in 1861 .
Dr. Michael Newdow argues that such public references to God are unconstitutional , signifying that non-theistic or atheistic citizens are not included in the same way ( if at all ) in the ceremonial inauguration of their new President .
For similar reasons , Newdow is also suing to keep Reverend Rick Warren from delivering the prayer of invocation at the beginning of the ceremony .
Newdow expressed his intention to file the suit on the last day of 2008 in a Washington , DC , District Court .
Newdow has done this all before , unsuccessfully , in anticipation of the Bush inaugurals in 2001 and 2005 .
Why , then , is he undertaking this thankless legal labor again ?
The short answer is because he is on strong constitutional footing when he does so .
As I noted in a column in the summer of 2008 , the US Constitution quotes precisely how the presidential Oath of Office is supposed to go , and it is studied in its avoidance of the rhetoric of religion .
Article II , Section 1 of the US Constitution lays out exactly what oath the newly elected President is supposed to swear .
It goes like this :
I do solemnly swear ( or affirm ) that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States , and will to the best of my ability preserve , protect , and defend the Constitution of the United States .
That ’s all .
No mention of “ help ” or of “ God , ” no mention of Christ , no reference to anything more than the individual presidential conscience .
The power of such conscience , and the virtues this presupposes , were believed to be enough .
In short , the Founders were as vigilant about keeping invocations of “ God ” out of our public civic discourse as the current fashion , in both parties , is to drag it in .
To be sure , presidential Inaugural Addresses were another matter .
And while it took until 1821 before a US President dared utter the name of God in such an address , these references quickly became commonplace .
But these are the personal expressions of the personal beliefs of a US President ; they are not constitutionally mandated speech .
Newdow is arguing that the constitutionally mandated language of an official oath may not be altered willy - nilly , according to the personal quirks of conscience , or of religious belief , of a particular presidential office - holder .
If the Framers did not say “ God , ” then neither should a US President .
Why , then , am I not more enthusiastic about this threefold lawsuit ?
Because , as my title suggests , the political left needs to pick its battles very carefully right now .
They have limited cultural and political capital and they must spend it wisely .
You might have a case in suggesting that our money should not say “ In God We Trust , ” just as you may have a case if you object to the Oath of Allegiance ’s Cold War invocation of ( mono ) theistic faith as a central tenet of US citizenship .
But the cost of victory in such cases would be immense , and the Pyrrhic value of such victories almost non-existent .
In fact , I would prefer to see Newdow drop the suit about the Oath of Office altogether , decouple the question about the Oath and the presence of Rick Warren , and then to object to Warren ’s seating on very different grounds .
I worry that the Left that Newdow and his ilk represents is so fundamentally allergic to religious belief , and so theologically non-literate , that the only terms of debate they can imagine are religion versus no religion , and its implicit conception of the secular as a religion - free space .
These are a winless propositions .
The real objections to Warren ’s offering is theological , not secular .
It is the ( fire ) brand of religion that he represents , and the not merely hawkish but reckless policies he cloaks in the Bible ( and that I recently condemned in a column here ) that should make a left - leaning Obama supporter , and Obama himself , blush .
The man who argues that we should “ take out ” the Iranian president should not be involved in the swearing in of our own .
We have much to do and no time to waste .
We must choose our battles , and the ground on which we choose to fight , carefully and in full recognition of the dangers before us .
It is a time for deep reflection about words and their meaning .
And we should choose our legal objection to such words with care .
Japanese School Girl Wristcutters : So Wrong It Really , Really Hurts
Wowowow .
I have no idea what the context of this clip is .
I do n’t want to believe that these kawaii !
schoolgirl wristcutters are real , peddled by schoolgirls winking and smiling as they lick the blood trickling down their wrists .
But you know what ?
I honestly do n’t know what ’s real or not anymore .
I just do n’t know .
[ Vidmax ]
Fire up the chicken dance — or , at least , your best approximation of it .
Michael Cera , the lone holdout among the reunited cast of Arrested Development , has finally agreed to do the movie .
Despite the fact that creator Mitchell Hurwitz has said he could n't begin work on a script until every cast member signed on — and then , everyone but the erstwhile George Michael proceeded to do just that — Cera had remained publicly opposed to the project for months .
Now , though , E's Kristin Dos Santos is reporting the news ( straight from her Arrested Development source , which is probably Jason Bateman ) that Cera has changed his mind and will indeed sign on to the movie , which could shoot as early as this winter with Ron Howard succeeding Hurwitz at the helm .
Update : A rep at Imagine Entertainment writes in that Hurwitz still has sole claim to the director 's seat , presumably leaving Howard confined to the voiceover booth .
A beloved franchise cut loose by its network and eventually revived elsewhere with all its major players intact .
Hmmm .
Sounds like something we can get behind .
Asa Yamashita : Honolulu Teacher Stabbed to Death ( Photo )
a literacy coordinator at Wai'anae High School , was stabbed at 1:30 p.m. on Friday while sitting on a bench at the crowded Ewa Town Center .
She stumbled into a nearby nail salon where employees rendered aid .
The victim was transported to Hawaii Medical Center West where she was pronounced dead , the result of multiple stab wounds to her upper torso .
Yamshita , 43 , had just gotten her hair cut at Supercuts and was enjoying a snack in the mall courtyard while waiting for her friend to come and pick her up .
Minutes before the assault , Tittleman Fauatea , 25 , reportedly purchased an 8 inch long knife at Longs Drug in the Ewa Town Center complex .
He then approached the woman and stabbed her several times .
Described at 5 ' 5 " and stocky , he then casually walked a short distance away , tossed the weapon into a trash bin and sat down .
According to Lt. Bill Kato of the Honolulu Police Department , the suspect was calmly smoking a cigarette when officers arrived on the scene .
They took Fauatea into custody at 1:51 p.m .
He is being held at the Kapolei Police station on a charge of second - degree murder .
No word yet on a motive .
He served a six day jail sentence in November 2008 for harassment .
Following calls from the crew of The Pirate Bay earlier this week , it has been confirmed that the audio of the upcoming trial will be streamed live on the Internet .
Swedish public broadcaster SVT will be in charge of the operation , set to begin next Monday .
Earlier this week , Peter Sunde aka Brokep of The Pirate Bay called for a live webcast of their upcoming trial to be available to the masses .
“ We want to show how it works , ” he said .
“ Cards on the table , everything should be transparent ! ”
Just a couple of days later , Peter ’s wish has been fulfilled .
According to Erik Fichtelius , head of Swedish public broadcaster SVT 24 , the trial ’s audio will be streamed by them , live on the Internet .
“ It is a major trial with exciting witnesses and expert interviews , ” he told a Swedish journalists ’ website .
SVT will broadcast live audio from the entire trial .
Additional video would ’ve been nice too , but under Swedish law this is not allowed .
However , to complement the audio , SVT will have a reporter in the court room adding extra information to the stream and this will be complemented by additional images uploaded to the site .
There will be plenty more coverage though .
Jamie King , director of the ‘ Steal This Film ‘ documentaries told Torrent Freak that his crew will also be present .
They are not sure if they are allowed to film in court , but there are planning to interview people entering and leaving the court room .
All this material will of course be available on BitTorrent soon after .
The trial will be webcast live from SVT Direkt , starting Monday 16th February .
What does the worst recession in a generation look like ?
It is both deep and broad .
Every state in the country , with the exception of a band stretching from the Dakotas down to Texas , is now shedding jobs at a rapid pace .
And even that band has recently begun to suffer , because of the sharp fall in both oil and crop prices .
Unlike the last two recessions — earlier this decade and in the early 1990s — this one is causing much more job loss among the less educated than among college graduates .
Those earlier recessions introduced the country to the concept of mass white - collar layoffs .
The brunt of the layoffs in this recession is falling on construction workers , hotel workers , retail workers and others without a four - year degree .
The Great Recession of 2008 ( and beyond ) is hurting men more than women .
It is hurting homeowners and investors more than renters or retirees who rely on Social Security checks .
It is hurting Latinos more than any other ethnic group .
A year ago , a greater share of Latinos held jobs than whites .
Today , the two have switched places .
If the Great Recession , as some have called it , has a capital city , it is El Centro , Calif. , due east of San Diego , in the desert of California ’s Inland Valley .
El Centro has the highest unemployment rate in the nation , a depressionlike 22.6 percent .
Similar to " futures " in C++ ( with support for cotinuations ) .
This differs from IVars in that the value is from an action in a spawned thread , and exceptions are caught and returned .
Hilarious Ukrainian version of “ Hot&Cold ”
The Ukrainian bend Los Colorados , presented their version of the Katy Perry big hit “ Hot &Cold ” on television ‘ TV Smile ’ .
Recording was soon placed on YouTube and became very popular .
Enjoy and share 🙂
The former director of this observatory will be in California on February 19 .
Sponsored by the Commonwealth Club of California in association with the Yale Club of Silicon Valley and NASA 's Ames Research Center .
Refreshments will be served prior to the beginning of the lecture .
WHERE : NASA 's Ames Research Center , Building 3 ballroom
WHEN : Feb.19 , 2009
- 6:30 p.m. PST : Participant check -in
- 7 p.m. PST : the lecture starts
WHO : Lynn Rothschild , astrobiologist at NASA 's Ames Research Center , and George Coyne , director emeritus of the Vatican Observatory will discuss the possibility of other habitable planets in the universe and Ames Center Director , S. Pete Worden , will moderate .
Admission is $ 10 for Commonwealth Club members and $ 15 for non-members .
Tickets can be purchased in advance by contacting Georgette Gehue of the Commonwealth Club at ggehue@commonwealthclub.org or 408-280-5842 or by visiting :
http://tickets.commonwealthclub.org/auto_choose_ga.asp?area=62
NASA 's Ames Center sent out a press release on the event yesterday .
Apparently there will be a discussion on February 19 between Lynn Rothschild and George Coyne on whether Earth is the only habitable planet in the universe .
That second name might ring a bell for those interested in the relationship between science and religion , because he's the director emeritus of the Vatican Observatory , and had a long talk with prominent atheist Richard Dawkins on the relationship between religion and science :
This is only the first video of seven .
The two naturally disagree on questions regarding the existence of God and so on , but they clearly both respect the other 's work in their respective fields and they also do agree that religion and science should be kept apart ( i.e. you do n't use the Bible to help you with your lab work or a calculation ) so IMO show what the ideal relationship between science and religion should be .
Back to the press release - this is a discussion about whether Earth is the only habitable planet in the universe , which is a bit of an odd title ; of course there are other habitable planets in the universe , it 's just a question of whether they are inhabited or not .
And even the question of whether there are inhabited planets or not is really just a question of when we discover them , not whether they exist .
Consider for example the upcoming Kepler Mission , which will be searching for Earth - like planets orbiting other stars , making it the most exciting mission this decade .
Kepler will observe over 100,000 stars over its 3.5 - year mission .
Sounds like a lot , but here 's what this will amount to compared to our own Milky Way galaxy :
That small yellow ray is the area that Kepler will be able to search , a tiny fraction of the entire galaxy .
And once we have observed the entire Milky Way there are still some 200 billion or so other galaxies to search through , each with some 400 billion stars in each one .
Also note that life does n't necessarily have to exist in a planet orbiting a star but could also exist in a moon orbiting a much larger planet , and in addition to that there are likely a large number of rogue planets in between solar systems that could also have life .
It 's generally accepted that in science one should never draw conclusions before finding conclusive evidence , but in a situation where we have a few hundred billion galaxies each with a few hundred billion stars , the assumption we should be working on is that there is life elsewhere and that we still just have n't discovered it .
Though there 's always the possibility that life just never happened to take anywhere else besides where we live , there 's also the undeniable fact that there really is nothing special at all about our Solar System compared to others .
That 's probably the type of discussion that will come up on February 19th so if you live in the area be sure to check it out , and if you have a blog to write about the discussion afterwards even better .
Price is a mere $ 15 :
LAS VEGAS / LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Desert golf course superintendent Bill Rohret is doing something that 20 years ago would have seemed unthinkable -- ripping up bright , green turf by the acre and replacing it with rocks .
Bill Rohret , golf course superintendent for Angel Park in Las Vegas , Nevada , resets a sign that states the water pond feature is made from recycled water February 10 , 2009 .
REUTERS / David Becker
Back then “ they came in with bulldozers and dynamite , and they took the desert and turned it into a green oasis , ” Rohret said , surveying a rock - lined fairway within sight of the Las Vegas strip .
“ Now ... it ’s just the reverse . ”
The Angel Park Golf Club has torn out 65 acres of off - course grass in the last five years , and 15 more will be removed by 2011 , to help conserve local supplies of one of the most precious commodities in the parched American West -- fresh water .
But Rohret ’s efforts have their limits .
His and many other golf courses still pride themselves on their pristine greens and fairways and sparkling fountains , requiring huge daily expenditures of water .
Aiming to cut per capita use by about a third in the face of withering drought expected to worsen with global warming , water authorities in the United States ’ driest major city are paying customers $ 1.50 per square foot to replace grass lawns with desert landscaping .
Built in the Mojave Desert , Las Vegas leads Western U.S. cities scrambling to slash water consumption , increase recycling and squeeze more from underground aquifers as long - reliable surface water sources dry up .
From handing out fines for leaky sprinklers to charging homeowners high rates for high use , water officials in the U.S.
West are chasing down squandered water one gallon at a time .
Nowhere is the sense of crisis more visible than on the outskirts of Las Vegas at Lake Mead , the nation ’s largest manmade reservoir , fed by the once - mighty Colorado River .
A principal source of water for Nevada and Southern California , the lake has dipped to below half its capacity , leaving an ominous , white “ bathtub ring ” that grows thicker each year .
“ We are in the eye of the storm , ” said Pat Mulroy , general manager of the Southern Nevada Water Authority .
“ As the realities of climate change began to manifest themselves at the beginning of this century , we had to get serious about it . ”
For now , policymakers have emphasized the need to curb water use rather than urban growth , though the U.S. recession has put the brakes on commercial and housing development that otherwise would be at odds with the West ’s water scarcity .
GETTING TOUGH
Warm , dry weather has long made the American West attractive to visitors , but piped - in water has created artificial oases , luring millions to settle in the region .
Las Vegas has ranked as one of the fastest - growing major cities .
But scientists say climate change is shriveling the snow pack in California ’s Sierra Nevada , the state ’s main source of fresh surface water , and in the Rocky Mountains that feed the Colorado River , whose waters sustain seven states .
Further pressure from farming and urban sprawl is straining underground aquifers , placing a question mark over the future growth of cities from Los Angeles to Tucson , Arizona .
“ There is going to have to be a big adjustment in the American Southwest and in California as we come to grips with limits in this century -- not just limited water , but also limited water supply , ” said James Powell , author of the book “ Dead Pool , ” exploring challenges facing planners in the West .
Reactions among local water authorities differ .
In Phoenix , the United States ’ fifth - largest city , authorities say sustainable groundwater and ample surface water allocations from the Colorado and Salt rivers meet the city ’s needs , even factoring in growth through a moderate drought .
The city is also recycling waste water and plans to pump some back into the aquifer as a cushion .
Tucson will require new businesses to start collecting rainwater for irrigation in 2010 .
California requires developers of large housing projects to prove they have sufficient water .
In Las Vegas , where rain is so infrequent that some residents can remember the days it fell in a given year , front - yard turf has been banned for new homes .
The Southern Nevada Water Authority also has hired “ water cops ” to fan out into the suburbs to identify violations of mandatory lawn irrigation schedules and wasteful run-off .
Repeat offenders get $ 80 fines .
Major hotel - casinos such as the MGM Mirage and Harrah ’s Entertainment have adopted “ green ” building codes , including modifications designed to slash water use by 40 percent .
Those measures are starting to pay off , with daily water use down 15 percent per person in the greater Las Vegas area .
BUYING TIME
In a wake - up call to California , water officials there recently announced that prolonged drought was forcing them to cut Sierra - fed supplies pumped to cities and irrigation districts by 85 percent .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
That has led many California cities , topped by Los Angeles , the nation ’s second - largest , to plan for rationing , including price - enforced household conservation and tough new lawn watering restrictions .
“ The level of severity of this drought is something we have n’t seen since the early 1970s , ” Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said in unveiling his city ’s drought plan , which also would put more water cops on the beat .
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger last month called on the state ’s urban users to cut water consumption 20 percent or face mandatory conservation measures .
The California drought , now in its third year , is the state ’s costliest ever .
Complicating matters are sharp restrictions on how much water can be pumped from the Sacramento - San Joaquin Delta in northern California , which furnishes much of the state ’s irrigation and drinking supplies , to protect endangered fish species .
Moreover , the severe dry spell is leaving the state more vulnerable to wildfires , which last year consumed some several Los Angeles suburbs .
The previous year , fires forced a record 500,000 Southern Californians to flee their homes .
PLANNING FOR THE WORST
Conservation will buy time , experts say .
But bolder steps are needed in anticipation of longer droughts and renewed urban expansion once the recession ends .
Cities like Los Angeles and San Diego are revisiting an idea once abandoned in the face of staunch political opposition -- recycling purified sewer water for drinking supplies .
Disparaged by critics as “ toilet - to - tap , ” such recycling plans have gained new currency from the success of the year - old Groundwater Replenishing System in Orange County near Los Angeles .
That system distills wastewater through advanced treatment and pumps it into the ground to recharge the area ’s aquifer , providing drinking supplies for 500,000 people , including residents of Anaheim , home of Disneyland .
Water specialists also see a need to capture more rainfall runoff that otherwise flows out to sea and to change the operation of dams originally built for flood control to maximize their storage capacity .
The situation in Las Vegas has grown so dire that water authorities plan to build a $ 3 billion pipeline to tap aquifers lying beneath a remote part of Nevada , a project critics call the greatest urban water grab in decades .
Southern Nevada water czar Mulroy says a broader national conversation about water is needed -- but not happening .
“ We are talking about investing in public infrastructure , we are looking at building projects , but I get frustrated because we are doing it in complete denial of the climate change conditions that we are facing , ” she said .
“ We are not looking at where the oceans are rising , where the floods are going to occur , where things are going to go from that normal state to something extraordinary . ”
By Andrew Liszewski
If you ’ve ever wondered how long it takes the postal service to deliver something as simple as a postcard , then you ’ll appreciate this concept .
Created by the DAG - designlab , the Stopper postcard comes with an actual digital timer with an LCD display in the upper corner that will keep track of how long it ’s been from when the postcard was sent , to when it arrives at its destination .
Really nothing more than a curiosity killer , but clever nonetheless .
Thanks Meg !
[ DAG - designlab ] VIA [ designboom ]
NASA retiree makes an electric car out of rusted VW NASA retiree makes his own electric car out of rusted VW Beetle
NO GAS NEEDED : John Hendrickson stands by his converted VW Beetle , which runs on electricity .
NO GAS NEEDED : John Hendrickson stands by his converted VW Beetle , which runs on electricity .
Photo : Diana North , For The Chronicle Photo : Diana North , For The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close NASA retiree makes an electric car out of rusted VW 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Manvel resident John Hendrickson remembers racing Volkswagen Beetles in his younger days .
Those days are long gone , but he still drives a VW , and this one is different that all those others .
That ’s because he never has to fill it with gas .
It was while filling his Cadillac at a gas station in 2007 that Hendrickson first thought about building an electric car .
“ I thought gas stations were ripping us off , so I decided to just go build my own electric car , ” Hendrickson said .
He asked a neighbor if he knew of any VWs for sale .
That ’s how he learned of another neighbor ’s rusted 1972 Beetle that had n’t been used in over five years .
Hendrickson bought it and parked it in his garage .
“ It was n’t much to look at , ” he said .
“ It was full of snakes and fire ants .
We had to cut small trees that were growing up through it , and drag it out of the woods . ”
The car had no fenders or wiring and the body needed a complete overhaul .
Hendrickson had never undertaken such a project before , but the 74 - year - old retired electronics engineer , Air Force veteran and former Air National Guard member was no stranger to learning new skills .
After retiring in 1992 from a 29 - year career with NASA , he took up engine building as a hobby by reading books and doing research on the Internet .
He built five working engines that took from one to several years to complete .
Two are displayed in his home , one in a nearby shed and two others in his garage .
Using the Internet and more books , Hendrickson worked daily on his project .
After a disappointing experience with his first gel batteries , he found Houston battery distributor Randy Risner , who was willing to help .
As a result , the car got all 12 of the new gel cell batteries it needed for free .
Each battery costs about $ 300 plus tax .
“ Randy is now a personal friend of mine , ” Hendrickson said .
The car sports an Interstate Battery green - and - white paint job and matching advertisement decals .
The paint job and bodywork were donated by local businesses .
Hendrickson said he ’s grateful for the generosity .
He completed the car last October .
The car is very economical , getting about 50 miles per charge and two to three days between charges .
Hendrickson says it costs about a penny a mile to drive .
“ The neighbors have all had rides in it .
They think it ’s great , ” he said .
He can go as fast as 55 miles per hour if he eases into it .
But , he usually just uses it for getting around Manvel .
In November , he entered it in a Pearland auto show where it took first place in its class .
A second show in Alvin garnered another first place .
The last show , a Toys - for - Tots benefit in Pasadena , won Hendrickson not only another first in its class , but a best of show trophy and a $ 100 cash prize .
Not satisfied to own a prize - winning vehicle , Hendrickson is currently working on what he affectionately calls a “ homebrewed air conditioning system ” for it .
He has already insulated the car ’s interior and tinted the windows .
In his effort to promote electric cars , he became a member of the Houston Electric Automobile Association , where he met another Manvel electric car enthusiast .
Together , they are planning to build a hybrid car out of a 1992 Isuzu Amigo .
“ That car will have an electric motor , batteries , a gasoline system and a generator to run it all , ” Hendrickson said .
At a time when America has elected its first black president , more African - American men are losing jobs than at any time since World War II .
No group has been hit harder by the downturn .
Employment among black men has fallen 7.8 percent since November of 2007 , according to a report by the Center for Labor Market Studies at Northeastern University in Boston .
The trend is intimately tied to education , the report ’s authors say .
Black women – who are twice as likely as black men to go to college – have faced no net job losses .
By contrast , black men are disproportionately employed in those blue - collar jobs that have been most highly affected – think third shifts at rural manufacturing plants .
It threatens to add to the difficulties of vulnerable families in a community already beset by high incarceration rates and low graduation numbers .
Moreover , it puts renewed focus on the cultural and economic stereotypes of black women and men – mythologies and realities about the black family that remain challenging for the country , and Washington , to address .
In terms of job - loss rate for African - American men , “ nothing comes close to this , ” says Andrew Sum , director of the Center for Labor Market Studies and an author of the report , noting that the job - loss rate for African - American men during the Great Depression is unknown .
Federal data indicate all demographic groups have been affected .
The number of men looking for full - time work has nearly doubled in the last year , regardless of race or ethnicity , according to Bureau of Labor Statistics figures .
But the Northeastern study concludes that during the past 15 months , “ the relative decline in black male employment was considerably higher than that of their male counterparts in the other three race - ethnic groups ” – Asians , Hispanics , and whites .
The job - loss figures come at a time when many lower - income black homeowners are already at risk of foreclosure .
“ They have zero opportunity to refinance or borrow in any way to get over the rough patch of unemployment , ” writes Tom Hertz , a labor economist , in an e-mail .
The employment rate among African - American men aged 20 to 24 is now just 51 percent , as opposed to 68 percent during the late 1990s .
For African - American teens , it ’s just 14 percent .
“ A lot of family heads are being affected and a lot of the young guys , ” says Professor Sum of Northeastern .
“ When you get a job loss of that magnitude it ’s just totally destructive [ to ] communities . ”
Unemployed black men like Anthony Gilmore are n’t surprised by the findings .
Laid off five months ago from a call center , Mr. Gilmore recently interviewed for a job detailing cars .
A Hispanic man got the job .
The perception among many black men like Gilmore is that the economy has merely laid bare the historic prejudices that still exist .
“ There ’s still very much a system that really is designed to keep people at a disadvantage , ” he said while waiting Friday outside an Atlanta unemployment office .
Yet black men can be bound as much by deeper labor trends as cultural stereotypes , says Peter Rachleff , a labor historian at Macalester College in St. Paul , Minn .
Especially in the South , black men often pay a price for demanding workplace rights gained in the Civil Rights movement – demands for days off and being able to say no to overtime , for example .
Hispanic workers , particularly , are n’t as likely to claim those rights , making them easier hires , says Professor Rachleff .
“ You can call it a class thing , but I do n’t think that ’s what it is , ” says Douglas Besharov , a public policy professor at the University of Maryland in College Park .
“ Some of it is long - term discrimination and lack of access to education , but much more in this recession it ’s determined by which sector that ’s suffering the most . ”
From November of 2007 , the month before the official start of the recession , to February of 2009 , “ there was no net job loss among professionals or managers , ” says Sum .
Contradicting media reports that job loss has been widespread in this recession , he adds : “ All the job loss has been among blue - collar jobs – construction , manufacturing , and retail . ”
These are the jobs black men have long sought , settling for high - school diplomas in order to get these relatively well paid posts , suggests Terry Getter , an unemployed accountant waiting in line at the Atlanta unemployment office .
But they are now feeling the consequences of not continuing their education .
African - American women have fared better in the downturn , says Sum .
That may be partly because of their higher levels of education .
In a departure from the trends of the past two recessions , those who have lost their jobs in this one “ overwhelmingly ... had 12 or less years of school , ” he adds .
Correspondingly , his data suggest that , as of January , about 120 African - American women were employed for every 100 African - American men .
“ The current size of the overall gap in employment between black women and black men is historically unprecedented , and black Americans are the only group for whom the gender employment gap is in favor of women , ” the report notes .
As a result , the onus for the community ’s well - being has fallen primarily on women , adding more burdens to a group that , historically , has upheld the black family , says Sheri Parks , author of the upcoming book “ Fierce Angels ” about the role of strong black women in American culture .
Part of the reason , she says , is that black communities have historically protected young men and expected more of young women , particularly when it comes to schooling .
“ If you ’re a black woman , you do n’t have to convince someone that you ’re strong and nurturing and able to do almost anything – it ’s almost a brand , ” says Ms. Parks .
“ The prevalent image of a black man is what we call hyper - masculine and often idealized , but not necessarily in the workplace . ”
This means black women also tend to enter their job hunt with a greater sense of urgency , says Tim Ready , director of the Lewis Walker Institute for the Study of Race and Ethnic Relations at Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo .
“ Women are more likely to take whatever jobs are necessary because they end up being the primary caretakers for kids , ” he says .
“ They have no choice . ”
At a time when Mr. Obama ’s election has encouraged a debate about what race means in modern America , the job - loss figures reveal enduring problems that remain unaddressed , say some .
“ When we say ‘ postracial , ’ we focus a lot on ideas , attitudes , and identity and not on outcomes : jobs , wages , and those things , ” says Steven Pitts , a policy analyst with the Center for Labor Research and Education in Berkeley , Calif .
“ It ’s important to look at the question of how we are passing out resources , jobs , education , wages , and wealth .
That ’s how you begin your analysis on postrace . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Manchester City forward Robinho has been arrested and bailed by police investigating an alleged sex assault .
The Brazilian international , 25 , met police as part of a " criminal investigation " into the alleged attack at a nightclub in Leeds .
Robinho " strenuously denied any allegation of wrongdoing " and had been released on bail , his spokesman said .
West Yorkshire Police said a man had been arrested on Tuesday in connection with an alleged incident on 14 January .
Robinho said he was " happy to co-operate with police " Robinho is in tonight 's starting line - up to face Newcastle in the Barclays Premier League .
His spokesman , Chris Nathaniel , said : " [ Robinho ] strenuously denies any allegation of wrongdoing or criminality and is happy to co-operate with the police if further required . "
Robinho , whose full name is Robson de Souza , joined Manchester City from Spanish giants Real Madrid in September for £ 32.5 m , making him Britain 's most expensive player .
He has since scored 12 goals for his new club and become a favourite of City fans .
Chelsea had been favourites to land the Brazilian before City stepped in to hijack the deal on transfer deadline day last summer .
Just days later , Robinho scored in his debut game for City against Chelsea , although the Londoners ended the match with a 3 - 1 victory .
In a statement the club said it had been " liaising with and assisting both the player in question and the authorities in relation to the West Yorkshire Police investigation " .
" Both parties have been given the full support of the football club .
No charges of any nature have been brought against the player and no further statement will be made whilst the investigation is continuing , " the statement added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Source : Reuters ANALYSIS - Italy speeds up nuclear plans but problems pile up Published : 01 Mar 2009 17:22:22 PST
MILAN , Feb 27 - Italy 's plans to relaunch nuclear energy are gathering speed but could stutter because of problems with finding sites and funding , experts said .
Italy , the only Group of Eight industrialised country without nuclear power , is seeking to diversify its energy supplies to reduce heavy dependence on fossil fuel imports .
But lifting the nuclear ban is a politically charged issue .
Italy signed a nuclear energy cooperation deal with sector leader France on Tuesday .
French power company EDF was enlisted to help Italy 's Enel build four nuclear plants in Italy .
" Italy seems to be waking up and trying to change its course and focus on building nuclear plants , " said Alessandro Clerici , honorary chairman of the World Energy Council for Italy .
The major obstacles are the absence of a long - term energy policy and grassroot public opposition , he said .
Italians voted in 1987 to shut existing nuclear plants and suspend building new ones after the 1986 Chernobyl disaster .
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's centre - right government has made nuclear energy one of its priorities for energy security and to fight climate change .
However , the plans may be stymied by local authorities who have a final say in approving big industrial projects .
SEND HIM HOME
" No politician in Italy has the power on the local level to say ' We will build a nuclear plant here ' .
It would mean people who elected him would send him home the next day , " said Davide Tabarelli , chairman of the Nomisma Energia think - tank .
Worries about global warming and Europe 's dependence on Russia and other resource - rich nations for energy supplies have spurred Sweden to rethink its public vote to phase out nuclear power .
Germany may follow its path .
Economic Development Minister Claudio Scajola said this week he expected parliament to approve a law paving the way for the nuclear energy revival in April .
Scajola , who wants
Italy to generate 25 percent of its power from nuclear plants , has said he expects a group of nuclear plants to be on stream in 2020 .
Italian public opinion has been hostile to nuclear energy , seen as dangerous and costly .
Public protests in 2003 forced Rome to scrap plans to store nuclear waste in southern Italy .
The government may try to overrule local opposition through a decree giving Rome power to make final decisions on strategic industrial projects , experts said .
But even then it would be difficult to find technically suitable sites in densely populated Italy .
" Statements that Italy will have nuclear plants operating in 2020 are just political declarations , " said Roberto Longo , chairman of Italian renewable energy association APER .
HEY , BIG SPENDER
The government wants private investors to bankroll the nuclear revival which may cost between $ 3 billion and $ 6 billion per 1,000 - megawatt plant , some industry estimates say .
But the economic downturn has made access to funds difficult .
" It can be done using the Finnish consortium model involving developers alongside heavy industrial users who will underwrite offload contracts for baseload energy , " said Lorenzo Parola , head of energy and utilities at international law firm Allen & Overy in Milan .
But he added that for the project to be bankable the state needed to take on risks such as siting , waste disposal , accidents and decommissioning .
He also pointed to potentially big antitrust risks .
Private investors would also need guarantees that projects would not be scrapped when an opposition government took power .
Enel , Europe 's second - biggest utility in installed capacity and which has nuclear capacity abroad , could face problems given its high debt , now at about 61 billion euros .
" Italy needs to build eight to 10 reactors to reach the 25 percent target and Enel would have to build about a quarter of them which means capital spending of around 8 billion euros , " one London - based analyst said .
Other candidates to build nuclear power plants in Italy could include Germany 's E.ON and Switzerland 's EGL and Alpiq , as well as such national players as Edison , A2A and CIR unit Sorgenia .
Utility federation Federutility has also said it is ready to organise a consortium of municipal utilities interested in developing nuclear capacity .
Most of the potential candidates have said they would be interested only if there was clear regulatory and legislative framework in place -- something which could take years to materialise .
Cross Posted from Climate Audit
by Ryan N. Maue , Florida State University COAPS
Figure : Global 24 - month running sum time - series of Accumulated Cyclone Energy updated through March 12 , 2009 .
Very important : global hurricane activity includes the 80 - 90 tropical cyclones that develop around the world during a given calendar year , including the 12 - 15 that occur in the North Atlantic ( Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean included ) .
The heightened activity in the North Atlantic since 1995 is included in the data used to create this figure .
As previously reported here and here at Climate Audit , and chronicled at my Florida State Global Hurricane Update page , both Northern Hemisphere and overall Global hurricane activity has continued to sink to levels not seen since the 1970s .
Even more astounding , when the Southern Hemisphere hurricane data is analyzed to create a global value , we see that Global Hurricane Energy has sunk to 30 - year lows , at the least .
Since hurricane intensity and detection data is problematic as one goes back in time , when reporting and observing practices were different than today , it is possible that we underestimated global hurricane energy during the 1970s .
See notes at bottom to avoid terminology discombobulation .
Using a well - accepted metric called the Accumulated Cyclone Energy index or ACE for short ( Bell and Chelliah 2006 ) , which has been used by Klotzbach ( 2006 ) and Emanuel ( 2005 ) ( PDI is analogous to ACE ) , and most recently by myself in Maue ( 2009 ) , simple analysis shows that 24 - month running sums of global ACE or hurricane energy have plummeted to levels not seen in 30 years .
Why use 24 - month running sums instead of simply yearly values ?
Since a primary driver of the Earth ’s climate from year to year is the El Nino Southern Oscillation ( ENSO ) acts on time scales on the order of 2 - 7 years , and the fact that the bulk of the Southern Hemisphere hurricane season occurs from October – March , a reasonable interpretation of global hurricane activity requires a better metric than simply calendar year totals .
The 24 - month running sums is analogous to the idea of “ what have you done for me lately ” .
During the past 6 months , extending back to October of 2008 when the Southern Hemisphere tropical season was gearing up , global ACE had crashed due to two consecutive years of well - below average Northern Hemisphere hurricane activity .
To avoid confusion , I am not specifically addressing the North Atlantic , which was above normal in 2008 ( in terms of ACE ) , but the hemisphere ( and or globe ) as a whole .
The North Atlantic only represents a 1/10 to 1/8 of global hurricane energy output on average but deservedly so demands disproportionate media attention due to the devastating societal impacts of recent major hurricane landfalls .
Why the record low ACE ?
During the past 2 years + , the Earth ’s climate has cooled under the effects of a dramatic La Nina episode .
The Pacific Ocean basin typically sees much weaker hurricanes that indeed have shorter lifecycles and therefore — less ACE .
Conversely , due to well - researched upper - atmospheric flow ( e.g. vertical shear ) configurations favorable to Atlantic hurricane development and intensification , La Nina falls tend to favor very active seasons in the Atlantic ( word of warning for 2009 ) .
This offsetting relationship , high in the Atlantic and low in the Pacific , is a topic of discussion in my GRL paper , which will be a separate topic in a future posting .
Thus , the Western North Pacific ( typhoons ) tropical activity was well below normal in 2007 and 2008 ( see table ) .
Same for the Eastern North Pacific .
The Southern Hemisphere , which includes the southern Indian Ocean from the coast of Mozambique across Madagascar to the coast of Australia , into the South Pacific and Coral Sea , saw below normal activity as well in 2008 .
Through March 12 , 2009 , the Southern Hemisphere ACE is about half of what ’s expected in a normal year , with a multitude of very weak , short - lived hurricanes .
All of these numbers tell a very simple story : just as there are active periods of hurricane activity around the globe , there are inactive periods , and we are currently experiencing one of the most impressive inactive periods , now for almost 3 years .
Bottom Line
Under global warming scenarios , hurricane intensity is expected to increase ( on the order of a few percent ) , but MANY questions remain as to how much , where , and when .
This science is very far from settled .
Indeed , Al Gore has dropped the related slide in his PowerPoint ( btw , is he addicted to the Teleprompter as well ? )
Many papers have suggested that these changes are already occurring especially in the strongest of hurricanes , e.g. this and that and here , due to warming sea-surface temperatures ( the methodology and data issues with each of these papers has been discussed here at CA , and will be even more in the coming months ) .
The notion that the overall global hurricane energy or ACE has collapsed does not contradict the above papers but provides an additional , perhaps less publicized piece of the puzzle .
Indeed , the very strong interannual variability of global hurricane ACE ( energy ) highly correlated to ENSO , suggests that the role of tropical cyclones in climate is modulated very strongly by the big movers and shakers in large - scale , global climate .
The perceptible ( and perhaps measurable ) impact of global warming on hurricanes in today ’s climate is arguably a pittance compared to the reorganization and modulation of hurricane formation locations and preferred tracks / intensification corridors dominated by ENSO ( and other natural climate factors ) .
Moreover , our understanding of the complicated role of hurricanes with and role in climate is nebulous to be charitable .
We must increase our understanding of the current climate ’s hurricane activity .
Background :
During the summer and fall of 2007 , as the Atlantic hurricane season failed to live up to the hyperbolic prognostications of the seasonal hurricane forecasters , I noticed that the rest of the Northern Hemisphere hurricane basins , which include the Western / Central / Eastern Pacific and Northern Indian Oceans , was on pace to produce the lowest Accumulated Cyclone Energy or ACE since 1977 .
ACE is the convolution or combination of a storm ’s intensity and longevity .
Put simply , a long - lived very powerful Category 3 hurricane may have more than 100 times the ACE of a weaker tropical storm that lasts for less than a day .
Over a season or calendar year , all individual storm ACE is added up to produce the overall seasonal or yearly ACE .
Detailed tables of previous monthly and yearly ACE are on my Florida State website .
Previous Basin Activity : Hurricane ACE
BASIN 2005 ACE 2006 ACE 2007 ACE 2008 ACE 1982-2008 AVERAGE Northern Hemisphere 655 576 383 408 557 North Atlantic 243 83 72 142 104 Western Pacific 301 274 212 167 280 Eastern Pacific 97 204 55 83 156 Southern Hemisphere * 285 182 191 164 229
* Southern Hemisphere peak TC activity occurs between October and April .
Thus , 2008 values represent the period October 2007 – April 2008 .
The table does not include the Northern Indian Ocean , which can be deduced as the portion of the Northern Hemisphere total not included in the three major basins .
Nevertheless , 2007 saw the lowest ACE since 1977 .
2008 continued the dramatic downturn in hurricane energy or ACE .
The following stacked bar chart demonstrates the highly variable , from year - to - year behavior of Northern Hemisphere ( NH ) ACE .
The smaller inset line graph plots the raw data and trend ( or lack thereof ) .
Thus , during the past 60 years , with the data at hand , Northern Hemisphere ACE undergoes significant interannual variability but exhibits no significant statistical trend .
So what to expect in 2009 ?
Well , the last Northern Hemisphere storm was Typhoon Dolphin in middle December of 2008 , and no ACE has been recorded so far .
The Southern Hemisphere is below normal by just about any definition of storm activity ( unless you have access to the Elias sports bureau statistic creativity department ) , and the season is quickly running out .
With La Nina - like conditions in the Pacific , a persistence forecast of below average global cyclone activity seems like a very good bet .
Now if only the Dow Jones index did n’t correlate so well with the Global ACE lately …
Notes :
Hurricane is the term for Tropical Cyclone specific to the North Atlantic , Gulf of Mexico , Caribbean Sea , and the Pacific Ocean from Hawaii eastward to the Mexican coast .
Other names around the world include Typhoon , Cyclone , and Willy - Willy ( Oz ) but hurricane is used generically to avoid confusion .
Accumulated Cyclone Energy or ACE :
is easily calculated from best - track hurricane datasets , with the one - minute maximum sustained wind squared and summed during the tropical lifecycle of a tropical storm or hurricane .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The last time we saw would could have been a cycle 24 sunspot , was on January 20th , 2009 , but it was an oddball , and not clearly part of cycle 23 or 24 .
Spaceweather.com wrote that day :
A new sunspot [ 1011 ] is emerging inside the circle region–and it is a strange one .
The low latitude of the spot suggests it is a member of old Solar Cycle 23 , yet the magnetic polarity of the spot is ambiguous , identifying it with neither old Solar Cycle 23 nor new Solar Cycle 24 .
Stay tuned for updates as the sunspot grows .
The last time we had a true cycle 24 spot was on January 10th thru the 13th , with sunspot 1010 , which had both the correct polarity and a high latitude characteristic of a cycle 24 spot .
But since then no other cycle 24 spots have emerged .
It has been slow going for cycle 24 .
We did have a single cycle 23 spot in February as you can see from the SWPC sunspots data , but it has been dead quiet on all other solar activity indices :
: Product : Daily Solar Data DSD.txt : Issued : 0225 UT 22 Feb 2009 # # Prepared by the U.S. Dept. of Commerce , NOAA , Space Weather Prediction Center # Please send comments and suggestions to SWPC.
Webmaster@noaa.gov # # Last 30 Days Daily Solar Data # # Sunspot Stanford GOES10 # Radio SESC Area Solar X - Ray ------ Flares ------ # Flux Sunspot 10E - 6 New Mean Bkgd X - Ray Optical # Date 10.7 cm Number Hemis .
Regions Field Flux C M X S 1 2 3 #---------------------------------------------------------------------------
2009 01 23 70 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 01 24 69 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 01 25 70 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 01 26 70 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 01 27 70 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 01 28 70 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 01 29 69 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 01 30 69 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 01 31 69 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 01 70 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 02 69 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 03 69 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 04 70 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 05 70 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 06 70 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 07 71 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 08 71 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 09 71 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 10 68 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 11 70 11 10 1 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 12 70 11 10 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 13 70 11 10 0 - 999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 14 70 0 0 0 - 999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 15 70 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 16 70 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 17 71 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 18 70 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 19 69 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 20 69 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 02 21 71 0 0 0 -999 A0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The first computer I ever bought was a commodore 128 ( I actually received it as a gift for my 16th birthday )
This baby had 128K ( not MB ) of RAM , 4 sound channels and 16 colors
With the C128 you had a C64 built in and you could run CP / M ( it came with a floppy )
I almost always booted up C64 , this gave you 39 KB free memory to use , the speed was 1MHZ , the C128 could run at 2MHZ but then the screen would go dark before you switched back to 1MHZ .
The C128 came with BASIC built in , I had a taperecorder so that I could store and retrieve programs games .
This was such a nuisance , if your friend gave you a game and the heads on his recorder were aligned different you could not load the game , you would have to use a screwdriver to fix the azimuth .
It would take up to 30 minutes to load a game if you did n’t have a turbo .
I still remember the great games from that time , here are some of my favorites
**1942
yie - ar kung fu
kung fu master
Zaxxon
Ghost N Goblins
The best part about the games is that you could change the value in an address space after you loaded a game but before typing run
You would use POKE for that , examples :
POKE 43719,234 POKE 43720,234 POKE 43721,234 Invincibility
POKE 44731,76 POKE 44732,253 POKE 44733,174
All doors unlocked
POKE 34202,200 SYS 2060 Unlimited lives
Here is a list of common pokes : http://ready64.org/articoli/_files/043_pokesc64.txt
Programming on the commodore was primarily done in BASIC or assembler ( built in ) but you could also buy a C compiler , Oxford Pascal or many other languages .
Here is an example of basic
10 PRINT " THIS IS THE MAIN PROGRAM " , 20 GOSUB 1000 30 PRINT " AND AGAIN " ; 40 GOSUB 1000 50 PRINT " AND THAT IS ALL . "
60 STOP 1000 REM SUBROUTINE STARTS HERE 1010 PRINT " THIS IS THE SUBROUTINE , " 1020 RETURN
Here is some assembler language
LDA $ 5000 ASL CLC ADC $ 5000 STA $ 5000 BRK
Now I will tag a bunch of people , I want to know what your first computer was and the top 3 of your favorite games
Brent Ozar @brento
Denny Cherry @mrdenny
Michelle Ufford @sqlfool
SQLBatman @sqlbatman
Jeremiah Peschka @peschkaj
Jason Massie @statisticsio
Mladen Prajdic @ MladenPrajdic
For all the ones I did not tag , feel free to leave a comment
Seer Systems , Inc. and Stanley Jungleib have issued a written litigation threat to EFF over statements made as part of EFF 's Patent Busting Project .
EFF responded today , noting that its discussions of Seer and Jungleib were protected by the First Amendment .
Both letters are attached below .
The letter arrived in the wake of the Patent and Trademark Office granting EFF 's Request for Ex Parte Reexamination a Seer Systems patent on December 31 , 2008 .
EFF had filed for a reexamination of Seer Systems ' Patent No. 5,886,274 in October 2008 , and the PTO found that the reexamination request raised " a substantial new question of patentability . "
We 'll let you know what happens next .
Hmmm .
Do I want my shower rainfall style or waterfall style ?
I certainly hope this Aquavolo showerhead from Bossini is sturdy — because I would be flipping back and forth like an idiot .
[ Bossini via Trendir ]
Advertisement
M@
Google Street View London : The Odd Bits
Looks like nobody got any work done yesterday .
The new UK Street View implementation from Google is the most alluring diversion since Lady Godiva invented Tetris .
As well as checking out your home and place of work , Street View is also the perfect waste of time for those of us who enjoy random wanders around town .
The digital flaneur can now roam the streets of London from his or her armchair .
And in a place like London , you 're bound to find a few unsavoury situations captured on film .
Click through the gallery , to find the good , the bad and the ugly of Google Street View .
Thanks to everyone posting to the Twitter # streetview tag for leads .
Who are Kassu Casino
Kassu Casino Welcome Bonus
1st deposit bonus - 100 % up to $ 300 and 300 Free Spins
- 100 % up to $ 300 and 300 Free Spins 2nd deposit bonus - 50 % up to $ 400
- 50 % up to $ 400 3rd deposit bonus - 25 % up to $ 400
- 25 % up to $ 400 4th deposit bonus - 25 % up to $ 400
Terms and Conditions
Licensing and Legals of Kassu Casino
Conclusion
Kassu Casino is a brand new online casino that offers Canadians a massive C$ 1500 plus 300 welcome bonus .
It is a tremendous bonus and one that from first reading is very tempting for any casino player .
According to a Kassu Casino review from CasinosVerified.com , the casino is safe to play at for Canadians but there are a few terms and conditions that players should be aware of .
Kassu Casino are part of the Genesis group of online casinos which include sites like Genesis Casino , Sloty Casino and Casino Cruise .
This means that Kassu may be a new online casino but that they are backed by a team of experienced casino operators that are well known to the Canadian gambling market and are able to deliver an exceptional gambling experience .
The Kassu Casino welcome bonus is delivered across a new customers first 4 successful deposits at the casino .
Upon a successful deposit a player will automatically be credited with a deposit match bonus as well as receiving a number of free spins on a predetermined slot machine .
The breakdown of the Kassu Online Casino welcome bonus is as follows :
The first deposit match is the most appealing part of the welcome bonus and we recommend players take advantage of this by pushing for a larger initial deposit to take advantage of the favorable terms .
The key terms to keep in mind when looking to take advantage of the Kassu Casino welcome bonus are that the bonus can only be claimed once .
This means that you cannot create a second account and avail yourself of this impressive bonus .
It is however available to player that have played at any of the other Genesis casino brands .
For players that have an account with one of the other casinos , this is an ideal opportunity to get the same great service and games but claim a massive bonus .
There are also some key wagering requirements attached to bonus money and free spins that are offered by Kassu casino .
These terms are not unique to Kassu and will be found at all online casinos .
Kassu implement 40 x wagering requirements to all bonuses .
For those people that are not aware of what wagering requirements are , they are a limitation applied to the withdrawal ability on a players casino account when they receive bonuses from an online casino .
So if a player receives a $ 300 free in a purchase match bonus , they will be required to eager that $ 300 , 40 times before being allowed to withdraw it .
This is not an impossible task but does stop players from just claiming the bonus money and not playing at the casino .
Kassu Casino is licensed in the UK and Malta making it one of the most secure online casinos that Canadian players can play at .
The fact that it is not based in Canada means that it is not illegal for it to service Canadian players .
Malta and the UK are both excellent licenses for an online casino to hold .
This is due to the amount of player protection mechanisms that both gambling authorities require a casino to implement before issuing them with a remote gambling license .
You can see both licenses on the appropriate websites : Kassu Casino is an exciting entrant into the Canadian Online Casino space and we look forward to seeing if it reaches the same heights as the 3 biggest casinos in Canada over the next few years .
Please remember to gamble responsibly and only play with what you can afford to lose .
Taiwan University Offers X Rated Courses
Appreciating and analyzing pornographic movies hardly seems like fodder for a university course , and yet Taiwan ’s Mass Communication Department of Providence University is the first institute of higher learning to initiate just such a course .
In order to sign up for this course , students sign a paper agreeing that if the scenes are too explicit , they can opt to leave the classroom .
The teacher , assistant professor Miss Chen Mingmei , said no students have ever left her class , but some would briefly cover their eyes during the stronger scenes .
A 15 - minute presentation in which each student analyzes an audience ’s psychological reaction to a porn clip from an academic perspective , is required in order to achieve a passing grade .
“ If I get a very good score in this course , I do n’t know how I ’ll explain it to my parents . ” said one worried student who wished to remain anonymous .
The course attracted more than 50 students , and most confessed that they had watched porn videos before .
They listed curiosity as the main incentive for wanting to take the course and most admitted that their parents were unaware of their choice of course material .
â€ œI am really worried my parents will see the score report when it is mailed home .
I wo n’t know what to say if I get a high score .
However if I fail the course , I can speak to my parents and suggest that maybe I should watch more porn , â€ said another student
Behind those ivy walls , â€œxâ€ really does mark the spot !
( Link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
With St. Patrick ’s Day fast approaching in Washington , Irish - American politicians , lobbyists and even local Irish pub owners are urging Obama to publicly embrace his Irish lineage .
Obama 's roots have Irish eyes smiling
He ’s touted his father ’s Kenyan roots and his mother ’s Kansas upbringing .
But Irish Americans say they ’re still waiting for Barack Obama to embrace another influential figure from his past : his great - great - great - grandfather Falmouth Kearney .
Advertisement
An Irish immigrant who came to America in 1850 , Kearney hailed from Moneygall , County Offaly , a tiny Irish village about an hour and a half west of Dublin .
And according to Ancestry.com , this link makes Obama about 3.1 percent Irish .
The relationship is a stretch , but the Irish — both in the U.S. and abroad — have since become fixated with turning Obama into O’bama .
“ He ’s as much Irish as he is Kenyan , ” said Irish American Democrats President Stella O’Leary .
“ He ’s been very wrapped up in his African - American heritage .
But we will welcome him with open arms . ”
In Moneygall , there ’s been a move to build an Obama exhibit near Kearney Gardens , ancestral land that officials say belonged to the Kearney family .
And an Irish band known as the Corrigan Brothers has grabbed the international limelight with an infectious hit called “ There ’s No One as Irish as Barack Obama . ”
With St. Patrick ’s Day fast approaching in Washington , Irish - American politicians , lobbyists and even local Irish pub owners are urging Obama to publicly embrace his Irish lineage .
“ God bless Falmouth Kearney , he married into good stock .
It ’s been a wonderfully pleasant surprise , ” said American Ireland Fund President Kieran McLoughlin .
“ And now the main platform to showcase that [ connection ] occurs in about a week . ”
Earlier this year , O’Leary and the Irish American Democrats managed to track down Henry Healy , a 24 - year - old Moneygall resident who is Obama ’s clearest living link to Falmouth Kearney .
Healy , who experts believe is an eighth cousin to Obama , was featured in an advertisement by the group aimed at building Irish - American votes for Obama .
He even attended the group ’s inaugural ball in Washington .
After a nearly seven - hour plane ride , Healy arrived carrying a letter from the people of Moneygall inviting Obama to visit , but he never caught a glimpse of his cousin .
“ It ’s surreal to think that I share the same ancestry as the most powerful man in the world , ” Healy told POLITICO .
“ I ’ve never heard from Obama .
But I think he ’s had more important things on his mind than to contact a very distant relative in Ireland . ”
Outside the Irish community , organizers say Obama ’s link to the homeland is n’t well - known — partly because the family tree was discovered only months after he kicked off his presidential campaign and partly because he rarely mentioned it .
“ He does n’t want to dilute his brand by introducing other nationalities , ” said Darrell West , government studies vice president at the Brookings Institution .
“ He has told a very powerful story about growing up biracial .
If he adds the Irish piece , that message gets distorted . ”
Obama only occasionally noted his Irish roots on the campaign trail , most notably at a Society of Irish Women St. Patrick ’s Day dinner in Scranton , Pa. , last year .
“ It turns out I have Irish heritage , and I ’m not talking about my cousin Dick Cheney , ” Obama told the cheering crowd .
“ It never hurts to be a little Irish when running for president of the United States . ”
But Obama ’s not ignoring the Irish community , which has large voting blocs in Northeastern urban areas as well as Chicago .
Earlier this month , Obama issued a traditional proclamation naming March Irish - American Heritage Month .
And according to the Irish American Democrats , the White House is planning an over - the - top St. Patrick ’s Day gala .
Most important , the White House has invited Ireland ’s prime minister to participate in the annual Shamrock ceremony , a tradition that seemed in doubt earlier this year .
Experts say Prime Minister Brian Cowen is also eager for Obama to connect with his roots — the Taoiseach also hails from County Offaly .
“ There will be that cherished moment when the legacy is acknowledged , ” said Rep. Richard E. Neal , a Massachusetts Democrat and chairman of the Congressional Friends of Ireland .
“ Obama seems to do a good job of presenting himself as a regular guy , and acknowledging this historic link makes a lot of sense . ”
Neal , who was one of Obama ’s primary stumpers in Irish - American communities during the campaign , said he has steadily urged Obama and White House officials to more publicly embrace the connection with a trip to Ireland .
He was one of the few who were n’t caught off guard by Obama ’s connection .
“ [ I ] stopped being surprised after experts discovered that President Bill Clinton , a Baptist from Arkansas , had Irish roots , ” he said .
In D.C. , Irish pub owners are also eager to highlight — and make a profit on — the Obama connection .
At the Dubliner restaurant , one of Washington ’s premier intersections of all things Irish and politics , general manager Gavin Coleman has been selling out of T - shirts with caricatures of Obama and Vice President Joe Biden drinking on the bar ’s high stools .
“ All great leaders have a bit of Irish in them , ” said Coleman .
“ He ’s not been through the Dub Club , unfortunately , but people still love the charm of it all .
They like to find something they can identify with . ”
WASHINGTON – President Obama was re-administered the oath of office on Wednesday evening by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. , one day after the two men stumbled over each other ’s words during the inauguration .
The president and the chief justice stood in the Map Room of the White House at 7:35 p.m. as they took a second run at the constitutional oath .
A handful of advisers watched the proceeding , which lasted about 25 seconds .
“ Are you ready to take the oath ? ” Mr. Roberts said .
“ I am , ” Mr. Obama replied .
“ And we ’re going to do it very slowly . ”
Gregory Craig , the White House counsel , said he believes the oath was “ administered effectively and that the president was sworn in appropriately . ”
But out of caution and to ward off any speculation that he was n’t properly sworn in , aides decided on Wednesday afternoon to give the oath another try .
“ The oath appears in the Constitution itself , ” Mr. Craig said in a statement .
“ And out of an abundance of caution , because there was one word out of sequence , Chief Justice Roberts administered the oath a second time . ”
At the swearing - in ceremony on Tuesday , Mr. Roberts juxtaposed a word in the oath when he said , “ That I will execute the office of president to the United States faithfully . ”
The word “ faithfully ” was misplaced .
Mr. Obama , who had been studying his lines , paused awkwardly after saying , “ that I will execute . ”
The chief justice gave it another try , but still not quite right , omitting the word “ execute . ”
As set out in the Constitution , this is what Mr. Obama should have said :
I do solemnly swear ( or affirm ) that I will faithfully execute the Office of the President of the United States , and will to the best of my Ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States .
( Like most of his predecessors , Mr. Obama swore , rather than affirmed , and like some past presidents he appended “ so help me God ” to the standard text . )
During a luncheon after the inauguration ceremony , Mr. Roberts could be seen on camera telling the president that the mistake was “ my fault . ”
So he agreed to travel to the White House on Wednesday evening for a ceremony that was not announced until it was over .
Now I looked at a lot of napkin folding techniques , considered 20 of the coolest , ( as recommended by Mrs Beeton and listed by Quamut ) and narrowed the list to the ten which virtually anyone can make .
But we 've got to single out the best .
The folds that showcase napkins for what they truly are : the unsung hero of every meal .
The star of the place setting .
I know what you 're thinking .
Only a Top 10 ?
It 's napkins for goodness sake !
There 's got to be , well , at least 23 3/ 4 great ways to fold them .
And you 'd be right .
To reach napkin folding nirvana , ( a spot usually reserved for America 's Next Top Maitre D ) you need to put away those silly silver napkin rings , leave the lazy half - fold for those who do n't know better and , for goodness sake , stop tucking them into your shirt .
That 's a bib baby .
Now experts will probably disagree with some of my choices , since there are a lot of complicated , origami like ways to fold napkins .
But I chose to pick the ones that I think anyone can do .
So grab your best linen and get ready to get folded .
Oh , and apologies up front to those of you who love the afternoon tea napkin fold .
It did n't make the cut .
On the bright side nappy lovers , I 've included a how to guide so you can duplicate it at home .
10 . Fleur - de - Lis Napkin Fold - French inspired .
Pretty quick and easy to unfurl in case you , Pierre or Fifi spill mayonnaise on the brie .
1 . Fold the napkin into a triangle , with the open end facing you .
2 . Fold the bottom edge back up so that it extends 1 - 2 " beyond the long edge of the triangle .
3 . From left to right , fold the napkin accordion - style .
4 . Lift the napkin upright and fit its base into a glass or napkin ring .
Fan out the ends of the fleur - de - lis .
These come in handy in case your date faints at the sight of this dope fold .
9. Pinwheel Napkin Fold -
Pinwheels are n't just for steaks , fireworks and ninja dinner parties .
They 're also a great festive holiday napkin fold .
1 . Fold the four corners into the center .
2 . Fold the top edge and the bottom edge into the center .
3 . Bring the left and right sides into the center .
4 . Find each of the loose corners at the centre and gently bring them out to the side to form four points .
5 . Fold the bottom left point to the left side and the top right point to the right .
If you did it right , the pinwheel fold is also a lethal weapon .
8. Diamond Pocket Napkin Fold -
Otherwise known as the engagement fold .
1 . Fold the napkin in quar­ters , so that the open corner faces away from you .
2 . Fold down the top layer of fabric , so that the top corner reaches almost all the way to the bottom .
3 . Fold down the next two layers in the same way , creating a cascade effect .
4 . Flip over the napkin .
5 . Fold the napkin into thirds by folding back the left and right sides of the napkin .
6 . Flip over the napkin and slip silverware ( or 4 carat Princess cut diamond ring ) inside the pocket .
You rock Romeo !
7. Crown Napkin Fold -
This kingly fold requires 7 steps .
But it reigns supreme over your fine china .
1 . Fold the napkin into a triangle , with the open end facing away from you .
2 . Fold the right corner of the napkin up to the middle corner .
3 . Fold the left corner up to the middle corner .
The napkin should be a square , with the bottom corner pointing at you .
4 . Fold the bottom corner up , about two - thirds of the distance to the top corner , forming a small triangle .
5 . Fold down the tip of the small triangle you formed in step 4 , so that the tip touches the bottom edge of the napkin .
6 . Roll the left and right sides of the napkin into a ring , and tuck one end into the other .
7 . Stand the napkin upright .
Now everyone knows who rules the plate .
You , your grace !
6. Candle Fan Napkin Fold -
Otherwise known as the V for Victory fold or the Hippie Peace sign fold or simply 2 cigars smoldering in a glass .
1 . Lay the napkin flat , then fold in the left and right sides of the napkin so that they touch in the center .
2 . Fold out the four corners of the napkin without moving the center of the napkin .
3 . From the edge of the napkin closest to you , roll half of the napkin into a tight cylinder .
4. Accordion - fold the other half of the napkin until the accordion fold comes right up against the cylinder .
5 . Arrange the cylinder and accordion fold so that the cylinder is on top of the accordion fold .
6 . Bend the napkin in half , with the cylinder on the inside , and arrange it in a glass or mug .
Resist urge to light napkins .
5. Rosebud Napkin Fold - Lets call this the Citizen Kane of napkin folds .
It may not be the most complicated to do but it means business fella .
1 . Fold the napkin into a triangle , with the open end facing away from you .
2 . Fold up the left and right corners so that they meet at the middle corner , and so that the edges of the two folded flaps are parallel at the center of the napkin .
The open end of the napkin should be pointing away from you .
3 . Flip over the napkin , but make sure that the open end of the napkin is still pointing away from you .
Then fold up the bottom of the napkin , about three - quarters of the distance to the top corner .
4 . Flip over the napkin , so that the top is still pointing away from you .
5 . Bring the left and right sides of the napkin together , and tuck one side into the other , forming a ring .
Stand the napkin upright , raise a glass to Orson Wells .
May that fat , drunk crank rest in pieces .
4. Rose Napkin Fold - Details man .
Details .
Do n't just buy flowers and make her favorite dish .
Serve it on a napkin of rose pedals .
When you 're lying in bed later and she 's gushing about your napkin folding prowess , you 'll thank me .
1 . Lay the napkin flat .
( A prelude to later )
2 . Fold in the four corners of the napkin to the center of the napkin , creating a new , smaller square .
3. Again , fold the corners of the square to the center of the napkin , creating an even smaller square .
4 . Flip over the napkin so that no folds show on top .
Then , once again , fold the corners of the square to the center of the napkin .
5 . Hold down the center of the napkin by placing a heavy glass on it or pressing down with the fist of one hand .
6 . While pressing down on the center of the square , reach under the four corners of the square and pull out the flaps , which form the petals of the rose .
7 . Still pressing down , reach under the center of each side of the square and pull out smaller petals to finish the rose .
( Swoon kid , you rock . )
3 . The Shirt Napkin Fold -
Win killer points for creativity from your dinner guests .
Especially if they work at The Gap .
You 'll need an iron for this fold by the way .
1 . Lay the napkin face - down in front of you .
2 . Fold the two right corners of the napkin diagonally so the tips rest at the center .
3 . Fold the two left corners of the napkin diagonally so the tips meet the other two in the center .
4 . Fold the right side over so it 's edge rests on the napkins center - line .
5 . Fold the left side over to meet the last fold at the center - line of the napkin .
6 . Turn the napkin over .
7 . Fold the top 1/4 " - 1 " down and press it with your iron .
This will be the collar of the shirt .
8 . Flip the napkin over again .
9 . Fold both upper corners in diagonally , so the points meet in the center at an angle to form the front collar of the shirt .
10 .
Take hold of the two corners in the center of the napkin's near side and fold them up and out diagonally - so the edges are almost parallel to the folds at the far end .
These will become the sleeves .
11 . Take hold of the near end of the napkin , and fold it up towards the collar , tucking it underneath the lower points of the collar and pressing it down .
You could then cut it in half to make it a sweet love 1/2 shirt .
More here .
2 . The Sachet - Just by the name you know it 's a cool napkin fold .
Based on its look , I 'd have called it the Spotlight .
Attempt using only your best , crisp linens .
[ click to enlarge photo ]
1. Fold into Fours
2 . Turn down the corners ( A )
3 . Fold down the corners ( A ) again to the perpendicular lines ( B )
4 . Fold at the diagonal lines ( C ) and portiosn ( D ) upwards .
5 . Fold at the dotted line and bring the portion marched ( D ) over on to ( E ) .
6 . Fold over at Dotted line and turn ( F ) on to G .
7 . Fold over the part market H at the dotted line .
8 . Fold at dotted line and bring the point J right over to K .
9 . Open out L and curl the leaves .
Calling all hungry people !
Your table is set .
1. Bird of Paradise Napkin Fold -
You want to send the right signal to your lover ?
This fold is for you .
It 's a subtle reminder of what could stand tall later that night .
Especially if the meal is orgasmic .
1 . Fold the napkin in quar­ters -- first fold it in half horizontally , then in half vertically .
2 . Fold the napkin diagonally in half , and place it so that the open end points away from you .
3 . Fold the left and right points of the triangle so that they extend below the rest of the napkin .
4 . Fold these two points up under the napkin -- the napkin should look like a puffy triangle .
5 . Fold in the left and right corners of the napkin .
An oval indentation should run at the top of the napkin .
6 . In the oval indentation are four flaps of fabric .
Lift each flap up so that it extends into the air .
( Ding .
Ding .... Iceburg , dead ahead !!!)
Enjoy the meal !
Visit Quamut for more napkin folding techniques and other cool how to guides .
Just how safe is that printer in the office ?
Depending on the particular model , not very , according to research from Lidia Morowaska at the Queensland Institute of Technology .
Back in 2007 , we reported on Dr. Morawaska 's findings that laser printers were the biggest determining factor of indoor air pollution in offices , a study that did n't go down well with printer manufacturers .
Now there 's a follow - up from the same research group , focusing on the nature of the particulate pollution emitted from laser printers .
These submicron - sized particles appear to be formed by complex reactions between volatile organic compounds ( VOCs ) with the help of both heat and ozone .
The work involved tested two printers , an HP 2200 and an HP 1320n .
The latter is known to emit many more particulates than the former , by as much as three orders of magnitude ( or 100,000 percent more ) , and both printers were tested while being put through their paces printing pages with no toner coverage , five percent toner coverage , or 50 percent toner coverage .
Some tests were conducted in a flow - through tunnel to measure particle nature , while others were performed in another chamber that allowed the scientists to measure the persistence of the particles , as well as other variables that required a longer assay time .
Various components of each printer , such as the fuser rollers , toner powder , and so on , were also heated in a furnace to determine the nature of their emissions as a result of heating .
Below a certain temperature threshold , there were almost no emissions from any of the tested components .
Above these thresholds ( as low as 100 ?
C in the case of a used roller , and as high as 200 ? C for the lubricating oil ) there were rapid increases in the concentrations of VOCs and particulates , with the particulates being formed at slightly higher temperatures than the VOCs in all cases .
The data gathered from the flow tunnel showed the different printers had quite different profiles of particulate release , tested over the course of printing 150 pages .
The HP 2200 shoed a peak of particulate emissions within the first minute , which then began to decrease over the course of the print job , until falling rapidly to zero after the printing was finished .
The HP 1320n also had an initial peak in the first minute , although the amount of particles emitted was many times higher .
However , unlike the other printer , emissions skyrocketed again after about 2 minutes , and stayed elevated until the end of the print run , with levels around 1000 times greater than the HP 2200 .
Switching toner between the different printer models had a modest effect on the particle emission , as did different types of paper , although this was not the primary cause .
Instead , it appears that the speed and sophistication of temperature control within the printers is the main determining factor governing particle emission .
The HP 1320n actually operated at a lower average temperature than the HP 2200 , but temperature spikes are likely causing reactions to take place that result in particle creation .
Presumably the identification of the makeup of these particles , along with the knowledge of how to avoid their creation ( better temperature control in the printing process ) should help manufacturers take steps in future printer design to make their devices a little less toxic to the office worker .
Environ .
Sci. Technol , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1021/es802193n
Since the Windows 7 beta launched , we 've pretty much been having a love - in .
But the truth is , it 's not all rainbows and Start buttons .
There are 7 things about Windows 7 that we really hate .
Advertisement
1. Ca n't Pin What We Want to Taskbar .
Perhaps because we love the superbar so much , it drives us nuts that we can't pin everything to it .
Particularly , the Recycle Bin and some devices , like USB drives .
Advertisement
With the Recycle Bin , you can make it a folder within Windows Explorer on the taskbar , but you can't pin the actual Recycle Bin to the taskbar , so you can drag and drop stuff into it or empty it .
Instead , I get this single , lonely icon floating on my desktop , making my OCD crazy .
Admittedly , adding the recycling bin to the taskbar with drag - and - drop garbage would make the new taskbar behavior inconsistent , but I drag stuff to the taskbar all the time wanting to chunk it .
We want the option , even if it makes absolutely no sense .
When it comes to devices , it 's inconsistent about what you can and can't pin , which really is annoying as hell .
You can pin certified Device Stage products there , but not any other peripheral — even ones that are recognized as the same type , like a camera .
I was able to pin my Downloads folder to the taskbar separately from the catch - all Windows Explorer icon , but every other folder I tried failed .
If you 're going to rob full control from us , at least do so consistently .
2. No Upgrade Install From XP to Windows 7 .
You can do an upgrade install — an installation that 'll preserve your programs , files and folder structure — from Vista to Windows 7 , but not from XP to Windows 7 .
We all admit , it 's really better to do a clean install anyway , and leapfrogging two generations of OSes is bound to cause all kinds of headaches .
But a hefty chunk of people will upgrade from XP to 7 , especially on netbooks .
Upgrading XP to Vista was doable , and Windows 7 is structurally speaking , a lot like Vista .
So what 's the deal , hmmmmm ?
Migration tools are nice , but they 're no match for a simple upgrade wizard .
Advertisement
Advertisement
3. Ejecting Devices Requires Too Many Clicks .
Love Device Stage and all , but ejecting a plain old card reader requires two different menus and more clicks than I care to count as I shuffle from menu to menu .
Just like it was in Vista , this is dumb .
Sometimes it 's just easier to yank out the drive and deal with the angry alert message .
Two clicks max , please .
Update : Okay , looks like we 're doinitwrong .
You can actually pop up a list of attached devices from the " safely remove hardware icon where you click the device , and it ejects , requiring a grand total of two clicks , which is what we wanted .
If you actually click where it says " Safely Remove Hardware " it pops up the menu and you get to click more .
This could be made more apparent to the user , I think .
Advertisement
4. Most Desktop Gadgets Suck
More people will use gadgets now that they do n't start off in the Sidebar by default .
( Yes , you can rip 'em off the Sidebar and scatter 'em around in Vista , but it 's still more of an ordeal . )
But even if gadgets are more accessible than ever , there 's a problem :
Most of them are pretty terrible , with nothing like the quality or polish of OS X's Dashboard ecosystem or Yahoo's Konfabulator , so we only use a few of 'em .
Hopefully , this gets better by the time Windows 7 is all final .
Advertisement
5. Windows Media Player Blows .
Yeah , it now natively supports more than three - and - a - half codecs , but try actually figuring out how to use its great new features .
The interface is yucky and cluttered , a consequence of trying to simplify a program that 's gotten really unwieldy as its sprouted feature tentacles over the years .
( Before you even start , I 'm not a fan of iTunes ' feature bloat either , but its library UI is better . )
Our attempts to play music off of a networked drive , for instance , went nowhere on one computer and produced ugly results on another , because it 's so unintuitive , with controls and features hidden like surprises .
There 's really no argument for saving Media Player — it 's not like anyone actually likes it anyway .
Windows Media Center and Zune 's software look and feel great , so how about letting those guys build a whole new one from scratch ?
Advertisement
6. Sleep and Hibernation Are Still Crapshoots .
This may sound like a beta complaint , but it 's been a real problem in Windows for a while .
Sometimes your computer will come out of sleep or hibernation .
( Sleep is much better than hibernation , though . )
Sometimes it wo n't .
Sometimes it's as snappy as a wake up as if it had a triple shot of espresso .
Sometimes it 's like it washed down three bottles of sleeping pills with a quart of drank .
Make it work , please .
Advertisement
7. Control Panel Is a Mess .
Look at this crap .
No really , just look at it .
The Simple layout literally hides what you 're looking for , while the All view masks it with the camouflage of multiplicity .
Not only that , but with all the advancements , Control Panel is no longer really the single central hub for getting everything done , tinker - wise .
With all the great UI work you 've done in Windows 7 , do n't tell us you really could n't do any better with this , guys .
We 've got some other nagging issues that may become objects of hatred at some point , but we 're willing to wait for the final release to air more grievances .
In the meantime , that 's what we absolutely hate .
So FIX IT !
Thanks for caring .
Israel says warning were given before any civilian area was targeted Israel says its calculation of the death toll from its assault on Gaza shows a much lower ratio of civilian deaths than other published figures .
Military researchers say 1,166 Palestinians were killed of whom 709 are described as " terror operatives " from the militant group Hamas .
The military adds it took " extensive measures " not to harm civilians .
New Palestinian research says the toll was 1,434 , including 960 civilians , 235 fighters and 239 uniformed police .
Israel has been widely criticised for its operations in Gaza between 27 December and 18 January , especially over the high level of civilian casualties and the use of some weaponry in civilian areas .
In two reports published this week , UN human rights investigators said there was evidence of Israeli war crimes during the offensive , although Israel dismissed this .
Official Palestinian figures have put the final death toll at 1,475 , including 943 civilians , including Palestinians who have died from their wounds in hospital .
' Unmatched achievement '
A statement by the Israeli military said it wanted to publish " accurate " figures to counter reports that " introduced false information originating from various Palestinian sources " about the number of war dead in the Gaza campaign .
DIFFERENT DEATH TOLLS Palestinians killed during Israeli military offensive in Gaza , 27 Dec to 18 Jan Total dead : 1,166 ( 1,434 ) Fighters : 710-870 ( 235 ) Non-combatants : 295-460 ( 960 ) Women : 49 ( 121 ) Children under 16 : 89 ( 288 ) Sources : Israeli Defence Intelligence Research Dept ( and Palestinian Centre for Human Rights )
It said figures were gathered by examining various intelligence sources and cross referencing the names and numbers reported killed as a result of its operations .
In addition to the " confirmed " militants , the army says there are 162 men who have not been identified as civilians but " not yet attributed to any organisation " .
It puts the confirmed death toll of " uninvolved Palestinians " at 295 , of whom 89 were children under 16 and 49 were women .
In quotes published a day before the circulation of the official Israeli figures , Israel 's Southern Command chief Maj Gen Yoav Galant hailed the civilians - to - combatants ratio as an " achievement unmatched in the history of this kind of combat " .
Thirteen Israelis , including three civilians , were also killed during the offensive ; four soldiers died from so - called " friendly fire " .
Judicial redress Earlier , a statement by the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights listed 1,434 Palestinian dead in the 22 - day offensive , and blamed Israel for excessive and indiscriminate destruction and violation of the laws of war .
Palestinians accuse Israel of excessive and indiscriminate use of force
It said its calculation of 960 non-combatant fatalities included 288 children , 121 women , and 235 civilian policemen killed in air strikes on the first day of the attacks .
" The excessively disproportionate civilian death toll and Israel 's conduct of hostilities ... demand effective judicial redress , " the group said in its statement .
It lists indiscriminate attacks , wilful killing , extensive destruction of property and the use of weapons such as white phosphorous in civilian areas as the main concerns .
The Israeli military says it is investigating specific claims of abuses and argues that it did its utmost to protect civilians during a conflict in which militants operated from populated civilian areas .
It accuses Hamas of using civilians as human shields and says it took " extensive measures in order to prevent harming uninvolved civilians " .
In Thursday 's statement , the military says its precautions included " dropping leaflets , broadcasting warnings in local Palestinian media , and placing numerous phone calls to homes " before they were targeted by bombing .
Last week several Israeli soldiers were quoted anonymously in the media saying troops had killed unarmed Palestinians , including women and children , by hastily opening fire under relaxed rules of engagement in Gaza .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mondays
Things I like
Tuesdays
Things I would change
Wednesdays
Things I do NOT like
Thursdays
Things I miss
Fridays
Things I 'm looking forward too
I do n't talk much .
So I decided I would start writing the stuff down I always meant to talk about , so it does n't go to waste .
Well there 's a pretty good chance it might still go to waste , but hopefully it will be a spectacularly , entertaining , debacle of a waste that 's hard to look away from .
So everyday , Monday thru Friday is assigned a theme : and on those days , there 's a good chance we 'll discuss a topic that fits those themes .
I 'm not making any promises though .
CORAL GABLES , FL . ( March 11 , 2009 ) — Researchers at the University of Miami and at the Universities of Tokyo and Tohoku , Japan , have been able to prove the existence of a " spin battery , " a battery that is " charged " by applying a large magnetic field to nano - magnets in a device called a magnetic tunnel junction ( MTJ ) .
The new technology is a step towards the creation of computer hard drives with no moving parts , which would be much faster , less expensive and use less energy than current ones .
In the future , the new battery could be developed to power cars .
The study will be published in an upcoming issue of Nature and is available online now .
The device created by University of Miami Physicist Stewart E. Barnes , of the College of Arts and Sciences and his collaborators can store energy in magnets rather than through chemical reactions .
Like a winding up toy car , the spin battery is " wound up " by applying a large magnetic field -- no chemistry involved .
The device is potentially better than anything found so far , said Barnes .
" We had anticipated the effect , but the device produced a voltage over a hundred times too big and for tens of minutes , rather than for milliseconds as we had expected , " Barnes said .
" That this was counterintuitive is what lead to our theoretical understanding of what was really going on . "
The secret behind this technology is the use of nano - magnets to induce an electromotive force .
It uses the same principles as those in a conventional battery , except in a more direct fashion .
The energy stored in a battery , be it in an iPod or an electric car , is in the form of chemical energy .
When something is turned " on " there is a chemical reaction which occurs and produces an electric current .
The new technology converts the magnetic energy directly into electrical energy , without a chemical reaction .
The electrical current made in this process is called a spin polarized current and finds use in a new technology called " spintronics . "
The new discovery advances our understanding of the way magnets work and its immediate application is to use the MTJs as electronic elements which work in different ways to conventional transistors .
Although the actual device has a diameter about that of a human hair and cannot even light up an LED ( light - emitting diode - - a light source used as electronic component ) , the energy that might be stored in this way could potentially run a car for miles .
The possibilities are endless , Barnes said .
" There are magnets hidden away in many things , for example there are several in a mobile telephone , many in a car , and they are what keeps your refrigerator closed , " he said .
" There are so many that even a small change in the way we understand of how they work , and which might lead to only a very small improvement in future machines , has a significant financial and energetic impact . "
Source : University of Miami
The top is a graphic representation of the overall device structure .
The diameter is roughly that of a human hair .
The bottom is a magnified image of the central part .
The white spots are atoms and the white circles are the nano - magnets , the " working part " of the device .
( Photo Credit : Pham Nam Hai )
Article : Pham Nam Hai , Shinobu Ohya , Masaaki Tanaka , Stewart E. Barnes , Sadamichi Maekawa , ' Electromotive force and huge magnetoresistance in magnetic tunnel junctions ' , Nature advance online publication 8 March 2009 doi:10.1038/nature07879
February 26 , 2009
Where Private and Public Meet
At Brooklyn ’s newest sex club , the offerings include a free buffet , a dance floor and , of course rooms for the main attraction , from the private to the very public .
Read Related Article »
FEBRUARY 5-- Meet Stephen Bishop .
The California man was arrested this week for the mid-December robbery of a liquor store .
Surveillance video shows that Bishop , 49 , made sure to wear a baseball cap when allegedly sticking up the Market Express Liquor Store in Grover Beach .
Bishop , jailed in lieu of $ 450,000 bail , is pictured below in a mug shot taken by the San Luis Obispo County Sheriff 's Department .
( 1 page )
In foreign affairs he has kept Bush 's Secretary of Defense and old time Cold Warrior Robert Gates on .
He has made Hillary “ I voted for American aggression in both Serbia and Iraq ” Clinton his Secretary of State .
His Chief of Staff , Rahm “ Rhambo ” Emanuel is a firm supporter of Israel whose dad actually perpetrated terrorist acts in the 1940s to bring about the birth of that nation .
Lastly , it took him all of four days in office to authorize a cross border bombing of Pakistan .
Economically , his first priority in office has been to outdo George Bush by signing an even bigger “ stimulus ” ( notice the quotation marks ) bill than the one signed by “ W ” in October .
By the way , the current “ stimulus ” bill is growing as we speak to close to $ 800 billion and Obama is using the same rhetoric Bush used ( if it does n't pass we will face catastrophe ) to railroad the bill through .
He also made Tim “ I have no idea what happened to $ 350 billion of taxpayer money from the first stimulus bill and several of my own tax returns ” Geithner Secretary of the Treasury .
Imagine that ; make a tax cheat the boss of the IRS .
Is n't anything sacred anymore ?
Of course , Geithner is n't the only tax cheat Obama has nominated – Daschle , Richardson , and Killefer make up the remainder of the elite group .
For this record , I give Obama an “ F ” for “ Change ” .
But wait , there is one policy area I neglected to mention – social policy .
A part of social policy is the so called “ War on Drugs ” .
Americans have spent a half a trillion dollars since the 1970s fighting this endless battle .
Over half of all federal prisoners are drug offenders .
The prohibition of illicit drugs in the United States has directly financed , through consequent high prices for the rebels ' product , the longest running civil war in the world in Columbia .
The violence that has resulted because of the renewed fight against illegal drugs by the government in Mexico is destabilizing our border with that country and threatening to spill over into American cities in the Southwest .
Against this backdrop , given the political capital he possesses , Obama has the opportunity to do something about this .
In fact , in a March 2008 interview , candidate Obama stated , “ If it 's an issue of doctors prescribing medical marijuana as a treatment for glaucoma or as a cancer treatment , I think that should be appropriate because there really is no difference between that and a doctor prescribing morphine or anything else ” .
He went on to say , “ what I 'm not going to be doing is using Justice Department resources to try to circumvent state laws on this issue ” .
These words gave encouragement to civil libertarians and medical marijuana proponents that an Obama Administration would change the direction of at least some parts of the War on Drugs .
Then on Tuesday of this past week , the Drug Enforcement Agency , a part of the Justice Department , raided four medical marijuana facilities in the Los Angeles area .
Agents seized over 400 lbs of the drug and $ 10,000 in cash .
When questioned about the raids in light of candidate Obama 's campaign remarks , DEA spokeswoman and special agent Sarah Pullen answered that , “ There has been no direction as to a change in how we … enforce federal law ” .
The key word in the quote of course is “ change ” .
It is certainly disappointing that the Obama Administration has n't yet put a halt to one of the most uncompassionate things the federal government does – deny medication to those in pain .
Indeed the new president is preoccupied with two other wars he inherited and an economy headed for depression .
Maybe he just has n't gotten around to addressing drug policy .
For that possible reason I am willing to give him an “ incomplete ” on “ change ” in regards to the War on Drugs .
However , my patience is running thin .
Kenn Jacobine teaches History , English , and Information Technology in a Global Society for the American International School of Lusaka , Zambia .
Visit his website at : The View from Abroad .
Tom Banchoff
Davide Cervone
As a continuation of the work begun in the show , these pages bring even more dimensions to the artwork , allowing visitors from around the work to explore the show , and the mathematics behind it , through the media of hypertext , interactive graphics , and electronic movies .
The main entry points :
What started as tensions between a privacy campaign group and Google over its controversial mapping service Street View has spilled over into claims of conspiracy theories .
Simon Davies , director of Privacy International , believes Google is trying to discredit the complaints he has registered about Street View by briefing against him to journalists .
In an open letter to Google 's chief executive Eric Schmidt , Mr Davies accused it of secretively briefing against him , claiming he was supported by , and biased in favour of , Microsoft – one of Google 's biggest competitors .
Google has openly affirmed its belief in the relevance of connections between Microsoft and 80/20 Thinking , a data protection consultancy run by Mr Davies .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Neither Microsoft nor [ its PR company ]
Burson - Marsteller has ever paid money to either Privacy International or 80/20 Thinking , nor has any benefit in kind been given , " Mr Davies wrote in his letter .
" We are quite frankly stunned that a company such as Google would take steps ... to peddle groundless conspiracy theories in an attempt to besmirch a critic .
You should be ashamed of your actions .
Google is coming across as a desperate company resorting to desperate measures . "
In response , Google has persisted with the assertion that Mr Davies ' connections to Microsoft should be made clear in public .
A spokesman said : " Simon Davies regularly attacks Google on privacy grounds .
It 's no secret that we believe the credibility of his criticisms is undermined by the fact that , alongside his work for Privacy International , he acts as a consultant to a number of technology companies who are direct rivals to , and in some cases vocal critics of , Google – a fact he rarely seems to disclose in his press releases or comments to the media .
We work hard to make sure our users understand what data we collect and how we use it , because we are committed to transparency and user choice . "
80/20 Thinking 's advisory group includes Jerry Fishenden , Microsoft UK 's leading technology adviser , but has never included anyone from Google .
Privacy International has previously protested against other Google technology , such as Latitude , which allows users to see their friends ' locations , and its advertising outfit Doubleclick .
The campaign group submitted an in - depth letter of concern to the Information Commissioner 's Office on Monday in relation to Street View .
The service , which was introduced in the UK last week , shows 360 degree images of streets from 25 British cities .
Faces and car numberplates are supposed to be blurred out but in some cases can be seen .
Users can complain to Google if they find images on Street View offensive .
The images can usually be taken down within hours .
Mr Davies said Privacy International had received several hundred complaints about the service , mostly in relation to the failure of the blurring - out software .
" I do n't want Google punished and I do n't want Street View removed , " he said .
" We 'd be happy if Google just made a commitment to be more transparent and accountable .
The current situation is not sustainable . "
Microsoft declined to comment .
With the game 's content creation system , you 'd think it would be hard to get excited about for - pay levels for Sony 's LittleBigPlanet .
Players can jump online and play thousands of free levels of all shapes and sizes , so why pay $ 5.99 for more levels and extra materials ?
It 's a tough sell , to be sure , but MediaMolecule has apparently found the answer that should serve as a template for all future DLC : offer something the original game simply could n't .
The Metal Gear Solid 4 level pack was released right before Christmas , and with the actual holidays preoccupying all of us , we 've only just had the chance to sit down with the new content .
The pack features a small but game - changing inclusion : the paintball gun .
While this addition seems relatively simple and limited at first , it will surely result in some amazing new levels that simply were not possible before .
This makes the pack a must - buy .
While the actual Metal Gear Solid 4 levels are themselves a great addition to the game — paying homage to Konami's big title in a way that feels fresh , while offering a unique platforming experience that stands on its own with some great levels and an epic boss fight — the paintball gun and its corresponding creation pieces have opened a whole new door for content creators .
The gun can be used to kill enemies and shoot special surfaces , which have " health . "
Shooting these surfaces a set number of times triggers an event or causes them to disappear .
That 's pretty much all there is to it .
With the pack 's levels , MediaMolecule has offered just a few of the many different possibilities .
One of the pack - in levels is essentially a shooting gallery , which requires you to peg some targets while dodging energy balls .
The platforming levels are also spiced up with new enemies , and everything stays with the Metal Gear Solid theme .
The story even pokes fun at some of the existing user - created levels , but we wo n't ruin the surprises .
The only downside is that it 's possible to play all the new levels in a very short time ; you 'll see all there is to see in an hour or so , although it will take much longer to master all the new challenges .
For $ 5.99 , this is a significant addition to the game , and we 're extremely excited to see the various ways in which players turn LittleBigPlanet into a shooter .
Given that the included levels themselves are a ton of fun to play through and are , as has become MediaMolecule tradition , superbly crafted , any LittleBigPlanet owner would be foolish not to dive head first into this excellent booster pack of content .
The following letter was issued by the Palestine Forum Japan on 29 January 2009 :
Dear Mr. Haruki Murakami :
We ask you to withdraw from the Jerusalem Book Fair and receipt of the “ Jerusalem Prize . ”
We have heard the news that you are going to participate in the 24th Jerusalem International Book Fair from 15 to 20 February , and will be awarded the “ Jerusalem Prize . ”
We are terribly shocked .
We ask you to seriously reconsider the social and political significance of a world - famous author such as yourself participating in the book fair , which is fully supported by the Foreign Ministry of Israel and the City of Jerusalem , and receiving the award from the mayor of Jerusalem , when Israel has just taken more than 1,300 precious lives , injured more than 5,300 people , including 500 who are seriously wounded , and destroyed a tremendous number of lives in Gaza and thus committed a series of war crimes .
What we are particularly concerned about is the purpose of the “ Jerusalem Prize , ” being to praise one ’s contribution to “ individuals ’ freedom in society . ”
This concept is in total contradiction of Israel ’s criminal acts such as massacre , collective punishment , blockade policy , construction of settlements and building of the “ separation wall ” in East Jerusalem that are effectively eliminating Palestinians ’ freedom .
If you receive the “ Jerusalem Prize ” it will contribute to a false image of Israel respecting “ individuals ’ freedom in society ” which will be portrayed and spread by the media .
We fear that the unimaginable devastation of humanity which Israel has inflicted continuously and systematically upon Palestinians will be disregarded and Israel ’s actions will be accepted .
Richard Falk , the UN special rapporteur for human rights in the Palestinian territories , has said there was “ a prima facie case ” that Israel gravely breached the Geneva Conventions during its 22 - day campaign in Gaza .
Citizens ’ groups in Europe are preparing to bring the persons responsible before an international tribunal .
To avoid the recurrence of this massacre , which reminded us of the Warsaw Ghetto , the international community has to acquit the moral obligation , and send the message “ Do not allow , condone or forget [ the ] massacre ” to defiant Israel .
We regard the receipt of the “ Jerusalem Prize ” as obviously contradicting this cause .
Furthermore , Mr. Nir Barkat , who was elected mayor of Jerusalem in November last year , is supporting the continued expansion of illegal settlements in East Jerusalem , just as his predecessors .
Making Jerusalem the capital , the annexation of East Jerusalem and the construction of settlements in East Jerusalem are all in violation of international law , but Israel claims these to be accomplished facts .
This results in keeping true peace far away , and not only in Jerusalem but all Palestinians in the occupied territory become victims of the apartheid policy .
We would have to say that Palestinians ’ “ individual freedom in society ” is completely suppressed by Israel .
Hence receiving the “ Jerusalem Prize ” from the mayor of Jerusalem , Mr. Barkat who is in charge of this oppression , contributes towards hiding and vindicating Israel ’s apartheid policy all the more .
We believe that this is not your intention .
Please turn your attention to the Palestinians , who are being denied their freedom and dignity as human beings and resisting by surviving everyday life .
We would humbly ask you to consider the effects your receipt of the “ Jerusalem Prize ” would have , what sort of message the world would receive in this Middle East situation , what kind of propaganda value it could have to Israel and the possibility of aggravating the critical situation Palestinians are facing .
Related Links
Remember the Craigslist ad seeking a female with “ a history in some aspect of the adult entertainment industry ” to run against that Louisiana senator whose past is n’t so clean , David Vitter ?
Well , it seems someone has been found who meets this ad checklist .
Her name ?
Stormy .
Porn star Stormy Daniels .
There ’s a whole “ Draft Stormy ” movement online , in bright LSU colors even , at www.draftstormy.com.
( She ’s from Baton Rouge and in porn — why not ? )
Someone out there really wants people to be aware of draftstormy.com .
Shenanigans received a two - page Draft Stormy directive in the mail , along with some very fine Mardi Gras beads .
The Louisiana Democratic Party has no connection to Stormy or this group that seems to be promoting her without her involvement .
On the site is a disclaimer : “ This website is not authorized by Stormy Daniels or Wicked Pictures . ”
“ The Louisiana Democratic Party is not affiliated with the ‘ Draft Stormy ’ initiative — that movement is a nonpartisan , grass - roots effort , ” Scott Jordan , spokesman for the Louisiana Democratic Party , told us .
He added : “ If their recruitment effort works , it will surely be interesting , for example , to hear David Vitter explain his vote against the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act to Stormy Daniels . ”
One Louisiana political observer told us with a sly Seinfeld reference , “ They ’re definitely overreaching .
What ’s next , are they going to draft Buck Naked ? ”
Vitter ’s office , per usual , did n’t return our call .
We like these statements back to back :
“ This is an opportunity for us to promote bold , positive and substantive reforms rooted in our core principles ; and opportunity to be more than the party of ‘ no . ’ ” —
NRCC e-mail from John A. Boehner , Jan 20
And : “ Last night Nancy Pelosi asked Republicans to join her in maxing out the country ’s credit card — Republicans said ‘ NO ! ’ ” —
Pete Sessions in an NRCC e-mail Friday
comments closed
permalink
Description : Lidiya , the always radiant redhead poses in a barely there mesh - style outfit and we do n't miss a thing !
Views : 236176 Date : 02/16/09 Favorited : 25
Sponsored Feature : Designing the Framework of a Parallel Game Engine
By Jeff Andrews
[ Single - threaded game engines can still work , but they are becoming increasingly outclassed by multithreaded solutions that are more sophisticated , but also more complex to create and optimize .
In this sponsored article , part of the Intel Visual Computing Microsite , Intel application engineer Jeff Andrews lays that process bare . ]
With the advent of multiple cores within a processor , the need to create a parallel game engine has become increasingly important .
Although it is still possible to focus primarily on only the GPU and have a single - threaded game engine , the advantages of using all the processors on a system , whether CPU or GPU , can give the user a much greater experience .
For example , by using more CPU cores , a game can increase the number of rigid body physics objects for greater effects on the screen .
Optimized games might also yield a smarter AI .
This white paper covers the basic methods for creating and optimizing a multi- core game engine .
It also describes the state manager and messaging mechanism that keeps data in sync and offers several tips for optimizing parallel execution .
Multiple block diagrams are used to depict theoretical overviews for managing tasks and states , interfacing with scenes , objects , and tasks , and then initializing , loading , and looping within synchronized threads .
Introduction
The Parallel Game Engine Framework or engine is a multi - threaded game engine that is designed to scale to all available processors within a platform .
To do this , the engine executes different functional blocks in parallel so that it can use all available processors .
However , this is often easier said than done , because many pieces in a game engine often interact with one another and can cause many threading errors .
The engine takes these scenarios into account and has mechanisms for getting the proper synchronization of data without being bound by synchronization locks .
The engine also has a method for executing data synchronization in parallel to keep serial execution time to a minimum .
Parallel Execution State
The concept of a parallel execution state in an engine is crucial to an efficient multi- threaded runtime .
For a game engine to truly run in parallel , with as little synchronization overhead as possible , each system must operate within its own execution state and interact minimally with anything else going on in the engine .
Data still needs to be shared , but now instead of each system accessing a common data location to get position or orientation data , for example , each system has its own copy - removing the data dependency that exists between different parts of the engine .
If a system makes any changes to the shared data , notices are sent to a state manager , which in turn queues the changes , called messaging .
Once the different systems have finished executing , they are notified of the state changes and update their internal data structures , which is also part of messaging .
Using this mechanism greatly reduces synchronization overhead , allowing systems to act more independently .
Execution Modes
Execution state management works best when operations are synchronized to a clock , which means the different systems execute synchronously .
The clock frequency may or may not be equivalent to a frame time , and it is not necessary for it to be so .
The clock time does not even have to be fixed to a specific frequency , but instead can be tied to frame count , such that one clock step is equal to how long it takes to complete one frame , regardless of length .
The implementation one chooses to use for the execution state will determine the clock time .
Figure 1 shows the different systems operating in the free step mode of execution , which means they do n't have to complete their execution on the same clock .
There is also a lock step mode of execution ( Figure 2 ) in which all systems complete in one clock .
The main difference between the two modes is that free step provides flexibility in exchange for simplicity , while lock step is the reverse .
Figure 1 . Execution state using the free step mode .
Free Step Mode
This execution mode allows a system to operate in the time it needs to complete its calculations .
" Free " can be misleading , because a system is not free to complete whenever it wants , but is free to select the number of clocks it needs to execute .
With this method , a simple notification of a state change to the state manager is not enough .
Data must also be passed along with the state - change notification because a system that has modified shared data may still be executing when another system that wants the data is ready to do an update .
This requires the use of more memory and copies , so it may not be the most ideal mode for all situations .
Given the extra memory operations , free step might be slower than lock step , although this is not necessarily true .
Lock Step Mode
With this mode all systems must complete their execution in a single clock .
Lock step mode is simpler to implement and does not require data to be passed with the notification because systems that are interested in a change made by another system can simply query that system for the value ( at the end of execution ) .
Figure 2 . Execution state using the lock step mode .
The lock step mode can also implement a pseudo - free - step mode of operation by staggering calculations across multiple steps .
One use for this might be with an AI that calculates its initial " large view " goal in the first clock , then instead of just repeating the goal calculation for the next clock comes up with a more focused goal based on the initial goal .
Data Synchronization
It is possible for multiple systems to make changes to the same shared data .
To do this , the messaging needs some sort of mechanism that can determine the correct value to use .
Two such mechanisms can be used :
Time .
The last system to make the change time - wise has the correct value .
Priority .
A system with a higher priority is the one that has the correct value .
This can also be combined with the time mechanism to resolve changes from systems of equal priority .
Data values that are determined to be stale , via either mechanism , will simply be overwritten or thrown out of the change notification queue .
Using relative values for the shared data can be difficult because some data may be order - dependent .
To alleviate this problem , use absolute data values so that when systems update their local values they replace the old with the new .
A combination of both absolute and relative data is ideal , although its use depends on each specific situation .
For example , common data , such as position and orientation , should be kept absolute because creating a transformation matrix for it depends on the order in which the data are received .
A custom system that generated particles , via the graphics system , and fully owned the particle information could merely send relative value updates .
The Engine
The engine 's design focuses on flexibility , allowing for the simple expansion of its functionality .
It can be easily modified to accommodate platforms that are constrained by certain factors , such as memory .
The engine is broken up into two distinct pieces : the framework and the managers .
The framework contains the parts of the game that are duplicated ; that is , there will be multiple instances of them .
It also contains items that have to do with execution of the main game loop .
The managers are singletons that the game logic depends on .
Figure 3 illustrates the different sections that make up the engine .
Figure 3 . The high - level architecture of the engine .
Notice that the game processing functionality , referred to as a system , is treated as a separate entity from the engine .
This modularity makes the engine the " glue " for tying all the functionality together .
Modularity also allows the systems to be loaded or unloaded as needed .
The interfaces are the means of communication between the engine and the systems :
The systems implement the interface so that the engine can access a system 's functionality , and the engine implements the interface so that the systems can access the managers .
For more information about this concept , refer to Appendix A .
As described in the Parallel Execution State section , the systems are inherently discrete - systems can run in parallel without interfering with the execution of other systems .
This does cause some problems when systems need to communicate with each other , because the data is not guaranteed to be in a stable state .
Two reasons for inter-system communication are :
To inform another system of a change made to shared data , such as position or orientation .
To request functionality that is not available within a particular system , such as the AI system asking the geometry or physics system to perform a ray intersection test .
The first communication problem is solved by implementing the state manager mentioned in the previous section .
To solve the second problem , a mechanism is included through which a system can provide a service that a different system can use .
Framework
The framework ties all the different pieces of the engine together .
Engine initialization occurs within the framework , with the exception of the managers , which are globally instantiated .
The information about the scene is also stored in the framework .
For flexibility , the scene is implemented as what is called a universal scene , which contains universal objects - containers for tying together the different functional parts of a scene .
The game loop is also located within the framework .
Figure 4 shows its flow .
Figure 4 . The main game loop .
The first step in the game loop is to process all pending OS window messages because the engine operates in a windowed environment .
The engine will be unresponsive to the OS if this is not done .
The scheduler next issues the systems ' tasks with the task manager , and then the changes that the state manager has been keeping track of are distributed to all interested parties .
Finally , the framework checks the execution status to see if the engine should quit or perform some other engine execution action , such as go to the next scene .
The engine execution status is located in the environment manager , which is described later in this article .
Scheduler
The scheduler holds the master clock for execution , which is set at a pre-determined frequency .
The clock can also run at an unlimited rate , for things like benchmarking mode , so that there is no waiting for the clock time to expire before proceeding .
The scheduler submits systems for execution , via the task manager , on a clock tick .
For free step mode , the scheduler communicates with the systems to determine how many clock ticks they will need to complete their execution .
Then it determines which systems are ready for execution and which ones will be finished by a certain clock tick .
The scheduler can adjust this amount if it determines that a system needs more execution time .
Lock step mode has all systems start and end on the same clock , so the scheduler will wait for all systems to complete execution .
Universal Scene and Objects
The universal scene and objects are containers for the functionality that is implemented within the systems .
By themselves , the universal scene and objects have no functionality other than being able to interact with the engine .
They can , however , be extended to include the functionality that is available in a system , which gives them the ability to take on the properties of any available system without having to be tied to a specific system .
This is called loose coupling .
Loose coupling is important because it allows the systems to be independent of each other and run in parallel .
Figure 5 illustrates the universal scene and object extension of a system .
Figure 5 . The universal scene and object extension .
Here 's how extensions work : A universal scene is extended to have graphics , physics , and other properties .
The graphics scene extension initializes the display and other things , and the physics scene extension sets up the rigid body world , such as gravity .
Scenes contain objects , so a universal scene has several universal objects .
Similarly , the universal object , contained in the universal scene , is extended to have graphics , physics , and other properties .
The graphics object extension draws the object on screen , and the physics object extension is responsible for the rigid body interaction of the object with other rigid bodies .
For a more detailed diagram showing the relationship between the engine and the systems , refer to Appendix B .
The universal scene and universal objects are also responsible for registering their extensions with the state manager , so that the extensions are notified of changes made by other extensions ( that is , other systems ) .
For example , the graphics extension would be registered to receive notification of position and orientation changes made by the physics extension .
The Managers
The managers provide global functionality within the engine and are implemented as singletons ; that is , only one instantiation is made available for each type of manager .
Managers are singletons because duplication of their resources can cause redundancy , leading to potential processing performance implications .
Singletons provide common functionality that is usable across all the systems .
Task Manager
The task manager handles the scheduling of a system 's task within its thread pool .
The thread pool creates one thread per processor to get the best possible n- way scaling to processors .
The task manager also prevents over - subscription , which avoid unnecessary task switching within the OS .
The task manager receives from the scheduler its list of tasks to execute , as well as which tasks to wait for execution to complete .
The scheduler gets its list of tasks to execute from the different systems themselves .
Each system has only one primary task ; this is called functional decomposition .
Each primary task can issue as many sub - tasks as it wants for operating on its data ; this is called data decomposition .
Figure 6 shows how the task manager could issue tasks onto threads for execution on a quad - core ( four - thread ) system :
Figure 6 .
An example of the task manager 's four - thread pool .
Aside from access by the scheduler for issuing primary tasks , the task manager also has an initialization mode in which it calls systems serially from each thread so that the systems can initialize any local storage they require for execution .
For help getting started on implementing a task manager , refer to Appendix D .
State Manager
State management is part of the messaging mechanism that tracks and distributes change notifications made by a system to other interested systems .
To reduce unnecessary change notification broadcasts , systems must register with the state manager for the changes they want to receive .
This mechanism is based on the observer design pattern , which is described in more detail in Appendix C .
The basic premise of the observer design pattern is an observer observing a subject for any changes , with a change controller acting as a mediator between the two .
Here 's how the mechanism works :
1 . The observer registers the subject it wants to observe with the change controller ( or state manager ) .
2 . When the subject has changed one of its properties , it sends a change notification to the change controller .
3 . The change controller , when requested by the framework , distributes the subject 's change notification to the observer .
4 . The observer queries the subject for the actual changed data .
The free step mode of operation introduces extra complexities into this mechanism : ( 1 ) The data must be included with the change notification because a system that has modified shared data may still be executing and therefore cannot be queried for its value .
( 2 ) If a system is not yet ready to receive the changes at the end of a clock tick , the state manager will need to hold onto that data until all systems registered for it are finally ready to receive it .
The framework implements two state managers - one for handling changes on the scene level and another for handling changes on the object level .
Because the scenes and objects , for the most part , have different messages that are relevant to them , separating them removes the need to process unnecessary messages .
However , any object changes that are relevant to the scene will be registered with the scene so that it will receive those change notifications .
To remove any synchronization overhead , the state manager has a change queue for each thread created by the task manager .
No synchronization is required when accessing the queue .
The queues can then be merged after execution using the method described in the Data Synchronization section .
Although it seems that change notifications would have to be distributed serially , this action can be parallelized .
When systems are executing their tasks they operate across all their objects .
For example , the physics system is moving around objects , checking for collisions , and setting new forces as physics objects interact with each other .
During change notification , a system 's object is no longer interacting with other objects from its own system , but is now interacting with other extensions in the universal object it is associated with .
This means that universal objects are now independent of each other , so each universal object can be updated in parallel .
Take note , though , that there may be some corner cases that need to be accounted for with synchronization .
Still , something that once looked hopelessly serial can now get at least some parallelization .
Figure 7 .
An internal UObject change notification .
Service Manager
The service manager provides access to functionality to systems that are external to their implementations .
The service manager does not provide this directly but has the interfaces defined for it , and any systems that implement the exposed interface functionality will register themselves with the service manager .
Only a small set of services is available because the design of the engine is to keep the systems running as discretely as possible .
Also , the systems are not free to provide any service they so choose , but only the ones that the service manager provides .
The service manager also gives the different systems access to each other 's properties .
Properties are values of each system that are specific to a system and are therefore not passed in the messaging system .
Examples : the screen resolution of the graphics system or the gravity value of the physics system .
The service manager gives the systems access to these properties without giving the systems direct control over them .
The property changes are queued and are issued only during serial execution .
Accessing another system 's properties is a rare occurrence and should not be used as common practice .
This is made available for properties or functionality that does not change from frame to frame .
Examples : the console window turning on and off the wireframe mode in the graphics system or the user interface system changing the screen resolution as requested by the user .
Figure 8 .
An example of the service manager .
Environment Manager
The environment manager provides the functionality for the engine 's running environment .
The function groups provided by the environment manager are :
Variables .
The variable names and data that are shared across the entire engine .
The variables are usually set upon loading a scene or user settings , and are queried in the engine and by the different systems .
Execution .
Information about the execution , such as the end of a scene or the program .
This can be set or queried by either the engine or the systems .
Platform Manager
The platform manager handles all OS call abstraction and also provides added functionality beyond just a simple abstraction .
This gives the benefit of encapsulating several common functional steps within one call , instead of all the callers having to implement them or know about the nuances of the OS calls .
An example is the call in the platform manager to load a system 's dynamic library .
In addition to loading a system in , the platform manager also gets the function entry points and then calls the library 's initialization function .
It also keeps around a handle to the library , unloading it upon exiting the engine .
The platform manager provides information about the processor , such as which instructions sets are supported , frequency , and cache sizes .
The platform manager also initializes some of the behavior for the executing process , such as the operation of floating - point denormals ( or subnormal numbers ) .
Interfaces
The interfaces are the way the framework , the managers , and the systems communicate with each other .
The framework and the managers reside within the engine , and therefore the framework has direct access to the managers .
The systems , however , reside outside of the engine and have different functionality from one another , making it necessary to have a common method for accessing them .
Also , the systems do not have direct access to the managers , so the systems also need a method for accessing the managers .
Systems do not require access to the full functionality of the managers , as certain items should only be accessible to the framework .
The interfaces provide a set functionality that needs to be implemented in order to have a common method of access .
This makes it unnecessary for the framework to know the details about a specific system as it can communicate to it through a known set of calls .
Subject and Observer
The subject and observer interfaces register the observer with the subject and pass the change notifications from the subject to the observer .
A default subject implementation is also provided because the functionality to handle observer registration / de-registration is common to all subjects .
Manager
The managers , even though they are singletons , are only directly available to the framework ; the different systems cannot access them .
In order to provide access , each manager would have an interface that exposes a subset of its functionality .
The interface would then be passed to the system when it gets initialized and the systems would then have access to a subset of the manager .
The interface defined is dependent upon the manager and therefore is not a common interface but specific to that manager .
System
The systems need to implement interfaces in order for the framework to get access to its components .
Without system interfaces , the framework would have to implement a specific implementation of each new system that gets added to the engine .
A system has four components ; in turn , a system must implement four interfaces .
System interface .
Provides methods for creating and destroying scenes .
Scene interfaces .
Provide methods for creating and destroying objects and a method for retrieving the primary task .
Object interfaces .
Typically associated with what is visible on - screen to the user .
Task interface .
Used by the task manager when issuing tasks within its thread pool .
The scene and object interfaces also derive from the subject and observer interfaces because these are the pieces of the system that need to communicate not only with one another , but also with the universal scene and objects to which they are attached .
Change
Change interfaces are special interfaces that are used for passing data between the systems .
Any systems that make these specific modifications must also implement the interface .
For example , the geometry interface has methods for retrieving the position , orientation , and scale for a certain item .
Any systems that make modifications to geometry would need to implement this interface so that a different system would be able to access the geometry changes without needing to know about the other system .
Systems
The systems provide the game functionality to the engine .
Without them , the engine would just spin endlessly without any tasks to perform .
To keep the engine from having to know about the different system types , systems must implement the interfaces described in the System section .
This makes it simpler to add a new system to the engine because the engine does n't need to know about the details .
Types
The engine should have some predefined systems types for standard game components .
Examples : geometry , graphics , physics ( rigid body collision ) , audio , input , AI , and animation .
A custom type is also recommended for systems that implement functionality outside the common functional blocks in a game .
Any systems that modify the custom type 's specific data items will need to know about the custom type 's interface because the engine does not provide this information .
System Components
A system has several components that need to be implemented : system , scene , object , and task .
These components are all used to communicate with the different sections within the engine ( Figure 9 ) .
Figure 9 .
The relationship between the system components .
For a more detailed diagram of the systems ' relationship , refer to Appendix A .
System
The system component , or system , initializes the system resources that will remain more or less constant throughout the engine 's execution .
For example , the graphics system analyzes the passed - in resource locations to determine where they are located for quicker loading upon use of a resource .
The screen resolution is another item set by the graphics system .
The system is also the main entry point for the framework and provides information about itself , such as its type , and methods for scene creation and destruction .
Scene
The scene component , also known as a system scene , handles the resources that are pertinent to the existing scene .
The universal scene uses this scene as an extension of its functionality to make available the properties this system scene provides .
An example of this component is the physics scene creating a new world and setting the gravity for the world upon scene initialization .
The scene provides methods for object creation and destruction .
It also owns the task component , which is used to operate on the scene .
Object
The object component , also called a system object , is an object within the scene and is typically associated with what is visible to the user on - screen .
The universal object uses the system object as an extension of its functionality , described in " Universal Scene and Objects " , to allow the properties this object provides to be exposed via the universal object .
For example , a universal object could extend geometry , graphics , and physics to create a beam of wood on - screen .
The geometry system would hold the position , orientation , and scale information of the object .
The graphics system would display the beam on - screen using the given mesh , and the physics system would apply rigid body collision to the beam so that it would correctly interact with other objects and with gravity .
In certain situations a system object may be interested in the changes of a different universal object , or one of the universal object 's extensions .
In this case a link can be established so that the system object can observe the other object .
Task
The task component , referred to as a system task , operates on the scene .
When the task receives a command to update from the task manager , the task performs the system 's functionality on the objects within the scene .
The task can also choose to subdivide its execution into subtasks and schedule the subtasks with the task manager for even more threaded execution .
Doing this allows the engine to scale more readily to a configuration with multiple processors .
This technique is known as data decomposition .
During the task 's update of the scene , any modifications done to its objects are posted to the state manager .
Tying It All Together
The engine execution can be broken up into several stages : initialization , scene loading , and game loop .
Initialization
Engine execution begins by initializing the managers and the framework .
1 . The framework calls the scene loader to load in the scene .
2 . The loader determines what systems the scene is using , and then calls the platform manager to load those modules .
3 . The platform manager loads the modules , passes in the manager interfaces , and then calls into them to create a new system .
4 . The system module returns a pointer to the instantiated system that implements the system interface .
5 . The system module registers any services it provides with the service manager .
Figure 10 .
The engine manager and system initializations .
Scene - Loading
Control returns to the loader , which loads the scene .
1 . The loader creates a universal scene and calls each system interface to instantiate system scenes , extending the functionality of the universal scene .
2 . The universal scene checks each system scene for any shared data changes they could make and for shared data changes they want to receive .
3 . The universal scene then registers the matching system scenes with the state manager so they will be notified of the changes .
4 . The loader creates a universal object for each object in the scene and determines which systems will be extending the universal object .
The universal object follows a similar system object registration pattern with the state manager , as occurs for the universal scene .
5 . The loader instantiates system objects via the system scene interfaces it previously received and extends the universal objects with the system objects .
6 . The scheduler then queries the system scene interfaces for their primary tasks because the scheduler is responsible for issuing the primary tasks to the task manager during execution .
Figure 11 .
The universal scene and object initializations .
Game Loop
The main game loop begins processing .
1 . The platform manager is called to process all window messages and other platform - specific items that are needed for operation on the current platform .
2. Execution is then transferred to the scheduler , which waits for the clock time to expire before proceeding .
3 . The scheduler , for free step mode , checks which of the system tasks completed execution in the previous clock .
All tasks that have finished ( that is , they are ready to execute ) get issued to the task manager .
4 . The scheduler now determines which tasks will complete on the current clock and waits for completion of those tasks .
5 . For lock step mode , the scheduler issues all tasks and waits for them to complete for each clock step .
Task Execution
Execution is transferred to the task manager .
1 . The task manager queues all submitted tasks and starts processing each one as threads become available .
( Task processing is specific to each system .
Systems can operate using only one task or they can issue more tasks which get queued in the task manager , thus potentially getting executed in parallel ) .
2 . As tasks execute they operate on the entire scene or on specific objects and modify their internal data structures .
3 . Any data that is considered shared , such as position and orientation , need to be propagated to the other systems .
To do this , the system task has the system scene or system object ( whichever was changed ) inform their observer of the change .
In this case the observer is actually the change controller located in the state manager .
4 . The change controller queues the change information to be processed later , but change types that the observer is not interested in are simply ignored .
5 . If the task needs any services it goes through the service manager to call into the provided service .
The service manager can also be used to change the property of a different system that is n't exposed via the messaging mechanism ( that is , the user input system changes the screen resolution of the graphics system ) .
6 . Tasks can also call into the environment manager to read environment variables , and change the runtime state ( pause execution , go to next scene , and so on ) .
Figure 12 .
The task manager and tasks .
Distribution
Once all tasks targeted for the current clock have completed execution , the main loop calls the state manager to distribute the changes .
1 . The state manager calls each of its change controllers to distribute the changes they have queued .
This is done by going through each subject 's changes and seeing which observer was listening to that subject .
2 . The change controller then calls the observer informing it of the change ( a pointer to the subject 's interface is also passed to the observer ) .
For free step mode the observer gets the changed data from the change controller , but for lock step mode the observer queries the subject for the data .
3 . The observers that are interested in the changes done by a system object will typically be other system objects that are attached to the same universal object .
This makes it possible for the change distribution to be broken up into tasks for execution in parallel .
To limit synchronization , any universal objects ' extensions that are linked should be grouped together in a task .
Runtime Check and Exit
The final step of the main loop is to check the runtime 's state , which might be run , pause , or next scene .
If the runtime state is set to run , it will repeat the entire game loop .
If the runtime is set to exit , it exits the game loop , frees up resources , and exits the application .
Final Thoughts
Designing systems for functional decomposition , coupled with data decomposition , will deliver a good amount of parallelization and also ensure scalability with future processors that have an even larger number of cores .
Remember to use the state manager along with the messaging mechanism to keep the data in sync with only minimal synchronization overhead .
The observer design pattern is a function of the messaging mechanism , and some time should be spent learning it .
With experience , the most efficient design possible can be implemented to address the engine 's needs .
After all , the observer design pattern is the mechanism of communication between the different systems to synchronize all shared data .
Tasking plays an important role in proper load balancing .
Follow the tips in Appendix D to create an efficient task manager for your engine .
Designing a highly parallel engine is a manageable task if you use clearly defined messaging and structure .
Properly building parallelism into your game engine will give it significant performance gains on modern and future processors .
Appendix A
Example of an Engine Diagram
This diagram gives an example of how the different systems are connected to the engine .
All communication between the engine and the systems goes through a common interface .
Systems are loaded via the platform manager ( not shown ) .
The engine manager and system initializations .
Appendix B
Engine and System Relationship Diagram
Appendix C
The Observer Design Pattern
The observer design pattern is documented in Design Patterns : Elements of Reusable Object - Oriented Software .
With this pattern , any items interested in data or state changes in other items do not have to poll the items from time to time to see if there are any changes .
The pattern ( Figure 13 ) defines a subject and an observer that are used for the change notification - the observer observes a subject for any changes .
The change controller acts as a mediator between the two .
Figure 13 .
The observer design pattern .
1 . The observer , via the change controller , registers itself with the subject for which it wants to observe changes .
2 . The change controller is actually an observer .
Instead of registering the observer with the subject it registers itself with the subject and keeps its own list of which observers are registered with which subject .
3 . The subject inserts the observer ( actually the change controller ) in its list of observers that are interested in it ; optionally there can also be a change type that identifies what type of changes the observer is interested in - this helps speed up the change notification distribution process .
4 . When the subject makes a change to its data or state it notifies the observer via a callback mechanism and passes information of the types that were changed .
5 . The change controller queues the change notifications and waits for the signal to distribute them .
6 . During distribution the change controller calls the actual observers .
7 . The observers query the subject for the changed data or state ( or get the data from the message ) .
8 . When the observer is no longer interested in the subject or is being destroyed , it deregisters itself from the subject via the change controller .
Appendix D
Tips on Implementing Tasks
Although task distribution can be implemented in many ways , try to keep the number of worker threads equal to the number of available logical processors of the platform .
Avoid setting the affinity of tasks to a specific thread , because the tasks from the different systems will not complete at the same time .
Specific affinities can lead to a load imbalance among the worker threads , effectively reducing your parallelization .
Also , consider using a tasking library , such as Intel® Threading Building Blocks , which can simplify task distribution .
Two optimizations can be done in the task manager to ensure CPU - friendly execution of the different task submitted .
Reverse Issuing .
If the order of primary tasks being issued is fairly static , the tasks can be alternately issued in reverse order from frame to frame .
The last task to execute in a previous frame will more than likely still have its data in the cache , so issuing the tasks in reverse order for the next frame will all but guarantee that the CPU caches will not have to be repopulated with the correct data .
Cache Sharing .
Some multi-core processors have their shared cache split into sections , so that two processors may share a cache , while another two share a separate cache .
Issuing sub - tasks from the same system onto processors sharing a cache increases the likelihood that the data will already be in the shared cache .
Bibliography
Gamma , Erich , Richard Helm , Ralph Johnson , and John M. Vlissides .
Design Patterns : Elements of Reusable Object - Oriented Software .
USA : Addison - Wesley , 1994 .
Intel® Threading Building Blocks ( TBB ) .
Available from : http://www.threadingbuildingblocks.org/
Intel and Gamasutra - Visual Computing .
Available from : http://www.gamasutra.com/visualcomputing/
Multi-threaded Game Programming and Hyper- Threading Technology .
Available from : http://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/multithreaded-game-programming-and-hyper-threading-technology
Reinders , James .
Intel Threading Building Blocks .
USA : O'Reilly Media , Inc. , 2007 .
Smoke - Game Technology Demo .
Available from : http://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/smoke-game-technology-demo
Threading Basics for Games .
Available from : http://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/threading-basics-for-games
Threading Methodology : Principles and Practice .
Available from : http://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/threading-methodology-principles-and-practice
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
Роспотребнадзор обвинил некоторые российские банки в злоупотреблении положением и ущемлении прав клиентов , что отразилось в одностороннем повышении кредитных ставок , добавлении новых условий в договоры и запрете вкладчикам распоряжаться собственными деньгами .
Все эти действия обосновывались финансовым кризисом .
" Анали з правоприменительной практик и
Роспотребнадзора показывает , что кредитные организации системно злоупотребляют своим положением заведомо экономически более сильного участника потребительского рынка , что чаще всего выражается во включении в договоры условий , ущемляющих законные интересы граждан и ограничивающих их права как потребителей " , - цитирует РИА " Новости " заявлени е
Федеральной службы по надзору в сфере защиты прав потребителей и благополучия человека .
Специалисты Роспотребнадзора указали , что чаще всего банки в одностороннем порядке повышали заемщикам процентные ставки , отзывали кредиты , запрещали клиентам распоряжаться их собственными деньгами на банковских счетах , передавали данные о должниках коллекторским агентствам и подменяли кредитные договоры отношениями " по кредитным картам " .
" Банки используют наработанные приемы зарубежных " коллег " , показавшие свою исключительную эффективность по относительно " честному " ( то есть без уголовно наказуемых деяний ) зарабатыванию сверхприбылей , - приемы , как правило , давно осужденные международным сообществом как недопустимые в цивилизованном рынке " , - пояснили в Роспотребнадзоре .
В качестве примера недобросовестного поведения на рынке потребительского кредитования был указа н
УРСА Банк , сотрудников которого обвинили в добавлении заведомо незаконных условий в кредитные договоры .
Напомним , что в понедельник некоторых российских банкиров раскритиковал президент РФ Дмитрий Медведев .
Глава государства указал , что крупные холдинги не должны прекращать работу из - за амбиций руководства отдельных банков .
" Мы не можем жертвовать судьбой целых предприятий , работой многотысячных коллективов для удовлетворения амбиций отдельных кредитных учреждений .
Надо прекращать корпоративный эгоизм , - подчеркнул российский лидер во время беседы с первым вице - премьером Игорем Шуваловым .
- Хотите - законодательство меняйте , хотите - в индивидуальном порядке работайте " .
While the local authorities only earned a return on the money they put aside , the value of their total loan was at risk .
The banks could invest all of the money the authority had borrowed through bonds .
If everything went well , the bank would pay a return based on the incremental amounts the local authority was putting into the sinking fund , and keep the rest as profit .
Meghan McCain tells critics : ' Kiss my fat ass ' Rachel Oswald
Published : Monday March 16 , 2009
Print This Email This
After a parade of insults from conservative pundits -- most particularly conservative radio host Laura Ingraham , who called her fat -- the daughter of Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) delivered a smarting rebuke on Monday 's View .
McCain , called Ingraham 's comments " terrible , " adding , " When Tyra Banks went on her show in a bathing suit and said ' kiss my fat ass , ' that 's what I feel like .
Kiss my fat ass ! "
Meghan McCain 's recent criticisms of Ann Coulter as " offensive " and " radical " have n't made her any friends among other female conservative pundits who have by turns criticized her weight and her lack of " fixed ideological principles . "
Laura Ingraham mocked McCain 's weight and called her " just another valley girl gone awry " on her radio show .
Think Progress has the audio of that here .
Pretending to be McCain , Ingraham said in a faux valley girl voice " Ok , I was really hoping that I was going to get that role in the Real World , but then I realized that , well , they dont like plus - sized models .
They only like the women who look a certain way . "
Firing back at Ingraham on Saturday on her blog at The Daily Beast , McCain wrote , " I have been teased about my weight and body figure since I was in middle school , and I decided a very long time ago to embrace what God gave me and live my life positively , attempting to set an example for other girls who may suffer from body image issues . "
She added , " The question remains :
Why , after all this time and all the progress feminists have made , is weight still such an issue ?
And in Lauras case , why in the world would a woman raise it ?
Today , taking shots at a womans weight has become one of the last frontiers in socially accepted prejudice . "
While not stooping to Ingraham 's level in her attacks of McCain , Michelle Malkin chose to criticize the 24 - year - old Columbia University grad for her lack of " fixed ideological principles " and her desire for " liberal approbation , " referring to McCain 's recent appearance on MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show where she continued her criticisms of Coulter .
" You know whats wrong with Meghan McCain ?
It s not her weight .
It s not her voice .
It s not her looks .
Shes a beautiful young girl with TV - friendly poise and natural charm , " wrote Malkin on Sunday .
" The trouble with Meghan McCain is that , like her father , she has no fixed ideological principles  conservative , liberal , or otherwise .
She seems to have inherited the notion that playing the ' maaaaverick ' imparts her with moral authority and credibility as a fresh voice for the GOP . "
Malkin also laid into McCain for a couple of recent Twitters she sent out , where she gushed about her appearance on Maddow 's show and praised liberal firebrand Russell Brand as " freaking hilarious . "
This video is from ABC's The View , broadcast Mar. 16 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
SOURCE : N. RAGHU RAMAN - DNA
Indians flee Dubai as dreams crash
Mumbai / DUBAI - JAN 14 : It 's the great escape by Indians who've hit the dead - end in Dubai .
Local police have found at least 3,000 automobiles -- sedans , SUVs , regulars -- abandoned outside Dubai International Airport in the last four months .
Police say most of the vehicles had keys in the ignition , a clear sign they were left behind by owners in a hurry to take flight .
The global economic crisis has brought Dubai 's economic progress , mirrored by its soaring towers and luxurious resorts , to a stuttering halt .
Several people have been laid off in the past months after the realty boom started unraveling .
On the night of December 31 , 2008 alone more than 80 vehicles were found at the airport .
" Sixty cars were seized on the first day of this year , " director general of Airport Security , Mohammed Bin Thani , told DNA over the phone .
On the same day , deputy director of traffic , colonel Saif Mohair Al Mazroui , said they seized 22 cars abandoned at a prohibited area in the airport .
Faced with a cash crunch and a bleak future ahead , there were no goodbyes for the migrants -- overwhelmingly South Asians , mostly Indians - just a quiet abandoning of the family car at the airport and other places .
While 2,500 vehicles have been found dumped in the past four months outside Terminal III , which caters to all global airlines , Terminal II , which is only used by Emirates Airlines , had 160 cars during the same period .
" The construction and real estate industry has been hit following the global slowdown and the direct fallout is that professionals working in the realty industry are rapidly losing their jobs , " said a senior media professional , in - charge of a realty supplement in Dubai .
" In fact , my weekly real estate supplement usually had 60 % advertisement and ran into 300 - odd pages .
In the last seven weeks , it 's down to 80 pages and with fewer advertisments , " he added .
Mumbai resident D Nair ( name changed ) had been living in a plush highrise in Sharjah for the past four years .
However , the script went horribly wrong when his contract was terminated .
Nair used all his credit cards to their maximum limit , shopping for people back home .
He then discarded his Honda Accord before returning to India for good .
Nair , who stays in a rented apartment in Navi Mumbai today , has a Rs15 lakh loan with a Dubai bank .
Another such victim of the meltdown said he bid goodbye to his car in a small bylane near the airport and hailed a cab .
" I was scared because a number of us were doing the same and did not want to be questioned by the police .
There was no way I could afford to pay the EMI of 1100 Dhirams for my Ford Focus , " he told DNA on condition of anonymity .
A fourteen - year - old boy was killed after the chair he was sitting on exploded , propelling sharp chair parts into his rectum , causing extensive bleeding , which he succumbed to before medical attention could stem the flow .
The accident occurred when the boy was alone , sitting on the chair ( which was for PC use ) ; he managed to overcome the pain and call his father , who summoned an ambulance , but it took an hour to get him to hospital , by which time it was too late for him .
The chair in question was a standard gas cylinder type , where the height is regulated by an adjustable cylinder containing highly pressurised gas , and it was this which exploded , sending high velocity chair parts into the posterior of the unfortunate youth .
In fact , it seems a spate of such incidents were reported at the hospital – 3 such injuries caused by exploding chairs were reported this month , perhaps indicating an influx of poorly manufactured chairs into the area .
In 2007 a similar accident also propelled a 20 cm part into the rear of a 68 - year - old man , who suffered a severe 5 cm wound ; he survived .
The illustrated chair shows the severity of such a cylinder malfunction .
We do not hear where the chair parts in question were made , though of course with the accident occurring in China it is likely there that they were made .
Three factors are implicated in such accidents :
1 . The gas in the cylinder is contaminated with gases other than nitrogen .
2 . The materials used in the cylinder are deficient , reducing the durability of the part .
3 . The cylinder is not completely airtight .
Oil based hydraulic devices are said to be safer , but most such chairs on the market today use gas cylinders ; naturally these tend to be made in China , where this accident occurred .
The boy in question weighed 80kg ( certainly a fair amount for a 14 - year - old Asian youth ) , which might have been a factor ( though this will not reassure heavier framed non-Asian adults ) ; it is suggested that using such chairs without placing excessive pressure on the cylinder is advisable – otherwise sitting on a steel plate might help .
Via Itai News .
GamersDigest have received word from Seb Downie ( Producer over at Guerilla Games ) that the Killzone 2 servers are currently being updated .
“ We are performing a server update and will also be deploying the game update straight after that to fix a number of issues .
The patch will be going live in Europe first and the US later on today . “
The maintenance is expected to last no longer than one hour , you can find an earlier response from GG on some of the game ’s issues here .
UPDATE ;
The patch ( 1.20 ) has been released , it is 16MB , full list of changes below ;
Knitting may help , but watching too much TV could be a problem Engaging in a hobby like reading a book , making a patchwork quilt or even playing computer games can delay the onset of dementia , a US study suggests .
Watching TV however does not count - and indeed spending significant periods of time in front of the box may speed up memory loss , researchers found .
Nearly 200 people aged 70 to 89 with mild memory problems were compared with a group who had no impairment .
The findings are to be presented to an American Academy of Neurology meeting .
The researchers from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota asked the volunteers about their daily activities within the past year and how mentally active they had been between the age of 50 to 65 .
One million people will develop dementia in the next 10 years so there is a desperate need to find ways to prevent dementia
Alzheimer 's Society
Those who had during middle age been busy reading , playing games or engaging in craft hobbies like patchworking or knitting were found to have a 40 % reduced risk of memory impairment .
In later life , those same activities reduced the risk by between 30 and 50 % .
Those who watched TV for less than 7 hours a day were also 50 % less likely to develop memory loss than those who spent longer than that staring at the screen .
" This study is exciting because it demonstrates that ageing does not need to be a passive process , " said study author and neuroscientist Dr Yonas Geda .
" By simply engaging in cognitive exercise , you can protect against future memory loss .
Of course , the challenge with this type of research is that we are relying on past memories of the participants , therefore we need to confirm these findings with additional research . "
Sarah Day , head of public health at the Alzheimer 's Society said : " One million people will develop dementia in the next 10 years so there is a desperate need to find ways to prevent dementia .
" Exercising and challenging your brain - by learning new skills , doing puzzles such as crosswords , and even learning a new language - can be fun .
" However , more research , where people are followed up over time , is needed to understand whether these sorts of activities can reduce the risk of dementia . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As an Epicurean , I require very little to be content : Food , Shelter , Friends and the absence of pain .
All these things have always been generally easy to achieve and as such they are what each person should be able to have .
The fact that so many do not is a telling problem of the disfunctionality of our society .
One could ask : “ As an Epicurean , why do you care what others have ?
After all , if you can achieve a state of ataraxia why should you care if others do the same ? ” .
This is really a moral issue and should be looked in this light .
The question is , how do I go from the descriptive “ My only needs are those which bring me in ataraxia ” to the prescriptive “ Everyone should be able to fulfill the needs that bring them in a state of ataraxia “ .
To go there , we first need to look at my reasons for doing so .
The more people that desire that others are achieving ataraxia , the more likely it is that I will be able to achieve and sustain it through their combined efforts .
Achieving ataraxia allows people to work on achieving the rest of their desires .
Since I ’m trying to make it so that one of those desires is that everyone is achieving ataraxia , then this helps spread this desire as well as happiness which comes from being in this state .
From these we can see that I have reasons to promote the desire ( i.e. it is considered good ) that people should be able to fulfill the needs that bring them in a state of ataraxia .
It becomes a moral value .
So how does this lead to Communism ?
Well , Communism has the ideological proposition that everyone should be producing according to their abilities and receiving according to their needs .
By itself , the second part of the sentence is not very descriptive as anyone can claim the most extraordinary things as needs .
However through the lenses of Epicurism , the needs transform to something objective :
The things one needs to be in a state of ataraxia .
Communism then conflates exactly with the moral value I have reached via Epicurism .
Each of us should be striving to the best of our abilities to help others fulfil their needs .
And since the needs one has on average are the very basic and most easy to create , the effort we would require from each of us for this to be achieved would be minimal .
Of course Communism is more than a ideological proposition .
It also proposes the way a society would be organized ( Classless & Staleless ) which also follow from Epicurism since authority and inequality either lead to emotional pain or to the increased cost of basic needs , making them opposed to the moral value I explained above .
Now to be accurate , I never really moved towards the libertarian socialist quadrant because I looked at the subject philosophically , but rather because intuitively , for someone with an Epicurean mindframe , the concepts of Anarchism / Socialism / Communism fit very well to my moral values .
Only later did it occur to me how much one leads to the other and the dialectic relationship between them .
As much as the Epicurean subconsiously espouses the libertarian socialist mindframe , so does the consistent libertarian socialist require an Epicurean thinking to avoid sliding into authoritarianism or crass individualism ( ie Capitalism )
Related articles by Zemanta
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
ARE PROFESSIONAL SPORTS FIXED ?
Would you leave a multi-billion dollar industry up to chance ?
Stem cell biologists in the US have been waiting for this day for almost 8 years .
With the stroke of a pen , President Barack Obama this morning removed the limits on federal funding of research on human embryonic stem cells ( ESCs ) imposed by his immediate predecessor .
“ What happened today is huge , ” says Kevin Wilson , director of public policy at the American Society for Cell Biology .
“ We ’ve gone from having a small number of cell lines eligible for federal funding to having at least a few hundred . ”
ESCs can develop into any other cell type found in the body , and so have huge potential for use in medicine , to repair lost or damaged tissues .
But some people object to their use on moral grounds because the creation of an ESC line usually involves the destruction of a pre-implantation embryo , just a few days old .
Existing cell lines
As a compromise , President George Bush announced on 9 August 2001 that federal funds would only be made available for research on cell lines derived prior to that date .
Advertisement
From the start , critics argued that the policy would impair progress in research .
And as scientists scrutinised the list of approved lines , it emerged that there were many fewer than the 60 claimed in Bush ’s announcement .
“ It really has limited people , ” says Sean Morrison , who heads the Center for Stem Cell Biology at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .
Separate labs
For US biologists who work on human ESCs , Obama ’s executive order means the end to an administrative nightmare that has seen them set up separate lab space and equipment to ensure that federal dollars are not inadvertently used for research on non-authorised cells .
“ The press has just been here taking pictures of us ripping stickers off our incubators , ” Evan Snyder of the Burnham Institute for Medical Research in La Jolla , California , told New Scientist .
The removal of these restrictions may now convince more researchers to start working on human ESCs .
“ My own research is on adult stem cells , ” says Elaine Fuchs of Rockefeller University in New York City .
“ We have n’t worked with human embryonic stem cells in part because of the hurdles involved . ”
Federal funding restrictions
Obama ’s executive order gives the National Institutes of Health 120 days to establish new guidelines for research on human ESCs and authorises the agency to back this work “ to the extent permitted by law ” .
This frees biologists to work with a wide range of human ESCs – including cell lines created with state and private funding .
But researchers are not expected to be able to use federal grants to create new cell lines .
This is because of a 1996 law called the Dickey - Wicker amendment , attached to the bills approving the NIH ’s budget , which bans funding for research that involves the destruction , injury or death of a human embryo .
Error Message – Missing Page
We ’re sorry !
We ’ve recently conducted a major update to our site and the page you are looking for either has been moved , no longer exists or we have a linking problem .
Click here to return to the homepage .
We apologise for any inconvenience .
" Venezuela and Venezuelans are facing a deep economic and social crisis after Feb 15 , " said Mr Coronel .
" The budget is fiction .
The economy will contract , inflation will increase , devaluation is inevitable , food shortages will kick in as most foodstuffs are imported and Chavez will be forced to cut back on his handouts to his friends .
Make no mistake , this is going to be a very tough year . "
With warmer weather comes mosquitoes .
Mosquitoes suck , no pun intended .
In underdeveloped countries mosquitoes also kill by carrying malaria .
This is why I love the Provector " flower . "
Everything about it is designed to kill .
Advertisement
But why a flower , and not a juicy pseudo - human arm ?
Well , fun fact : Mosquitoes love sucking blood , but they love sucking nectar from flowers even more .
Hence , this deadly flower and its irresistible siren 's song .
Advertisement
From the flower 's " petals , " which use colors that attract different mosquito species , to the special environmentally friendly
Bt pesticide that resides at its center , everything has been engineered by Thomas Kollars , of the Georgia Southern University at Statesboro , to attract and kill those flying six legged devils ( Bt specifically targets mosquitoes ) .
Even the tiny screen at the center of the flower is specially engineered :
The tiny holes are only large enough for the mosquito's tube - shaped mouth ( the proboscis ) to get through , thereby ensuring ants and other creepy crawlies wo n't get accidentally snared in this trap too .
The Provector is currently being tested in the wilds of Puerto Rico .
We 'll know if this deadly " flower " was a success next month at the American Mosquito Control Association meeting in New Orleans .
[ New Scientist ]
As some of our readers have already noticed , there was a significant problem with the daily sea ice data images on February 16 .
The problem arose from a malfunction of the satellite sensor we use for our daily sea ice products .
Upon further investigation , we discovered that starting around early January , an error known as sensor drift caused a slowly growing underestimation of Arctic sea ice extent .
The underestimation reached approximately 500,000 square kilometers ( 193,000 square miles ) by mid-February .
Sensor drift , although infrequent , does occasionally occur and it is one of the things that we account for during quality control measures prior to archiving the data .
See below for more details .
We have removed the most recent data and are investigating alternative data sources that will provide correct results .
It is not clear when we will have data back online , but we are working to resolve the issue as quickly as possible .
Figure 1 . Daily Arctic sea ice extent map for February 15 , 2009 , showed areas of open water which should have appeared as sea ice .
Sea Ice Index data .
About the data — Credit : National Snow and Ice Data Center
High - resolution image
Where does NSIDC get its data ?
NSIDC gets sea ice information by applying algorithms to data from a series of Special Sensor Microwave / Imager ( SSM / I ) sensors on Defense Meteorological Satellite Program ( DMSP ) satellites .
These satellites are operated by the U.S. Department of Defense .
Their primary mission is support of U.S. military operations ; the data were n’t originally intended for general science use .
The daily updates in Arctic Sea Ice News & Analysis rely on rapid acquisition and processing of the SSM / I data .
Because the acquisition and processing are done in near - real time , we publish the daily data essentially as is .
The data are then archived and later subjected to very strict quality control .
We perform quality control measures in coordination with scientists at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center , which can take up to a year .
High - quality archives from SSM / I , combined with data from the earlier Scanning Multi- channel Microwave Radiometer ( SMMR ) data stream ( 1979 –1987 ) provide a consistent record of sea ice conditions now spanning 30 years .
Figure 2 . Daily total Arctic sea ice extent between 1 December 2008 and 12 February 2009 for Special Sensor Microwave / Imager SSM / I compared to the similar NASA Earth Observing System Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer ( EOS AMSR-E ) sensor .
— Credit : National Snow and Ice Data Center
High - resolution image
Data error sources
As discussed above , near - real - time products do not undergo the same level of quality control as the final archived products , which are used in scientific research published in peer - reviewed journals .
However , the SSM / I sensors have proven themselves to be generally quite stable .
Thus , it is reasonable to use the near - real - time products for displaying evolving ice conditions , with the caveat that errors may nevertheless occur .
Sometimes errors are dramatic and obvious .
Other errors , such as the recent sensor drift , may be subtler and not immediately apparent .
We caution users of the near - real - time products that any conclusions from such data must be preliminary .
We believe that the potential problems are outweighed by the scientific value of providing timely assessments of current Arctic sea ice conditions , as long as they are presented with appropriate caveats , which we try to do .
For several years , we used the SSM / I sensor on the DMSP F13 satellite .
Last year , F13 started showing large amounts of missing data .
The sensor was almost 13 years old , and no longer provided complete daily data to allow us to track total daily sea ice extent .
As a result , we switched to the DMSP F15 sensor for our near - real - time analysis .
For more information on the switch , see “ Note on satellite update and intercalibration , ” in our June 3 , 2008 post .
On February 16 , 2009 , as emails came in from puzzled readers , it became clear that there was a significant problem — sea - ice - covered regions were showing up as open ocean .
The problem stemmed from a failure of the sea ice algorithm caused by degradation of one of the DMSP F15 sensor channels .
Upon further investigation , we found that data quality had begun to degrade over the month preceding the catastrophic failure .
As a result , our processes underestimated total sea ice extent for the affected period .
Based on comparisons with sea ice extent derived from the NASA Earth Observing System Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer ( EOS AMSR-E ) sensor , this underestimation grew from a negligible amount in early January to about 500,000 square kilometers ( 193,000 square miles ) by mid-February ( Figure 2 ) .
While dramatic , the underestimated values were not outside of expected variability until Monday , February 16 .
Although we believe that data prior to early January are reliable , we will conduct a full quality check in the coming days .
Sensor drift is a perfect but unfortunate example of the problems encountered in near - real - time analysis .
We stress , however , that this error in no way changes the scientific conclusions about the long - term decline of Arctic sea ice , which is based on the the consistent , quality - controlled data archive discussed above .
We are actively investigating how to address the problem .
Since we are not receiving good DMSP SSM / I data at the present time , we have temporarily discontinued daily updates .
We will restart the data stream as soon as possible .
Some people might ask why we do n’t simply switch to the EOS AMSR - E sensor .
AMSR -E is a newer and more accurate passive microwave sensor .
However , we do not use AMSR - E data in our analysis because it is not consistent with our historical data .
Thus , while AMSR - E gives us greater accuracy and more confidence on current sea ice conditions , it actually provides less accuracy on the long - term changes over the past thirty years .
There is a balance between being as accurate as possible at any given moment and being as consistent as possible through long time periods .
Our main scientific focus is on the long - term changes in Arctic sea ice .
With that in mind , we have chosen to continue using the SSM / I sensor , which provides the longest record of Arctic sea ice extent .
For more information on the NSIDC sea ice data , see the following resources on the NSIDC Web site :
Dangerous Jobs
Your job may seem boring , but , hey , at least it is n't dangerous .
As a whole , work fatalities dropped to 5,488 in 2007 from 5,840 in the previous year , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Take a look at the ten deadliest jobs in America , ranked by fatality rate ( the number of deaths per 100,000 workers ) .
Your job may seem boring , but , hey , at least it is n't dangerous .
As a whole , work fatalities dropped to 5,488 in 2007 from 5,840 in the previous year , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Take a look at the ten deadliest jobs in America , ranked by fatality rate ( the number of deaths per 100,000 workers ) .
10 . Police & Sheriff ’s Patrol Officers
: 21.4 : 143
Though danger comes with the territory , law enforcement is safer than you might think .
Photo : Scott Davidson
Fatality rate : 21.4
Total deaths : 143
Though danger comes with the territory , law enforcement is safer than you might think .
9. Refuse & Recyclable Material Collectors
: 22.8 : 18 Despite more intensive safety measures that have helped to lower the fatality rate since 2006 , garbage collectors are still exposed to harmful chemicals and dangerous machinery .
Photo : Dan DeLuca
Fatality rate : 22.8
Total deaths : 18
Despite more intensive safety measures that have helped to lower the fatality rate since 2006 , garbage collectors are still exposed to harmful chemicals and dangerous machinery .
8. Driver / Sales Workers & Truck Drivers
26.2 : 908
Truck drivers travel long distances for many hours , increasing the likelihood of highway accidents .
Photo : Thomas
Fatality rate : 26.2
Total deaths : 908
Truck drivers travel long distances for many hours , increasing the likelihood of highway accidents .
7. Electrical Power - Line Installers & Repairers
: 29.1 : 30 Dangers include falls from tall electrical towers and electrocution from high - voltage power lines .
Photo : Carol Cotter
Fatality rate : 29.1
Total deaths : 30
Dangers include falls from tall electrical towers and electrocution from high - voltage power lines .
6. Roofers
: 29.4 : 79 Falls from ladders , scaffolds and roofs are the main cause .
Photo : Stefan Jansson
Fatality rate : 29.4
Total deaths : 79
Falls from ladders , scaffolds and roofs are the main cause .
5. Farmers & Ranchers
: 38.4 : 285 Farming may sound tame , but working with heavy machinery and harmful chemicals makes this job risky .
Photo : AP
Fatality rate : 38.4
Total deaths : 285
Farming may sound tame , but working with heavy machinery and harmful chemicals makes this job risky .
4. Structural Iron & Steel Workers
: 45.5 : 40 Despite using safety harnesses and scaffolding when working at great heights , steel workers are still at risk to deadly falls .
Photo : Greg Younger
Fatality rate : 45.5
Total deaths : 40
Despite using safety harnesses and scaffolding when working at great heights , steel workers are still at risk to deadly falls .
3. Aircraft Pilots & Flight Engineers
: 66.7 : 82 Especially at risk are test pilots who fly new or experimental planes , crop -duster pilots that may be exposed to harmful chemicals and those who operate rescue helicopters .
Photo : Axel Buhrmann
Fatality rate : 66.7
Total deaths : 82
Especially at risk are test pilots who fly new or experimental planes , crop -duster pilots that may be exposed to harmful chemicals and those who operate rescue helicopters .
2. Logging Workers
: 86.4 : 76 Responsible for cutting and hauling trees , logging workers can suffer fatal harm from falling branches and heavy machinery .
Bad weather is also a contributing factor .
Photo : AP
Fatality rate : 86.4
Total deaths : 76
Responsible for cutting and hauling trees , logging workers can suffer fatal harm from falling branches and heavy machinery .
Bad weather is also a contributing factor .
1. Fishers & Related Fishing Workers
Paired black holes are theorized to be common , but have escaped detection — until now .
Astronomers Todd Boroson and Tod Lauer , from the National Optical Astronomy Observatory ( NOAO ) in Tucson , Arizona , have found what looks like two massive black holes orbiting each other in the center of one galaxy .
Their discovery appears in this week ’s issue of Nature .
Astronomers have long suspected that most large galaxies harbor black holes at their center , and that most galaxies have undergone some kind of merger in their lifetime .
But while binary black hole systems should be common , they have proved hard to find .
Boroson and Lauer believe they ’ve found a galaxy that contains two black holes , which orbit each other every 100 years or so .
They appear to be separated by only 1/10 of a parsec , a tenth of the distance from Earth to the nearest star .
After a galaxy forms , it is likely that a massive black hole can also form at its center .
Since many galaxies are found in cluster of galaxies , individual galaxies can collide with each other as they orbit in the cluster .
The mystery is what happens to these central black holes when galaxies collide and ultimately merge together .
Theory predicts that they will orbit each other and eventually merge into an even larger black hole .
“ Previous work has identified potential examples of black holes on their way to merging , but the case presented by Boroson and Lauer is special because the pairing is tighter and the evidence much stronger , ” wrote Jon Miller , a University of Michigan astronomer , in an accompanying editorial .
The material falling into a black hole emits light in narrow wavelength regions , forming emission lines which can be seen when the light is dispersed into a spectrum .
The emission lines carry the information about the speed and direction of the black hole and the material falling into it .
If two black holes are present , they would orbit each other before merging and would have a characteristic dual signature in their emission lines .
This signature has now been found .
The smaller black hole has a mass 20 million times that of the sun ; the larger one is 50 times bigger , as determined by the their orbital velocities .
Boroson and Lauer used data from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey , a 2.5 - meter ( 8 - foot ) diameter telescope at Apache Point in southern New Mexico to look for this characteristic dual black hole signature among 17,500 quasars .
Quasars are the most luminous versions of the general class of objects known as active galaxies , which can be a hundred times brighter than our Milky Way galaxy , and powered by the accretion of material into supermassive black holes in their nuclei .
Astronomers have found more than 100,000 quasars .
Boroson and Lauer had to eliminate the possibility that they were seeing two galaxies , each with its own black hole , superimposed on each other .
To try to eliminate this superposition possibility , they determined that the quasars were at the same red - shift determined distance and that there was a signature of only one host galaxy .
“ The double set of broad emission lines is pretty conclusive evidence of two black holes , ” Boroson said .
“ If in fact this were a chance superposition , one of the objects must be quite peculiar .
One nice thing about this binary black hole system is that we predict that we will see observable velocity changes within a few years at most .
We can test our explanation that the binary black hole system is embedded in a galaxy that is itself the result of a merger of two smaller galaxies , each of which contained one of the two black holes . ”
LEAD IMAGE CAPTION ( more ) : Artist ’s conception of the binary supermassive black hole system .
Each black hole is surrounded by a disk of material gradually spiraling into its grasp , releasing radiation from x-rays to radio waves .
The two black holes complete an orbit around their center of mass every 100 years , traveling with a relative velocity of 6000 kilometers ( 3,728 miles ) per second .
( Credit P. Marenfeld , NOAO )
Source : NOAO
Scofflaw Geithner sets a poor example
Treasury Secretary - designate Timothy Geithner gestures while testifying on Capitol Hill in Washington , Wednesday , Jan. 21 , 2009 , before the Senate Finance Committee hearing on his nomination .
( AP Photo / Pablo Martinez Monsivais ) less Treasury Secretary - designate Timothy Geithner gestures while testifying on Capitol Hill in Washington , Wednesday , Jan. 21 , 2009 , before the Senate Finance Committee hearing on his nomination .
( AP Photo / Pablo ... more Photo : Pablo Martinez Monsivais , AP Photo : Pablo Martinez Monsivais , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Scofflaw Geithner sets a poor example 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
In his inauguration speech , President Obama singled out " honesty and hard work , courage and fair play , tolerance and patriotism " as " those values upon which our success depends . "
So why did Obama nominate a tax scofflaw to head the U.S. Treasury , which oversees the Internal Revenue Service ?
In a confirmation hearing Wednesday , the Senate Finance Committee grilled Timothy Geithner , Obama 's pick for Treasury secretary , about his tax problems and the nation 's dire financial situation .
The committee could vote on his nomination today with a vote by the full Senate coming next week .
The tax issue : Geithner , who now heads the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , failed to pay Social Security and Medicare taxes when they were due on income he received from the International Monetary Fund between 2001 and 2004 .
Geithner was a regular employee of the IMF , but because it is an international organization , it is not required to withhold Social Security and Medicare tax from worker paychecks .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Instead , IMF employees are required to pay these taxes on their own , as if they are self - employed .
They must pay both the employer 's and the employee 's share , which adds up to 15.3 percent of wages .
The IMF reimburses them for the employer 's half , but makes it clear that employees must pay the full amount .
The IMF goes to " great lengths " to make sure employees comply with their U.S. tax obligations , Sen Jim Bunning , R - Ky. , said Wednesday .
Audit shows errors
Geithner acknowledged receiving the tax reimbursement , but paid no self - employment tax for 2001 through 2004 .
In 2006 , he was audited for 2003 and 2004 and agreed to pay $ 16,732 in back self - employment taxes plus interest , according to a Finance Committee document .
Penalties were waived .
The audit uncovered a few other errors he had made .
Tax experts say the IRS probably did n't look at his earlier returns because it generally has three years from the date a return is filed to audit it unless fraud is involved .
After the election , when he surfaced as a candidate for Treasury secretary , Geithner paid $ 25,970 in back taxes and interest for 2001 and 2002 .
Obama 's staff told senators about it Dec. 5 .
Obama has said Geithner made an " innocent mistake . "
Geithner said he did his own taxes using TurboTax in 2001 and 2002 .
For 2003 and 2004 , he used an accountant who told him he did n't owe self - employment taxes .
But he took responsibility for the errors Wednesday .
They were " careless mistakes , avoidable mistakes , but they were unintentional .
I should have been more careful .
I take full responsibility for them .
I have gone back and corrected the errors ; I have paid what I owed , " he said .
If Geithner was being considered to head the Agriculture Department , it might be easier to understand or overlook his tax errors .
But the duties of the Treasury Department , according to its Web site , include : managing federal finances ; collecting taxes and paying bills ; managing the public debt ; supervising national banks ; advising on financial , monetary , economic , trade and tax policy ; enforcing federal finance and tax laws ; along with investigating and prosecuting tax evaders , counterfeiters , and forgers .
If Geithner can't do his taxes right , how can he expect others to ?
IRS Taxpayer Advocate Nina Olson has complained for years about the tax code 's complexity .
In her annual report to Congress this year , she called it the top problem facing taxpayers .
But paying self - employment tax is not one of the more arcane parts of the code .
" The complexity of the law could not be the contributing factor ( in Geithner 's case ) .
We are talking about a pretty financially savvy person , " says Robert Willens , a tax consultant to Wall Street firms .
Yet Willens predicts Geithner will be confirmed because it would be dangerous to be without a Treasury secretary right now .
" In these times , I certainly am willing to overlook it because the markets do have confidence in him as a policymaker , " he said .
David Kotok , chief investment officer with Cumberland Advisors , does not think Geithner should be confirmed , but thinks that he will be .
" I do n't believe there is only one person in the country who is the person for this job , " he said .
" They had time to consider others .
That is what bothered me .
The president was prepared for the criticism and endorsed him . "
He points out that Zoe Baird and Kimba Wood - Bill Clinton 's first two nominees for attorney general in 1993 - were forced to withdraw from consideration because they had employed undocumented nannies .
Unlike Baird , Wood paid Social Security tax on her nanny and hired her at a time when it was not illegal to do so .
It 's not ' pay when caught '
I believe that hiring a man who failed to do his taxes right will set a terrible example .
Our tax system is built on the premise of pay when due , not pay when caught .
In 2007 , Olson told Congress , " Noncompliance has a corrosive effect on tax compliance .
If compliant taxpayers believe that everyone else is paying his or her fair share , they are likely to remain compliant .
But no one wants to feel like a ' tax chump . '
If compliant taxpayers feel like they are overpaying , some will reach a point where they resent it and stop complying or comply at a lower level . "
If Obama wants to borrow hundreds of billions of dollars for a stimulus plan , our nation is going to need every possible tax dollar to pay it back .
I no longer post at this blog , but you can see my new blog at
But some actors ' beginnings can be attributed to not hard work , but sheer chance or accident .
Such as ...
Hollywood is filled with plenty of rags to riches stories .
Jim Carey worked as a janitor , Demi Moore was a debt collector , Brad Pitt used to wear a chicken suit while handing out fliers and Sharon Stone worked ( works ? ) at a McDonald's .
7 Mel Gibson
Even though he 's turned into a walking punchline the last few years , there 's no denying Mel Gibson will go down as one of the biggest stars in Hollywood history .
His movies have made two billion dollars in the US alone and he 's got two Oscars to go with it .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But Gibson 's accidental stumble into stardom started in New York , where he was born ( not Australia , as it turns out ) .
Gibson 's father , Hutton , filed a lawsuit against the city and won .
After collecting his money , he moved his family to Australia .
It was in this dingo - infested continent that a young Mel started to dabble in acting , and would get his big break due to a ridiculous , drunken stroke of luck .
What Happened ?
Gibson went to the National Institute of Dramatic Art in Sydney .
There he would perform in some stage productions , including the male lead in Romeo and Juliet , with Judy Davis as his co-star .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
However , Gibson did n't consider a film career until a friend told him he needed a lift to audition for a movie .
It was about a desolate , waste of a world in which gasoline is hunted by gay bikers .
Apparently , he still was n't considering a film career , because the night before the audition , Gibson got into a drunken brawl at a bar .
He dragged himself to the audition sporting a face full of fist shaped bruises .
The director happened to catch sight of his sorry ass .
Deciding that he already looked like he was living in a dystopian future , he asked him to come back because , as he put it , the film " needed freaks . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
When Gibson did return , his wounds had healed into an unrecognizable mask of handsome manliness .
The director asked Gibson to read for the only character who does n't look like a blistered freak , and he landed the titular role in Mad Max , the franchise that would make him known around the globe .
NEW YORK 
There were laughs , but in the larger sense there was nothing funny about CNBC stock picker Jim Cramer 's widely anticipated appearance on Comedy Central 's The Daily Show with Jon Stewart Thursday night .
In response to aggressive questioning by Stewart , Cramer said that he was " chastised " and wished that the financial news network had done more to expose Wall Street corruption .
Stewart repeatedly blasted the channel for cheerleading Wall Street in the run-up to the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression .
He questioned whether it was " selling snake oil as vitamin tonic " in a way that was " disingenuous at best and criminal at worse . "
" Absolutely , we could do better , " Cramer said .
" There are shenanigans , and we should call them out .
Everyone should .
I should do a better job at it .
I 'm trying . "
The interview capped a week - long series of comic jabs at CNBC , with Stewart zeroing in on Cramer 's call for investors to buy and hold Bear Stearns stock in the weeks before it collapsed .
Cramer , at the time , said that he had been taken out of context , and dismissed Stewart as a mere comedian who " runs a variety show . "
Stewart was one of many people who challenged CNBC following a fiery Feb. 19 attack on President Obama 's stimulus package by On - Air Editor Rick Santelli .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs chided Santelli , who referred to people who can't pay their mortgages as " losers . "
" I think it was bad , what he said , " Cramer told Stewart .
" It 's a terrible thing to be foreclosed on .
They 're not losers .
They 're fighters . "
Stewart said that he was troubled by " the gap between what CNBC advertises itself as and what it is . "
Cramer said that he tries " to make as many good ( stock ) calls as I can . "
But Stewart confronted Cramer with clips from a 2006 interview where Cramer said that , as a hedge fund manager , he manipulated futures trades and encouraged that " because it 's legal , and it 's a very quick way to make money , and very satisfying . "
Stewart concluded by urging CNBC to cut its ad slogan " In Cramer We Trust " and " get back to fundamentals on the reporting , and I can go back to making fart noises and funny faces . "
" I think we make that deal right here , " Cramer said .
The scale of the environmental disaster unfolding in the ocean off Brisbane is becoming clear , with an ABC reporter on Moreton Island saying oil spills have turned the sand black " as far as the eye can see " .
Around 20 tonnes of fuel oil leaked into the sea yesterday after a cargo ship was holed as it lost part of its load in rough seas whipped up by Cyclone Hamish .
Huge oil slicks are drenching beaches at the northern end of Moreton Island and Queensland Sustainability Minister Andrew McNamara says more oil is expected to come ashore .
ABC reporter James Kelly is on Moreton Island 's ocean beaches this afternoon .
" There 's oil on the beaches as far as the eye can see , " he said .
" It 's black , it 's several millimetres thick , and there 's an almost overwhelming stench . "
The authorities are today inspecting the damage but say the clean up could take months .
They say it is likely bulldozers will be brought in to scoop up the toxic deposit from the beaches and the shallows .
Mr McNamara says the spill will also reach Bribie Island .
" The modelling that we have indicates that more oil will come ashore and unfortunately more birds will be caught up in that , " he said .
Volunteers are trying to wash the oil off newborn turtles and eggs and pelicans .
Smaller amounts of oil have also washed ashore at Marcoola Beach further north on the Sunshine Coast .
Moreton Island is a near - pristine sand island off Brisbane which is popular with fishermen , campers and beachgoers .
Greens leader Bob Brown says the Federal Government should be providing all possible help to Queensland authorities to clean up the oil spill .
Senator Brown says Commonwealth authorities need to explain how the ship was allowed to travel into areas which were badly affected by a tropical cyclone .
" We need to know that there are huge resources being mobilised to offset the potential environmental and human consequences of this spill , and to make sure it does n't happen again , " he said .
" It should not have happened on this occasion . "
' Clean - up could take years '
Channel 7 pilot Greg Rogers says the slick will take months , if not years , to clean up .
" The worst of it is still within the 10 - kilometre radius of the cape but it 's still quite evident on the beach , " he said .
" The pristine white sands of Moreton Island are very black in places today . "
He says the scene is reminiscent of the 1978 Amoco Cadiz oil spill in France .
" It 's just one continuous black beach from Cape Moreton down to ... Blue [ Lagoon ] and there is evidence of less contamination further south , " he said .
Mr Rogers says the high tides have pushed the contamination right up into the sand dunes .
" All the rocks are covered in oil - God knows how many millions of crustaceans have died as a result , " he said .
Government defends response
The Queensland Government has defended the time it has taken to respond to the 20 - tonne oil spill .
Mr McNamara says the potentially dangerous chemicals and severe weather conditions hampered efforts to inspect the spill yesterday .
" First off , the boat had to be made safe , " he said .
" There was 25 kilos of ammonium nitrate that entered the fuel tank which contained a very significant amount of fuel oil - that has to be resolved before you can have people in and around the vessel .
" Similarly there was 2,000 kilos of ammonium nitrate mixed with oil on the ship 's deck . "
Queensland Transport Minister John Mickel says the Pacific Adventurer will dock at the Port of Brisbane this morning , with investigations underway into how the incident happened .
" The Australian Transport Safety Bureau , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority are working with Maritime Safety Queensland to conduct a full investigation of what happened with this incident , " he said .
Wildlife dying
Queensland Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) spokesman Clive Cook says it has started treating wildlife injured by the spill .
He says choppy seas are spreading the oil slick north - west from Moreton Bay .
" We 've had one confirmed report of a sea bird with oil on it and two others unconfirmed , so we are prepared for the contingency of treating oiled wildlife , " he said .
" We have a number of staff trained up in oiled wildlife response .
" They 're spread up and down the coast and we 're starting to back up the initial crews . "
Earlier surf lifesaver Dave McLaine said there was a lot of oil washed up at Marcoola .
" It 's quite heavy in some spots - I 've just been down there for a walk myself and have come back and it's caked all over over my thongs and all over my feet , " he said .
" I 've just spent about 15 minutes in the shower trying to get it all off . "
Resident Robyn Cameron also says her feet have been covered in black oil at Marcoola beach .
" It 's up to my ankles , " she said .
" I first thought it was just the foam from the rough conditions and then I realised , 'oh my goodness , this is oil ' , so I 've been out with the citrus cleaner to scrub it off with a brush . "
By Robert Borosage - March 4 , 2009
It ain't easy .
No use jokin ' .
Everything 's broken . "
- Bob Dylan
We can't go back to the old economy .
That economy -- marked by booms and busts , Gilded Age inequality , declining wages , growing household debts , and unsustainable trade deficits -- did n't work very well for most Americans .
President Obama is faced with the difficult task of creating the structure for the new economy even as he works to lift us out of the collapse of the old .
That 's why his stunning budget calls for health care reform , ending our addiction to oil and investing in education as both a way out of the mess and a down payment on the future .
His pace is as unrelenting as the crisis .
Next up : reviving America 's middle class , insuring that once growth returns , its blessings are widely shared .
And the centerpiece of that is the Employee Free Choice Act ( EFCA ) .
EFCA helps revive the right of workers to organize in this country .
Over the last decades , that basic right has been shredded , as companies waged open warfare on union organizing , and administrations often failed to enforce the laws protecting that right .
The tactics were bare knuckle : fire the organizers ; hold closed door meetings to threaten the workers .
And if workers did vote for a union , one - third of employers simply refused to negotiate a contract with them .
The campaigns have been brutally successful .
Today , over a majority of workers say that they would join a union if given a choice , but only about 7.5 % of the private workforce is organized .
EFCA gives workers the right to choose a union , either in a closed election or with a majority signing pledge cards .
It forces employers to negotiate in good faith , requiring arbitration if no agreement is reached .
It stiffens penalties on employers for violating workers ' rights .
But EFCA is n't just about worker rights .
It 's about whether we can return to an economy with a broad middle class .
When unions represented 30 % of the private economy , they won family wages , health care , pensions , paid vacations -- the basics of middle class existence .
Rising union wages and benefits helped lift the wages of non-union workers as well .
America has never done much redistribution through taxes .
We built a middle class because workers were able to win a decent share of the profits and productivity that they helped to generate .
Unions were central to that .
Naturally , as the unions have lost ground , so has America 's middle class .
Over the eight years of the Bush recovery , we witnessed the extreme : an economy in which profits were up , CEO salaries soared , productivity was up , but workers lost ground .
As a recent EPI statement notes , the median working household lost $ 2000 in annual income over that period .
That reality contributed directly to the inequality , speculation , and household indebtedness that provided the kindling for the economic conflagration we now experience .
That 's why Obama was an early sponsor of EFCA as a Senator .
Earlier this month , he noted that he saw unions as part of the solution , not part of the problem .
" We need to level the playing field for workers and the unions that represent their interests , because we know that you cannot have a strong middle class without a strong labor movement .
..
" The American economy is not and has never been a zero - sum game .
" When workers are prospering , they buy products that make businesses prosper .
" We can be competitive and lean and mean and still create a situation where workers are thriving in this country . '
In her first appearance as Labor Secretary , Hilda Solis , the daughter of union workers , journeyed to Miami on Monday to speak at a union rally on the eve of the AFL - CIO Executive Council meetings and to listen to workers telling their stories .
Hector Capoda , an AT&T worker and member of the Communications Workers of America , told how he'd been part of organizing a union with majority sign - up .
His father , he said , had never had a union , never earned more than $ 13 an hour and did n't have health care .
But as he grew older and weaker , the family could survive because his brother , " a policeman and union , " his sister , " a nurse and union , " and he had the resources to keep the family together .
Clearly moved , Solis confirmed that the president 's support for EFCA , and pledged to enforce the law , announcing that " there is a new sheriff in town . "
EFCA will be introduced into the House in the next couple weeks , where passage is guaranteed .
The real donnybrook will be in the Senate where it has strong majority support but must overcome efforts by a conservative minority to block the vote with a filibuster .
The Chamber of Commerce and various business lobbies have threatened to spend $ 200 million or more to stop EFCA , which Home Depot 's founder , Bernie Marcus , charges will lead to " the demise of civilization . "
Unions are gearing up a major grassroots effort to pass the bill .
But this is n't just a union fight .
As the president suggests , this is a central fight for an economy that works .
If workers are paid decently , families need n't take on massive debts to educate their children or afford their home .
Social Security remains secure if workers once more capture a fair share of the profits they produce .
CEOs and speculators have a more difficult time cooking the books if they must negotiate with strong unions .
To build an economy that works , strong unions are n't the only answer , but they are central part of the answer .
The campaign on EFCA will be fierce .
Gaining 60 votes wo n't be easy .
The business community will go all out , claiming that strong unions will ruin America , trample workers ' freedoms , drive jobs abroad .
But we 've tried an economy with weak unions -- and that did n't work out so well .
Obama is right to tee this up early even as he struggles to get the economy moving , to get the financial system reorganized , to move on health care and new energy .
This is a fight that citizens across the country should join .
It will be a critical building block of the new economy that we must construct from the ashes of the old .
FDIC chairman Sheila Bair does n’t think a full government takeover of Citigroup and other multinational financial institutions is practical or even possible .
Here are her reasons , as summarized by Pete Davis :
1 . The legal authority to take over large banks does not currently extend to multinational financial conglomerates ;
2 . The FDIC lacks the funding to conduct such a massive bailout ;
3 . Other countries have regulatory oversight of these financial conglomerates too , and they may object to a U.S. takeover .
This made me curious as to how much of Citigroup was a domestic commercial bank that the FDIC could take over , and how much was multinational financial stuff outside the FDIC ’s jurisdiction .
So I took a look at the balance sheet from Citi ’s new 10 K ( pdf , with numbers as of Dec. 31 , 2008 ) .
First , there ’s the division between Citigroup and Citibank .
Citigroup has assets of $ 1.938 trillion , and liabilities of $ 1.797 trillion .
Citibank has assets of $ 1.227 trillion and liabilities of $ 1.145 trillion .
So right there , about 36 % of the company ’s assets and liabilities are outside the bank .
Then there ’s the bank itself .
Its balance sheet separates deposits in U.S. offices , which are insured by the FDIC , from deposits in offices outside the U.S. , which are n’t .
Of $ 755 billion in deposits , $ 241 billion are in the U.S. and $ 515 billion outside ( the numbers do n’t add up because I ’m rounding ) .
The first striking thing there that Citi’s U.S. banking operation just is n’t all that big : J.P. Morgan Chase has $ 722 billion in U.S. deposits ( and $ 287 billion outside the country ) .
Washington Mutual , which was not deemed by regulators to be too big too fail , had $ 182 billion in deposits , in the same territory as Citi ’s U.S. bank .
The second is that if Citibank ’s overall business breaks down along domestic / foreign lines pretty much as deposits do ( which probably is n’t quite the case , but close enough ) , that gets you to $ 392 billion in assets and $ 365 billion in liabilities .
That ’s the part of Citigroup that the FDIC has the authority to take over .
I bet the FDIC could handle it , at least if it gets the new $ 500 billion credit line it wants from Congress .
But this would leave an entity ( or entities ) with about $ 1.5 trillion in assets and $ 1.4 trillion in liabilities to be taken over by foreign governments or fail in pretty much the same unruly manner that Lehman Brothers did .
To repeat : Citigroup has liabilities of $ 1.797 trillion .
The deposits that the FDIC has some responsibility for ( up to $ 250,000 per depositor ) add up to $ 241 billion .
So we have this reasonably sensible system for winding down troubled banks , but when it comes to the most troubled big banking company in the country , said system only covers a fraction of the overall operation .
Which leads to a couple of conclusions :
1 . I get why the administration is so reluctant to take over Citi completely .
2 . I do n’t get why we all ( I ’m including myself in this ) thought it was okay to allow the creation and growth of gigantic financial companies for which we had absolutely no plan for winding down in case of trouble .
( CNN ) --
As Hillary Clinton flies to Mexico for a high - level summit , a new national poll indicates seven in 10 Americans are happy with the job she 's doing as secretary of state .
Americans like Hillary Clinton 's work as secretary of state , according to a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll .
Seventy - one percent of people questioned in a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday said they approve of how Clinton is handling her job as America 's top diplomat .
Fewer than one in four disapprove .
" Nine in 10 Democrats approve of Clinton -- that 's no surprise , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director .
" But by a 50 percent to 43 percent margin , Republicans also think she is doing a good job at the State Department .
That 's an interesting result for a polarizing figure like Clinton . "
The poll 's release comes as Clinton teams up with Mexican officials to kick off weeks of meetings intended to find ways to fight drug violence on both sides of the U.S. - Mexican border .
The Obama administration on Tuesday announced a major increase in security funding and agent deployments along the border .
Watch what Clinton hopes to accomplish in Mexico »
" Since taking office in January , Clinton has been at the White House nearly every day , meeting with President Obama , Vice President [ Joseph ] Biden and other members of the Cabinet and national security staff , " said CNN State Department producer Elise Labott .
" The secretary maintains close ties with her former colleagues on Capitol Hill and meets regularly with congressional leaders . "
The former first lady , senator from New York and one - time primary rival to Obama already has clocked close to 60,000 miles in her first two trips overseas -- one journey to China , the other to the Middle East and Europe -- since becoming secretary of state in January .
Clinton was met by large crowds and warmly received by world leaders on both trips , although " she met some criticism in Beijing , where she was criticized for a lower - key approach that seemed to downplay the importance of human rights in the overall relationship with China , " Labott said .
" Her aides said she wanted a new approach to dealing with China 's human rights record , including less public criticism and more private discussions , which may prove more productive in changing Chinese behavior . "
Clinton 's approval rating is higher than that of her boss :
The same CNN / Opinion Research poll put Obama 's approval rating at 64 percent , 7 percentage points lower than Clinton's .
Clinton has a couple of advantages over Obama in public opinion today , Holland said .
" She has n't had a prominent role in the administration 's economic or budget policies , " he said .
" There have n't been any international issues that have caused as much outrage as the AIG bonuses .
And her name was n't on the ballot in November , so any partisan animosity to her that is left over from 2008 is not as fresh in the public 's mind . "
Clinton 's approval rating is also 10 percentage points higher than the one her predecessor , Condoleezza Rice , had in March 2005 , then two months into her tenure as secretary of state .
The CNN / Opinion Research poll of 1,019 Americans was conducted by telephone March 12 - 15 .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
All About Hillary Clinton • U.S. Department of State
In a recent editorial written for the New York Times , Bolivian President Evo Morales vehemently defends the ancient tradition of chewing coca leaves , saying , " It is an important symbol of the history and identity of the indigenous cultures of the Andes . "
Morales then goes on to explain how the custom of chewing coca has been around since 3000 B.C. and that the indigenous people use it to help stave off hunger and maintain the energy necessary to work long hours at incredibly high altitudes .
The coca leaf was deemed illegal back in 1961 at the United Nations Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs .
Placed in the same category as cocaine , it was ordered that " coca leaf chewing must be abolished within 25 years of this convention . "
At the time Bolivia agreed to the ruling , the country was suffering under the brutal dictatorship of Col. Hugo Banzer .
The 25 - year deadline expired in 2001 , essentially making Morales and all other people who chew coca leaves in Bolivia criminals .
Morales argues that while coca does have trace quantities of cocaine , it is less than one - tenth of a percent of a leaf and should not be placed in the same category because in order for it to become a narcotic , the cocaine alkaloids must be extracted , concentrated and processed chemically .
Morales also makes an interesting comparison to tobacco and caffeine , " Unlike nicotine or caffeine , it causes no harm to human health nor
addiction or altered state , and it is effective in the struggle against
obesity , a major problem in many modern societies . "
Morales closes his editorial by explaining why the leaf is so important to Bolivians and other South American countries with rich indigenous heritage , " Today , millions of people chew coca in Bolivia , Colombia , Peru and northern Argentina and Chile .
The coca leaf continues to have ritual , religious and cultural significance that transcends indigenous cultures and encompasses the mestizo population . "
Tell us :
What do you think ?
Should the coca leaf be considered a narcotic , or should it just be reclassified as a plant ?
In addition , if AIG 's book value falls below a certain level , as it seems certain to do , it will trigger default in certain of its debt instruments , say people familiar with the situation .
All of this adds up to a huge headache for the Federal Reserve and Treasury , which have already provided over $ 150 billion of assistance to AIG .
Talks between the government and AIG are focussed on how the company can swap some of the debt held by the government for equity in AIG .
The problem is that the government 's ownership stake cannot exceed its current 79.9 percent , leaving officials to try and find a creative way to transfer value to the US in exchange for AIG reducing its debt so that it can then borrow more from the government to meet its collateral calls .
AIG has borrowed roughly $ 40 billion from a $ 60 billion credit facility provided it by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
If it can find a way to pay that down by swapping equity , it hopes to take it back up to a level that will allow it to meet its collateral and capital calls .
Some workers who raised safety issues were allegedly blacklisted A company that allegedly sold workers ' personal details , including union activities , to building firms is to be prosecuted by the information watchdog .
The Information Commissioner 's Office ( ICO ) said the Consulting Association , in Droitwich , had committed a " serious breach " of the Data Protection Act .
The ICO said a secret system had been run for over 15 years to enable firms to unlawfully vet job applicants .
Unions have called on the government to outlaw " blacklisting " practices .
A spokesman for the Department for Business said it did have the power to make blacklists illegal and would " review whether to use this power if there was compelling evidence that blacklists were being used " .
' Bad egg ' Around 40 construction companies who subscribed to the scheme would send lists of prospective employees to The Consulting Association , who would then warn them about potential troublemakers .
Some of the notes uncovered by an ICO raid on the association 's offices included descriptions such as " ex - shop steward , definite problems " , " Irish ex - Army , bad egg " .
Other notes related to workers who had raised concerns over health and safety issues on sites , such as asbestos removal .
The owner of the Consulting Association Ian Kerr - which is now believed to have ceased trading - faces prosecution and a £ 5,000 fine if found guilty of breaching the Data Protection Act .
The act outlaws the collection and distribution of secret information on individuals without their knowledge .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Deputy Information Commissioner David Smith said the company should have registered itself with the ICO and therefore qualified for a " clear prosecution " under the act .
He said he was also deeply disappointed that firms he described as " household names " had been involved in an allegedly illegal system for many years .
He said they would be issued with a legal order not to repeat the offence , and if they breached it they too would face prosecution .
" You would have thought they would have got the data protection message by now , " he said .
The firms include well - known construction companies such as Taylor Woodrow , Laing O'Rourke and Balfour Beatty .
Balfour Beatty said it would co-operate with the ICO investigation , and that it did not condone the use of blacklists " in any circumstances " .
Other companies either said they would conduct their own investigation , or had " inherited " their links with the Consulting Association from previous firms they had taken over .
The Consulting Association was unavailable for comment .
Blacklisted worker
One worker told the BBC he believed he was on the alleged blacklist , because he had found it hard to get work ever since winning a case for unfair dismissal in 2000 .
He said that even though he and fellow workers won their case , and then defeated the firm again on appeal , he had suffered as a result .
" Prior to 2000 I could get work on the most prestigious of contracts , but since then not a single agency has called to offer work , " he said .
Blacklisting remains rampant in the 21st century
Alan Ritchie
Building workers ' union Ucatt
Should builders be monitored ?
' I was blacklisted for speaking up '
He said that he had been sacked from three different jobs , and had lost " a couple of hundred thousand pounds " in missed work .
" Even though I was the victim , they [ the companies ] have punished me ever since , " he said .
Business Secretary Lord Mandelson said he was " sorry the practices have taken place " and welcomed the intervention of the information commissioner .
" He will need to look into this further to see whether these practices are more widespread and take the appropriate action , as he 's already done in this case , " the minister added .
' Outlaw blacklists '
Not only was the database held without the workers ' consent , but the existence of it was repeatedly denied .
Following the raid on 23 February , investigators discovered that the Consulting Association 's database contained the details of some 3,213 workers , the ICO said .
Data included information concerning personal relationships , trade union activity and employment history , it added .
Employers paid £ 3,000 as an annual fee , and £ 2.20 for individual details , the ICO said .
Invoices to construction firms for up to £ 7,500 were also seized during the raid .
The government needs to act now to prevent this discrimination that can blight the lives of many workers
Labour MP John McDonnell
List of database subscribers
How firms should obey data law The ICO 's revelations led to calls for the government to bring forward anti-blacklisting regulations which were prepared but never introduced .
Alan Ritchie , general secretary of the building workers ' union Ucatt , said : " Blacklisting remains rampant in the 21st Century .
" We will be writing to the government immediately , demanding that they bring forward the existing regulations and introduce them into law immediately .
It is the only way to protect the rights of trade union members . "
TUC general secretary Brendan Barber backed the call to introduce strict new laws , calling the revelations " deplorable " .
" Not only has information about workers ' union membership been recorded and shared , but personal details have also been revealed , " he said .
" The government must act now and bring in the 1999 blacklisting regulations , to give workers proper protection and access to redress . "
Labour MP John McDonnell said : " This latest expose of blacklisting demonstrates that blacklisting is still rampant in some industries .
" The government must act swiftly now to outlaw blacklisting once and for all .
" It is widely suspected that the government caved in under pressure from employers ' organisations when I raised this issue last time in Parliament .
" This new evidence demonstrates that the government needs to act , and act now , to prevent this discrimination that can blight the lives of many workers . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
More
Welcome Emma Danger !
Congratulations to Simone and David !
An Israeli human rights group said yesterday it was investigating claims that an apparent surgical strike on a Hamas missile truck in Gaza , which is being publicised by Israel 's armed forces on its website , is a case of mistaken targeting that has left eight civilians dead .
Monochrome images of the attack have been repeatedly shown by media around the world after being released by the Israeli Defence Forces ( IDF ) to demonstrate both the accuracy of their attacks and that Hamas was trying to move and hide rockets .
The footage was also posted on the Israeli military 's YouTube site .
However , the Israeli - Palestinian B'Tselem group in Gaza has testimony from the owner of the truck , as well as photographs taken at the scene , which appear to suggest that the vehicle was being used to transport gas welding canisters from a metalworking shop .
The air attack took place at 6 pm on Monday in Salah al - Din street in Jabaliya .
The grainy thermal imaging footage taken by the Israeli Predator drone that launched the rocket against the truck showed ghostly figures clustered around a vehicle loaded with what the Israeli airforce described as missiles being moved to a safe hiding place by Hamas fighters .
According to testimony supplied by truck owner Abu Imad - Sanur , members of his family had been trying to salvage material from a metal workshop he owns next door to a bombed house .
The canisters , he claimed , were being moved to prevent looting .
He named the dead as Muhammad Bassel Madi , 17 , Wisam Akram Eid , 14 , Imad Ahmad Sanur , 32 , Rami Sa'adi Ghabayan , 24 , Mahmoud Nabil Ghabayan , 14 , Ashraf al - Dabagh , 26 , Muhammad Majed Ka'abar , 20 , and Ahmad Ibrahim Khila , 15 .
Imad -Sanur denies any connections with militant organisations in the Gaza Strip that have been blamed for targeting Israeli towns with rockets .
The pictures released by B'Tselem yesterday - which it says were taken at the site - show the burnt - out wreckage of a truck that appears to have been loaded with scrap metal and gas welding tanks , with the gas valves still attached .
An undamaged tank , apparently thrown out of the vehicle by the explosion , is identical in shape to the burned ones .
" I own a metalworks near the Palestinian Red Cross , ' said Imad - Sanur in his testimony .
" On Monday I was told a metalworking shop had been blown up , so I collected my sons to go there .
When we arrived we saw that the house next door [ understood to belong to a Hamas official ] had been completely destroyed .
There was a 10 - metre - deep crater .
Some of the walls had caved in into my shop .
" I was afraid people would steal my stuff and decided to move it . "
It was while his son Imad was directing the loading of the second truckload that it was hit while Imad - Sanur - who suffers from asthma - was standing across the road to avoid the dust .
" Friends and neighbours had come to help .
Imad was standing on the truck .
Suddenly I saw a huge flash and heard a booming sound .
I started running and saw bodies everywhere .
One of them was Imad .
That was when I fainted . "
Imad -Sanur told the Guardian yesterday : " I 'm not satisfied with what 's going on .
Please , we want peace .
Who wants his children to die ?
Who hates peace ?
The Israeli account is absolutely wrong .
The pickup is still there and the oxygen cylinder is still next to it .
Anyone can come and look at it . "
Sarit Michaeli , a spokeswoman for B'Tselem , said that while her organisation had not been able to verify Imad - Sanur 's claims that he was not involved with militants in Gaza , his story that he was moving welding equipment seemed believable .
" What this emphasises is that this incident needs to be investigated by the IDF , lessons learned and if necessary people retrained .
It is impossible to avoid civilian casualties , but in this case it is clear that an investigation is required . "
Shell 's spending on renewables – except biofuel – appears to have fallen from $ 200 m a year to zero over the past nine years
So at last we have an explanation .
During my video interview with Jeroen van der Veer , the chief executive of Shell , I asked the same question 15 times : " What is the value of your annual investments in renewable energy ? "
After several attempts to change the subject , he admitted that he knew the figure , then flatly refused to reveal it .
Nor could he give me a convincing explanation of why he would n't tell me , claiming only that " those figures are misused and people say it is too small " and it " is not the right message to give to the people " .
Yesterday , Shell announced that it has stopped investing in conventional renewables : wind , solar and hydro .
It will concentrate instead on developing second - generation biofuels .
There are a number of possible reasons for this shift :
• Shell 's portfolio was spread too thinly
• Carbon prices , which reflect the carbon caps imposed by governments , are extremely low .
Without some major policy shifts , they are likely to stay that way , which means that renewables are an unattractive investment
• The prospect of a liquid fuels - crunch caused by declining oil reserves means that Shell will get better returns for its money by investing in tar sands and biofuels than by investing in electricity supply
• Greenwash is n't working any more .
Some of us suspected that the primary purpose of Shell 's investment in renewables was public relations .
Though he did not express himself clearly on this point , van der Veer appeared to concede in our interview that some of the company 's advertising had not been honest :
If we are very big in oil and gas and we are so far relatively small in alternative energies , if you then every day only make adverts about your alternative energies and not about 90 % of your other activities ... then I say transparency , honesty to the market , that 's nonsense .
So much for speculation .
This week I received a leaked extract of van der Veer 's latest newsletter to his staff .
It says :
Finally , let me update you on our renewable energy activities .
As you know , our strategy is to investigate a range of alternative energy and CO2 technologies .
We spent about $ 1.7bn on them in the last five
years .
The one that is closest to our core business is sustainable biofuels .
That 's where we 'll focus in 2009 and 2010 .
So as you can see , we 're making good progress .
We are on track with our strategy and our projects , building the foundations of our future .
Thank you for contributing to our momentum !
Now this is really confusing .
The obvious explanation for van der Veer 's refusal to give me a figure for current investments – which appears to be supported by the comments he made – is that they had fallen from the previous level of spending .
In 2000 , the company had boasted that it would be investing $ 1bn dollars in renewable energy between 2001 and 2005 .
So why , if its spending over the past five years has risen by 70 % , would n't he tell me ?
He did n't even try the obvious excuse – that the figure was " commercially confidential " .
My guess is that the difference hinges on definition .
You 'll notice than in the newsletter he switches from " renewables " to " alternative energy and CO2 technologies " .
Alternative energy is not necessarily renewable energy .
The figure might include the cost of assessing the prospects of exploiting oil shales , for example – an extremely polluting fuel source , from which it takes a great deal of energy to extract liquid fuels .
In our interview , van der Veer conceded that this was something Shell had been researching .
The CO2 technologies might refer to investigating the prospect of capturing carbon from Shell 's tar sands operation .
Alternatively , the money might all be going into biofuels .
So perhaps there is no conflict between these figures .
Shell 's spending on renewables – except biofuel – appears to have fallen from $ 200 m a year to zero over the past nine years .
Its spending on liquid fuel production of all kinds has risen .
Shell is consolidating : has it stopped pretending to be anything other than a liquid fuel and gas company ?
The big question now , however , is this : without a strong carbon price , who is going to invest in renewables ?
Monbiot.com
