total power exchange
BDSM
Click
for your version of An Owned Life .
It seems this is something that many have a tough time comprehending .
The D/s or M/s relationship revolves around the exchange of power .
This is the foundation upon which all interaction is built upon .
People who are drawn to this lifestyle tend to want to either dominate or submit ( we are leaving switches out of the conversation ) .
Sadly , many misdiagnose what they truly want .
Obviously the level of commitment will vary from relationship to relationship .
For example , D/s tends to have less than M/s. Nevertheless , even in this relationship , the Dom is in charge of the agreed upon areas of the interaction during the scene .
M/s carries it to even a deeper level .
Many subs / slaves seem to mistake the appropriateness of ' no ' .
There are many times where a Dom / Master will toy with his sub / slave while providing the freedom to deny the request .
However , this is a form of play between the two people .
It should not be understood to be a place for a sub / slave to enter .
The bottom line is that a sub / slave is responsible for adhering to the Dom / Master 's wishes .
If it is something that he wants ( written from my masculine experience ) , then it is her responsibility to follow .
That is what Domination / submission is all about .
It is not a relationship where equality is an option .
Many are drawn to the Gorean lifestyle .
While this is not my particular flavor , my research leads me to believe this is only for those who are truly committed to this way of life .
Under Gorean , nothing is left in the slaves control .
Her entire life is under the ownership of her Master .
' No ' is not an option at any time .
In my book , An Owned Life , I mentioned how thedictates that the power structure resides with the Dom / Master .
Anyone submissive who is looking at this lifestyle needs to understand this most basic point .
' No ' is something that should be removed from your vocabulary ( we will not discuss limits since that opens up another debate entirely ) .
It is helpful to know what it truly means to be submissive .
When a sub / slave tries to alter her position within the relationship , she is , in fact , trying to dominate .
This is very common online .
Real time often can be a rude awakening when one realizes that things are very different then was previously experienced .
What was acceptable online quickly becomes unacceptable when one makes this transition .
In closing , enter into theworld with your eyes open .
If you need to take some extra time before committing to anything , then do that .
Safety and happiness are what we seek .
Ignore the labels that are used and delve into what you feel fits best for you .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- A University of Wisconsin- Madison research team has developed a new method for using nanoscale silicon that could improve devices that convert thermal energy into electrical energy .
The team , led by Max Lagally , Erwin W. Mueller Professor and Bascom Professor of Surface Science , published its findings in the March 24 issue of the journal ACS Nano .
Thermoelectric devices can use electricity to cool or , conversely , convert heat to electricity .
To improve efficiency in tiny thermoelectric devices , researchers build superlattices of alternating thin layers of two different semiconductor materials , called heterojunctions .
Charges in multilayer heterojunction wires travel through a periodic electric field that influences their motion ; however , it is difficult to create modulation large enough to be effective with traditional heterojunctions , Lagally says .
The UW - Madison team addressed the problem by creating a superlattice from a single material : a sheet of silicon nanometers thick , called a nanomembranes , and cutting it into ribbons nanometers wide .
The researchers can induce localized strain in the silicon , creating an effective strain wave that causes charges the electric field in the ribbon to vary periodically .
" Essentially we 're making the equivalent of a heterojunction superlattice with one material , " says Lagally , whose home department is materials science and engineering .
" We 're actually doing better with these strained regions than you can do easily with multiple - chemical - component systems . "
The strained - silicon superlattices display greater electric field modulation than their heterojunction counterparts , so they may improve silicon thermoelectric near or above room temperature .
In addition , they are relatively easy to manufacture .
Lagally and his group theorize that their method could apply to any type of semiconductor nanomembrane .
" It 's cool in several ways :
It 's a single material , the modulation in the electric field is bigger than what others can make easily , and it's very straightforward , " says Lagally .
Co-authors of the paper include Lagally ; UW - Madison postdoctoral associate Hing - Huang Huang ; graduate students Clark Ritz and Bozidar Novakovic ; assistant scientists Frank Flack ; associate scientist Don Savage ; materials science and engineering associate professor Paul Evans ; and electrical and computer engineering assistant professor Irena Knezevic ; along with Decai Yu , Yu Zhang and Professor Feng Liu of the University of Utah .
Provided by University of Wisconsin- Madison ( news : web )
Explore further Stretching silicon : A new method to measure how strain affects semiconductors
After you finish watching the Indy 500 this Sunday , you may want to have your designated driver take you home .
Not only should he be sober , but he also should have no interest in motor sports .
According to Australian researchers , being a race fan makes you more likely to not only speed in your own car but also to see little wrong with it .
Several factors have been found to influence a driver 's attitude towards speeding and aggressive driving , including age , gender and what psychologists call " sensation seeking propensity . "
This thrill - seeking behavior may also be a result of a driver 's environment .
Paul Tranter and James Warn of the University of New South Wales wanted to see if following professional motor sports as a fan added to the need to be fast and furious .
Specifically , they considered whether social cognitive theory , made famous by American psychologist Albert Bandura , explained a fan 's need to imitate their favorite drivers by pushing the limits on public roads .
In 2004 , with illegal street racing becoming a problem on the streets of Sydney and Melbourne , Tranter and Warn focused on young drivers .
In a survey of 180 males between the ages of 15 and 24 , they measured interest in organized motor sports against attitudes towards safe driving and obeying traffic laws .
Each driver 's own violation history was also considered .
Results showed an interest in organized racing had a direct effect on not only involvement in illegal racing but also higher violations and riskier attitudes towards traffic laws .
Maybe young fans figured that if Danica Patrick can maneuver a 650 horsepower beast around an oval track for a few hours , they should be able push their modified Civic to 100 mph .
Even though the researchers were careful to control for the sensation - seeking personality variable in their survey population , they still wanted to expand their study to older race fans to see if the same relationship held .
In their latest study , published in the journal Accident Analysis and Prevention , Tranter and Warn looked only at drivers 25 and older with at least 2 years driving experience .
Insurance companies consider this age group a much safer population .
A similar survey was distributed to residents of a small NSW town and asked for three things : their level of interest in motor sports ; their attitudes toward speeding and traffic laws ; and their own self - reported negative driving habits .
The strongest correlation in this group was between an interest in racing and a pro-speeding attitude .
So , even among the safer , older group of fans , an intentional lead foot existed .
So , should we put restrictor plates on all cars ?
No , say Tranter and Warn , but maybe a more visible safety PR campaign to the masses may help .
" There remains a need to get the message out to the driving community that speed is linked to accidents , and that attitudes that condone speeding are a road safety problem , " Tranter writes .
He adds that another idea would be to shift a young driver 's need for risk taking to other sports , ( like downhill skiing or mountain biking ) that have a more positive " thrill to bad outcome " ratio .
Then again , Tranter comments that the attraction expressed to him by street racers may just be , " ' chicks and fast cars , ' rather than a desire to engage in illegal activity . "
Dan Peterson writes about sports science at his site Sports Are 80 Percent Mental .
His Science of Sports column appears weekly on LiveScience .
Monday , 04 May , 2009 Environment
Having the goal of motivating car drivers to take a coach bus , Acne , a Sweden - based advertising company , came up with a quite inspiring advertising campaign for an airport coach bus service called Flygbussarna .
The company built a bus from 50 wrecked vehicles .
The bus resembles the original Flygbussarna coach bus and was placed near the main road that leads to the Stockholm airport .
With their installation , the Swedish company attempts to focus on the fact that 50 people can ride in a coach bus , while , in average , 1.2 people ride in a car .
It is worth mentioning that a coach bus emits carbon less than 4 vehicles .
On the company 's website visitors can watch live the installation and vehicles that drive by .
In addition , you can see the amount of carbon that could have been saved if the drivers that passed the installation had taken a bus .
Here 's the video that helps you get a better idea of Acne 's advertising campaign :
Posted by alcotrazz
WASHINGTON -- White House National Security Adviser James Jones rejected Afghanistan 's demands that American forces halt air strikes in his country , despite protests there over a U.S. strike that allegedly killed dozens of Afghan civilians .
The conflict over U.S. air strikes comes as the Obama administration is seeking to launch a new counter - insurgency strategy in Afghanistan , and could hobble cooperation between the two governments to rein in the Taliban .
" The ...
By Anonymous - 2/4/2009 16:14 - United Kingdom
Today , I got my long hair cut in a short pixie cut .
When my five year old daughter saw me she laughed and proclaimed ' You look just like a man ! ' .
That afternoon I got a concerned call from the school .
My daughter has told everyone ' mummy has gone away , I now have two daddies !'
FML
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
There is one thing that can be said of President Obama with certainty — his election has had a phenomenal effect on gun sales .
Across the country , ammunition prices are soaring and many guns are in short supply as weapons fly off the shelves at stores .
This is a telling economic indicator about consumer confidence as many Americans stock up for fear that the end is nigh .
It ’s also a logical reaction to gun-owner fears that Democrats will implement far - reaching new gun controls .
There is cause for concern .
Leaders in the Obama administration and Congress have stated that they plan to limit what guns Americans can buy and that guns should be registered .
Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said Feb. 25 that , “ As President Obama indicated during the campaign , there are just a few gun-related changes that we would like to make , and among them would be to reinstitute the ban on the sale of assault weapons . ”
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi poured fuel on the fire five weeks later by admitting that Democrats want to register guns .
“ It ’s a Democratic president , a Democratic House , ” she said on ABC ’s “ Good Morning America . ”
“ We do n’t want to take their guns away .
We want them registered . ”
The gun controllers are at odds with public opinion .
Despite Americans constantly being bombarded with attacks on guns by an anti-gun media , Frank Newport , editor - in - chief of the Gallup Poll , notes that “ Attitudes toward gun control have become more conservative , people not wanting gun control . ”
A Gallup poll released April 8 shows that only 29 percent of Americans support banning handguns .
According to Gallup , “ the latest reading is the smallest percentage favoring a handgun ban since Gallup first polled on this nearly 50 years ago . ”
Popular support for the Second Amendment is n’t lost on all congressional Democrats .
On May 12 , 27 Senate Democrats voted with 39 Republicans to end a ban on law - abiding citizens carrying legal firearms in national parks .
The amendment was attached to unrelated legislation to regulate credit cards .
The same tactic was used Feb. 26 when an amendment striking down most of the District ’s gun-control laws was attached to a Senate bill giving the District a vote in Congress .
Twenty - two Democrats , including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , voted for this amendment , which passed 62 - 36 .
It ’s too early to celebrate Democratic respect for gun rights .
Some Senate Democrats who voted for the national park amendment complained that they were painted into a corner on the issue .
Sen. Richard J. Durbin , Illinois Democrat , the party ’s chief vote counter , told National Public Radio last week that they were concerned about “ how many more times they ’d have to face such votes . ”
Democrats are torn between their constituents ’ support for gun rights and an Obama administration committed to gun control .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Yesterday RPGNow announced that WotC has notified them that they no longer are allowed to sell or distribute WotC ’s PDF products .
That means even if you have purchased WotC PDF products over RPGNow you ca n’t download them again after April 7th .
Today I received an email from Paizo informing me that Wizards has asked them to stop distribution of their PDF products , too .
There was some discussion on Twitter tonight about the reasons why Wizards of the Coast should cease all sales of PDF products until Fred Hicks provided us with an interesting link .
And obviously they played the piracy card again .
I think I ’ve must have heard that somewhere before …
And I am pretty sure that ’s not the real reason .
Over 20 % of all legal PDF sales are WotC products !
Over 20 % , that ’s a lot .
So what ’s the problem with that .
You ’ll always have piracy even if you do n’t sell the books in digital format .
There are a lot of illegal scanned books floatng around on the net .
So you do n’t need a digital version of the book in order to distribute it over a P2P network .
And I am pretty sure that this announcement will not end piracy of D&D products .
So , what ’s the real reason ?
There may be several reasons , why Wizards slaps into the face of the customer again :
Killing the competition
They want to create their own online distribution shop , and before they do so , they want to make sure noone else sells their stuff .
And even if that ’s the case , they dropped the ball again !
Removing all older edition material from the shops
Perhaps they are less then happy with the fact that some of those pesky customers prefer older editions instead of buying their shiny new 4th edition .
Books are aleady out - of - print , but PDFs were still available … until now !
Whatever the real reason is , it has nothing to do with piracy .
Period !
This excuse did n’t work for the music industry , the movie industry or the computer game industry .
But it ’s easy to tell the public that the evil software / music / pdf pirates are responsible when you just want to kick your customers into the proverbial nuts !
Report : BCS directors might have lied about bowl game charity donations
Remember Republican Rep. Joe Barton of Texas ?
He ’s the congressman who wants to see college football adopt a playoff system and who compared the BCS to communism .
Barton is making headlines again as he plans to investigate testimony from Alamo Bowl executive director Derrick
Fox made at this month ’s BCS subcommittee hearing in which Fox claimed that millions of dollars are donated to local charities thanks to the revenue generated by bowl games .
Fox , while representing all 34 bowl games during his appearance on Capitol Hill on May 1 , claimed in his argument against a playoff that “ almost all the postseason bowl games are put on by charitable groups ” and “ local charities receive tens of millions of dollars every year . ”
In fact , 10 bowl games are privately owned and one is run by a branch of a local government .
The remaining 23 games enjoy tax - exempt status from the Internal Revenue Service , but combined to give just $ 3.2 million to local charities on $ 186.3 million in revenue according to their most recent federal tax records and interviews with individual bowl executives .
“ That does n’t seem like something that ’s really geared toward giving to charity , does it ? ” said Rep. Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) after being presented with Yahoo ! Sports ’ findings .
“ It ’s perjury if it ’s knowingly said , ” Barton said of the sworn testimony , which he called “ misleading . ”
“ It ’s also contempt of Congress .
You ’ve got to give [ him ] some sort of due process , but ultimately the remedy is to hold [ him ] in contempt of Congress on the House floor or send it to the Justice Department for criminal prosecution of perjury under oath . ”
Barton , the ranking Republican on the subcommittee and a playoff proponent , did caution that in today ’s political climate there is no certainty that charges of perjury or contempt would be filed even if the investigation found wrongdoing .
Fox said in a written statement the “ tens of millions of dollars ” testimony was “ a good faith estimate based on information initially supplied by the FBA [ Football Bowl Association ] . ”
Yet Bruce Binkowski of the FBA said the organization does n’t compile such figures and in literature does n’t assign a dollar amount to the bowls ’ charitable donations because “ we just do n’t know . ”
As Barton stated , perjury charges may never come in light of Fox ’s statements , but it is interesting that the main argument made for keeping the current non-playoff system in place is an outright lie .
If you read the entire article , it notes that Fox and ACC commissioner and BCS coordinator John Swofford stated several times during the subcommittee hearing that donations to local charities and economic impact on host cities are the two main reasons of why bowl games must be saved at all costs .
Yet there does n’t appear to be any evidence that the local charities receive “ tens of millions of dollars every year ” from the BCS , so either Fox and Swofford fabricated those statements or they flat out lied in effort to keep the current college football format in place .
If the BCS did generate millions of dollars for charities every year , then a case could truly be made that college football is better off without a playoff system .
( Although if bowl games generated money for charities , I do n’t see why a playoff system could n’t . )
But again , there is n’t any evidence that that is indeed the case and therefore Fox and Swofford have some explaining to do .
Hopefully this is just the start of the BCS ’ unraveling .
A glitch within Google 's free Google Docs utility caused some private documents to be exposed , the company has confirmed .
Only a small number of users was affected , and the issue has now been fixed .
Google Docs ' Privacy Problem
Engineers discovered the Google Docs privacy problem over the weekend , initially posting about it in the official Docs Help forum .
The bug , Google representatives believe , was limited to less than 0.05 percent of all documents within the system -- and the files affected were exposed only on a limited basis .
" The inadvertent sharing was limited to people with whom the document owner , or a collaborator with sharing rights , had previously shared a document , " explains Jennifer Mazzon , product manager of Google Docs .
" The issue affected so few users because it only could have occurred for a very small percentage of documents , and for those documents only when a specific sequence of user actions took place . "
That sequence of actions involved a user selecting multiple documents within his or her account , then making any type of adjustment to the files ' " share " settings .
Both documents and presentations were affected .
Spreadsheets , however , retained their appropriate privacy settings in spite of the glitch .
Notifications Sent
The good news :
If you did n't receive an e-mail to the address associated with your Google Docs account , your account was n't impacted .
Google directly contacted everyone whose documents might have been compromised , indicating within the message specifically which files may have been shared .
" We 're sorry for the trouble this has caused , " Mazzon says .
" We understand our users ' concerns -- in fact , we were affected by this bug ourselves -- and we 're treating this very seriously . "
A ton of updates were released this week for Blizzard ’s hot upcoming sequel , ‘ Starcraft 2 ’ .
A Korean gamers first impressions , screenshots , China ’s Blizzard fansite summit and some really interesting details .
To kick things off , the Korean website GameMeca had the chance to test out the latest StarCraft II build and received screenshots from the event .
In addition , they also have a StarCraft II impressions article which has been translated by SCLegacy .
Nothing too drastic or new but here ’s a quick summary below :
First off , the article talked about the loading time for SC2 .
Firstly , the demonstration version allowed multiplay through the method of IP connection , but like its predecessor ‘ StarCraft ’ , after the map was selected and the room was made , you could wait until other players came or added computers , and after the conditions were made you could start the game immediately .
The amazing truth is that there was no loading time .
Like eating rice after putting it in water ( a common way for Koreans to cool down rice instantly while not altering the flavor ) the loading time was over almost instantly , and because of this there was no time to enjoy the starting of the glorious first game , or for stretching , or for straightening your back there was the direct greeting that became a slight abuse .
This is great news for gamers who are frustrated over online games with long loading times and forcing you to wait for other players to finish loading their end of the game .
It seems Blizzard is using the game room to let players preload the map data , graphics , and engine before the start of the game .
Therefore , players can start the game immediately instead of waiting for everybody to load .
So if the loading time is faster , how about the game play itself ?
Since the game is going from 2d to 3d it must be slower then the predecessor .
From the speed of Probes mining minerals to the movement and attack speeds of the Zealots and Zerglings , and also the rate at which units killed and died in the middle of a battle .
The speed was approximately 1.5 times faster than the current ‘ Star ’ .
Thanks to this , in the small time I was fiddling with the game I found difficulty in using all my accumulated minerals , and found many cases where the battle started and ended with no time to look away .
Well there you go , since all the movements and attack speed of units are sped up then it will definitely make the game feel like it is going at a much faster rate .
Battles with opponents will probably have results immediately on who lost more units in the fight .
However , even though the game is in a much faster pace will this cause veterans to dislike the game play ?
Most likely gamers will need to come up with new strategy as well as adjusting their gameplays and styles .
Finally , we move on to the controls of the game .
… when multiple workers were selected and one mineral was clicked , instead of rushing all to that one mineral they all spread out , going in different directions like the good friends they are .
Next is the ability to hotkey multiple selections and squads .
The original selection cap of only 12 multiple selections has increased to 24 , and when selecting squads with hotkeys it was possible to go above the 24 limit .
If 25 Zealots were set to hotkey number 1 , the space that showed unit details said 24 units were set to hotkey 1 and the leftover one unit was set to hotkey 2 .
Each number hotkey had an icon on the screen , and when you clicked the icon the corresponding units were selected easily .
You could select 10 Gateways and set them to hotkey 1 .
Catch was , when multiple buildings were selected it was necessary to press the unit production button as many times as the number of buildings .
It was because if you pressed the button once , the first of the selected buildings started producing , and if you pressed another time the second building produced and so on .
This is great news for gamers who like myself was annoyed with all the workers grouping together on one mineral and then you have to select each worker to separate minerals .
The ability to mass units will be a fascination to me considering how much I love Zergs .
I tend to leave out units everywhere on the map due to my lazy hot keying action .
So now you can actually drag and set the hot key and not worry about the extra units , since they will be carried over to the next hot key .
Also , the detail feature is a nice add - on by Blizzard .
This might be annoying at first , but it actually let you control how many units you want to produce whether you have 10 buildings set to a hot key .
This is great for producing different units in a short amount of time and also less mistake in your unit production .
Continue onto page 2 for the Fansite Summit details and more screens of SC2 .
President of the Stimson Center Ellen Laipson ( C ) talks to Rep. Frank Wolf ( R - VA ) ( L ) , while President of the Middle East Policy Council Charles Freeman listens , prior to a panel discussion on the situation in Iraq and the findings of The Iraq Study Report , in Washington on December 13 , 2006 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
FLASHBACK : President of the Middle East Policy Council Charles Freeman speaks on the situation in Iraq and the findings of The Iraq Study Report at a discussion panel hosted by the USIP in Washington on December 13 , 2006 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
WASHINGTON , March 12 ( UPI ) -- A U.S. intelligence adviser blamed a pro-Israel lobby for an aggressive online campaign that forced him to withdraw as National Intelligence Council chairman .
When Charles Freeman Jr. abandoned his appointment to council , he said in via e-mail " the barrage of libelous distortions of my record ( that ) would not cease upon my entry into office " and blamed the " Israel Lobby " for the effort , The Washington Post reported Thursday .
Advertisement
" The libels on me and their easily traceable e-mail trails show conclusively that there is a powerful lobby determined to prevent any view other than its own from being aired , still less to factor in American understanding of trends and events in the Middle East , " Freeman said in the e-mail message .
The former U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia said " the Israel lobby " seeks to control the policy process " through the exercise of a veto " over those with differing views , the Post reported .
The result , he said , is " the inability of the American public to discuss , or the government to consider , any option for U.S. policies in the Middle East opposed by the ruling faction in Israeli politics . "
Several Jewish organizations spoke publicly against Freeman 's appointment but a handful of pro-Israeli bloggers and employees of other organizations privately raised concerns with members of Congress , their staffs and the media , the Post said .
Critics said Freeman 's views reflected a bias unacceptable for the chairman of the National Intelligence Council , who would oversee production of policy - neutral intelligence assessments , The New York Times reported .
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Nasa has placed another shuttle on stand - by if Atlantis is endangered The Hubble Space Telescope is set to receive its final overhaul when a space shuttle mission launches from Florida .
The shuttle Atlantis is scheduled to blast off on Monday in an attempt to repair the stricken space observatory .
Hubble has been hit by failures to its science instruments and to its onboard gyroscopes .
Engineers hope the challenging flight will give a new lease of life to one of the most important scientific tools ever built .
A successful mission would make Hubble up to 90 times more powerful than it was in its original guise and extend its operating lifetime until at least 2014 .
Shuttle Atlantis is due to lift off at 1901 BST ( 1401 EDT ) from Kennedy Space Center in Florida .
The seven crew have arrived at the pad and have begun boarding the vehicle .
Nasa said the weather remained favourable , with a 90 % chance of good conditions at the time of launch .
The fifth and final servicing flight was delayed last year , when a critical component of the telescope failed .
No more such missions are planned because of the space shuttle 's impending retirement in 2010 .
HUBBLE SPACE TELESCOPE
Named after the great US astronomer Edwin Hubble Launched in 1990 into a 600 km - high circular orbit Equipped with a 2.4 m primary mirror and five instruments Length : 15.9 m ; diameter : 4.2 m ; Mass : 11,110kg " Our workload is going to be very high , " the mission 's lead spacewalker John Grunsfeld told BBC News .
" There 's no time to take a breather and look around , it 's just going to be work , work , work . "
He added : " It 's going to be a marathon at a sprint pace for 11 days on orbit . "
But if all goes well , it could trigger a magnificent renaissance for the much - loved space telescope .
Martin Barstow , professor of astrophysics and space science at the University of Leicester , UK , has been closely involved in planning for the mission .
He told BBC News : " If ( the mission ) is successful , as we all hope , it will not just return Hubble to health but increase its capability tremendously with the addition of two new , even more powerful instruments .
" It is a testament to the ingenuity and commitment of many scientists and engineers .
I have no doubt that we will continue to be amazed by Hubble 's new discoveries during the next few years . "
After launch , Atlantis will rendezvous with Hubble , grab the telescope with its robotic arm and pull it on to a work platform to give astronauts easy access to its interior .
Crew members will install new instruments and thermal blankets , repair two existing instruments , replace gyroscopes , batteries and a unit that stores and transmits science data to Earth .
The overhaul will be carried out over five spacewalks .
Astronauts will remove the existing Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 instrument to make way for the new Wide Field Camera 3 ( WFC3 ) .
WFC3 will be Hubble 's first " panchromatic " camera with a wide field of view and is able to take amazingly sharp images over a broad range of colours .
" Wide Field Camera 3 is just going to blow people away with the pictures it is going to be able to take across a very wide wavelength spectrum , from the infrared to the ultraviolet , " Mr Grunsfeld said .
It will enable astronomers to carry out new studies of dark energy and dark matter and search for remote galaxies previously beyond Hubble 's vision .
People have devoted their lives , their hearts , their souls , their blood in some cases to building , operating and servicing Hubble
John Grunsfeld , shuttle astronaut
In pictures :
The best of Hubble Spacewalkers will also take out the Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement ( COSTAR ) device , installed during Hubble 's first servicing mission to correct the telescope 's flawed mirror .
This is no longer needed as instruments installed since have been designed individually to correct for the faults .
In COSTAR 's place , astronauts will install the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph ( COS ) , designed to help researchers probe galaxy evolution , the formation of planets , the elements required for life and the web of gas between galaxies .
Repairs will be made to the Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph ( STIS ) , which suffered a power failure in 2004 , and to the Advanced Camera for Surveys ( ACS ) , which was hit by an electrical short in 2007 .
" Personally , I 'm hoping that the astronauts will have time to repair the ACS camera .
It may not get done because there are higher priorities on the schedule , " said Dr Richard Massey , a fellow in astronomy at the Royal Observatory Edinburgh .
The WFC3 will seek out even earlier galaxies
Peering into Hubble 's future Referring to the two European Space Agency satellites , Herschel and Planck , which launch on Thursday , Dr Massey said it was a " make - or - break week for astronomy " .
Astronauts will also replace a worn - out fine guidance sensor , helping to maintain a robust ability to point the telescope .
After the work to Hubble is complete , Atlantis will boost the telescope to a higher altitude , ensuring that it survives the tug of Earth 's gravity for the remainder of its operating lifetime .
Professor Barstow commented : " I have to say that it has been a nail biting time waiting for this with all the problems that have got in the way , the most recent being the failure of the command and data handling module just about a week before the mission was due to launch last October .
" I think the team have done an amazing job of solving the problem of adding that repair to the programme and I wish them well for the mission . "
' Unique beast ' Launched in 1990 , the Hubble Space Telescope is now regarded as one of the most important instruments in the history of astronomy .
It has made a remarkable contribution to our understanding of the origin and evolution of the Universe .
Hubble has obtained the deepest views of the cosmos , finding high - interest objects for other observatories to investigate in detail .
Its studies of the Universe 's expansion also dramatically refined the best estimates for the age of the cosmos .
Its pictures have produced hard evidence for the existence of black holes and confirmed theories of planetary formation .
The mission will be complex and challenging for the spacewalkers
Three of the seven shuttle crew are veterans of previous Hubble servicing missions .
This will be Mr Grunsfeld 's third consecutive flight to the orbiting observatory .
Speaking to me at a conference last year , he said : " Hubble is something that has a huge family here on planet Earth .
People have devoted their lives , their hearts , their souls , their blood in some cases to building , operating and servicing Hubble .
" The results that we get - the science - are a bit like the love you would get from a pet .
Hubble is this unique beast .
When we go up into orbit , I really do feel this kinship with it .
Even more so after spending five days up close and personal working on it .
" When it 's time to leave , I do feel a little bit of sadness ... but my big goal is not to break it , and to send it off so it can do new science . "
Following the Columbia disaster in 2003 , which claimed the lives of seven astronauts , another mission to service Hubble was considered too hazardous .
The reason was astronauts would not be able to use the International Space Station ( ISS ) as a safe haven if the shuttle sustained damage on launch .
Nasa has now accepted the risk of the mission , but will have the shuttle Endeavour ready to launch immediately to bring the crew home if the servicing mission is endangered .
This unprecedented measure comes at a cost , however : a shuttle mission costs upwards of $ 450 m ( £ 298 m ; 333 m euros ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The 26th Annual Long Beach Lesbian & Gay Pride Celebration happened over the weekend , and along with it came the Sunday parade that runs along Ocean Boulevard for a mile or two to the main event at the Marina Green Park and Rainbow Lagoon .
Many of the participants are from family service organizations and churches , along with local businesses who dress up for a celebration of diversity .
Thousands of locals lined the streets in what 's become a real street party for gays and straights alike on a beautiful spring morning .
For example , in Saudi Arabia , a country ruled by Islamic law , sorcery , witchcraft , and blasphemy are all crimes punishable by death ... they behead people convicted of these " crimes " in the public square .
This is what Islamic law advocates .
Saudi Arabia holds to Shariah Law and has a Religious Police to enforce all the aspects of Shariah Law .
Christian Bibles are destroyed by the thousands like book burnings in Nazi Germany .
This is not a religion of tolerance as so many Muslims claim .
" True Islam permits neither elections nor democracy . "
-- Sufi Mohammed , Muslim Cleric
THERE IS A FUNDAMENTAL CONTRADICTION BETWEEN BEING A DEVOUT MUSLIM AND RESPECTING THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION AND ITS GUARANTEES OF VARIOUS FREEDOMS !
Saudi Arabia infuses Islam in all aspects of daily life .
The practice of any other religion is against the law and there is an actual Religious Police to enforce this law .
This ends any discussion concerning Islam 's tolerance of other religions .
All laws come from Shariah Law and with its foundation in the Koran , it is the law .
Muslims are convinced that this is the way all life should be lived .
The belief is , " If Shariah Law is good for now , then it is good for all times , " and they firmly believe that concept because Shariah Law comes directly from the Koran , which they believe is the direct word of Allah .
Islam , as practiced by the " Radical " fundamentalists that lead the religion , does not encourage the pursuit of knowledge outside of itself as can be seen by their attitude toward other cultures especially Western Culture .
This is the reason Islam is often referred to as " the religion which has produced nothing but religion " .
Essentially , anything that is not Islamic is not encouraged and in many instances , it is outright forbidden .
Ideals Americans take for granted such as Freedom of Religion , Freedom of Speech , and Freedom of the Press have absolutely no meaning or place within Islamic culture .
Islam with Shariah Law constitutes a totalitarian means of ruling society at EVERY level , including ritual worship , transactions and contracts , morals and matters , beliefs and punishments , the servitude of women , etc , etc , etc ...
The words " peace " and " tolerance " are not defined in Islam as it is defined in the West .
It does not mean ceasefire or compromise .
That is a temporary illusion that people of the western culture are encouraged and fooled into believing .
The Prophet Muhammad defined the state of peace and tolerance as a moment when the entire world submits to Allah and embraces Islam and that is the way that Islam defines " peace " and " tolerance " .
In Islam , the way to achieve peace is through settlement , jihad , and the institution of the Sharia ( Islamic law ) ... not compromise ... not tolerance of other religions ... not allowing non-Muslims to exist and live their lives as they wish .
And before the State of Universal Islamization , " It is the duty of every Muslim male to wage war against Infidels " – not just by preaching and persuading , but by any means necessary and as the world has seen , by extreme violence whenever possible .
It is one of the core beliefs of Islam .
The idea that Islam has any real degree of tolerance as defined in the Western World is not only fallacious but it is dangerous , especially to non-Muslims .
" If we were united and strong , we 'd elect our own emir ( leader ) and give allegiance to him ...
Take my word , if 6 - 8 million Muslims unite in America , the country will come to us . "
-- Siraj Wahaj , a black convert to Islam and the recipient of some of the American Muslim community 's highest honors , had the privilege of becoming the first Muslim to deliver the daily prayer in the U.S. House of Representatives
Three Things You ( Probably ) Do n't Know About Islam
In Islamic states , where there is no formally recognized separation between religion and law , mosque and state , Shariah Law is a cornerstone and is often implemented as the final and ultimate formulation of the law of God , not to be revised or reformulated by mere mortal and fallible human beings .
Freedom does not exist in Islam .
Only Islam exists in Islam .
Ideally , Islam and its teachings would run the State and all laws would be based on criteria from the Koran .
" Islam is a revolutionary faith that comes to destroy any government made by man .
Islam does n't look for a nation to be in better condition than another nation .
Islam does n't care about the land or who own the land .
The goal of Islam is to rule the entire world and submit all of mankind to the faith of Islam .
Any nation or power in this world that tries to get in the way of that goal , Islam will fight and destroy . "
-- Mawlana Abul Ala Mawdudi , founder of Pakistan 's Fundamentalist Movement
Their goal is to make Islam a Worldwide State sanctioned religion led by religious leaders having complete power , forcibly suppressing opposition and criticism , regimenting all aspects of life based on Islamic teachings , and emphasizing Islam to the detriment of any and all other religions and secular beliefs .
For people that have grown up with Freedom and Liberty , this is often a hard realization to comprehend .
Islam as a religion requires mandatory implementation and participation as a way of life and is the goal of all Muslims .
For Muslims , Islam is the only true religion .
All other religions are false and an insult to Allah , Islam , " the prophet " Muhammad , and all Muslims .
Under Islamic law , infidel religions and beliefs will not be tolerated .
With Islam , there is no Freedom of Religion , there is no Individual Freedom ; there is only Islam and the Islamic way of life .
" He who fights that Islam should be superior fights in Allah 's cause . "
-- Muhammad , Prophet of Islam " By their acts , we shall know them and so we know them . "
-- Pamela Gella , 06 November 2009
Once you understand this concept , it is easy to comprehend what Islam really is .
As a religion , Islam is run by Radical Muslims .
They are the loudest and most vocal on Islam .
The Radical Muslims are the true Muslims that dictate and control Islam .
They are the ones that fight to get what they want based on Islamic Law .
This webpage aims to show what they have done , what they are doing now , and the role they want for Islam in the future .
The term " Radical Islam " is often used when describing Islam .
It is a deceptive term in that it assumes there is a more moderate and peaceful version of Islam ... there is not !
Islam is a Radical ideology on its own as can be seen in its doctrine .
There is no need to use the word " Radical " as though there was a " Non-Radical " form of Islam .
There is only one Islam and it is at war with the rest of world for planetary control and domination .
It is not just a war with an ideology , but with a people , including their elderly , their women , and their children .
There is no war with a separate entity of Islam called " Radical Islam " ...
THE WAR IS WITH ALL OF ISLAM .
Whether you like it or not , whether you agree with it or not , whether you believe it or not , Islamic Terrorists are the cause for almost all of the world 's terrorist attacks .
There are always detractors that will advance the notion that these " Islamic Terrorists " are not true Muslims , but such is not the case .
These terrorists are dedicated Muslims and serious students of Islam and its teachings .
They understand what Islam is , what it means to be a defender of Allah and of Islam , and what is required to be a good Muslim .
Remember , Muslims believe that Islam is the only true religion , superior to all other religions and beliefs .
They also believe there are no innocent people other than Muslims therefore killing non-Innocents is acceptable to Allah as some legitimate form of retribution as they believe they are on a mission with orders directly from Allah as written in the Koran to destroy anything they see as a threat or an insult to Islam and Allah .
Unbelievers are not worthy of living ; they deserve to die .
Examine a somewhat hidden concept of Islam .
To advance the cause of Islam is to implement the complete domination of Islam over all other religions with the goal being the eventual elimination of other religions .
When a Muslim dies while attempting to advance the cause of Islam , including by warfare and killing , it is not considered suicide , but a glorious act worthy of a secured place in Paradise .
Islam is unique among major world religions in this concept .
The Koran teaches salvation through fighting and killing non-Muslims .
We see this reality whenever a suicide bomber strikes , Muslims are quick to heave praise on the terrorist and on the family of the suicide bomber .
There is nothing but contempt given to the victims .
There is one historical precedent rarely discussed about Islam that helps to explain the terrorist mentality commonly associated with Islam .
The bloody legacy of Muhammad is a constant challenge for anyone living within the borders of Islamic belief .
The violence that Muslim armies would level on people across North Africa , the Middle East , Europe , and Asia as far as India is a tribute to a founder who condoned slavery , rape , murder and forced conversion in the cause of spreading the rule of his religion .
This concept established by Muhammad as a fundamental tool to spread Islam is certainly the basis for terror campaigns against Western infidels and the general apathy that Muslims around the world have to the violence against non-Muslims .
There are a lot of myths about Islam as to whether it is a Religion of Peace and Tolerance and what that actually means .
The following link addresses ten of those myths .
Why We Fear Islam ,
Why We Should Fear Islam
As Americans who were brought up in a prodominately Judeo - Christian society , when we look at others , it is common to see other people that worship other religions as just peaceful people and we want to believe they only want to live in peace as we do .
They live their day to day lives much like us ... going to work , coming home , spending the weekends doing chores that could not be done during the week .
We see pretty much all people as equal .
That is not the way Muslims see us .
Make no mistake , non-Muslims are clearly seen as Kafirs ... second class citizens that should be subjegated under the control of Islam .
After all , Islam means " Submission " and that is exactly what the religion means to do to non-Muslims .
And until we have the courage to understand and know the real history of Islam and how Muslims have treated non-Muslims , we are going to continue to die by the edge of the Islamic sword .
Very few Americans actually know anything about how Islam has changed the world and how many hundreds of millions of non-Muslims have suffered and died under the tyrany of Islam .
The following video will explain this history and the extremely violent nature of Islam .
Just remember , Islam is the only religion that proudly makes videos of the beheading non-Muslims .
Under Islamic Law , There Are Guidelines For Beating Your Wife
For those Liberals that love to make excuses for Muslims and blame the Jews , America , or anyone else they like to blame for Islamic hatred , please enjoy this explanation of the guidelines for beating your wife entitled " How To Beat Your Wife " .
Believe it or not , there is actually a specific etiquette for a man to beat his wife .
In Islam , a woman must be honored by a good beating for her own good .
This is necessary in order to instill disipline .
But do not believe us , just see what Islam has to say on the subject in this very enlightening video broadcasted on MEMRI - TV .
If you are Pro-Islam , then you are by definition you understand the necessity for beating your wife when she does not perform as she should .
This makes training your new 9 - 12 year - old bride to service her new husband when he wants to be serviced , as is the custom in Islam , very easy .
As an Islamic man , if your wife ever refuses to have sex when you want , you are free to beat her until she will never entertain the thought of refusing to have sex with you again .
For you Liberal women , expecially those associated with CodePINK , reading this editorial , this observation might be eye - opening if you really want to see the truth .
Islam And Muslims Are Responsible
For The African Slave Trade
What most people do not realize is that the slave trade that brought Africans from Africa to North and South America and throughout parts of Europe was due to the tireless efforts of Muslims and in accordance with Islamic Law .
Just another set of facts illustrating the truth about Islam .
A Muslim Hero
www.youtube.com/watch?v=cS6NyrexKlk
No Muslim is speaking out against this criminal , instead , they hold him in high regard as a hero and worthy Muslim ... a loyal and proud follower of Islam .
In the religion of Islam , this is a good Muslim .
What are Muslims to take from this ?
What are Non-Muslims to take from this ?
This is just another example showing Islam and its hatred of everything not Muslim .
This Is Islam
" There is no god worthy of worship except Allah .
Muhammad ... peace be upon him is the final messenger from Allah .
Islam is the true religion and the only religion acceptable to Allah . "
-- Michael Storms , average typical Muslim , follower of Hamza Yusuf
This is what Islam teaches .
Some other religions believe they are the only way to heaven , but Islam is the only religion that openly and actively believes in the subjugation and / or the elimination of all other religions by killing non-believers , forced conversions , or enslavement to Muslims as being the acceptable solutions to other religions .
In the end , all that is allowed is Islam .
If you do not believe what we say about the true beliefs and intentions of Islam , just listen to what this Muslim Cleric has to say .
As stated by Imam Anjen Choudary , the following statements accurately describe the true beliefs of Islam .
Just do what we say and everything will be fine .
All land is Muslim land .
I will never condemn a Muslim .
Shariah Law should be the law of the land and forced on all people .
" They may say one thing to you in front of CNN but I can assure you behind your backs they are standing with their Muslim brother and sisters ...
It is an Islamic obligation . "
-- Imam Anjem Choudary " The Shariah is the divine law sent by Allah ...
It is justice for mankind ...
It is a noble thing to invite someone to a superior way of life . "
-- Imam Anjem Choudary
Islam is an absolute ideology based on total submission to its teachings and authority .
Being an authoritarian doctrine , Islam does not accept opposing views or ideas .
There is no tolerance of other religions or beliefs .
Muslims are obligated to embrace terrorist actions against non-Muslims .
Mosques are not Houses of Worship , they are Houses of Terrorism .
Hatred is preached as divine prophecy against all things not Muslim .
Islamic law actually places a lesser value on human beings that are " non-believers " .
Muslims keep saying that Allah is a merciful God .
The following is a perfect example showing how Islam sees this quality in their God .
Ishaq : 327 - Allah said , " A prophet must slaughter before collecting captives .
A slaughtered enemy is driven from the land .
Muhammad , you craved the desires of this world , its goods and the ransom captives would bring .
But Allah desires killing them to manifest the religion . "
This does not seem to be the actions of a merciful and loving God , but it does show what Muslims believe and what doctrine dictates how they live their lives .
More on the violence that Muslims believe that Allah has commanded them to inflict on " non-believers " can be seen by clicking HERE .
If you read the passage and actually think about what it says , it does seem like the teachings of Islam was not actually revealed by God to Muhammad , but rather inspired by Muhammad 's selfish desire to legitimize the violence he visited on his victims as a warlord with hopes of conquest and the accumulation of riches .
You just do not see many religions where God advocates murder and the ransom of captives .
Usually , actions of this nature are considered wrong , but in Islam , it is not only acceptable , but encouraged as a necessary aspect of spreading the religion of Islam .
Here is a common sense video that everyone should view .
If you want to voice your concerns about Cordoba House ( Ground Zero Mosque / Islamic Victory Mosque ) , feel free to contact Mayor Bloomberg :
Contact Information for Mayor Bloomberg :
New York , NY
Tel : ( 311 ) 312-0136
Tel : ( 212 ) 639-9675 ( outside NYC )
FAX : ( 311 ) 312-0136
E-mail : www.nyc.gov/html/mail/html/mayor.html
The following video illustrates the problems that are taking place in every western country on the planet that have accepted Muslims into their country .
Muslims are living off of the taxpayers are busy plotting against the very people that support them .
The hatred of Muslims toward non-Muslims is rampant and real .
Islam does not coexist with democracy , Islam will NEVER accept other religions , and it is a highly dangerous , vicious ideology .
Anyone that understands what Islam really is does not WANT in my country .
Anybody who wants to believe in Islamic ideology should go and live in an Islamic country and be happy there , I am tired of the whining of them in my country , they demand and demand , but NO CHRISTIAN has any rights in Islamic countries .
Here we clearly hear the difference in Islamic law and local law .
They do not respect local law .
To these hardcore Muslims , local laws mean nothing .
There is only Islamic Law ... there is only Islam .
Nothing else matters ...
No one else matters .
Life has such little value to these Muslims , especially non-Muslim life .
This is Islam !!!
The way it has been , the way it is , and the way it will continue to be .
The Threat Of Islam
WARNING FROM A FORMER MUSLIM
I was born and raised as Muslim .
My whole family is still Muslim .
I know every genetic code of Muslim .
I know Islamic brain .
I live and breathe with them .
I am an insider .
I left Islam when I understood that Islam is a sick and evil religion .
The following are the Islamic message to the West .
To the infidels of the West : The Constitution for the new Islamic Republics of EuroArabia and AmerIslamia is under construction .
We will fight the infidel to death .
Meanwhile American laws will protect us .
Democrats and Leftist will support us .
N.G.O.s will legitimize us .
C.A.I.R. will incubate us .
The A.C.L.U. will empower us .
Western Universities will educate us .
Mosques will shelter us
O.P.E.C. will finance us
Hollywood will love us .
Kofi Annan and most of the United Nations will cover our asses .
Our children will immigrate from Pakistan , Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Iran , and Indonesia and even from India to the US and to the other Western countries .
They will go to the West for education in full scholarship .
America is paying and will continue to pay for our children 's educations and their upbringing in state funded Islamic schools .
We will use your welfare system .
Our children will also send money home while they are preparing for Jihad .
We will take the advantage of American kindness , gullibility , and compassion .
When time comes , we will stab them in the back .
We will say one thing on the camera and teach another thing to our children at home .
We will give subliminal messages to our children to uphold Islam at any cost .
Our children in America will always care more about Islamic Country 's interest than US interest .
We will teach our children Islamic supremacy from the very childhood .
We will teach them not to compromise with Infidel .
Once we do that from the very early age our children wo n't hesitate to be martyr .
We will take over the Europe first and then US will be the next .
We already have a solid ground in the UK , Holland , Sweden , Spain , Italy , Germany , and now in the US .
Our children will marry Caucasian in Europe and in America .
We will mix with intricate fabric of the Western society but still will remember to Jihad when time comes .
Who are we ?
We are the " sleeper cells " .
We will raise our children to be loyal to Islam and Mohammad only .
Everything else is secondary .
At the time of the real fight we will hold our own children as our armor .
When American or Israeli troops shoot at us the world will be watching .
Imagine the news in the world " Death of Muslim babies by infidels " .
We know CNN , ABC , CBS are broadcasting live .
Al - Jazeera will pour gasoline on the fire .
The news will spread like wildfire .
" Americans killed 6 babies , 10 babies " and " Jews killed two women " .
Keep your Nukes in your curio cabinets .
Keep your aircraft carrier or high - tech weaponry in the showcase .
You can't use them against us because of your own higher moral standard .
We will take the advantage of your higher moral standard and use it against you .
We wo n't hesitate to use our children as suicide bomber against you .
Visualize the news flash all over the world ... Muslim mother is sobbing ... crying .
... Her babies are killed by Jews and Americans , the whole world is watching live .
Hundreds of millions of Muslims all around the world are boiling .
They will march through Europe .
We will use our women to produce more babies who will in turn be used as armor / shield .
Our babies are the gift from Allah for Jihad .
West manufactures their tanks in the factory .
We will manufacture our military force by natural means , by producing more babies .
That is the way it is cheaper .
You infidels at this site cannot defeat us .
We are 1.2 billion .
We will double again .
Do you have enough bullets to kill us ?
On the camera :
We will always say , " Islam is the Religion of Peace . "
We will say , " Jihad is actually inner Jihad . "
Moderate Muslims will say there is no link between Islam and Terrorism and the West will believe it because the West is so gullible .
Moderate Muslims all over the world will incubate Jihadist by their talk by defending Islam .
Using the Western Legal system we will assert our Shariah Laws , slowly but surely .
We will increase in number .
We will double again .
You will be impressed when you meet a moderate Muslim personally .
As your next - door neighbor , coworker , student , teacher , engineer , professionals you may even like us .
You will find us well mannered , polite , humble that will make you say , " Wow , Muslims are good and peaceful people " , but , we will stab you in your back when you are sleeping as we did on 911 .
There will be more 911 in Europe and in America .
We will say , " We do not support terrorism but America got what it deserved . "
Muslims , CAIR , ISNA , MPAC and other international Islamic Organization will unite .
We will partner with Leftist , ACLU , with Koffi Annan , and the UN , and if we have to then even with France .
Fasten your seatbelt .
The war of civilizations has just begun .
We will recite Quran and say Allah - Hu - Akbar before beheading infidels , as we have been doing it .
We will video tape those and send it to all infidels to watch .
They will surrender - ISLAM means surrender .
We will use your own values of kindness against you .
You are destined to lose .
Must be very depressing for you , is n't it ?
Allah - Hu - Akbar as we say just before beheading .
21st Century Islamic Warfare :
Muslims Vs. the West
- Let 's see the effectiveness of Islamic warfare - THE RULE HAS CHANGED .
There is new game in town .
Bill Clinton ordered 50 Tomahawks Cruise missiles costing $ 100,000,000 to destroy $ 50 mud houses that belonged to Osama 's family .
What stupidity ?
What a poor ROI ( Return On Investment ) !
And then Bush went into Iraq !
In return Osama 's attack on the US .
Cost : 19 martyrs and less than $ 500,000 .
Cost to the West : over 3,000 dead .
At least $ 1,000,000,000,000 ( one trillion ) dollars economical loss in one year .
This includes the ripple effect .
Osama 's ROI with respect to : life = 3,000 /19 = 158 fold .
Dollar = $ 1 tr./500 K = 2,000,000 fold
That is modern warfare .
The West will lose .
Allah - Hu - Akbar Islam will rule the world .
There is nothing you can do .
Even if the per capita GDP of the world drops to half of its present level as a consequence of Islamic laws in place all over the world but still Islam will rule the word .
From your point of view we bring to the world to the dark ages , so be it .
But still Islam wins , West looses .
Are you sure you want to play this game ?
Jihad ... Jihad ... Jeeehaaad ...
You are destined to lose .
Allah - Hu - Akbar Saudi Arabia's $ 100 billion investment over the last 3 decades on over 60 thousands Madrassas and school all over the Islamic world is finally paying off .
While the West was busy inventing medicine , increasing life expectancy , elevating human suffering , decoding human gene to find cure for Cancer , heart disease etc , launching space shuttle , inventing internet , working on new laws / theory for human rights , developing better economical models for a more prosperous world , while ACLU was gaining control over common sense , while American ingenuity was benefiting the rest of the world , we Muslims were busy producing over 200 million out of 1.4 billion , Walking , Talking , Non-Thinking , West - Hating , Pre-Programmed , Suicidal , Parasitic , Terrorist Robots .
You can't win .
The Genie is out of the bottle .
We will use American 's kindness , fairness , compassion , freedom of speech and non-discriminatory policy against them .
We will stab them in the back .
What are you going to do ?
You are doomed .
This is no exaggeration .
This is what Western Civilization is fighting .
All non-Islamic culture is on the line .
To say that Islam is a danger to non-Muslims is not a stretch .
In 30 years , Muslims will be a majority in some countries in Europe .
For those that do not remember , Lebanon was a Christian country until Muslim immigration was unchecked .
Once the Muslim population reached a critical mass , it exploded in violence and war .
The truth in America is silenced by Political Correctness .
The fear of hurting someone 's feelings trumps facing the truth .
Make no mistake ; this flaw will be used against America .
The freedoms we cherish and take for granted will be used against Americans until these freedoms no longer exist .
Muslims know they are at war with the Western World .
Unfortunately , there are so many in the West that refuse to accept this fact , instead choosing to bury their head in the sand hoping Muslims that will never resort to violence .
History shows this to be a dangerous attitude .
Islam does not have much compassion for people that do not acknowledge that Islam is the only true religion .
At some point , there will be a winner , but at the expense of war and bloodshed .
Whoever wants it the most and is not afraid to fight and do what is necessary to win will be the winner .
Islamic Control Over Every
Aspect Of Everyday Life
We made the statement that Islam is against personal freedoms such as the freedoms we enjoy in America .
Get ready for this .
Iran is now implementing official Islamic haircut regulations .
You read that right ; there is now an official Islamic approved hairstyle for men in Iran .
Jaleh Khodayar , the director of the Hijab and Chastity Festival has announced a guideline for men's haircuts .
All Muslim men in Iran will have to follow the catalogue and may not make their own style .
The haircut catalog is part of the Iranian government 's long - running battle against Western cultural influence .
Every summer , the country 's morality police renew their crackdown on " un-Islamic " dress and styles , including loose veils on women and long hair or ponytails on men .
Special police squads have stopped or arrested unmarried couples , women wearing too much makeup and people playing Western music .
The new law will not allow a Muslim to have mullet or spiked hair .
Mr. Khodayar said , " We do n't have a backward attitude .
We are trying to present new hairstyles while preserving tradition and observing Iranian culture ...
This is how we will fight back against the Western cultural invasion ...
These hairstyles were designed according to aesthetic science , the type of neck , beard , length of chin , and the culture of the provinces . "
The religious police of Iran will monitor all barber shops and make sure everyone complies with the new rule .
This is just one example of how in Islam , there is no freedom , just Islam .
These haircut standards are based on Islam tradition and therefore have a basis in Islamic Law .
This is no different than when the Taliban took control of Afghanistan and set the requirement that all Muslim men grow beards and forced women into burkas .
Just wait until there is a Muslim majority in Europe in the next 20 - 30 years and the local religious police unit that started as some kind of neighborhood watch committee implements roving patrols .
The Truth About Moderate Islam
Muslims are not allowed to choose what parts of Islam and the Koran they wish to accept .
It is not up for debate .
Islam teaches the Koran to be the direct word of Allah that descended direct from heaven .
What Islam considers to be moderate Muslims are the Muslims who do not actively participate in the physical part of jihad , fighting , bombing , etc ...
These moderates are moderate ONLY because they do not actively fight or directly engage themselves in terrorism , but they do support the goals of Jihad and the terrorists .
They all may claim to hate the acts of Islamic terrorists but they agree with the ultimate goal which is the Islamification of the world .
Just because Muslims claim to be moderate does not mean they do not believe in the precepts of the Koran ... they do .
Consider the 1.3 billion moderate Muslims to the 13 million ( 1 % ) extremists .
If the 1.3 billion Muslims wanted to end Islamic terrorism , does anyone think they could not do so ?
Who do you think funds these terrorist groups and how do they do it ?
It is the ordinary " moderate " Muslims who contribute to all the phony Muslim charities that serve as fronts for terrorist organizations .
You can see some of these phony charities in action by clicking HERE .
After 9/11 , did you see anywhere near 6 million Muslim - Americans condemning it ?
It was on the news every night but we only saw a relative small handful of Muslims speaking out against the 9/11 attack , a few dozen at best .
Of those that did speak against it , most were worried how non-Muslims would view Islam by making the claim that murder and terrorism was not what Islam teaches .
Now ask the next logical question .
How many Muslims were privately cheering at the sight of the destruction of the World Trade Center ?
What no one wants to admit is that Islam has been a radical and violent Religion since its inception .
It was never intended to be a religion based on peace .
It was designed as a religion of control and submission .
History bears witness that Islam and the Koran was merely scheme to legitimize the violence committed by Muhammad and his band of criminals in their endeavor to engage in all manner of crimes to enrich and empower themselves over local populations .
It is no secret that Muhammad and his followers raped , plundered , beheaded and murdered under the approval of the Koran .
So much of the Koran is nothing more than an excuse or exemption from civilized laws that allow crimes such as pedophilia and the killing of infidels ( who are not considered to be innocent ) to go unpunished .
Founded by a violent radical that never advocated peace , Muhammad the founder and Prophet of Islam , was nothing more than a highway robber , assassin , mass - murderer , sexual pervert , rapist , and warlord .
He called for and engaged in the mass slaughter of those who refused to convert or submit to Islam .
He was a notorious pedophile , enjoying sex with many very young girls and teenagers captured in raids and made into sex slaves .
Muhammad kidnapped , raped , bought and sold slaves with regularity .
One only needs to remember the story of how Muhammad enslaved Safiya and slaughtered her family at the battle of Kaybaras as proof of these claims .
Whenever Islamic terrorists strike , " moderate " Muslims always revert to the claim that all Muslim terrorists are not " True Muslims " .
The fact is , they are living as Muhammad lived and following the example and teachings set forth by Muhammad for all Muslims to follow .
Muslims are generally ignorant of the life - story of the Prophet Muhammad and have been brainwashed to believe that Muhammad was the greatest man ever to appear on earth by concealing his violent and inhuman deeds .
If Muhammad was alive today and was not currently revered as the " Prophet of Allah " , he would obviously be put into prison in just about any country of the world for his long history of terrorist acts , murders , theft , perverted sex crimes , and crimes against humanity .
Many countries today would quickly execute him for being a dangerous and violent sexual predator and murderer .
There is nothing holy about Muhammad other than what devotion and sanctity Muslims are quick to place upon him .
His goal of worldwide Islamic domination is as alive today as it was 1400 years ago .
It is supported by all Muslims because Muslims are not allowed to speak against Islam or the Prophet Muhammad .
The actions of Muhammad are sacred and are Islam .
A great deal of effort in all Mosques around the world supports the premise that if Islam is good for today , it is good for all times .
If Muslims did not believe this concept , they would not be Muslim .
To create and maintain the illusion of Muhammad as the greatest man in history and the true Prophet of God , every year hundreds of people are brutally beaten and murdered by Muslim mobs on the allegation of blasphemy and " moderate " Muslims everywhere stand quiet and unapologetic thereby giving silent approval to the atrocities committed by their brothers in the name of Islam .
Muslims fail to publically condemn these acts and these terrorists as non-Muslims have .
One may wonder what the foundation for this lack of condemnation is .
There is a concept or tradition that prevents speaking against other Muslims .
According to Muhammad , " A Muslim is the brother of a Muslim .
He neither oppresses him nor humiliates him nor looks down upon him .
All things of a Muslim are inviolable for his brother in faith : his blood , his wealth , and his honor . "
A Muslim is forbidden to speak against the will of another Muslim .
There is a mandate in Islam for Muslims to be loyal to fellow Muslims and Islam .
This means that disloyalty to all things non-Muslim , including the American people and their government is not only acceptable , but required to be a good Muslim .
The foremost duty of Islam is to depose all unbelievers from the leadership of man , and to take the leadership of the world and place it under the control of Islam and enforce the Islamic way of life which is its permanent feature .
Under Islamic law , Muslims are forbidden to convert from Islam to another religion .
" If a Muslim discards his religion , kill him . "
-- Muhammad , Prophet of Islam
If a Muslim believes in active rebellion against secular or non-Muslim rule does not change the fact that Islam is defined by allegiance to Allah and Muhammad .
Therefore any extraneous loyalty that is in contradiction to what Allah has already established would be strictly forbidden .
Deceit , Thy Name Is Islam
[ Sura 3:54 ] " Allah was the best of deceivers "
When you see quotes like this , it shows that Islam is a religion of Deception and Revenge , not Peace and Tolerance .
Al - taqiyya is a policy whereby a Muslim may lie , deceive or omit critical truths if it promotes the spreading of Islam AND the conquest of the non-Muslim world .
This is the Islamic principle of lying for the sake of Allah .
Falsehoods told to prevent denigration of Islam , to protect oneself , or to promote the cause of Islam are sanctioned by the Qur'an , including lying under penalty of perjury in testimony before the United States Congress , lying or making distorted statements to the media such as claiming that Islam is a religion of peace and deceiving fellow Muslims when the one lying has deemed them to be apostates .
Islam is the only religion that allows lying and deceit as part of their doctrine .
Most religions promote honesty , integrity , and love for fellow man , but not Islam .
Deceit is part of Islam .
It is an important part of the interaction with people of other religions .
Non-Muslims feel compelled to communicate with others in an honest manner and Muslims allow themselves the option of lying in any communication or negotiation as a tenet of their religion .
This deceit is a product of Islamic teachings of its followers to disrespect non-Muslims as they are not worthy of honesty .
All but a very few of the most fundamental Muslims consider the act of Al - taqiyya or lying to non-Muslims to be a good work .
This is very important when one remembers that , in Islam , salvation is determined by good works .
A Muslim must do his good works consistently and repeatedly to earn his salvation with the greatest work being that of dying while fighting non-Muslims .
For this reason , it is a very common practice for Muslims , especially leaders , to lie about the war against non-Muslims .
These lies come in many forms such as denying that Islam is at war against non-Muslims , that the Koran teaches salvation through fighting and killing non-Muslims , feigning sympathy for the 9/11 attack , or Muslim countries denying that they have military intentions against Israel , the US , or other non-Muslim countries .
Are the Muslim peace protestors in the US earning their salvation by lying and trying to interfere with the US and Israel 's efforts to defend themselves ?
Is the Muslim sympathy for the US concerning 9/11 nothing more than earning the salvation of the Muslims by feigning sympathy for the US ?
Are the Muslim leaders and official speakers using Al - taqiyya to earn salvation by lying to the US media about them fighting because they are " being oppressed by Israel " when there are plenty of Muslims who are citizens in Israel , have good jobs , have their own successful and prosperous businesses , who vote , and are even in the Israeli government ?
Most Muslims are familiar with the principles of Islam that will justify lying in situations where they sense the need to do so .
Among these are :
War is deception .
The necessities justify the forbidden .
If faced by two evils , choose the lesser of the two .
It should come as no surprise to anyone that Muslims believe the spread of Islam is an ABSOLUTE necessity .
Lying is a completely acceptable tactic used to help Islam gain a foothold in a local population .
Any and all unethical behaviors are acceptable to help Islam gain domination over all people and all other religions .
One passage from the Hadith quotes Mohammed as saying : " The sons of Adam are accountable for all lies except those uttered to help bring reconciliation between Muslims . "
[ Surah 3:28 ]
" Let not the believers Take for friends or helpers Unbelievers rather than believers : if any do that , in nothing will there be help from Allah : except by way of precaution ( prevention ) , that ye may Guard yourselves from them ( prevent them from harming you . )
But Allah cautions you ( To remember ) Himself ; for the final goal is to Allah . "
According to this verse a Muslim can pretend to befriend infidels ( in violation of the teachings of Islam ) and display adherence with their unbelief to prevent them from harming him .
Muslim scholars do not say Muslims can lie any time they want to , but rather they can lie to non-Muslims for purposes of war , safety , and advancing Islam .
Muslims can communicate something with apparent sincerity , when in reality they may have just the opposite agenda in their hearts .
Islam permits Muslims to lie anytime that they perceive that their own well - being , or that of Islam , is threatened .
This can be seen any time it seems that Islam is allowing other religions to exist .
Islam only sees Islam as the ONE and ONLY true religion .
All other religions are an insult to Islam .
You can look at it like this ...
Being honest with someone or some group is a sign of respect .
Muslims have 1400 years of history seeing non-Muslims to be less than honorable people , even sub - human that are not worthy of Muslim respect .
The spread of Islam and world domination of Islam is their ultimate goal .
Lies and deception are merely tools to be used to destroy anything that restricts , prevents , or gets in their way of achieving this goal .
Concerning international politics , the question is : Can Muslims be trusted to keep their end of the agreements that they sign with non-Muslims ?
It is a known Islamic practice , that when Muslims are weak they can agree with most anything , but once they become strong and it is in their best interest , then their religious beliefs allow them to negate what they formerly promised in accordance with Islamic doctrine and apparently with Allah 's blessing .
With Muslim populations increasing in Europe , it would be in the best interest of Europeans to understand this fact .
Agreements made with " Infidels " are rarely honored and that level of contempt is how Muslims view non-Muslims .
For example , any agreements with regard to Shariah Law only extending to Muslims will soon be null and void when Muslim populations expand to 30 - 40 % of the local population .
An example of Islamic deception is that Muslim activists always quote the passages of the Quran from the early part of Mohammed 's ministry while living in Mecca .
These texts are peaceful and exemplify tolerance towards those that are not followers of Islam .
They are all fully aware that most of these passages were cancelled and replaced by passages that came after he migrated to Medina .
The replacement verses reflect all of the prejudice , intolerance , and advocating of violence upon unbelievers .
Muslim leaders can use this loophole in their religion , to absolve them from any permanent commitment .
What Muslim activists say to spread Islam may not always be the complete truth .
When dealing with Muslims , what they say is not the issue .
The real issue is what they actually mean in their hearts .
In other words , it is best to remember their history of past actions rather than to listen to their false promises of peace .
" They may say one thing to you in front of CNN but I can assure you behind your backs ... they are standing with their Muslim brother and sisters ...
It is an Islamic obligation . "
-- Imam Anjem Choudary
The Muslim Brotherhood
" We fight them over there so we do n't have to fight them over here . "
It is too late ... they are already here .
The Muslim Brotherhood is one of those extreme groups that have a lot of support from " Moderate Muslims " .
Here is some information on this group .
The Muslim Brotherhood is a Sunni transnational movement and the largest political opposition organization in many Arab states .
The world 's oldest and largest Islamic political group , it was founded in 1928 , in Egypt by the schoolteacher Hassan al - Banna .
The Brotherhood 's stated goal is to instill the Koran and Sunnah as the " sole reference point for ordering the life of the Muslim family , individual , community ... and state " .
Since its inception in 1928 the movement has officially and publically opposed violent means to achieve its goals , however , the Brotherhood 's goal is the same as every other Islamic groups ; the spread of Islam throughout the world with all of the " Peace " ' " Love " , and " Tolerance " contained within its doctrine .
This is not an organization that helps the poor and sends aid to disaster victims .
The Muslim Brotherhood is violent enough that it is banned in Egypt , and members have been arrested for their participation in it .
The Brotherhood believes the Koran and Sunna constitute a perfect way of life and social and political organization that God has set out for man .
They called for the establishment of Shariah Law .
Their belief is that all governments must be based on this system .
Like all Islamic groups , the Muslim Brotherhood strongly opposes Western Culture , Democracy , and Freedom .
If you think the above video is fightening , wait until you see the next video clip .
The Muslim Brotherhood is very much alive and an active supporter of terrorist groups .
www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-HIQQMUrLc
Islamic Society of Central Florida
Al - Rahman Mosque
1089 N. Goldenrod Rd .
Orlando , FL 32807
Tel : ( 407 ) 273-7750
The Muslim Brotherhood is not alone in being an Islamic group that supports terrorism .
The map below shows the locations of groups that very few non-Muslims know .
At some point , everyone will know about these groups .
As you can see , the Muslim Brotherhood is a far reaching network with many sub-organizations .
The Muslim Brotherhood is a far reaching network with many sub-organizations .
They maintain control of many Islamic organizations .
As you can see , there are many Islamic groups all over America .
This is due to the freedoms we have in this country .
Freedom to Assemble and Freedom of Religion are two of our basic rights
After seeing the map , you need ask yourself the following questions .
Do these Islamic groups like the Muslim Brotherhood care anything about the rights of non-Muslims ?
Do they care about Freedom of Religion outside of Islam ?
What are the objectives of these groups ?
Do these groups want to assimilate into American culture or do these groups want to force Islamic Law into the everyday lives of all Americans ?
In the 1400 years of existence , when has Islam ever been passive and peaceful once it gained solid footing in a country ?
Look at what is currently happening in Europe .
It would be in America 's best interest to keep an eye on the Islamification of Europe as view of the future .
Welcome to Islam
" Religion of Peace "
Since 11 September 2001 , there have been a string of terrorist attacks from Islamic terrorists almost daily .
A good website to take a look at is Islam : Religion of Peace .
This website has some very good examples of the " peaceful practice " of Islam .
The counter below records the number of attacks committed by Islamic terrorists .
Please note that you do not see people from other religions committing terrorist attacks as you do by the followers of Islam .
How many more examples do you want ?
How many more examples do you need ?
The truth is evident for all to see ...
To fully understand the danger of Islam , you need to have the courage to accept the truth about Islam .
Take a good look at " HAMAS Charter of 1988 " and " The Truth About the Palestinian People " .
The way that Islam is practiced by today 's Islamic leaders , there is nothing that remotely resembles anything peaceful or civilized , at least by western standards .
" O Allah , destroy America , as it is controlled by Zionist Jews ...
Allah will avenge , in the name of His Prophet , the colonist settlers who are the descendents of monkeys and pigs ... "
-- Ikrime Sabri , Mufti of the Palestinian Authority , weekly sermon in the al - Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem , Voice of Palestine , 11 July 1997 " Oh Allah , strike the apostate rulers ,
Oh Allah , kill them one after the other , sparing none . "
-- Abu Musab al Zarqawi , 7 January 2004
" If the Jewish State becomes a fact , the Arabs will drive the Jews who live in their midst into the sea . "
-- Hassan al - Banna , founder of the Muslim Brotherhood , 1948 " The Jews are a cancer which is liable to spread again at any moment . "
-- Hassan Nasrallah , Leader of Hezbollah
" There is no solution to the conflict except with the disappearance of Israel . "
-- Hassan Nasrallah , Leader of Hezbollah
" If they all gather in Israel , it will save us the trouble of going after them worldwide . "
-- Hassan Nasrallah , Leader of Hezbollah
" The honor of Islam lies in insulting the unbelief and the unbelievers ( kafirs ) .
One who respects kafirs dishonors Muslims . "
-- Shaykh Ahmad Sirhindi , in a publication by Islamic Jihad " Very soon , Allah willing , Rome will be conquered , just like Constantinople was . "
-- Yunis al - Astal , prominent Muslim cleric and HAMAS member of the Palestinian parliament speaking about the long term goals of Islam " When jihad becomes an individual duty , it applies to women too , because women do not differ from men when it comes to individual duties , the brothers of apes and pigs [ the Jews ] who should taste the bitterness of death . "
-- Yunis al - Astal , speaking about the need for suicide bombers and the importance of martydom in a sermon on 11 April 2008 " The most exalted form of jihad is fighting for the sake of Allah , which means sacrificing one 's soul by fighting the enemies head - on , even if it leads to martyrdom . "
-- Yunis al - Astal , prominent Muslim cleric and HAMAS member of the Palestinian parliament in an interview on 23 June 2007 " The rulling to kill the Americans and their allies - civilians and military - is an individual duty for every Muslim who can do it in anyh country in which it is possible to do it ... to comply iwth God 's order to kill the Americnns and plunder their money wherever and whenever they find it .
We also call on Muslim ulema , leaders , youths , and soldiers to launch the raid on Satan 's U.S. troops and the devil 's supporters allying with them ... "
-- Osama Bin Laden , Leader of al - Qaeda , Jihad Against Jews and Crusaders , 1998
More quotes from the leaders of Islam can be found by clicking HERE .
Below is Dr. Zakir Abdul Karim Naik , founder and President of the Islamic Research Foundation ( IRF ) , which is a non-profit organization that owns Peace TV channel based in Mumbai , India that promotes Islamic Da'wah .
He and other Islamic scholars will show that Islam is NOT a Religion of Peace .
" As far as the matters of religion are concerned we know for sure that only Islam is the true religion in the eyes of God .
In 3:85 it is mentioned that God will never accept any religion other than Islam .
As far as the building of churches or temples is concerned , how can we allow this when their religion is wrong ?
And when worship is also wrong ?
Thus we will surely not allow such wrong things in our country . "
-- Dr. Zakir Naik , Islamic speaker and writer on the subject of Islam
Where is the tolerance and respect for other religions ?
We are told by Muslims and their Western apologists that Islam is the " Religion of Peace " .
Islam 's primary sources are : the Sira ( biography ) , Ta'rikh ( history ) , Hadith ( report ) & the Qur'an ( recital ) .
If Islam is really the " Religion of Peace " , its ' religious texts ' will reflect how " peaceful " it is towards non-believers .
Here are six serious practitioners of Islam proving the peaceful nature of Islam .
Terror plotters : ( clockwise from top left ) Mohammed Irfan , Hamid Elasmar , Amjad Mahmood , Zahoor Iqbal , Parviz Khan and Basiru Gassama are alleged to be part of a Birmingham - based terrorist cell .
An Islamist fanatic plotted to snatch a British Muslim soldier from the streets and film him being beheaded " like a pig " in a lock - up garage .
Parviz Khan , 37 , built up a terrorist cell in Birmingham , England and planned to kidnap the soldier before filming his " ghastly " death for release to the media .
The attack was designed to cause " panic and fear " amongst the Army and the wider British public .
The court yesterday ( Monday ) heard how Palmer had also become convinced that she was having an affair , and went into a violent rage when she told him she wanted him to move out in November last year , threatening that he would never get to see their children again .
Was David Cameron being mischievous when he warned that Britain may have to go to the International Monetary Fund to rescue the economy or is it a real possibility ?
Cameron is a slick performer , and is more than capable of mischief .
But I was in the basement of the Commonwealth Club listening to him make the threat and he did n't seem to be playing games .
Quite the reverse , his tone was measured .
Even so , you could feel the frisson as he reminded the audience that the Government 's own forecast for public debt – 8 per cent of GDP in this financial year – was the magic number that drove Labour to the IMF in 1976 .
It was also interesting that Cameron chose the launch of Progressive Conservatism , a new project by the centre - left Demos think - tank , to give his warning .
Associating himself with the progressive project suggests he knows he has to spill a little blue blood in his own party .
More importantly , Cameron is now clearly on the warpath against the Government .
Although he was only 10 at the time , Cameron knows only too well that the spectre raised by the IMF for Labour takes the party back to its darkest hours when its record for economic competency was destroyed for a generation .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
And Cameron 's attack was great timing politically because the public 's mood palpably shifted last week in one of those defining moments that stay to haunt you .
It was n't just the ghastly economic numbers that poured out on a daily basis beside the almost hourly list of job losses .
We all knew we were in recession and we all know that sterling is being hammered in the markets .
More worrying was the smell of fear ; perfectly normal people with relatively safe jobs were asking me whether they should take their money out of the banks while the banks were admitting they did n't have a clue how big their potential losses would be .
Even normally optimistic economists were turning their forecasts on their heads and the " good " news that the credit rating agencies had decided not to downgrade Britain 's sovereign debt .
But that did n't stop bond yields rising in the markets by 0.5 per cent , suggesting that international investors need compensation if they are to be persuaded to buy Britain 's debt .
' Is Britain Bust ? ' , a report from Chris Watling of Longview Economics , suggests that international investors do n't like the outlook for the UK .
Watling reckons Cameron could be right that we may need an IMF bailout if the Government continues on its present track .
He has looked at the numbers for Britain 's total non-financial and corporate debt and they are frightening .
The debt is 265 per cent of GDP , the highest in Europe – rather dashing Gordon Brown 's defence that the UK is in the best position to fight this downturn .
As Watling says , international investors are the key as our economy is utterly dependent on inflows of capital .
It 's impossible to predict whether we will be forced to the IMF but it is a possibility if the Government keeps pumping billions into the economy without finding a way to balance the books – cutting expenditure or raising taxes are the only options in the long - term .
We may still have to go cap in hand to Washington , but we will only find out if international investors decide to turn their backs on the UK at a Government bond auction .
If Cameron really wants to go for the jugular , that would be the time to call for a vote of no confidence .
Looking for a hero ?
How about a UK firm that 's bought an American rival ?
It 's odd , but we do n't do hi-tech heroes here in the way the US has Steve Jobs of Apple and Bill Gates of Microsoft .
We prefer our celebrities to be nobodies – contestants from ' Big Brother ' or ' The Apprentice ' who can all too easily be built up , only to be destroyed .
When it comes to the really big , important industries , such as engineering or technology , we do n't seem to care very much about our heroes .
But if we did have a poster - boy , then it would have to be Mike Lynch , the brilliant academic boss of Autonomy , the Cambridge - based global search software company which he created from scratch 14 years ago .
Lynch pulled off a spectacular deal last week , propelling him into the big league of software for content management .
It was spectacular in that it was rare for a British company to buy a US one and rare in the present tough markets , as Lynch paid with cash , a new share placing and new credit facilities .
The placing was five times oversubscribed – and the shares rose sharply to £ 11.20 .
Ca n't be bad .
Autonomy paid £ 565 m for Interwoven , a US rival whose strength is in the legal market .
Autonomy is often likened to Google , but this is too simple ; it provides contextual search technology to customers such as the US government and the UK police for security and counter - terrorism - type projects .
The way it works is to allow customers access to all the unused stuff that sits in the computer .
So it searches across emails , documents and voice calls to come up with information it probably did n't even know it had .
Its deal with Interwoven takes it into the huge US legal market , and Lynch 's timing looks good , as regulation , certainly financial , can only increase as a result of new financial rules bound to be introduced by President Obama .
Clear proof that if the business is good , you can do good business despite the wretched conditions .
Football sponsorship
The curse of the shirt for banks
AIG , the once mighty insurance giant , was right to pull its sponsorship from Man U last week .
But questions still remain whether Barclays , still reeling from its recent pasting by investors who drove its share price down to new lows , will continue its £ 60 m sponsorship of the Premier League .
Barclays Capital boss , Bob Diamond , a big football fan , should note that most banks and companies that have backed clubs end up a disaster .
Pulling out of the deal would please Barclays ' small shareholders , already unhappy about the terms under which Middle Eastern investors bought their stake .
By withdrawing their sponsorship , the banks would also help restore some sanity to the transfer market , as over - leveraged as the credit markets have been .
Mr Peacock sorted through half a tonne of glass to find the ring
An engagement ring which was lost after falling into a bottle bank has been returned to its owner by a council worker in Sussex .
Steve Peacock , an HGV driver for Chichester District Council , stepped in after the loss was reported .
Mr Peacock sorted through about half a tonne of glass to find the ring , using a colander to sift the broken shards .
The ring 's owner said Mr Peacock was " absolutely marvellous " and had restored her " faith in human nature " .
Mr Peacock said : " The lady 's face was a picture , I 'll never forget it .
" I was thrilled for her , relieved that I had n't missed the ring , and glad that the search had such a happy ending , " he added .
A spokesman for Chichester District Council said the council was very proud of Mr Peacock 's efforts and said he had gone " beyond the call of duty " , particularly because his job did n't involve dealing with the bottle banks .
" His willingness to keep on trying exemplified true customer care , " he added .
The results of tests for swine flu on four Irish people who recently returned from overseas have proved negative , it was announced tonight .
The samples were tested for the deadly virus at the national virus reference laboratory in Dublin .
Dr Tony Holohan , chief medical officer at the Department of Health , told a press conference at Government Buildings that there was no evidence the disease had made it to Ireland .
He said the Department was , however , advising anyone planning to visit affected areas to postpone all non-essential travel in line with the latest European Union guidelines .
Signs are being put in place at Irish airports in coming days in relation to the threat .
Professor Bill Hall , chairman of Ireland ’s National Pandemic Influenza Expert Group , said investigations were also continuing to see if the 177,000 units of the seasonal flu vaccine already in stock could give some extra protection against the virus .
Dr Holohan said yesterday the State has had a pandemic plan in place since 2007 and it was recently updated .
He also stressed that antivirals to treat up to 47 per cent of the population had been stockpiled .
The HSE ’s head of health protection Dr Kevin Kelleher said notices will be issued in the coming days to airports and ports containing information for those leaving the country or those who have recently returned from abroad .
The notices will advise anyone concerned that they may have developed flu - like symptoms while in an infected area to contact their GP .
” Clinicians will advise those who have returned from abroad and may be concerned if they have developed flu like symptoms .
These individuals can then be tested as a precautionary measure if deemed necessary , ” Dr Kelleher said .
“ We expect to test a number of people in these circumstances over the coming days and weeks . ”
The HSE said surveillance has been stepped up around the country and guidance has been issued to hospital clinicians and GPs in relation to sending tests to the National Viral Reference Laboratory .
Health workers have also been asked to report clusters of flu or respiratory infections .
Minister for Health Mary Harney today briefed ministers on the latest developments in relation to risks facing Ireland at the weekly Cabinet meeting .
“( The Minister ) informed the Government that response systems were well prepared and that Irish authorities were liaising closely with relevant agencies in other countries , ” said a Government spokesman .
Ms Harney will attend a meeting of EU health ministers on the evolving situation in relation to swine flu on Thursday .
Details of the possible or suspect Irish cases came to light as Scotland confirmed it had two cases of swine flu and just hours after a case was confirmed in Spain .
These were the first cases in Europe .
Cases have also been confirmed today in Israel and New Zealand .
The World Health Organisation ( WHO ) raised its pandemic alert level over the swine flu virus to phase four last night .
So far the outbreak has killed 149 people in Mexico and spread to the United States , Canada , Europe , New Zealand and Israel .
A global health alert was issued by the WHO on Friday in relation to H1N1 human swine influenza after it became clear the strain had killed significant numbers of people in Mexico .
It said the strain , which is a mixture of pig , avian and human virus , had the potential to cause a flu pandemic .
The WHO uses a series of six phases of pandemic alert as a system for informing the world of the seriousness of the threat it faces .
Meanwhile , the Department of Foreign Affairs urged Irish citizens travelling in Mexico to exercise extreme caution in coming days .
It said about 300 Irish people live in Mexico and about 1,000 Irish people are currently on holidays there .
A spokesman emphasised , however , these were mainly in the Cancun area on the Caribbean coast which was not affected by swine flu .
No Irish have been caught up in the outbreak in Mexico , he said .
special to Drug War Chronicle by Doug Greene , assisted by Kevin Franciotti
On a cold and clear Presidents Day weekend , dozens of treatment professionals , underground providers , patients , researchers and entheogenic enthusiasts gathered at Boston 's Northeastern University for the Boston Ibogaine Forum , the 2009 installment of the annual ibogaine conference , sponsored the Northeastern Students for Sensible Drug Policy ( which is also hosting the Northeast SSDP Regional conference on April 3 - 5 ) , the National AIDS Brigade , and Cures Not Wars .
conference panel , Dana Beal at podium
Ibogaine is considered the ' active ' compound in the Tabernanthe iboga plant , used for centuries as a healer , teacher , and catalyst for ceremonies by the Bwiti people indigenous to what is now the Central - west African republic of Gabon .
But the versatile plant has remained virtually unknown in the West , where it has a very different history .
Researcher Howard Lotsof , PhD , addicted to heroin and methadone , discovered the anti-addictive action of ibogaine in 1962 .
Given a capsule of pure ibogaine HCL by a trusted friend who was familiar with chemistry , Lotsof was simply seeking a new high .
He was astonished when coming out of this difficult experience 36 - opiate - abstinent hours later to realize he had no physical craving for opiates , and even more remarkably , had experienced very little of the agonizing physical symptoms normally associated with opiate withdrawal .
Although other early research was undertaken in the 1960s , ibogaine 's eventual acceptance as anti-addiction agent in the West was tied to Lotsof 's remarkable personal story .
Off opiates , Lotsof turned with enthusiasm toward ibogaine and other psychedelics , running trials in the mid-1960s before going to prison under new federal drug laws banning the psychedelics at the end of the decade .
For another two decades , Lotsof and ibogaine as addiction treatment wandered in the wilderness , his research supported by groups such as Cures Not Wars .
It was only in 1989 that Lotsof made significant contacts with mainstream researchers , who undertook their own pioneering researches .
In the years between then and now , thanks to the missionary efforts of Lotsof and his supporters , ibogaine has ever so slowly become of greater and greater interest to addiction researchers and others .
Valentine 's Day morning found ibogaine aficionados at the movies for Facing the Habit , a 2007 film featuring heroin users who succeed -- or fail -- to kick their habit through ibogaine treatments .
Next up was ibogaine 's most prominent advocate , the mustachioed Cures not Wars co-founder and Yippie !
Dana Beal , who brought conference attendees up to speed on the latest research on ibogaine 's anti-addictive properties , including its ability to regenerate dopamine pathways in the brain through its activation of glial cell line - derived neurotrophic factor GDNF .
This exciting research had a panel of its own later in the day featuring Roman Paskulin , founder and director of Slovenia 's Open Mind Institute and Dr. Tracy Blevins .
Beal was followed by a panel of ibogaine treatment providers discussing the special safety challenges involved in treating multiple addictions to different drugs , including Drs. Anwar Jeewa and A.R. Gani , of the groundbreaking residential treatment center Minds Alive in Durban , South Africa , Dr. Bruno Rasmussin of Brazil , and long - time provider Rocky Caravelli .
Next up was one of the most interesting presentations of the conference , by Justin Kirkland , Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Obiter Research on the company 's efforts to develop more cost - effective methods of synthesizing 18 Methoxycorinaridine 18 - MC , an ibogaine analog with fewer side effects and greater potential for treating methamphetamine and nicotine dependence .
The day 's events closed with McLean Hospital 's Dr. Carl Anderson discussing ibogaine , dream states and fetal R.E.M .
Sunday started with another ibogaine documentary , the Dutch Rites of Passage , followed by SSDP Northeastern 's Arielle Torra presenting on the subjective experiences of patients treated at Dr. Deborah Mash 's Healing Transitions Institute for Addiction clinic on St. Kitts .
The first scheduled panel of the day addressed the controversial use of ibogaine for other indications , including hepatitis C ( HCV ) .
Former New Mexico Department of Health Harm Reduction Coordinator Phillip Fiuty and Rocky Caravelli confirmed the existence of HCV patients whose conditions have improved and even cleared the virus without interferon treatment .
Caravelli also described positive effects on herpes , MS and asthma .
Jason Farrell , founder and former executive director of Positive Health Project and currently CEO of Harm Reduction Consulting Services , Inc. , suggested a collaborative study by clinics in South Africa , Mexico and Brazil tracking the viral loads of HIV / HCV patients for six months to a year .
Next , former High Times and drugwar.com writer and editor Preston Peet gave dramatic personal testimony on ibogaine 's efficacy in managing chronic pain by drastically cutting opioid tolerance .
The liveliest panel of the conference came up next , featuring Patrick Kroupa -- a pioneer hacker and long - time activist whose multiple roles include High Priest of the Sacrament of Transition , an Eastern European based iboga religion -- Dr. Deborah Mash , Peet , and Lenny of the New York City ibogaine support group comparing ibogaine to more conventional treatments , such as 12 - step cold turkey , methadone taper , buprenorphine and ultra-rapid opiate detox ( UROD ) .
UROD -- the direct injection of the opiate blocker naltrexone under benzodiazepine sedation -- was denounced by all panelists as ineffective and inhumane .
The next panel , comparing the anti-addictive effects of ibogaine to other entheogens , featured Harvard Assistant Professor of Psychiatry John H. Halpern and Jon Harrison , the principal investigator for the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies ibogaine outcome study at Pangea Biomedics in Playas de Tijuana , Mexico .
Halpern compared ibogaine 's effectiveness to other entheogens sometimes given as treatment modalities for drug addiction , most notably peyote use in the possible treatment of alcoholism among the Native American population , and the sacramental use of ayahuasca among American members of the Santo Daime and UDV churches .
This observational case study is examining changes in substance use in 30 individuals seeking ibogaine - based addiction treatment , and is intended to gather information to evaluate whether ibogaine - assisted therapy helps opiate - dependent people stop using opiates or practice moderated use after the therapy .
Twelve - month follow - up data is being collected from participants in the study to examine whether ibogaine - assisted therapy facilitates improvements in quality of life that result in decreased harms associated with chronic or mismanaged opiate use .
The study has received Institutional Review Board approval from the California Institute of Integral Studies and has enrolled 11 of the 30 subjects .
For many months , MAPS had no success in raising funds for the study , but received its first significant donation at the conference , and by March 2nd , had raised all the funds for the study .
Halpern , who 's published some of the only research on peyote use by Native Americans , surprised the crowd by revealing that the National Institute on Drug Abuse had so constrained his research that he was n't allowed to directly study peyote 's manifest anti-addictive effects .
He also had no data on receptor - mediated anti-addictive effects , ascribing it all to " psychedelic glow . "
Sunday 's program closed with Makky , Boston University Professor of Classical Studies Carl Ruck and Beal discussing shamanic scenes in South America vs. Africa , a possible iboga role in the ancient world , and the dangers of " The Mushroom and the Cross " approach offending fundamentalists , respectively .
Presidents Day opened with a roundup of the international ibogaine scene .
Venezuelan Drs. Rosaria Dávalos and Zulema Medrano described great progress in promoting ibogaine treatments , but also obstacles due to continued deference to the US .
Drs. Jeewa and Gani gave details on their residential treatment center .
Australian treatment provider Jason Chamon described a smaller , informal treatment scene -- clandestine in Australia , legal in New Zealand .
De Loenen finished up , appearing live via Skype to contrast the more relaxed attitudes in Spain and Portugal with a forum in Holland on arrhythmia in ibogaine patients .
The international ibogainesters were followed by a panel on ibogaine 's role in harm reduction , featuring Jason Farrell , Phil Fiuty and Cures not Wars cofounder and veteran drug policy activist Doug Greene .
Farrell stressed the need for ibogaine treatment providers to be careful about whom they treat to minimize risks , citing a recent case in Netherlands where a patient refused to stop alcohol use before a treatment and had a seizure and then two days of arrythmia .
At the same time , he urged greater availability of ibogaine treatment , advising potential providers to get a space and cots and " just do it . "
Greene praised ibogaine as the most libertarian option for drug treatment , and called on the drug policy reform movement to center its efforts on marijuana and ibogaine .
The conference closed with a panel that included the National AIDS Brigade 's Jon Stuen - Parker discussing his lawsuit against the federal government for inattention to crack and heroin .
MAPS founder and President Rick Doblin then gave the attendees a road map to promote ibogaine to state and federal policymakers , while Dana Beal suggested a letter from members of Congress to President Obama 's forthcoming DEA Administrator .
This was the first ibogaine conference to be streamed live on the Internet , with twice as many people often logged - on as were in the room .
Although speakers and attendees alike were frustrated by the conference 's uneven pacing and complete disregard of the announced , reaction to the content of the conference was generally positive .
Jason Farrell said : " It was a very impressive conference that opened my eyes to the serious , international work that 's being done on ibogaine .
It 's unfortunate that it did n't get the news coverage it deserved . "
Long - time drug policy reform activist Valerie Vande Panne said : " It 's good to see ibogaine getting the research and recognition it deserves .
Clearly , it has been beneficial in a holistic , dignified , and humane way to the lives of many who considered themselves addicts ready for a life change . "
Rick Doblin said : " Many of the speakers were fascinating and had lots of experience and important information to share , and the future of ibogaine is bright .
The clinics are moving toward more of an above - ground , responsible medical model and are realizing the importance of aftercare programs .
I 'm not sure where resources would come from for clinical studies to make ibogaine legal in the US -- that may be a stretch too far for NIDA , even under Obama .
While I do n't see commercial drug development happening in the near term in the US , or anywhere else , there will be more prospective research at the clinics which will , over time , build support for more clinical studies . "
Streaming video of the conference can be found here .
The New Live Action TMNT Movie Will Follow In The Same Footsteps As Batman Begins
TMNT co-creator Peter Laird lets us in on some nice details regarding the upcoming live action Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie .
When asked in what direction the new film will be taking Peter Laird had the following to say :
“ I can say that at this point there are a lot of positive feelings about a ‘ Batman Begins ’ - style ‘ reboot , ’ which would , of necessity , include a retelling of the Turtles ’ origin story , ” Laird told MTV News of early plot discussions regarding the film .
“ Having said that , I would also be into an all - new story , if it was decided that that was a more desirable direction .
Either way is fine with me , to be honest ! ”
Peter went on to share some potential plot points regarding the new film :
“ Simply telling the story of what happened in the first issue of the ‘ TMNT ’ comic book would be a pretty short movie , so I suspect other things from the Turtles ’ history in the comics might be brought into it , ” continued Laird .
“ I would not be unhappy to somehow see the tale of Baxter Stockman and the robotic ‘ mousers ’ folded into this movie , as well as some elements possibly setting up the TCRI connection for a possible sixth ( or seventh ) movie .
But I think I ’m getting a little ahead of myself there . ”
Peter goes on to say that making a TMNT movie has to include The Shredder and that April O’Neil and Casey Jones have also been in discussions to appear as well .
Finally Peter offered details on the technology that will be used to make the turtles have facial expressions :
“ The basic idea , as I understand it , is to do an all live action shoot , with actors and stuntmen in full Turtle suits , ” said Laird .
“ To add expressiveness to the Turtles ’ faces which would be difficult if not impossible to get with animatronics and / or puppetry , there would be ‘ face replacement , ’ with CGI Turtle faces superimposed on the live action performers ’ heads . ”
“ This technology has been proven to be incredibly effective if done correctly , ” added Laird .
“ Look at the character of Davey Jones in the ‘ Pirates of the Caribbean ’ movies , with his mass of writhing tentacles … an incredible effect . ”
DISCLAIMER : ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and ... : ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and ... [ MORE ]
DISCLAIMER : ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and " Safe Harbor " provisions .
This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our [ LESS ] : ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and " Safe Harbor " provisions .
This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our Code of Conduct .
CBM will disable users who knowingly commit plagiarism , piracy , trademark or copyright infringement .
Please contact us for expeditious removal of copyrighted / trademarked content .
Learn more about our copyright and trademark policies HERE
Related Headlines
Wikipedia may be a fantastic resource , but any savvy Internet user is aware of its limits .
Edit wars , entries made and modified for PR purposes , hoaxes , and basic inaccuracies all creep into ( and back out of ) the system , meaning that any use of the information there for purposes that might be considered significant should require some serious fact - checking .
And , accordingly , many academics do n't accept references to Wikipedia , and its entries have been rejected as evidence by US courts .
So , it 's a bit of a surprise to find out that one Wikipedia hoax , perpetrated by a sociology student , managed to appear in a variety of news reports , and has stayed there even after the hoax was revealed .
According to the AFP , the hoax traces back to Shane Fitzgerald , a student at Ireland 's University College Dublin .
Upon learning of the death of the Oscar - winning composer Maurice Jarre , the student modified his Wikipedia entry , adding a completely fictitious post that was nicely designed to fit perfectly into any obituary .
" When I die there will be a final waltz playing in my head , that only I can hear , " the added material read in part .
Fitzgerald was apparently curious how far his hoax would spread , and expected it to appear on a variety of blogs and similar sites .
Instead , to his surprise , a search picked it up in articles that appeared at a variety of newspapers .
Fitzgerald eventually removed his own fabricated quote and notified a variety of news outlets that they had been tricked , but not all of them have apparently seen fit to publish corrections or to ensure that their original stories were accurate , even though fixing a webpage should n't be a challenging thing .
Of course , it should n't be a surprise that journalists use Wikipedia as part of their research — especially in this case , as Jarre 's entry comes out on top of the heap in a Google search for his name .
However , the discovery that so many of the writers apparently failed to find an additional source on that quote comes at a rather awkward time for journalists in traditional media , who are facing a struggle to stay above water as the newspaper industry is sinking and the line between traditional journalism and casual reporting gets ever blurrier .
A key part of the argument for maintaining traditional journalism is that its trained reporters can perform research and investigations that the untrained masses can't , and the content they produce is run by editors and fact - checkers .
The revelation that their research is often no more sophisticated than an average Web surfer 's , and that the fact checking can be nonexistent , really does n't help that argument much .
Of course , it could easily be argued that this was a one - off instance , and the particular circumstances — an obituary — lessens the importance of the gaffe .
No harm , no foul .
If only that were the case .
In what 's an excellent piece of journalism , The Wall Street Journal 's health blog has tracked the findings of a group of researchers that are exploring how press releases and journalism describe medical research to the public .
We 've covered this issue via a couple of anecdotes in the past , but several studies have explored things in a systematic manner , and the results are pretty discouraging .
Press releases , the raw material of a lot of journalism , do n't always acknowledge the limitations of studies and , at least partially as a result , relevant information is missing from many press reports .
" News stories about scientific meeting research presentations often omit basic study facts and cautions , " the authors of one of these studies conclude .
" Consequently , the public may be misled about the validity and relevance of the science presented . "
And that 's medicine .
If there are going to be arguments made for the persistence of journalism as a vital force in modern society , they will undoubtedly need to be based on the role of the press in conveying accurate information .
Incidents like these , along with the hard numbers provided by more rigorous studies , will make it much harder to make those arguments .
Looking Back on the Greatest Depression
On average , world trade fell 31 percent in January 2009 .
To varying degrees , recession and depression gripped globally .
“ The outlook for global consumption remains bleak .
Exports are likely to remain lackluster until global consumers regain their appetite for consumption , ” wrote Jing Ulrich , managing director at JPMorgan in Hong Kong , in response to the dire data .
To track and make practical use of trends requires critical analysis of not only the data but also of the interpretations arising from the data .
This becomes particularly essential when interpretations express a virtual media consensus .
“ Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority , it is time to pause and reflect , ” advised Mark Twain .
A case in point :
On the surface , Ms. Ulrich ’s assessment above does not seem unreasonable .
It is a theme expressed , with minor variations , by a majority of economic analysts reported by the media .
But that assessment rests upon a set of false or questionable assumptions .
The first assumption was that all consumers need to do is “ regain their appetites ” for exports .
But it has nothing to do with “ appetites . ”
Consumers were broke .
They were no less hungry for products – they just did n’t have the money to buy them .
The second assumption was that once consumers started consuming again exports would regain luster .
Implicit in this statement was that as exports grew , economies would rebound and everything would go back to normal .
This “ normal ” refrain was endlessly repeated , not only by economic analysts , but by politicians and business leaders .
Unquestioned was not only the inevitability , but also the virtue and desirability of a return to “ normal . ”
What was normal ?
Normal , prior to “ The Greatest Depression , ” meant unchecked over consumption and over development made possible by the availability of cheap money and easy credit .
On the consumer end , “ normal ” was a death wish , “ shop ‘ til you drop ” – an obsessive compulsion by the profligate many to spend money they did n’t have but had to borrow .
The spending spree extended to buying expensive new cars rather than affordable used ones .
It had people building extensions and making home improvements when neither were necessary .
It meant buying a McMansion when a Cape Cod would do .
Splurging on expensive vacations , elaborate weddings and extravagant bar - mitzvahs to impress family and friends .
Borrowed money financed a major lifestyle upgrade that otherwise could not have ever been imagined , but that corresponded to what most people considered the “ American Dream . ”
Borrow to the limit now , and pay sooner or later was “ normal . ”
On the commercial / financial end , “ normal ” was also the obsessive compulsion to endlessly acquire , not merely upgrade .
Borrowed billions , lots of leverage and little collateral provided financiers and developers with the power to acquire ever more money , assets and prestige – through mergers and acquisitions , building developments , equity market speculation and predatory business practices that gobbled up or drove out the competition .
Give or take a bit of regulation and self - restraint , this was the “ normal ” the popular new President promised to return to .
Which brings us to the third assumption , and arguably the most important which was that the crisis – inability of banks to lend and businesses to borrow – was mainly responsible for the economic disaster .
As President Obama put it , “ Our goal is to quicken the day when we restart lending to the American people and American business , and end this crisis once and for all . ”
He said , “ You see , the flow of credit is the lifeblood of our economy .
The ability to get a loan is how you finance the purchase of everything from a home to a car to a college education ; how stores stock their shelves , farms buy equipment , and businesses make payroll . ”
Sounds positive , does n’t it ?
Ease the “ flow of credit . ”
Make it easier “ to get a loan . ”
But what the President meant and did not say was … take on more debt , borrow more money .
Sound familiar ?
Turn back the clock .
Remember the advertisements at the start of the decade encouraging Americans to take out home equity loans , to buy new cars , to move up from a starter home into the dream house ?
With interest rates at 46 year lows and credit flowing , the public were suckered into betting on their futures with borrowed money they could only pay back as long as they had jobs , could make payments and the economy did n’t collapse .
But when they lost their jobs , they could n’t make payments and the economy began to collapse .
Total unemployment ( including discouraged workers and those with part time jobs looking for full time ) was nearing 15 percent .
In the fourth quarter of 2008 , the net worth of American households fell by the largest amount in more than a half - century of record keeping .
By February 2009 , the foreclosure rate was up 30 percent from February 2008 .
What Mr. Obama promised as the solution was , and had been , the problem .
The country was already overwhelmed with debt … debt that it could n’t pay back .
In what way could incurring more debt “ end this crisis once and for all ” ?
It was a plain fact ; the flow of easy credit produced a torrent of debt .
In 2009 , private sector credit market debt was 174 percent of GDP .
Household debt - service ratio was at an all - time high .
US households had 39 percent more debt than income .
( In 1962 , consumers had 37 percent less debt than income .
To promote policies encouraging people to take out more loans and sink still deeper into debt was abnormal , not “ normal . ”
The abnormal had been renamed the normal .
Instead of encouraging people to live within their means , cut back , save money , and distinguish between “ wants ” and real needs , the official policy was to turn on the credit tap and flood the world with more debt .
The sanity of the policy was never in question .
Arguments raged only over the quickest and most effective way to turn on the money spigot .
Everyone was looking for someone , somewhere , for rescue , and most eyes were turned to the United States .
Even though the US was blamed for the flagrant economic abuses that brought on the crisis , given its economic clout and Superpower status , America was still looked to for the leadership needed to pave the way to recovery .
With its globally popular new president , hopes ran high that American know - how would know how to fix the problem … as though it were an intellectual exercise that could be solved by applying the correct economic formula .
No such formula existed .
Yet so desperate was the world that it placed its hopes on the very people responsible for the deregulation of the financial industry largely blamed for the crisis .
The deregulators now occupied key positions within the cabinet of that globally popular new President .
Billionaire investor Warren Buffett added a military dimension , dubbing the meltdown an “ economic Pearl Harbor . ”
Buffett called on Congress to unite behind President Barack Obama , comparing the economic crisis to a military conflict that needed a commander - in - chief .
“ Patriotic Americans will realize this is a war , ” he said .
If it was an economic Pearl Harbor , the enemies were Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , A.I.G. , Countrywide , Bank of America , Merrill Lynch , Citigroup , Bear Stearns , and all the other banks , brokerages , speculators , insurance companies , hedge funds and leverage buyout specialists that had launched the sneak attack on the American economy .
It had nothing to do with patriotism , unless being a “ Patriotic American ” meant appeasing and rewarding the enemy with trillions of dollars of taxpayer money and not being allowed to know where the money went .
Fed Refuses to Release Bank Data ,
Insists on Secrecy March 5 , 2009 ( Bloomberg ) – The Federal Reserve Board of Governors receives daily reports on bailout loans to financial institutions and wo n’t make the information public , the central bank said in a reply in a Bloomberg News lawsuit .
The Fed refused yesterday to disclose the names of the borrowers and the loans , alleging that it would cast “ a stigma on recipients of more than $ 1.9 trillion of emergency credit from US taxpayers and the assets the central bank is accepting as collateral .
The public had been cozened into believing :
That disclosing the identities of the recipients would poorly reflect upon their public image and therefore their ability to function .
Secrecy , on the other hand , allowed them to continue making disastrous decisions , while bamboozling clients who would not know they were dealing with incompetents – who stayed in business only because of huge taxpayer - financed infusions of corporate welfare .
– who stayed in business only because of huge taxpayer - financed infusions of corporate welfare .
The “ too big to fail ” had to be bailed out by taxpayers in order to keep “ the credit markets from seizing up . ”
But the consequences of seized up credit were rarely if ever spelled out .
Many financial analysts no less “ expert ” than those pushing through the bailouts were convinced that allowing the credit markets to seize up would , in the long run , prove far less costly than endlessly printing money and pouring it down a plush - lined sink hole .
Buffett was wrong .
It was n’t a “ war ” at all .
It was a criminal case , or should have been , but the accused took a financial Fifth Amendment – the right to remain silent , since any statement made could be used as evidence against them – and got away with it .
When , at a hearing before the Senate Budget Committee , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke was asked , “ Will you tell the American people to whom you lent $ 2.2 trillion of their dollars ? ”
He answered , “ No . ”
Regards ,
Gerald Celente
for The Daily Reckoning
Your Liberty City adventures will continue this Fall on the Xbox 360 , as Rockstar Games has announced Grand Theft Auto : The Ballad of Gay Tony as the game 's second downloadable episode .
Advertisement
In contrast to Grand Theft Auto IV 's seedy biker gang expansion The Lost and Damned , The Ballad of Gay Tony is said to focus on the glitzy " high - end night life " of Liberty City .
The second Xbox 360 exclusive episode will put players in the role of Luis Lopez , confirming previous rumors , as his part - time hoodlum duties are supplemented by full - time work for nightclub impresario Tony " Gay Tony " Prince .
According to the official announcement , " players will struggle with the competing loyalties of family and friends , and with the uncertainty about who is real and who is fake in a world in which everyone has a price . "
Advertisement
Grand Theft Auto : The Ballad of Gay Tony is slated to release on Xbox Live this Fall for $ 19.99 USD or 1600 Microsoft Points .
Click to share on Tumblr ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Pinterest ( Opens in new window )
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on LinkedIn ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Update :
On examination , this claim was agreed by many observers to be somewhat overblown .
Today , at the American Museum of Natural History in New York , a revolutionary discovery — one that will stand as a milestone for paleontologists and evolutionists everywhere — was announced .
Scientists based at the University of Oslo have discovered “ Ida , ” also known as Darwinius masillae , a 47 - million - year - old fossil that has been proclaimed the “ missing link ” in connecting human skeletal structure to early mammals .
Scientists found Ida in Messel Pit , Germany and soon found out that she is about twenty times older than most fossils related to human evolution .
What makes Ida so special is that despite her classification as an early prosimian ( lemurs ) , she has certain undeniable human characteristics such as forward facing eyes and even an opposable thumb .
This is an exciting and validating day for scientists everywhere .
Broadcaster and naturalist Sir David Attenborough has said : “ This little creature is going to show us our connection with all the rest of the mammals . ”
Head on over to The Link for pictures , video and more information about Ida and the team of researchers behind her .
Also do n’t miss what ’s up at the open source journal PLoS One to read about the scientists ’ findings .
In the mean time , please enjoy these TEDTalks relating to fossils and evolution ( be sure to comment and relate them to this recent news ! ) :
Zeresenay Alemseged
Louise Leakey
Jane Goodall
Susan Savage - Rumbaugh
Workers of Pontonx - sur - l' Adour Sony plant hold a banner as they wait outside the subprefecture building in Dax , southwestern France , March 13 , 2009 during negotiations on layoff packages before the closure of the plant .
REUTERS / Olivier Pon
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Almost half of French people believe it is acceptable for workers facing layoffs to lock up their bosses , according to an opinion poll published Tuesday .
Staff at French plants run by Sony , 3 M and Caterpillar have held managers inside the factories overnight , in three separate incidents , to demand better layoff terms -- a new form of labour action dubbed “ bossnapping ” by the media .
A poll by the CSA institute for Le Parisien newspaper found 50 percent of French people surveyed disapproved of such acts , but 45 percent thought they were acceptable .
“ They are not in the majority ... but 45 percent is an enormous percentage and it demonstrates the extent of exasperation among the public at this time of economic crisis , ” Le Parisien said .
On March 31 , billionaire Francois - Henri Pinault was trapped in a taxi in Paris for an hour by staff from his PPR luxury and retail group who were angry about layoffs .
Riot police intervened to free him .
Le Parisien found that 56 percent of blue - collar workers polled approved of bossnappings while 41 percent disapproved .
Among white - collar workers , 59 percent were against the practice while 40 percent thought it was acceptable .
“ These hostage takings , we know how it starts but no one knows how far it can go , ” said Xavier Bertrand , a former labour minister now secretary - general of the ruling UMP party .
“ Our country must avoid entering a spiral of violence , ” he said in reaction to the opinion poll , adding that bossnappings “ cannot be tolerated . ”
With the advent of Twitter , Facebook and all these other fun and shiny new social media tools , sometimes it 's easy to forget about the blog .
After all , the blog takes up much more time .
However , a blog can be a useful tool for a nonprofit .
It lets you share information in a more involved way then Twitter and Facebook .
If you decide to start a nonprofit blog , what can you really do with it ?
Yes , you can share news on Twitter and Facebook .
But on your blog you can be much more indepth .
Perhaps you decide to share the news on your website and write a companion piece on your blog .
That way the news is getting double exposure .
The staff are what makes a nonprofit organization work .
Use your blog to highlight their sucesses within your organization .
After all , people give to people , not to organizations .
If they can feel a connection with the staff , then they might be encouraged to be more involved .
Your blog can be intimate in a way that your website may not be .
Share client stories that are personal and touching .
The comments section allows donors to make a connection with that client .
If you 've got a mailing coming up , blog about it !
Your donors will know it 's coming and be less likely to bypass it .
You can also use this chance to share the many ways they can give and provide links to your online giving .
What 's a great way to get your donors involved in your organization ?
Ask their opinion .
You can use the blog to get a feel for how your donors feel about certain campaigns , how they are being asked to give and more .
Your nonprofit blog can go a long way to ensuring a greater connection with donors and perhaps increase your donations as well .
Most PC users are all too familiar with Ctrl +
Alt +
Del , but how many of us know the origins of this button combination ?
Find out after the jump .
[ David ]
Bradley originally designed Control - Alt - Escape to trigger a soft reboot , but he found it was too easy to bump the left side of the keyboard and reboot the computer accidentally .
He switched the key combination to Control - Alt - Delete , a combination impossible to press with just one hand [ via Wikipedia – Helldesk ]
Most PC users are all too familiar with Ctrl +
Alt +
Del , but how many of us know the origins of this button combination ?
Find out after the jump .
[ David ]
Bradley originally designed Control - Alt - Escape to trigger a soft reboot , but he found it was too easy to bump the left side of the keyboard and reboot the computer accidentally .
He switched the key combination to Control - Alt - Delete , a combination impossible to press with just one hand
Pepys is famous for his diaries , which cover the years 1659 - 1669 , but also enjoyed a successful career as a naval administrator and member of parliament .
Samuel Pepys was born on 23 February 1633 near Fleet Street in London , the son of a tailor .
He was educated at St Paul 's School in London and Cambridge University .
After graduating , Pepys was employed as secretary to Edward Montagu , a distant relative who was a councillor of state during the Cromwellian protectorate and later served Charles II .
In 1655 , Pepys married 15 - year - old Elizabeth Marchant de Saint - Michel , daughter of a Huguenot exile .
In 1658 , he underwent a dangerous operation for the removal of a bladder stone .
Every year on the anniversary of the operation , he celebrated his recovery .
Pepys began his diary on 1 January 1660 .
It is written in a form of shorthand , with names in longhand .
It ranges from private remarks , including revelations of infidelity - to detailed observations of events in 17th century England - such as the plague of 1665 , the Great Fire of London and Charles II 's coronation - and some of the key figures of the era , including Sir Christopher Wren and Sir Isaac Newton .
Fear of losing his eyesight prompted Pepys to stop writing the diary in 1669 .
He never actually went blind .
In June 1660 , Pepys was appointed clerk of the acts to the navy board , a key post in one of the most important of all government departments , the royal dockyards .
In 1673 , he became secretary to the Admiralty and in the same year a member of parliament for a Norfolk constituency , later representing Harwich .
He was responsible for some important naval reforms which helped lay the foundations for a professional naval service .
He was also a member of the Royal Society , serving as its president from 1684 - 1686 .
In 1679 , Pepys was forced to resign from the Admiralty and was imprisoned on a charge of selling naval secrets to the French , but the charge was subsequently dropped .
In 1685 , Charles II died and was succeeded by his brother who became James II , who Pepys served as loyally as he had Charles .
After the overthrow of James in 1688 , Pepys 's career effectively came to an end .
He was again arrested in 1690 , under suspicion of Jacobite sympathies , but was released .
Pepys died in Clapham on the outskirts of London on 26 May 1703 .
Velupillai Prabhakaran : LTTE ’s Guerrilla Generalissimo
One thing you have to give the doomed Tamil rebels in Sri Lanka credit for : their supporters sitting in comfortable first - world cities have no shame when it comes to begging for help .
Militarily the Sri Lankan Tamils are o-vuh , but when it comes to demanding favors from people who have every reason to hate their guts , these guys are world - class .
For some hilarious examples of propaganda from a doomed army , check out the LTTE ’s glossy but totally insane website , Tamilnet .
Today ’s headline on their site is this little classic : “ 99 % of Norway Tamils Aspire for Tamil Eelam . ”
“ Eelam , ” y’unnerstan ’ , is their fancy name for the independent Tamil state they want to create in Sri Lanka , the “ E ” in “ LTTE . ”
Anyway , what this headline means is that they rounded up the Tamils living in Norway and herded their frozen asses into a Sons of Knute meeting hall in Oslo and lo ’n ’ behold , 99 % of those poor flotsam ( should that be “ flotsam ” or “ flotsams ” ?
Not sure ) turned out to be in favor of dear old Eelam .
The fact that they were ten thousand miles away from Sri Lanka , where the government artillery was shredding the last backyard - sized scrap of land in “ Eelam , ” did n’t faze those Norwegian diehards one bit .
These guys have no shame at all .
They ’d probably be willing to go on Flava Flav ’s “ Workfare for Overage Street Ho ’s ” show , they ’re so shameless .
They even , believe it or not , called for the US to save them with “ gunboat diplomacy . ” I kid you not .
After decades of playing the bold revolutionaries , they ’re actually screeching for American destroyers to rescue them .
Ah , it ’s a fun world as long as you remember we ’re all garbage at heart .
Now that the Tamils ’ great Sri Lankan kingdom has been whittled down to about ten acres of blasted scrub , they ’re so desperate they ’re even tying up traffic in Toronto by way of attracting attention to their sad little plight that they totally brought on themselves .
The Canadians are giving it their typical mealymouthed cowardly PC response , “ We understand your frustration , ” while these losers tie up the biggest freeway in Toronto .
But my favorite little desperate gesture from the Tamils is the way they ’ve reached out to Sonia Gandhi , the big Indian politician , to ask for help .
Which is funny because Sonia happens to be the widow of Rajiv Gandhi , who was killed by a suicide bomber in 1991 .
And who sent the bomber ?
Nobody but the LTTE , the Sri Lankan Tamils ’ great liberation army .
Yup , they did n’t like Rajiv ’s policy on Sri Lanka so they sent him the LTTE version of a strip - o - gram : a zombie girl who shimmied right up to Rajiv at a rally and pulled her own string .
It stripped her all right ; it stripped the flesh off her and Rajiv and anybody else within the blast radius .
Scorched - earth erotic dancing .
The ultimate Bollywood closing number .
And now that the LTTE is cornered like a weasel with its foot in a trap , they actually have the gall to ask for her help .
This is why I could never be in politics : you have to have the ability to forgive people .
I ’ve never forgiven anyone in my life .
I do n’t even get the concept .
If something was bad , something offended you , then it stays that way .
It does n’t turn nice because a little time has passed .
I never did get that idea .
But Sonia just sat up on a dais in Chennai and listened to a bunch of old LTTE supporters read poems about the glorious Tamil martyrs — you know , like the girl who erased Sonia ’s hubby — and politely remind them that India ca n’t interfere in the internal affairs of a sovereign nation , bla bla bla .
I guess that would ’ve been sweet , in a quiet way , but me , I ’d want to offer the Sri Lankan army the full support of every fighter plane the Indian AF can send down there .
“ Oh , I ’ll help your friends in the LTTE , all right : I ’ll help them all be reincarnated as tapeworms after we send the Indian Air Force down there to wipe out your last - ditch bunkers !
Oh yeah , my little Tamil buddies , we ’re gonna put on a little air show for ya , we ’ll call it the Rajiv Gandhi memorial air munitions display because after all my hubby was a pilot back when he was alive before you turned him into blackened meat , remember little buddies ?
Yeah , and anyway the Indian arms industry needs a showcase , let the world media see what our new air - to - ground munitions can do to a bunch of losers who tried to set up a 19th - century rebel empire and found out it ’s not so easy any more . ”
That ’s what I ’d do .
But Sonia ’s a patient sneaky lady , a good politician , and she remembers that her party owes a lot of its power to the fact that it carried all the Tamil districts in the south .
So she just smiles while the Sri Lankan army grinds the LTTE to death .
There ’ll be many a dry eye when those bastards are gone .
All over the world , governments are quietly chortling , even while they tsk - tsk in public .
The Tamils got way above themselves , and nearly everybody is happy to see them fall .
The real question is , what happened to turn a really impressive , powerful guerrilla army like the LTTE into this pathetic dead - ender comedy skit , hanging on to its little “ sovereign state ” in somebody ’s backyard banana grove while the army arty shreds the leaves ?
I ’ve written about the LTTE before , used to admire the bastards for their sheer ruthlessness and the way they bridged the gap between conventional and guerrilla war - making methods ( read this and this ) , but it ’s beginning to look to me like that strategy of the LTTE ’s where they try to cross over from guerrilla force to a “ sovereign state , ” with its own uniformed armed forces and government and liberated territory , backfired real bad on them .
They ’d have been better off skulking in the scrub hoping to cause enough trouble to be bought off .
Now they ’re going to be just plain wiped out .
That ’s the trouble with doin ’ it old - school : the old - school end game for a defeated conventional army is total annihilation .
The LTTE was doing so well as a guerrilla army that it did what winners usually do : find some way to push its luck and turn victory into defeat .
It ’s weird how you see that pattern everywhere you look , from corporations that are good at doing one thing they make tons of money and then put it in some totally unrelated business they know zero about , to armies that figure winning a battle is a sign you should go pick on some bigger , badder enemy ( See Wehrmacht 1941 ) .
The LTTE started way back in the 1970s , when guerrilla armies were a growth industry .
They won over the Tamils in Sri Lanka by being more hard - ass than any of the older Tamil militias , and they proved it by just plain wiping out their wimpy rivals , like the TELO .
You have to remember how different the world looked when people like the LTTE ’s Dear Leader Prabhakaran made the career choice to become a guerrilla generalissimo .
And you have to remember that in the kind of hellhole he grew up in , it really was a career choice .
There were n’t many others , and guerrilla had a rockstar appeal compared to the other options , like starving schoolteacher or smalltime farmer .
This was before the IT industry turned the Tamil part of India ( basically the SE quadrant of the Subcontinent ) into Silicon Valley East .
Back in them days , the quickest way to have dinner with the big folks was to control a bunch of malaria - ridden skeletons waving AKs .
You are about to witness what is arguably the greatest Unreal Tournament 3 mod ever .
It takes UT3 ’s character content and mixes it with the famous Green Hill Zone from the original Sonic .
The background music ’s missing , but the sound effects and graphics are absolutely spot-on .
We ’ll try to locate this mod so you UT3 owners can try it out for yourselves .
But until then , sit back , relax , and watch the bouncy mayhem below .
[ Source ]
FADE IN :
INT .
A HOUSE - CANADA , 1845
YOUNG HUGH JACKMAN , who kind of resembles the kid from FREAKS AND GEEKS , is sick in bed .
His brother , YOUNG LIEV SCHREIBER , glowers over him while his father , PETER O'BRIEN , looks on .
YOUNG HUGH JACKMAN
Father !
I had a terrible nightmare !
I was hosting the Oscars , and I was part of this incredibly embarrassing musical number and --
PETER O'BRIEN
Shh , it 's alright son .
You 're safe now , back in Canada in 1845 .
YOUNG HUGH JACKMAN
Wait , what ?
Canada was n't even a country until 1867 .
Has Hollywood managed to not discover Wikipedia yet ?
Suddenly , there is a RUCKUS downstairs .
PETER O'BRIEN
It sounds like your brother 's biological father is downstairs .
I 'll be back in a minute , barring some tragic death that you 'd expect to shape the very hairy man you will become but wo n't .
He goes downstairs and is SHOT .
YOUNG HUGH , who suddenly does n't seem to be bedridden with illness , runs downstairs .
Seeing PETER dead , his knuckles get an ERECTION and he stabs YOUNG LIEV SCHREIBER'S father , AARON JEFFERY .
AARON JEFFERY
He was n't your father .
I was .
You 'll have awesome mutton chops .
( dies )
YOUNG HUGH JACKMAN
I 'm so confused , who the hell is related to whom then ?
YOUNG LIEV SCHREIBER
The only thing I know for certain is that mom's a slut .
YOUNG HUGH JACKMAN
Well , the women in the audience did n't come to see some pale kid in a robe .
We should go ahead and skip to shirtless adulthood .
YOUNG LIEV SCHREIBER
Yeah , let 's go fight for our country in war !
YOUNG HUGH JACKMAN
We 're Canadian , buddy .
YOUNG LIEV SCHREIBER
Let 's go fight for the United States in war for some reason !
HUGH and LIEV grow up and fight in the American Civil War , World War I , World War II , and the Vietnam War .
Eventually LIEV tries to rape someone , but his squad tries to stop him at gunpoint .
Despite the fact that he knows bullets can't hurt LIEV , HUGH JACKMAN stops them and needlessly shows them his claws as well to move the story along .
They get a visit from DANNY HUSTON .
DANNY HUSTON
I heard you guys have some powers .
HUGH JACKMAN
Yes , I can heal myself and grow huge bone claws .
LIEV SCHREIBER
And I can heal myself and grow my fingernails out an inch or so .
DANNY HUSTON
Growing fingernails ?
Was n't that Meg Griffin 's power in an episode of Family Guy ?
LIEV SCHREIBER
I also can grow slightly less stupid - looking facial hair than Hugh .
DANNY HUSTON
I 'd like you both to join my mutant team , it 's mostly made up of actors who were written off of Lost .
HUGH JACKMAN
I 'll join your team without any apparent surprise at the existence of other mutants .
HUGH and LIEV join DANNY'S TEAM : KEVIN DURAND , DOMINIC MONAGHAN , DANIEL HENNEY , WILL.I.AM , and RYAN REYNOLDS .
DANIEL HENNEY
I 'm Daniel , I have really good aim with guns that already have scopes on them .
WILL.I.AM
I have a combination of Nightcrawler 's power and the power to make any credits sequence look stupid using only my name .
DOMINIC MONAGHAN
I have the power to control electrical objects .
When the plot requires it , I can also control mechanical objects .
Hold on while I land this plane .
KEVIN DURAND
I have indestructible skin and eventually I turn into a huge fat guy named The Blob after I go on my all - Arby 's diet .
Despite my skin power , I got a tattoo that has no relevance to the plot and only serves to make it more difficult to understand what my power is .
RYAN REYNOLDS
I 'm good with swords .
I also have the power to take completely unfunny lines and deliver them so sarcastically that the audience thinks they 're jokes .
LIEV SCHREIBER
You look familiar .
Are n't you Blade 's buddy ?
Should n't there be a rule against an actor playing two different characters from the Marvel universe ?
Unless you 're Rebecca Romijn and you 're nude and painted blue for one of them , obviously .
HUGH JACKMAN
So let 's see , the leftover Marvel comics characters we got for this movie are a guy with extremely good aim , someone who uses various sharp metal weapons , and a ridiculously fat guy .
Did I walk onto the set for Daredevil ?
They all break into a building to steal some METEORITE while LIEV SCHREIBER is wire - lifted into the roof of the building to apparently do absolutely nothing .
They kill twenty or so people , but when they kill the twenty - first person HUGH protests .
HUGH JACKMAN
That 's enough !
I did n't sign up for this .
DANNY HUSTON
What exactly did you think you were signing up for ?
HUGH JACKMAN
I 'm not sure , but you guys are so boring that it 's making me miss Halle Berry and that 's downright criminal .
I 'm out of here .
HUGH leaves to go be a lumberjack in CANADA , eh .
EXT .
CANADA - 6 YEARS LATER
HUGH leaves his house at the top of a mountain and starts his four - hour commute to work .
After his girlfriend , LYNN COLLINS , cuts his dick off and feeds it to him in front of his workmates , he gets a visit from DANNY HUSTON .
DANNY HUSTON
Someone is going around killing our old team members .
Dominic Monaghan is dead .
HUGH JACKMAN
How entirely unlike Watchmen .
DANNY HUSTON
An autopsy revealed he was extremely disinterested when he was killed , which makes me think it must have been Liev Schreiber .
HUGH JACKMAN
Somehow , it does n't even occur to me that my girlfriend may be in danger .
Go away .
LIEV kills LYNN COLLINS , sending HUGH into a HAIRY RAGE .
He tracks down LIEV and they FIGHT .
LIEV SCHREIBER
Person who fights with the poorest wirework wins !
LIEV beats HUGH by dropping a bunch of LOGS THAT DON'T OBEY THE LAWS OF PHYSICS on him .
DANNY HUSTON
Alright , people have had enough of this mysterious background nonsense .
Let 's get you some metal claws so we can have another fight scene .
HUGH JACKMAN
Then why did we even bother making a prequel ?
Did n't we learn enough about how I got the metal claws in the second X - Men movie ?
DANNY HUSTON
It was n't quite covered in unnecessary excruciating detail .
That 's really the point of this movie , if you could n't tell by the excruciatingly detailed title , which helpfully lets audience members know that this is n't a movie about just anyone named Wolverine , but specifically the one from X - Men .
HUGH JACKMAN
At least it 's better than the draft title , X - Men Origins : Wolverine , The Guy With The Claws That 's In The Other Three X - Men Movies But This One Happens Before Those .
HUGH has his skeleton coated in METAL , which also coincidentally shapes his ROUND BONE CLAWS into nice sharp blades .
DANNY HUSTON
It worked !
Alright , now that he can't be defeated and there 's no way whatsoever for us to control him , let 's kill him .
This FAILS .
HUGH jumps out of his WATER TANK and escapes after apparently taking the time to completely dry himself and his hair .
He hides out on JONATHAN AND MARTHA KENT'S FARM .
EXT .
SOME FARM - STILL IN CANADA I GUESS
JONATHAN KENT finds HUGH in his BARN , naked .
JONATHAN KENT
Rather than call the police , I 'm going to invite you into my house .
That 's how we roll in Canada .
HUGH goes to the bathroom and stares at his claws a bit .
HUGH JACKMAN
I can't believe this .
JONATHAN KENT
What , that you survived having your skeleton coated in indestructible metal ?
HUGH JACKMAN
No , that my computer - generated claws somehow look even less real in this movie than they did in a movie that came out nine fucking years ago .
JONATHAN KENT
No kidding .
This hardly looks any better than the leaked workprint .
( pause )
Errrrr , uh , so I 've heard !
( pause )
Please do n't fire me , Fox !
JONATHAN is SHOT by DANIEL HENNEY .
HUGH JACKMAN
No !
I can't believe the ultra powerful government agency that tracked me to the remote Canadian Rockies was able to track me to this farm !
JONATHAN KENT
I want you to take this leather jacket and motorcycle .
They used to belong to my son , but what 's that asshole ever done for me besides not attract a mutant assassin to my home to murder me and my wife ?
( dies )
HUGH JACKMAN
At long last , the secret behind some leather jacket is finally revealed !
Now that 's what I call an origin story !
HUGH launches himself at DANIEL'S HELICOPTER , DIE HARD STYLE , and cuts through the helicopter like WARM BUTTER .
The HELICOPTER crashes .
DANIEL HENNEY
You can't kill me , Hugh .
You hate me , so you would n't be able to kneel next to my dead body and scream into the sky as the camera zooms out above you .
HUGH JACKMAN
That 's true , but I could ignite your helicopter fuel and walk away in slow motion as it explodes behind me .
DANIEL HENNEY
Damn , an even more overused cliche .
Touche , Hugh .
HUGH does this , then apparently rides his motorcycle 1,200 miles to LAS VEGAS in a day .
INT .
GYMNASIUM - LAS VEGAS
HUGH finds WILL.I.AM and KEVIN DURAND WEARING THE FAT BASTARD MAKEUP .
HUGH JACKMAN
Holy crap Kevin , what that hell have you done for the last 6 years ?
KEVIN DURAND
Well I starred in my own spin-off : Glutty Professor 2 : The Blobs .
WIL.I.AM
Are you looking for Liev ?
Because he and Danny work together on some island , rounding up mutants to build some kind of supermutant .
That 's why he wanted to experiment on you : to get your super - healing DNA .
HUGH JACKMAN
Why did he bother actually giving me the adamantium , then ?
WILL.I.AM
Dude , just give up on trying to get this movie to make sense and go have another CGI fight scene .
KEVIN DURAND
If you want to find the island , you need to visit this guy that escaped named Taylor Kitsch .
They call him Gambit since that 's the only X - Men character anyone gives a shit about who has n't been in a movie yet .
HUGH JACKMAN
What better way could you treat a well - loved X - Men character than with an awkward , pointless cameo ?
HUGH hops on his motorcycle and rides 1,700 miles to NEW ORLEANS .
INT .
BAR - NEW ORLEANS
HUGH finds TAYLOR KITSCH playing POKER and making cards float around in the air , because other poker players just love it when their opponents display superhuman abilities with cards .
HUGH JACKMAN
Are you Geeymmbit ?
( coughs )
Sorry , kangaroo in my throat .
Gambit .
TAYLOR KITSCH
Depends , am I going to have to star in my own X - Men Origins movie if I am ?
HUGH JACKMAN
I doubt it , your performance will probably kill any chances of that happening .
TAYLOR KITSCH
Then yes .
How can I help you awkwardly force the plot forward ?
HUGH JACKMAN
I need you to get me back to the island where Liev Schreiber is hiding .
I want to kill him .
Suddenly , LIEV shows up and fights HUGH .
TAYLOR , oblivious to the fact that HUGH is about to kill his nemesis , does nothing but get in HUGH'S way .
HUGH knocks TAYLOR out , which apparently teleports him to the top of a nearby roof so he jumps down and stops HUGH again .
LIEV gets away .
HUGH JACKMAN
Seriously ?
One of the coolest X - Men of all time and your role in the movie is just to get in the titular character 's way like a bumbling sidekick ?
TAYLOR KITSCH
How about I make it up to you by flying you 1,150 miles to Liev 's hideout on Three Mile Island on my prop plane ?
HUGH JACKMAN
My magic motorcycle could probably get me there in under 6 minutes , but fine .
They fly to THREE MILE ISLAND , where LIEV and DANNY have imprisoned all of the X - MEN CHARACTERS that have n't been in a movie yet .
INT .
POWER PLANT - THREE MILE ISLAND
HUGH frees a bunch of kids , including a YOUNG JAMES MARSDEN .
YOUNG JAMES MARSDEN
Thanks for freeing me , faceless stranger .
I wish I could see you , but I have to wear a blindfold since I do n't have the optic - blast - blocking sunglasses that I somehow managed to find or make or something .
HUGH JACKMAN
Great .
Well , make sure you do n't listen to any of your new friends when they tell you about the super - hairy guy with metal claws that freed you , otherwise the first X - Men movie wo n't even make as much sense as this piece of shit .
HUGH JACKMAN finds DANNY HUSTON building a new SUPERMUTANT , SILENT RYAN REYNOLDS .
DANNY HUSTON
Hello Hugh .
As you can see , I 've sealed Ryan Reynolds 's mouth shut .
HUGH JACKMAN
You took a character nicknamed " The Merc with a Mouth " and sealed said mouth shut ?
That 's like making a Spiderman movie where he can't shoot web .
Or a Fantastic Four movie that does n't suck .
DANNY HUSTON
Just hold on a second while I type " Decapitate " into the application that controls Ryan .
I have to type everything because we spent all our money on adamantium and could n't afford Visual Basic licenses .
RYAN REYNOLDS
Decapitate : Permission Denied .
DANNY HUSTON
Ack !
Sudo decapitate .
RYAN REYNOLDS
Huston is not in the sudoers file .
This incident will be reported .
DANNY HUSTON
Fuck me , su root && decapitate !
RYAN pushes ADAMANTIUM KATANAS out of his arms to fight HUGH while saying nothing , his lips sealed shut in a way that somehow prevents his new healing ability from repairing them .
HUGH JACKMAN
Fucking Deadpool has fucking retractable katanas ?
How does that even work , they 're twice as long as his arms ?!
RYAN kicks HUGH'S ASS , so LIEV rescues him .
LIEV SCHREIBER
Nobody kills you but me , brother .
HUGH JACKMAN
Is that line really all we 're going to do to justify the two of us working together ?
It 's kind of disturbing to think of a screenwriter actually writing that line and then moving on .
HUGH and LIEV fight RYAN .
RYAN unleashes OPTIC BLASTS against LIEV , because apparently he has those too and he has better control over them than the mutant whose DNA he used .
LIEV SCHREIBER
Arrgghh !
Somehow your optic blasts do n't even burn my clothing !
HUGH JACKMAN
It 's a good thing the audience does n't know we both survive because of first X - Men movie , otherwise this scene would be utterly lacking any suspense !
While RYAN is distracted , HUGH slices his head off and pushes him into a COOLING TOWER .
The SILENT VILLIAN that wields DOUBLE BLADES falls down a large open SHAFT , his body SPLITTING as it falls .
HUGH JACKMAN
Awesome .
We 've managed to rip off the worst of the Star Wars movies now .
Are we done yet or are there any more cool X - Men characters this movie wants to ruin ?
DANNY shows up with a gun loaded with ADAMANTIUM BULLETS .
HUGH JACKMAN
Adamantium bullets ?
Maybe you should try an adamantium stake through the heart or adamantium garlic while you 're at it .
DANNY HUSTON
My understanding is also that you can't see your own reflection in an adamantium mirror .
DANNY shoots HUGH in the head .
HUGH JACKMAN
Oh no , I can't remember anything !
DANNY HUSTON
Because shooting you in the head destroyed your memories ?
HUGH JACKMAN
No , because this is the most unmemorable comic book movie since Catwoman .
Who am I ?
Where am I ?
What year is it ?
DANNY HUSTON
Well , it 's 1979 , not that the costuming or set decoration give you any indication that 's the case .
Here , have some 2009 - era currency .
THE CAMERA zooms into the sky , providing a bird 's eye view of an island that goes out of its way not to actually look like THREE MILE ISLAND .
X -MEN ORIGINS : THAT GUY THAT CAN MAKE LIGHT BULBS TURN ON WITH HIS MIND is rushed into production .
END
Two highly - placed Israeli sources confirmed to Time Magazine that the IDF alone was responsible for a mid-January attack on a truck convoy in Sudan bearing arms for Hamas operatives in Gaza .
The magazine cited the anonymous sources as saying that the large - scale operation involved " dozens of aircraft " , including unmanned drones as well as F - 16 and F - 15 fighter jets .
Warning Report : US warned Sudan before strike Roee Nahmias Mystery surrounding alleged Israeli attack continues : ' Reliable ' sources tell London - based al - Sharq al - Awsat newspaper that senior American official alerted Sudanese authorities to fact that arms smuggling route going through country is being monitored by third party Report : US warned Sudan before strike
The sources denied earlier news reports that US aircraft had been involved in the attack .
" The Americans were notified that Israel was going to conduct an air operation in Sudan , but they were not involved , " Time quoted one source as saying .
According to the sources , the operation was implemented in less than a week , after Mossad agents received intelligence information from an Iranian informant that the Islamic Republic intended to send armaments to Gaza via Sudan .
The route , which involves shipment to Port Sudan , transfer through the African country , and then movement across Egypt 's southern border and up into Sinai , had occasionally been used by Hamas before , but never with such a large supply , Time reported .
" This was the first time that the Iranians had tried to send Hamas a shipment this big via Sudan — and it is probably the last , " said one source cited in the magazine , adding that several Iranians were killed in the raid , along with Sudanese smugglers and drivers .
Meanwhile , a Hamas official told Time that the convoy had fewer trucks and bore fewer weapons than Israeli sources claimed .
" The Israelis are trying to overplay the quantity of arms as a way to justify this raid , and to mobilize the Europeans to crack down on smugglers in the Mediterranean , " he was quoted as saying .
Another Hamas source told the magazine that the destruction of the convoy was not a major setback , as Bedouin tribes in the Sinai continued to help smuggle arms through weapons ' tunnels into Gaza .
A routine security update for a Microsoft Windows component installed on tens of millions of computers has quietly installed an extra add - on for an untold number of users surfing the Web with Mozilla ’s Firefox Web browser .
Earlier this year , Microsoft shipped a bundle of updates known as a “ service pack ” for a programming platform called the Microsoft .
NET Framework , which Microsoft and plenty of third - party developers use to run a variety of interactive programs on Windows .
The service pack for the .NET Framework , like other updates , was pushed out to users through the Windows Update Web site …
I ’m here to report a small side effect from installing this service pack that I was not aware of until just a few days ago :
Apparently , the .NET update automatically installs its own Firefox add - on that is difficult — if not dangerous — to remove , once installed .
Annoyances.org , which lists various aspects of Windows that are , well , annoying , says “ this update adds to Firefox one of the most dangerous vulnerabilities present in all versions of Internet Explorer : the ability for Web sites to easily and quietly install software on your PC . ”
I ’m not sure I ’d put things in quite such dire terms , but I ’m fairly confident that a decent number of Firefox for Windows users are rabidly anti-Internet Explorer , and would take umbrage at the very notion of Redmond monkeying with the browser in any way .
Big deal , you say ?
I can just uninstall the add - on via Firefox ’s handy Add - ons interface , right ?
Not so fast .
The trouble is , Microsoft has disabled the “ uninstall ” button on the extension .
What ’s more , Microsoft tells us that the only way to get rid of this thing is to modify the Windows registry , an exercise that — if done imprecisely — can cause Windows systems to fail to boot up .
Microsoft — this is a great example of how not to convince people to trust your security updates .
Get the latest Education e-news
FEATURES Characteristics of Successful Game Designers [ 12.23.08 ]
- Lewis Pulsipher
" I have never let my schooling interfere with my education . "
-- Mark Twain
" Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence .
Talent will not ; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent .
Genius will not ; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb .
Education will not ; the world is full of educated derelicts .
Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent . "
-- Calvin Coolidge
Game designers must have a productive orientation in life .
Game design is not something you turn on and turn off daily -- it 's something that must be with you all the time , that you must make an effort to pursue .
Persistence is more important than " creativity . "
Many novelists write all their adult lives , even from childhood .
Most game designers design games from an early age , just as most artists draw from an early age .
But some come to it late and are still good at it .
Most of the people who write novels or design published board and card games have another full - time job .
For example , the once - prolific science - fiction and fantasy novelist Glen Cook never gave up his General Motors assembly line job .
He wrote during his commute .
Moonlighting is much less common in the video game industry , which is where most full - time designers work for a particular game development studio .
But many people involved in publishing non-electronic games work part - time , relying on a " day job " for their living .
Most game publishers , even in video games , originated as self - publishers , distributing the " dream game " of the people who founded the company .
General Education
" An education is n't how much you have committed to memory , or even how much you know .
It 's being able to differentiate between what you do know and what you do n't . "
Anatole France
If you read good advice about breaking into the game industry , that advice will include " read as much as you can " and " educate yourself as much as possible , " even as the advisors suggest that a bachelor 's degree is a good idea .
For example , everyone interested in " breaking in " should read the wealth of advice on Tom Sloper 's web site and his monthly IGDA column .
I 've used a book by Ernest Adams , Break into the Game Industry , now a bit long in the tooth ( 2002 ) , but still available .
His advice is well worth reading -- especially about getting a job and how to keep a job -- and amounts to the same as Sloper's .
In general , game designers must have an " educated " attitude , even if they have no more formal learning than a high school diploma .
I 'm not talking about the classic idea of the " well - educated " person , which relates to particular things like knowledge of the Classics .
Let me hasten to say that " educated " refers to an attitude , not a degree earned .
Fortunately , the game industry does not yet have the " degree- itis " that is invading all walks of American life , as though the only way you can learn something is to get a degree in it .
The video game industry is still a meritocracy , where you are valued and hired for what you can do and what you can create .
There are people with legitimate PhDs who could be called uneducated ( though this is unlikely ) .
There are certainly many people holding bachelor degrees who are essentially uneducated .
And there are 17 and 18 and 19 year - olds who clearly are educated people , though they have n't had the time to accumulate a wealth of experience and knowledge that is associated with being educated .
So " educated " does n't necessarily imply a specific academic degree .
It implies a certain attitude toward life .
It 's this educated attitude that game companies want and need to succeed .
What makes someone " educated ? "
An educated person wants to know and will make an effort to find out things .
An uneducated person tends not to bother .
Here 's a simple example .
An educated person , confronted with a word he does n't know , is likely to look it up .
He wants to improve his understanding ( of language , of the world ) .
An uneducated person is n't going to bother .
Further , an educated person teaches himself or herself when necessary , from books or otherwise , rather than wait for a class .
The uneducated ones will frequently whine , " I have n't been to training for that . "
Not surprisingly , educated people tend to read a lot , and uneducated ones do n't .
In my classes I assign students the " task " of maintaining a notebook or other " data store " in which they record game - related ideas as they get them .
It 's a habit they should get into on their own , and I try to teach attitudes more than " facts . "
The " uneducated " attitudes surface quickly , with students asking , " How much do I have to include in this ? "
The student wants to know the minimum , rather than take the educated attitude that this is something he should do anyway , that is worth doing , and he should put some time into it .
Educated people like to use their brains in top gear ; uneducated people prefer to run in idle or first gear .
The old - fashioned " thirst for knowledge " is what I 'm talking about .
This is part of a productive orientation .
Designers can't be people who " kill time , " who do " just enough to get by . "
They must be people who want to be productive whenever they can , not whenever they are forced to be .
Continued Next : Printer - Friendly Version Pages : 1 2
Vegetated Roofs and Walls Do More than Please the Eye
There ’s nothing more pleasing than driving through an established neighborhood and taking in the architectural scenery and the manicured lush landscape .
Old homes with vines growing up the walls – it ’s all so charming .
Even a basic ranch house can look like a million bucks with a creeping fig growing up its walls .
Greening a home ’s walls improves its visual quality as well as its environmental functioning .
Some people are against this idea .
They regard it as a big headache , too much upkeep , or believe the vegetation will destroy their walls .
And , in the case of roof and wall greening , there are professionals who are concerned about increased roof loads , problems with leaking , or damage that plants can cause on surfaces .
These are all valid concerns .
To learn about avoiding these types of problems , look at the extensive research and practices of Europeans .
This great book covers the technology behind green walls and roofs : “ Planting Green Roofs and Living Walls , ” by Nigel Dunnett and Noel Kingsbury .
Photo by 416Style
The greening of urban areas in the U.S. is happening on rooftops and on walls – not just parks – and it ’s happening in cities all over the country .
A new survey by Green Roofs for Healthy Cities stated that over two million square feet of roof and wall surfaces were greened in 2007 , 30 percent more than the previous year .
The cities that are leading the way are Chicago , Wilmington , Delaware , Baltimore , Brooklyn , New York , and Virginia Beach .
The Chicago City Hall , greened in 2000 , has 20,000 plants of more than 150 varieties from ground cover to trees and shrubs , planted on their 20,300 - square - foot roof .
Chicago is a model city in greening rooftops and walls .
For the fourth time they ’ve topped all other North American cities in the amount of newly vegetated surfaces , according to the Green Roofs for Healthy Cities survey .
In Portland , OR , where runoff harms salmon populations , the building code allows extra floor space to developers when they build green roofs .
Other cities across the U.S. are giving tax breaks to developers who demonstrate reduced runoff .
Economic and Environmental Benefits
Vegetated roofs and walls reduce the urban heat - island effect , making cities more comfortable and easier to cool .
The added layer of insulation lessens building heating and cooling loads .
Plants absorb dust and noise , consume carbon dioxide , and produce oxygen .
Plants reduce or eliminate rainwater runoff and reduce the danger of flooding .
With proper design , plants can protect and possibly extend the useful life of the architectural surface beneath .
Vegetated surfaces enhance biodiversity by providing a habitat for birds and other critters .
Vegetated roofs can become an enjoyable and harvestable garden for people and improve the cityscape as viewed from high rise buildings .
Lowered energy consumption in the home or building .
Next on the Greening List – the Walls
In North America greening roofs is much more popular than greening walls .
Ivy and other climbing vines are associated with the damage they cause such as pulling away shingles or destroying stucco .
The challenge of greening a wall is to design an appropriate wall surface and support structure .
There are other considerations too , like choosing the correct plant species to avoid future wall damage and prolong the life of the wall by shielding it from ultraviolet light .
By today ’s standards the greenery is usually held away from the walls and its effectiveness in cooling , by adding shade , can exceed the effectiveness of roof vegetation in insulating .
And , the icing on the cake is improved landscaping on the eyes .
For more information on greening rooftops and walls visit this informative site : Continuing Education Center for Construction
Please follow and like us :
Related
Accused Al Qaeda sleeper agent Ali Saleh Kahlah Marri on Thursday pleaded guilty to supporting the architects of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
In a plea agreement entered before U.S. District Judge Michael Mihm in Peoria , Ill. , Marri admitted to one count of conspiring to provide material support or resources to a foreign terrorist organization .
He spoke softly and smiled occasionally as Mihm read aloud a timeline that described Marri ’s attendance at terrorist training camps in Pakistan and his research into cyanide compounds and other chemical agents .
“ Ali al - Marri today admitted that he came here . . . as an Al Qaeda operative the day before the Sept. 11 attacks to plan and prepare for future acts of terrorism within the United States , ” said Jeffrey Lang , acting U.S. attorney for the Central District of Illinois .
A native of Qatar , Marri was attending Bradley University in Peoria on a student visa when he was arrested in December 2001 on charges of credit card fraud and lying to the FBI .
Advertisement
The Bush administration declared him an “ enemy combatant ” and held him without charges for more than five years at a Navy brig in South Carolina .
The designation was dropped this year when Marri , 43 , was indicted by a federal grand jury in Illinois .
Appearing Thursday in khaki pants , a plain white shirt and white kufi hat , Marri admitted to having associations with Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , the self - proclaimed Sept. 11 mastermind , and Mustafa Ahmed Hawsawi , chief financier of the attacks , before arriving in the U.S. on Sept. 10 , 2001 .
While training at several terrorist camps in Pakistan , Marri ’s plea agreement stated , he became an expert with military weapons , he learned to conceal his identity online and he used his computer to research chemical agents that could be used in an attack .
Advertisement
Marri ’s laptop held research on various cyanide compounds , their toxicity levels and where they could be bought , U.S. attorneys found .
Authorities also recovered from his house an almanac with pages bookmarked showing U.S. bridges , roads and waterways .
In authorizing the plea agreement , the Obama administration was seeking to put behind it a controversial and legally troublesome terrorism case that began under President Bush .
“ Good riddance .
The sooner the better , ” said one career Justice Department official who spoke on the condition of anonymity Thursday because he was not authorized to discuss the case .
That official and others said the case was becoming a quagmire for federal prosecutors , given the complicated issues involved -- such as how to bring into court all of the classified evidence to be used against Marri .
Advertisement
Defense lawyers were gearing up to challenge the admissibility of much of that evidence , including statements that they said Marri had made under duress or even torture .
They alleged in court documents that he was subjected to inhumane , degrading , and physically and psychologically abusive treatment .
On Thursday , defense attorney Lawrence Lustberg said Marri ’s time in the brig was exceedingly difficult and at times “ crossed the line into torture . ”
Legal experts have been monitoring the case as a bellwether of how the Obama administration will handle a broader array of detainee issues .
This year the Supreme Court had agreed to hear Marri ’s case and decide whether the government can arrest a civilian in the United States and hold him in military custody , without filing charges or giving him a trial .
Advertisement
But soon after President Obama took office , the government pulled Marri out of the military brig and opted to charge him in federal court instead .
For much of his time in the military brig , Marri was the only “ enemy combatant ” held on U.S. soil .
Matthew Waxman , a Columbia University law professor who was a State Department and Pentagon official during the Bush administration , said the plea agreement was probably the best option .
“ The Obama administration inherited a tough dilemma :
On the one hand , it wants to distance itself from controversial Bush administration positions .
But on the other hand it wants to preserve options and executive powers , ” said Waxman , who played a role in detainee affairs while at the Pentagon .
“ Given the history of this case , the administration did n’t want to litigate it , and courts will be happy to be rid of it . ”
Advertisement
By reaching a plea agreement , said Marjorie Cohn , a professor at the Thomas Jefferson School of Law in San Diego and president of the National Lawyers Guild , “ the Obama administration avoids a lengthy trial where invariably evidence of torture would come out , and that would put even more pressure on the administration to have investigations and prosecutions .
It was done for expediency ’s sake . ”
The charge against Marri carries up to 15 years in prison .
Sentencing is scheduled for July 30 .
He is seeking to serve his time in Qatar .
--
Advertisement
jhood@tribune.com
josh.meyer@latimes.com
David G. Savage in the Washington bureau contributed to this report .
[ digg - reddit - me ] Today , as the President Zardari of Pakistan is scheduled to meet with Obama , the news about Pakistan is growing worse and worse .
A nation with nuclear weapons seems on the brink of collapse .
Yet it often seems as if the country ’s leadership is still more focused on the threat from its historic rival , India .
As the New York Times editorial board explained last week :
If the Indian Army advanced within 60 miles of Islamabad , you can bet Pakistan ’s army would be fully mobilized and defending the country in pitched battles .
The Pakistani Taliban is now within that distance – 60 miles – of the capital .
It ’s advance has not been halted and it continues to destabilize and then take over large portions of Pakistan .
You can see the strong position the Taliban is in by reading the story published just a few days ago by Jane Perlez and Pir Zubair Shah also in the Times telling the story of a Taliban strategist who gave them an inside look at the Taliban ’s regional strategy – which focuses in a large part on exploiting the border between Afganistan and Pakistan over which the Taliban move without qualms , but which U.S. forces generally respect .
The Pakistani army and intelligence agencies are both said to be sympathetic to the Taliban and islamist extremism in general – and U.S. strategists believe their goal is to wait out America ’s interest in the region and then use these Taliban forces to exert control over Afghanistan and to destabilize India , which they still consider the main threat to their national security .
This is why – despite the billions of dollars in funding given to the Pakistani military and intelligence agencies since September 11 for the purpose of aiding them in their war against the Taliban – their forces they have arrayed against the Taliban are ill - equipped and too few in number – as they have used most of these funds to build up their military for a more conventional war against India .
David Sanger , speaking at the Council on Foreign Relations some weeks ago told a story he described as telling you “ everything you need to know about the U.S. - Pakistan relationship . ”
It is a story , essentially , of a leadership that is friendly with the Taliban – even as they tell the Americans they are doing everything they can to stop them .
President Zardari meanwhile tried to assure American lawmakers – who he met with yesterday – that the money they were sending to Pakistan was being used wisely by likening it “ to the government ’s bailout of the troubled insurance giant , American International Group ” according to the Times .
The fall of Pakistan to the Taliban is perhaps the worst case scenario national security experts can imagine .
The Taliban is allied with Al Qaeda – who have planned to use weapons of mass destruction against America .
Pakistan has nuclear weapons in numerous locations throughout the country – and is already responsible for more nuclear proliferation than any other nation on earth .
It is , what Dick Cheney might call , the nexus of America ’s worst fears .
And worse yet , none of America ’s policies in the region seemed to have had the desired effect – former President Musharraf seemed unable to truly take on the Taliban and terrorist elements , despite his being motivated their attempts to kill him – and America , by continuing to support Musharraf in the face of his desperate bids to hold onto power , alienated many Pakistanis and was finally removed from office due to the pressure from both America and groups organizing for a civil society ; Benazir Bhutto , martyred running for office , said all the right things and seemed to recognize that the fundamental enemy of Pakistan was no longer India – but the religious extremists within it ’s own borders ; but she never had an opportunity to lead Pakistan again ; her widower , the current President Zardari has followed too much in the path of Musharraf and had likewise angered many Pakistanis by using his power to undermine political rivals ( leading to massive destabilizing protests until he backed down due to pressure from America and groups organizing for civil society ) – while at the same time , despite fine words , he has been unable to make progress in combating the Taliban .
Instead , he signed a deal with them to allow the Taliban to impose their extremist religion on a large region of the country .
Despite the glaringly self - interested actions of Pakistani leaders – and the fact that even today with the Taliban encroaching upon the capital , it is not clear that the government is yet committed to rooting out these insurgents or terrorists – America has been forced time and again to double down in our support of Pakistan ’s leaders .
What other choice do we have ?
Pakistan is too important to allow it to fail – and it has nuclear weapons .
Which is why we can longer accept the constant refrain from Pakistan ’s leaders that “ Everything ’s fine ; please send helicopters . ”
Pakistan is “ ground zero in many of the worst - case scenario exercises gamed out by national security officials [ and seems ] on the verge of spiraling out of control . ”
General Petreaus is apparently saying privately that “ the next two weeks are critical [ in ] determining whether the Pakistani government will survive . ”
David Kilcullen , an Australian counterinsurgency expert advising the Obama administration , expressed a related point : “ We have to face the fact that if Pakistan collapses it will dwarf anything we have seen so far in whatever we ’re calling the war on terror now . ”
This is where we are – at the edge of an abyss .
And it seems there is nothing for us to do but to trust that our government is properly trusting the ineffectual ( or perhaps conflicted ) Pakistani leadership to control the situation .
Or is that all we can do ?
Wendy Chamberlin , a former ambassador to Pakistan suggested another idea : “ We have to make clear that our relationship is with the people of Pakistan and not with [ any ] one man … ”
I do n’t this is what she meant – but it seems to me that the best way to make this clear is for Americans to begin communicating with Pakistanis .
And I do n’t just mean the government .
Remember the Obama campaign – which encouraged tens of thousands of volunteers to call or email or knock on the doors of millions of citizens – in a grass - roots effort to change the nation ?
We should start that .
Here .
Today .
Go on Facebook .
Find someone from Pakistan .
Send them a pen-pal letter and ask them what ’s going on – so each of us can do our part to figure out what is going on in what we are being told is a very dangerous situation .
Be humble ; be curious ; be respectful .
But reach out .
It seems kind of silly , but what other choice do we have ?
Like Loading ...
Real Prosecutors Do n't Let War Criminals Walk For The Price Of A Confession
Real Prosecutors Do n't Let War Criminals Walk For The Price Of A Confession
Heute : Ani L. verlässt sich auf Sie
Ani L. Schwartz benötigt Ihre Hilfe zur Petition „ Real Prosecutors Don't Let War Criminals Walk For The Price Of A Confession ” .
Jetzt machen Sie Ani L. und 66 Unterstützer * innen mit .
Petition unterschreiben
A doctor who has n't cut his hair in more than 60 years believes it has healing powers .
Picture : CEN
The medic , 79 , made the link between healing patients and not trimming his locks more than 60 years ago .
Traditional Chinese medicine practitioner Peng
Fu said : " I stopped cutting my hair and people started to get better . "
" My medicine became more effective the longer I let my hair grow .
Now I will never cut it . "
The hirsute healer now has to carry his eight - pound mane rolled up in a bag on his back , according to the Austrian Times .
It stretched nearly nine feet the last time he measured .
The doctor , from Suining in central China , takes his healing very seriously .
He does n't allow patients to touch his tresses and rarely washes them .
Move over Bernie Madoff and Allen Stanford , it 's time for Tom Petters to take center stage .
In a page one story today , the WSJ's Susan Carey takes a detailed look at the Minnesota businessman who promised investors fat returns if they loaned him money to buy surplus merchandise , such as DVD players and flat - screen TVs , which he planned to resell to the likes of Mal - Mart Stores Inc .
" In ...
what we do Your local junk removal service 1 - 888 - Junk - Quick cares about the environment that 's why we 're a ' Green Company '
We are licensed by the M.O.E. ( Ministry of Environment ) and we recycle and donate as much of your junk as we can , before taking the rest to the dump .
We are licensed by the M.O.E. ( Ministry of Environment ) and we recycle and donate as much of your junk as we can , before taking the rest to the dump .
Read more
We are local company with local service guarantee
We cover South - Western Ontario and know it well - we have no distant head office , and you can contact us any time , right here in your city .
We cover South - Western Ontario and know it well - we have no distant head office , and you can contact us any time , right here in your city .
Read more
We offer seniors discount
We offer 5 % discount on all our pricing for seniors .
So give us a call today on and ask us how we can help you !
We offer 5 % discount on all our pricing for seniors .
So give us a call today on 1-888-586-5784 and ask us how we can help you !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Below is a guest blog entry by MoJo author Maia Szalavitz :
There is a silver lining to this bleak economy : Abusive and ineffective “ tough love ” programs for teens are failing right and left .
In just the last few weeks , the notorious Tranquility Bay program in Jamaica , Spring Creek Lodge in Montana , and Pathway Family Center in Detroit and Ohio have all been shuttered .
Tranquility Bay was known for making kids kneel on concrete for days , using “ restraint ” so harsh that it broke bones .
Both Tranquility Bay and Spring Creek Lodge were part of a network called the World Wide Association of Specialty Programs and Schools ( WWASP or WWASPS ) — and the group ’s philosophy involves constant use of emotional attacks and humiliation in a rigid , structured day in order to break teens ’ spirits .
Spring Creek was notorious for a frigid , small isolation room called “ the Hobbit ” — sometimes teens were left there for months .
From Pathway — which was descended from the infamously abusive Straight Inc .
— I received two separate accounts of suicide attempts by girls which were not reported to their parents , and many stories of the usual attack therapy and humiliation .
Unfortunately , neither WWASP nor Pathway is completely dead yet : WWASP still has centers operating in the US and abroad , and Pathway has sites in Indiana : Porter and Indianapolis .
The media tends to present these closures as sad examples of needed services being cut — but in fact , teens are better off with no treatment than with treatment that often divides families and has characteristics known to produce post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
Family support tends to be crucial to long term recovery — and PTSD doubles the odds that a drug problem will become a lasting addiction .
Troubled teen programs were yet another sign of the bubble economy .
Many were financed by mortgage and home equity loans because they cost thousands of dollars a month and because insurers , quite correctly , do n’t usually pay for programs that are n’t proven to help .
Since there are proven alternatives for teens with drug and other problems that do not carry the risks of “ tough love , ” we should greet the closings of these centers with glee .
And those who care about this issue should keep the pressure on so that the wounded programs finally die .
After all , there are still teens suffering inside , being “ treated ” without dignity or respect — some of whom were just transferred from closed programs to other similar , sites .
Legislation to ban the most egregious practices is coming — and may well be strengthened now that the Democrats control Congress and the White House .
But an even better outcome would be for the “ troubled teen ” industry to wither and be replaced by what the evidence shows works : community - based , family - centered , minimally restrictive , and youth - driven care .
Maia Szalavitz is the author of “ Help At Any Cost : How the Troubled - Teen Industry Cons Parents and Hurts Kids , ” and Senior Fellow at stats.org .
Delaying Retirement Can Ward Off Senility and Alzheimer ’s Disease
It may seem like a bummer if you 've been forced to put off your retirement because of the bad economy — but according to a new study , that extra time at work can help keep your brain agile and ward off senility .
Not so long ago , you had a nice , cushy 401 ( k ) plan .
You were all ready to retire with plenty of money set aside for that vacation home in Cape Cod , or maybe you ’d head down to Mexico for a few months of beachside relaxation to kick off your period of endless leisure .
But now , especially if you ’re in the tail end of your career , those so - called golden years are looking a lot grimmer .
Thanks to the stock market crash , many older workers will be forced to clock in for several more years than they were planning , just to make ends meet after they finally retire .
Mexico will have to wait — for now , you ’ll just have to make do with weekend getaways and golf games .
But even though it may seem hard to believe , there is a silver lining to sticking with work for a few more years : according to a new study , it can help you ward off senility .
Recently , researchers from the Institute of Psychiatry at King ’s College London researched the life histories of more than 1,300 people who ’d been diagnosed with dementia , considering factors such as education , employment , and age of retirement .
According to their findings , one factor was quite consistent in determining when someone might begin showing signs of Alzheimer ’s disease or other forms of dementia : those who retired later were likely to show symptoms of the disease at a later age .
They found that for every extra year of work , a person could expect to halt the disease ’s progression for an additional six weeks .
“ The intellectual stimulation that older people gain from the workplace may prevent a decline in mental abilities , thus keeping people above the threshold for dementia for longer , ” Simon Lovestone , one of the study ’s co-authors , said in a press statement .
So , while you may not relish the thought of heading into the office for another year or two after hitting 65 , just imagine the extra office time as a 401 ( k ) plan for your brain — and once you finally leave the workplace , bring some Sudoku puzzles with you to Mexico , and all will be well .
While observing ants traveling on a trail , scientists observed that , unlike in vehicular traffic , the average velocity of ant traffic remains the same in spite of increasing density .
Image credit : Alexander John , et al .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
As highway traffic increases , you 'd probably expect a traffic jam , where vehicles slow down due to the high density .
While traffic jams are a common occurrence on our highways , high density traffic has completely different effects for ants traveling on trails .
As a new study has found , ants do n't have traffic jams .
Rather , as ant traffic density increases , the traffic maintains the same average velocity as at low densities .
A team of researchers from institutions in Germany , India , and Japan discovered this surprising result while observing the ant species Leptogenys processionalis travel down linear trails .
Like many other ant species , these ants form trails with their pheromones that remain stable for hours or even days , making the trails analogous to vehicular highways .
“ Our study clearly demonstrates that ant traffic is very different from vehicular traffic , in spite of superficial similarities , ” Andreas Schadschneider , of the University of Köln and the University of Bonn in Germany , told PhysOrg.com .
“ It also raises a fundamental question : how do the ants achieve practically ‘ free - flow ’ up to such high densities ; our experiment demonstrates what happens and we also make a theoretical model of what might be responsible for this behavior . ”
To observe the ants in their natural setting , the researchers set up video cameras at sections of 10 different one - way trails that had no intersections or routes that branched off .
Surprisingly , the scientists never observed individual ants speeding up to overtake another ant in front ; the ants followed each other in single file .
This behavior , of course , contrasts with vehicular highway traffic , as well as most other known traffic forms .
Most significantly , the scientists found that , unlike vehicular traffic , the average velocity of ant traffic remains the same in spite of increasing density .
Consequently , the greater the density , the greater the flux , so that more ants travel down the trail segment in a given amount of time .
In contrast , vehicles on a highway tend to slow down when the traffic density increases , eventually resulting in a traffic jam .
Along the same lines , the researchers noted that most types of high - density traffic exhibit mutual blocking , in which a vehicle is prevented from moving by neighboring vehicles and also contributes to the blocking of those vehicles .
However , the researchers did not observe mutual blocking in the ant trails .
As the researchers suggested , perhaps evolution has optimized ant traffic flow , since ants are known to have highly developed social behaviors .
In their study , the scientists observed that ants tend to form platoons in which they move at almost identical velocities , allowing them to travel “ bumper - to - bumper ” while maintaining their velocity .
At higher densities , platoons merge to form longer platoons .
But because their head - distance remains the same , traffic still maintains its same velocity even as density increases .
This behavior is very different from highway traffic , in which vehicles close together tend to slow down .
“ For the ants , an efficient transport system is essential for the survival of a colony , ” Schadschneider said .
“ Food sources are usually not in the immediate neighborhood of the nest and so the transport has to be well organized .
Therefore it is not surprising that evolution has optimized the behavior of the ants ( or all social insects ) .
On the other hand , human transportation systems still reflect a certain desire for freedom and individuality .
In contrast to ant traffic , what dominates in human traffic are two things : selfish ( non-cooperative ) behavior , and large body weight of vehicles where any contact between the vehicles would be costly ( for the cars as well as for the riders ' lives ) .
Ants , on the other hand , do not mind body contacts which become unavoidable at high densities . ”
As he explained , understanding ant behavior will require further study : “ Now entomologists have to connect this behavior of ants to their ‘ thinking and sensing ’ process .
Our work opens up the possibility of collaborations between entomologists , physicists , mathematical modelers and traffic scientists . ”
While this study shows that the collective marching of ant traffic seems to be very different from vehicular traffic , the scientists suggest that ant traffic might be more analogous to human pedestrian traffic .
They plan to explore this analogy in the future , and they predict that their results could have applications in swarm intelligence , ant - based computer algorithms , and traffic engineering .
“ To our knowledge , so far applications in swarm intelligence mainly draw from the analogy with the formation of ant trail networks , ” Schadschneider said .
“ Our study was focused on a different aspect , namely the usage of an already existing trail .
Combining both approaches could open promising perspectives for future applications , e.g. in optimization problems .
“ From a traffic engineering point of view , the results give some indication on how to improve the situation on our highways , ” he added .
“ As the example of the ant trail shows , non-egoistic behavior could improve the situation for almost everybody .
However , this will be difficult to achieve since , very much in contrast to the ants , drivers and their cars are very different .
Another interesting point is the relevance of communication between the vehicles .
On ant trails this is achieved mostly on a chemical basis .
In the future , our cars might be connected electronically and transmit e.g. information about velocity changes immediately .
This would allow the driver to react much quicker to a new situation . ”
More information : John , Alexander ; Schadschneider , Andreas ; Chowdhury , Debashish ; and Nishinari , Katsuhiro .
“ Trafficlike collective movement of ants on trails : absence of jammed phase . ” Physical Review Letters , 102 , 108001 ( 2009 ) .
Explore further
Ants show us how to make super - highways
( CNN ) --
It 's a record any studio would love to have .
A boy tags along with an old man and his traveling house in the new Pixar movie , " Up . "
Including its first feature , " Toy Story , " in 1995 , the animation powerhouse Pixar has released nine full - length films .
All nine have been both financial and critical successes .
There has to be a secret , right ?
Right ?
Uh , no , says Pete Docter , the director of Pixar 's 10th feature , " Up , " which opens Friday .
" I do n't really think it 's much of a secret , " he told CNN .
" I think it comes down to two basic things : one is that we 're run by artists .
... John Lasseter is a film director , as opposed to being from a business school or whatever .
He has that side of him as well , but he 's always approaching these things as the same way we are .
" Second , we have some pretty great people that they 've managed to collect here .
This is our 10th film , and every film has just gotten better and better , whether that be in animation or special effects or lighting .
And it just all comes together to make for some really fantastic stuff . "
Watch a preview of the film »
Indeed , the studio has n't followed any particular formula .
There have been big stars involved in Pixar films -- Tom Hanks and Paul Newman have both participated -- but the name voices in Pixar 's biggest box - office success , " Finding Nemo , " were comedians Albert Brooks and Ellen DeGeneres .
The looks have included the squarish angles of suburbia ( " Toy Story " ) , slick candy colors ( " Cars " ) , classic , rubbery characters ( " Ratatouille " ) and high technology ( " WALL - E " ) .
And though there are occasional pop-cultural references , such as those favored by Pixar 's competition , in general the humor is organic to the story .
And story always comes first , says " Up " producer Jonas Rivera .
" One of the things that I really love about [ Pixar ] is that no matter what you do , if you 're a production assistant or a producer or a marketing executive or running the kitchen , everyone here thinks like filmmakers , " he said .
" Up " took five years to create , Rivera said , and his biggest fear was " it 's not gonna stay true " to the original concept .
In the case of " Up , " the story involves the elderly Carl Fredricksen , voiced by Ed Asner , who had a happy marriage and a career as a balloon seller for many years .
After his wife dies and he 's threatened with eviction , Fredricksen decides to fly his house -- using hundreds of balloons -- to South America , a place that always had romantic meaning for him and his wife .
Much to Fredricksen 's initial chagrin , however , he has a stowaway , a Junior Wilderness Explorer named Russell ( voiced by Jordan Nagai ) .
The two are forced to become mutually dependent in the course of their adventures .
The film has a number of gorgeous set pieces -- the house flying away , the wonder of a dramatic waterfall ( the latter inspired by an episode of the documentary series " The Living Edens , " said Rivera ) -- but what was most challenging was an early sequence in which 50 years of Carl 's life is compressed into four minutes , said Docter , the director .
" We wrote like 20 minutes ' worth of stuff and kept cutting away , cutting away until we got just down to the essence , " he said , praising story artist Ronnie del Carmen 's storyboard work .
" I was just hoping we would n't ruin it , because there 's just such a beautiful quality of the way he draws .
As it turns out , I think everybody just stepped up . "
Asner -- as amusingly crusty in person as he is on screen -- praised that scene as " a grabber " but said he also loved the film 's " small moments , " in his words , including scenes of Fredricksen 's solitary house surrounded by bulldozed space and Russell sitting on a log in front of a campfire .
He said he 's prouder , though , of the film 's message .
" It 's a very gratifying film for me to put under my belt because of the philosophy inherent in it , " he said .
" Do no harm .
Do good when you can .
Live life .
Do n't live in the past .
Find the future and react to the love that 's given you . "
" Up , " which premiered at Europe 's prestigious Cannes Film Festival , faces a crowded marketplace , with " Star Trek , " the new " Night at the Museum " and " Terminator Salvation " all staking a claim on audience loyalties .
But the toughest critics might be at Pixar itself .
After all , four of the studio's films have won the Oscar for best animated feature .
All but two have earned more than $ 200 million at the domestic box office .
And every single one has been praised by critics -- a handful , such as 2007's " Ratatouille , " receiving almost unanimous acclaim .
iReport.com : Did Disney 's latest leave you in an ' Up ' beat mood ?
Share your review
It 's a tough act to follow .
But that 's where the studio really may have a secret weapon , Docter said .
" We use ourselves as the first test audience , " he said .
" We know that the audience is going to be diverse : my mom , my grandmother , my kids ; everybody is going to be in there .
But the first audience is us . "
Rivera added , " The bar raises , and we 're all very self - competitive but at the same time supportive .
Like , I did n't work on ' WALL - E , ' but I feel like it 's mine , you know ?
And I want that to look great and be great .
And then I want that bar to be higher and for us to be challenged . "
CNN 's Juan Carlos Arciniegas contributed to this report .
All About Pixar Animation Studios • Ed Asner • Cannes Film Festival
So I just recently switched to KDE 4 ( still using it with xmonad , of course ) and I just now ran into my first really big annoyance .
I just downloaded a PDF , and tried to copy and paste a bit of text from it .
I used the selection tool , and Okular ( KDE ’s document viewer ) offered to speak it to me , but said “ Copy forbidden by DRM . ”
pdftotext was able to convert the entire file to text format in an instant .
Why are people intentionally adding code to KDE to remove my freedom ?
This is crazy and nuts .
Nobody should be doing this , least of all in Free Software !
I have an opinion piece in the New York Post yesterday about the future of NASA .
It 's hard to imagine that while at this very moment we have astronauts working so hard to upgrade Hubble and doing such a fantastic job , NASA is itself somewhat rudderless .
Cassini still orbits Saturn , returning one stunning image after another .
Rovers still traverse the Martian surface , years after their warranties have expired .
The Swift satellite recently saw the most distant single object in the Universe , a titanic explosion an incredible 13.1 billion light years away .
Despite these astonishing achievements , NASA is floundering .
The Space Shuttle program is waning .
When the current mission touches down , only eight more flights of the birds will remain , the last in 2010 .
The replacement program , called Constellation , wo n't launch until at least 2014 , and more likely later .
For at least four years , NASA wo n't be able to launch a human into space without help from Russia , Europe , or just possibly private industry .
I 'm very concerned about the future of NASA and of space exploration itself , and I honestly do n't know what needs to be done .
I have some suggestions in that article , but they 're my personal opinion .
What do you think ?
Another opinion piece posted today is by astronaut Tom Jones and largely mirrors what I said .
And there 's a third OpEd on this topic up as well ... by Buzz Aldrin !
He talks about the ISS , which I did not , due to space limitation ( in the article , not in space ) .
Buzz makes some good points , though I wonder if we should focus more on the ISS or set our goals higher .
It all depends on how willing we are to take the big steps .
The best release this summer !
RIO DE JANEIRO ( Reuters ) - U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged the Brazilian government on Wednesday to push for the return of an 8 - year - old boy to his U.S. father , who says his son was abducted illegally more than four years ago .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks during a joint with news conference with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ( not pictured ) in the West Bank city of Ramallah March 4 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Fadi Arouri
Clinton , speaking in Jerusalem on NBC ’s “ Today ” program , said she had raised the case at the “ highest levels ” of the Brazilian government and urged it to grant U.S. citizen David Goldman custody of his son , Sean .
“ Mr. Goldman has , under every known law of international adoption , followed the rules , ” she said .
“ He ’s come in , he ’s made a claim , which is certainly a paramount claim that as the biological father he has every right to have custody of his son . ”
Goldman ’s wife , Bruna , took Sean on vacation to her native Brazil in 2004 , then divorced him and stayed there in what Goldman says was a case of international child abduction .
She died last year in childbirth and her new husband is refusing to return the boy to Goldman , who lives in New Jersey .
The new husband , a lawyer , is living with the boy in Rio de Janeiro , where Goldman saw him for the first time in four years last month .
Brazilian local courts have declined to grant Goldman custody , despite both Brazil and the United States being signatories to the 1980 Hague Abduction Convention .
The treaty states that a child taken to one country by a parent in violation of the other parent ’s custody rights should be promptly returned to their original country pending court rulings .
The case is due to be heard in a federal court in Brazil .
An official at Brazil ’s foreign ministry , asked about Clinton ’s comments , said the issue was a judicial one and would be decided by the courts .
The official confirmed that Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Amorim had discussed the case with Clinton during their meeting in Washington last month .
Clinton , who compared the case to the high - profile dispute between the United States and Cuba in 2000 over Cuban boy Elian Gonzalez , said there were 46 such cases involving Brazil .
“ A child belongs with his family and there is no reason why David Goldman should not get his child back , and we ’re hoping that will be resolved very soon , ” Clinton said .
“ Obviously if it ’s not , we ’ll continue to raise it with the Brazilian government . ”
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is due to visit U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington on March 17 for their first talks since Obama became president in January .
Learn • Meet • Get Inspired
ISVCon is a small but powerful conference for self - funded start - ups and working ISVs .
At ISVCon , the atmosphere is relaxed .
Have conversations with speakers and sponsors .
Get answers about things that affect YOUR business .
Hear other ISVs talk about the challenges they face , and how they conquer them .
Enjoy excellent food , free drinks , a shoot - out , and dinner and a show downtown ( with free transportation ! ) .
Come to learn , network and have fun .
Leave educated , inspired and ready to make more money !
Invest in your company 's future at ISVCon .
Sessions Register
So this is why we set up Google alerts !
A self - professing pot grower in Maryland says on a message board that he almost got busted yesterday because a Verizon ( VZ ) Fios installer supposedly ratted him out during a house visit .
We 'll ask Verizon if it 's true or not , but either way , an entertaining tale !
Update : A Verizon rep says the company has " been unable to find any technician or office that knows about this or was involved in anything like it .
Urban legend ? "
From " PuffPuffPuffGive " on the Roll It Up message boards :
So , I have a small clone garden growing , under 15 plants , in the wash room of my apartment .
I live in Maryland .
Out of the 15 plants , 10 are almost ready .
So , Verizon FIOS needs to enter my apartment to put their bullshit cable into my life .
I take the day off work , move the plants to a room they wo n't be working in .
( the plants are ak - 47 clones , 1 week to harvest , stinky , about half a pound )
Verizon Fios enters , cuts holes in my ceiling , in the bathroom , the washingmachine / grow room ( completely empty ) , and another room .
Then one of the motherfucking workmen calls the police on me for smelling bud .
Cops show up an hour later , say they 've got a complaint , can they search ?
I say , No , that I smoked a joint earlier in the day and maybe they saw that , but why are they harassing me smoking a joint in my own house ?
They go to the rental office , tell them that they could not verify the mj smell , and that they did not arrest me .
Do I have grounds to sue Verizon for this breach of privacy ?
If so , anyone know a MD lawyer ?
or should I just shut up ?
should I get rid of my gear ?
( we 're moving june 14 to another , bigger apt in same complex )
I have no other legal issues .
Some help , commiseration would be great !
- Puff Puff
BOSASSO , Somalia ( Reuters ) - Somali pirates said on Sunday they had received a $ 2 - million ( 1.3 - million pound ) ransom for the release of a British - owned vessel and its 16 Bulgarian crew .
Pirate attacks , fueled by large ransoms , have continued almost unabated despite the presence of an armada of foreign warships patrolling the Indian Ocean and Gulf of Aden .
“ We got a $ 2 million ransom for the release of the British - owned ship , ” pirate Mohamed Saleh , from the Somali coastal village of Eyl , told Reuters on Sunday .
“ A helicopter brought the money . ”
The 32,000 - tonne bulker , Malaspina Castle , was released on Saturday after being captured more than a month ago .
Its Italian operator paid the ransom , according to Bulgaria ’s Foreign Ministry , which gave no details on the amount .
Analysts say the only way to stop bandits on the high seas is to resolve Somalia ’s political crisis on land where pirates profit from lawlessness as Islamist - led rebels fight government troops and African Union peacekeepers .
Editor ’s Note :
This post is updated monthly .
Bookmark this page and come back every month to see the new horror movies on HBO Max .
What ever would we do without horror ?
So much of our day to day life is built around logic and known , verifiable facts , and for some , the rest of the time must be supplemented with comforting reassurances that everything is going to be alright .
Well if the last year has taught us anything … that ’s not the case .
Perhaps this is why horror hounds know the best way to face abstract fears is to confront them head on … and preferably with a screen in the way .
So , with Halloween around the corner , we figured it ’s time to get in touch with our illogical , terrified animal brain .
That ’s where horror and horror movies in particular come in .
Gathered here are the best horror movies
A new way to bury people at sea is becoming more popular in the US .
Families use their loved one 's ashes to build an artificial reef which is then dropped into the sea as a new home for marine life .
With so many natural fish habitats having been destroyed the organisers say the burials are helping to preserve aquatic animals .
The BBC's Heather Alexander went to Ocean City in New Jersey to see how the burials work .
Posted on 08 April 2009 by HansKlopek
There are certain actors whose look indicates a certain persona , a certain life status , a certain lack of experience .
I do n’t know what it is about Jesse Eisenberg , but apparently every casting director he has encountered in his young career has immediately screamed “ VIRGIN ! ” upon meeting him .
Eisenberg can most recently be seen as the callow lead in Adventureland , which opened on Friday , and in my review of said film I wrote “ he shares with Michael Cera the ability to seem sincere even when he is making the gravest mess of things . ”
Indeed , there is a profound innocence to these two actors that gives them a leg up on most of their young peers–they actually seem to be the age that they are playing .
This is a great help to a movie like Adventureland , whose success hinges on the authenticity and sincerity of the two romantic leads .
Both performances ( the other by Kristen Stewart ) were great successes , and the movie is a real gem , the kind that reminds you how good it feels to be young .
Eisenberg ’s other well - known performance is in The Squid and the Whale , where he played the adolescent son of two newly divorced New York intellectuals ( played by Jeff Daniels and Laura Linney ) .
He played a much more complex character in the film , one who had to come to grips with his hero worship of a deeply flawed father while slighting a caring mother who had made mistakes but wanted to rise above them .
The film was fantastic ( though the ending was a problem ) and Eisenberg ’s performance gave it a nice eccentricity balanced with realism ; fast talking and hyper- articulate , his mind moves at a rate that voice can’t compete with , but his words are filtered through a self - consciousness that grounds the character .
Eisenberg brought a similar authenticity to Roger Dodger , a seldom remembered but simply outstanding character piece from 2002 .
Eisenberg plays Nick , an inexperienced 16 - year - old who high tails it from his small town in Ohio to New York City for a visit with his uncle Roger ( Campbell Scott ) , a Manhattan marketing executive and ladies man who seems capable of authoring several books on how to pick up a lady .
Nick ’s virginity is a skin he desperately wants to shed , and he enlists Roger to initiate his sexual education .
The film follows this slightly twisted mentor - protege dynamic during one long New York night where Nick learns the bachelor life , but has to confront how far he will go for initiation into it .
That ’s the plot , but there is far more to the movie than this .
The movie belongs undeniably to Scott , who gives one of the most interesting lead performances I ’ve seen in quite some time .
Roger is not a cad , but a rugged reductionist capable of boiling just about any situation down to its essence .
We see him at work in an early scene with a pretty young woman in a bar .
She is there with some friends from work .
He looks over and picks out one man as her boss , and deconstructs the reasons behind why she might want to sleep with him .
Whether he is right or wrong is beside the point ; director / writer Dylan Kidd uses the scene to set up both Roger ’s social perceptiveness and his lack of self - reflexitvity , as he also is nursing a crush on his supervisor .
This is Joyce ( Isabella Rosselinni ) , whose affair with Roger comes to an abrupt end in the film ’s early scenes .
He tries to convince himself that it will start up again , but Joyce seems to have moved on to Donovan ( Ben Shenkman ) , Roger ’s handsome coworker .
Just when his frustration starts to simmer , Nick arrives unexpectedly .
A distant nephew from a family Roger has tried to forget , Nick is both a reminder of the past and a geeky alter - ego .
He simultaneously inhibits Roger ’s social fluidity but also brings up troubling issues of family ; during a dinner scene , Nick refers to Roger ’s mother as crazy for continuing to make dinner for his father after she had left him .
Roger clearly has some mommy issues , explored by Kidd via the maternal treatment he recieves from the much older Joyce during their breakup .
It ’s unclear why Roger chooses to tutor Nick , but it might be to punish him for the careless comment , as Roger becomes committed to showing his earnest pupil how complex male - female relations truly are .
Or , he just might want to talk a lot .
Roger draws most of his confidence from his ability to speak intelligently , which leads to scene after scene of him speaking ad naseum about the intricacies of a pickup .
He seems to think of himself as a great athlete in a new sport of sexual interaction , as he alludes to Michael Jordan , Magic Johnson , and “ winning time ” in breaking down the bachelor ’s strategy for Nick .
These sports stars have nothing on him though .
“ Try working someone in a bar for three hours and then have to close the deal just before last call , ” he tells Nick , “ that ’s pressure . ”
Roger has all of these strategies down pat , but is confident enough to be totally flip about them ; in setting up a test - interaction for Nick in a bar , he merely picks the beautiful Andrea ( Elizabeth Berkely ) out of crowd and waits for the kid to think of a line as she walks over .
It is this kind of confidence that makes Scott an absolute joy to watch–few actors have the command to own a character like this , but Scott does , and manages to be funny while never throwing anything away .
The visual style and tone of the film indicate that we are heading for dark territory , but it is n’t so dark that we feel James Spader should pop up and say “ where have you guys been ? ”
Kidd is comfortable with his film being a comedy with a lot of complexity to it rather than a comedy that turns dead serious after a while .
There are some tough beats when Roger takes Nick to a party at Joyce ’s apartment , a party that he has specifically not been invited to , and makes a scene , and another where a brothel comes in to play , but the movie never makes the right turn that you think it is going to .
The film is basically about great dialogue , and Scott and Eisenberg are a lot of fun to watch .
There is a great one - shot scene where Roger and Nick discuss strategies for eyeing women , and Scott plays it like a drill sergeant taking a recruit through his first day at basic .
Eisenberg plays
Nick as an awkward , slightly eccentric kid , something that prompts a good deal of chewing out from Roger ; when he refuses a drink at the bar , Roger barks “ alcohol has been a social lubricant for thousands of years .
You do n’t use one night on the town as an excuse to reinvent the wheel . ”
When Nick reveals that he wants to be cryongenically frozen upon death and reveals the themometer setting on his watch , Roger , pondering how this will look to women , muses “ keep it .
It ’s just spastic enough to seem charming . ”
The movie ultimately works because you wind up believing in the relationship between this shy kid and his shady uncle .
We obviously have to confront the moral terrain of whether or not Roger exposing Nick to these things is right or wrong , but Kidd is smart enough not to get uber - sentimental about it .
We kind of know instinctively that Roger is n’t gonna let his nephew do anything that salacious , but Eisenberg is so interesting that we are never sure what he is willing to do in order to achieve his objective .
It is his authenticity as the naive kid that makes the movie work .
This movie really was excellent .
Scott usually plays more conventional roles ( he was the romantic lead in Cameron Crowe ’s Singles and the prosecuting attorney in The Exorcism of Emily Rose ) but here shows the heights that he is truly capable of .
It is a crime that he was n’t nominated for an Oscar for Roger Dodger , which also should have been at least in the running for a screenplay nomination .
And for Eisenberg–he ’s the best nice guy in the business .
Sooner or later they will cast him as a guy who has already had sex before the story begins .
RANKIN INLET , Nunavut–On the first day of her trip to the Arctic Michaëlle Jean gutted a freshly slaughtered seal , pulled out its raw heart , and ate it .
Hundreds of Inuit at a community festival gathered around as the Governor General made a gesture of solidarity with the country 's beleaguered seal hunters .
Jean knelt above a pair of carcasses and used a traditional blade to slice the meat off the skin .
After repeated , vigorous cuts through the flesh the Queen 's representative turned to the woman beside her and asked enthusiastically : " Could I try the heart ? "
Afterward Jean grabbed a tissue to wipe clean her blood - soaked fingers , and explained her gesture of solidarity with the region 's Inuit hunters .
She expressed her dismay that anyone would call their eons - old , traditional hunting practices inhumane .
She gestured to the hundreds of people in a packed arena and noted that they would all be fed by the meat laid out on a tarp on the floor .
The European Union has voted to impose a ban on seal products and it will come into effect once adopted by national parliaments .
Locals here warn it will be one more shock to a region that already suffers from chronic economic woes and a staggering array of social problems .
Jean called the practice an ancient cultural ritual that , she said , is practised humanely .
The locals explained that they do n't use the hooked hakapiks that have faced such bitter criticism from environmentalists .
They said they use guns or harpoons , and can't understand why their industry is considered less humane than cattle farming .
Two young men had walked into the crowded room to drop the furry seal carcasses on the floor while the Governor General was chatting with local leaders .
The scene was reminiscent - if far bloodier - than the first day of Jean 's last trip to the Arctic .
On that occasion she was tossed metres into the air on a blanket in a demonstration of traditional hunting practices .
It was an unconventional end to a day that began with a far more conventional message : the value of an education .
After landing on a frosty airstrip , Jean delivered a speech at a high - school gymnasium , where she asked students to speak about their aspirations .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" The reason I 'm here is I really want people down south to know what life is like here , " Jean said .
" Development in the North cannot happen without you .
It has to be about you . "
Jean is making an unusually forceful pitch for the federal government to help build a university in the North so that more Inuit share in economic growth in the region .
Ottawa has said it 's not looking to build a university in the Arctic soon .
The Conservatives say they 've increased funding for colleges in the area and donated to an international project to improve school programs in different Arctic countries .
But Jean says the region needs more .
She points to the University of Tromso , which serves Norway 's Sami aboriginals , as an inspiration for Canada .
Tromso's medicine , law and geology faculties are the kind of programs , she says , that could inspire more Canadian Inuit to pursue an education .
The high school graduation rate in Nunavut is the lowest in Canada , at a mere 25 per cent .
With so few university students in the North , Jean suggests opening up the school to students throughout Canada and breaking it up into smaller satellite campuses throughout the Arctic .
Jean is spending a week in the region , mostly in Nunavut to celebrate the territory 's 10th anniversary .
As she approaches the final year of her five - year mandate , Jean says she 's not sure whether she 'll make it back before her term expires .
She expressed uncertainty when asked whether it would be her last trip there as Governor General .
" It could be , " Jean said in an interview .
" I hope not .
Of course , as time goes by I start thinking about that . "
A far - right activist linked to the murder of Chris Hani , a prominent ANC activist , is just one of a number of white South Africans who are helping the British National Party as it gears up for the European elections .
Arthur Kemp was arrested in connection with the 1993 murder of Hani – one of the most popular black politicians in South Africa – which was intended to derail the country 's transition to democracy .
Although questioned , he was released without charge and came to the UK in 1996 .
Now the editor of the BNP 's website and the author of white supremacist books , including the March of the Titans : A History of the White Race , and The Lie of Apartheid , which includes an essay on the Hani murder , he was spotted in the BNP 's election headquarters in Wales preparing thousands of campaign leaflets .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
According to the anti-racism magazine Searchlight , however , the largest traffic to the BNP 's website comes from South Africa and it claims the party is targeting wealthy white South Africans for donations .
" Many of them may be friends and relations of the growing number of South African BNP members , of whom Arthur Kemp , editor of the BNP website and in charge of the ideological training of the party 's 250 or so elite activists , is the most prominent , " Searchlight 's website says .
A spokesman for the BNP said that Mr Kemp was a " valued member " of the party , but did not have a specific role in the election campaign .
Yesterday , a spokesman for Searchlight said that Mr Kemp 's involvement with the party meant that its attempt to present an acceptable public face and to move away from its controversial previous history of links to violent extremists was " unravelling " .
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Monday , April 27 , 2009 Monday , April 27 , 2009
A U.S. based pharmaceutical company that just weeks ago was involved in a scandal involving vaccines tainted with deadly avian flu virus has been chosen to head up efforts to produce a vaccine for the Mexican swine flu that has seemingly migrated into the U.S. and Europe .
Baxter confirmed over the weekend that it is working with the World Health Organization on a potential vaccine to curb the deadly swine flu virus that is blamed for scores of deaths in Mexico and has emerged as a threat in the U.S. , reports the Chicago Tribune .
Baxter has previously worked with governments all over the globe to develop and produce vaccines to protect against infectious disease or potential threats from bioterrorism .
After 9/11
Baxter helped supply stockpiles of a smallpox vaccine and in 2003 the company was contracted to develop a vaccine to combat the SARS virus .
In 2006 the UK Government announced plans designed to inoculate every person in the country with Baxter ’s vaccines in the event of a flu pandemic .
However , Baxter has a very recent and most disturbing connection to flu vaccines .
As reported by multiple sources last month , including the Times of India , vaccines contaminated with deadly live H5N1 avian flu virus were distributed to 18 countries last December by a lab at an Austrian branch of Baxter .
[ efoods ]
It was only by providence that the batch was first tested on ferrets in the Czech Republic , before being shipped out for injection into humans .
The ferrets all died and the shocking discovery was made .
Czech newspapers immediately questioned whether the events were part of a conspiracy to deliberately provoke a pandemic , following up on accusations already made by health officials in other countries .
Initially , Baxter attempted to stonewall questions by invoking “ trade secrets ” and refused to reveal how the vaccines were contaminated with H5N1 .
After increased pressure they then claimed that pure H5N1 batches were sent by accident .
Since the probability of mixing a live virus biological weapon with vaccine material by accident is virtually impossible , this leaves no other explanation than that the contamination was a deliberate attempt to weaponize the H5N1 virus to its most potent extreme and distribute it via conventional flu vaccines to the population who would then infect others to a devastating degree as the disease went airborne .
The fact that Baxter mixed the deadly H5N1 virus with a mix of H3N2 seasonal flu viruses is the smoking gun .
The H5N1 virus on its own has killed hundreds of people , but it is less airborne and more restricted in the ease with which it can spread .
However , when combined with seasonal flu viruses , which as everyone knows are super - airborne and easily spread , the effect is a potent , super - airbone , super deadly biological weapon .
Indeed , some have already suggested that the current scare could represent the use of such a weapon .
Now it has been announced that Baxter is seeking a sample of the potentially lethal never before seen form of swine / avian / human flu virus in order to assist the World Health Organization in developing a new vaccine , reaping billions in the process .
Why should Baxter be trusted , when they have already been proven to be at the very least criminally negligent , and at worst a prime suspect in attempting to carry off one of the most heinous crimes in the history of mankind ?
The company has already put the safety of the entire human race at risk , and now , just a few weeks later , we ’re expected to invest our confidence in them and take their shots with a smile and a still tongue ?
As Mike Adams of Natural News has commented , “ If you mail an envelope full of anthrax to your Senator , you get arrested as a terrorist .
So why is Baxter — which mailed samples of a far more deadly viral strain to labs around the world — getting away with saying , essentially , ‘ Oops ? ’ ”
WHO officials are reportedly still closely monitoring the investigation into Baxter ’s contaminated flu vaccines , seemingly they are not too concerned .
Perhaps we should be .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Two characteristics that represent most web designers are a need for productivity and a love for technology .
This desire for increased efficiency and productivity leads many designers to look to technology for methods that will improve their work flow .
One common approach for designers ( and others who want to improve productivity ) is to use multiple monitors .
Using two or more monitors can bring a number of significant advantages to designers .
In this article we ’ll present some basic pros and cons of using multiple monitors , general instructions for setting them up , as well as a showcase of workstations that feature multiple monitors .
Advantages of Having Multiple Screens :
With so many designers using multiple screens , there must be some pretty significant advantages .
Of course , everyone works differently , so the key is finding the setup that works best for you .
1. Increased Productivity
The biggest advantage for anyone , designers and those in other professions , is an increase in productivity .
There have been a number of studies performed over the years that have attempted to calculate the change in productivity from using multiple monitors .
According to a study done by the Jon Peddie Research , productivity increases an average of 42 % when using multiple displays .
The Pfeiffer Report from 2005 ( testing the impact of large monitors and / or multiple monitors ) found that improved productivity could result in an ROI of several thousand dollars per year .
Likewise , a study conducted by the University of Utah and NEC found 10 % increases in productivity and 20 % reduction in errors ( plus reduced stress ) for test workers that were using multiple monitors .
Their test company also experienced over 600 % ROI .
From the report , “ Both the 24 - inch widescreen and the 20 - inch dual screens were significantly more productive than the 20 inch single monitor …
Overall in spreadsheet task , the dual 20 - inch monitors performed the best with a slight lead over the 24 - inch widescreeen ” ( see this slide show of the results ) .
This study has been reported by the Wall Street Journal and many others .
However , the report also found that productivity gains max out and eventually decline when size becomes too big .
2. Designers Often Use Multiple Programs Simultaneously
Most designers have some type of workflow that involves using multiple programs at any given time .
Maybe you ’re flipping back and forth between Photoshop and Illustrator , or maybe it ’s an HTML editor , Internet browser and FTP applicati0n .
Whatever the case may be , it ’s very rare that a designer would only have one program open and would not be moving around at least periodically .
Since using multiple programs is such a frequent occurrence for designers , having a second screen can make this juggling act much less painful and more productive .
3. Keep Email or Twitter Up on One Screen
If you ’re interested in being more connected and accessible to clients or to other professionals in your network , you may find that a second screen can make this much more feasible .
While you may be using the primary screen for the bulk of your work , you could have your email or Twitter open all the time in a second browser .
While this practice is normally associated with reduced productivity , using a second screen for this purpose can help you to still stay focused on your work while allowing you to quickly scan what is coming through ( and respond promptly ) with a minor impact on your work .
4. Works Well with Laptops and Allows for Flexibility
Many designers are working from laptops and not staying at one desk all day every day .
Setting up an additional monitor is easy with most laptops now .
This allows the designer to have a home office with a dual screen set up , but still allows for flexibly as it is easy to disconnect the second monitor and take the laptop wherever you need to go .
Setting it up is simple , and taking the laptop somewhere else only takes a minute .
5. Sharing Data Between Applications Can Be Easier
Not only do most designers work with multiple programs at once , but sharing data is also very common , for example copying code from one application to another , or opening an image in Dreamweaver that was created in Photoshop .
All these things can be streamlined with the help of a second screen .
Moving from one screen to the next is often easier than using multiple applications on one screen .
6. Using Skype While Still Having Access to Other Data
Some designers use Skype for video conferencing with clients or colleagues .
If this is the case for you , a second screen can make it easier to have a video conference and still have normal access to your screen to look at other things during the conference .
Most video conferences will involve looking at websites , mockups , or something else that will need to be seen at some point during the conference .
7. For Easier Comparison
There are a lot of aspects of a designer ’s job that involve attention to detail .
Some of these areas require comparison , such as comparing different versions of a design , testing in multiple browsers , and working from one image or design to another .
In these situations it ’s easier , quicker , and generally more effective to compare side - by - side using two screens rather than flipping back and forth constantly .
8. It ’s Very Easy
Extending your computer to a second screen is actually very easy , although to many people it sounds like it would be more difficult or involved than it really is .
If you ’ve been wanting to try a dual screen set up but have been putting it off , there ’s really no reason not to give it a shot .
More advanced set ups can obviously get more complicated , but a second screen is not difficult in most situations .
Disadvantages of Having Multiple Screens :
With all the advantages of having multiple screens , it ’s only fair to also look at the potential disadvantages of having more than one screen .
Although there are not many of them , they should be considered .
1. More Potential for Distractions
Probably the biggest disadvantage to having more than one screen is the added risk of distractions .
It ’s easy enough to get distracted when you ’re working with just one screen , and even more so when you add to it .
I mentioned the possibility of using the second screen to keep your email or Twitter open all the time .
While this is potentially a good thing for communication purposes , without some resistance to distraction it could also be a productivity killer .
It really depends on your workflow and your own personal preferences .
2. Potential Lack of Resources
From a technical perspective , a disadvantage is that the resources of the video card are divided between each display .
Depending on your system and what programs you are running , you may notice a difference in performance .
3. Lack of Desk Space
Unfortunately , the amount of available space of a desk can easily be a hindrance when it comes to getting set up for maximum efficiency .
Fortunately , flat panel and LCD monitors take up only a fraction of the space required by monitors of the past .
If space is your primary concern , see if you can rearrange your desk to make it feasible , or you could even purchase a larger desk if that is within your control .
4. Cost
If you currently only have a traditional set up , you ’ll need to get an additional monitor .
While the cost has come down considerably , it is still a barrier in some situations , especially for those who are uncertain if they would even prefer working with a second screen .
5. Too Much Space
Jeff Atwood of Coding Horor calls it The Large Display Paradox .
When using very large monitors you may wind up spending too much time resizing and arranging windows .
This is an issue that you wo n’t encounter on smaller displays where you tend to work with one maximized window at a time .
What You ’ll Need :
Adding a second monitor is pretty straightforward , and we ’ll provide some instructions here .
Adding a third ( and more ) gets a little more tricky and will depend on your setup ( see the resources section towards the end of this post ) .
For adding a second monitor , if you ’re working from a desktop computer , you will need a video card that provides ports for two monitors ( or you ’ll need to buy a second video card ) .
For laptops you will need one port for a monitor ( and the laptop screen is the other ) , which is included on almost all laptops from the past several years .
iMacs have a port for a second monitor built - in .
How to Set Up a Second Monitor on Windows Vista :
1 – Connect a second monitor .
2 – Right click on the Desktop .
3 – Click on “ Personalize ” .
4 – Click on “ Display Settings ” .
5 – Line up your monitors .
In the image below , my primary monitor is on the right .
If you want to switch that just click and drag one of the monitors to the other side .
6 – Set the resolution .
7 – Check “ Extend the desktop onto this monitor ” for the second monitor .
8 – Click “ OK ” .
Your desktop background should now be duplicated on your second screen and you ’ll be able to drag programs to the second screen .
How to Set Up a Second Monitor on a Mac :
1 – Connect a second monitor .
2 – Go to the Apple menu .
3 – Select “ System Preferences ” .
4 – Select “ Displays ” .
5 – Select “ Arrangement ” .
6 – Make sure that “ Mirror Displays ” is un-checked .
7 – Align your monitors properly by dragging one , or leave them as they are shown ( you can also drag them up and down to match the height relative to the actual position ) .
Showcase of Multi Screen Work Stations :
Now let ’s take a look at some multi screen work stations in a real world setting .
( For more , please see The Workstations of Popular Websites . )
Most of these are examples of very typical multi screen workstations that could by achieved relatively easily .
Hopefully this gives you some ideas that may be useful for your own office .
Photo from Aaronage .
Photo from Josh McConnell
Photo from Basajaun
Photo from Feras Hare
Photo from Gubatron
Photo from mloskot
Photo from Paris Apostolopoulos
Photo from nechbi
Ricardo Meza
Photo from Andrew
Photo from Archigeek
Photo from Travis Isaacs
Photo from JacobS
Photo from Tom Borowski
Photo from Enrique T
Photo from Fun with Fred
Photo from Rob ‘ n ’
Rae
Photo from Graphix Guru
Photo from elliottcable
Photo from XiXiDu
Multi Screen Resources :
While you do n’t necessarily need anything extra to get a multi screen set up working ( besides an extra monitor of course ) , there are a number of available resources that can be helpful in one way or another .
UltraMon ( Windows )
UltraMon helps to improve efficiency for users of multiple monitors by adding additional options for maximizing screens to the desktop and moving windows .
It also adds an additional task bar for each secondary monitor , which only shows tasks from the monitor it is on .
There are also a number of other features .
A single license costs $ 39.95 .
Matrox Graphics eXpansion Modules
DualHead2
Go and TripleHead2
Go are small devices that help you to connect two or three monitors to a laptop or desktop .
They connect to the VGA or DVI output and use your system ’s GPU to provide high - quality 2D , 3D and video across all monitors .
PowerStrip
PowerStrip provides advanced , multi-monitor , programmable hardware support to a wide range of graphics cards .
PowerStrip is try - before - you - buy shareware .
You can download it and try it for free , and pay $ 29.95 for a single - user license .
Multiplicity
Multiplicity lets you control multiple computers with a single mouse and keyboard .
You can easily move files from one computer to another , or even copy and paste .
The cost of a license starts at $ 29.95 .
Synergy
Synergy lets you easily share a single mouse and keyboard between multiple computers with different operating systems , each with its own display , without special hardware .
It ’s intended for users with multiple computers on their desk since each system uses its own monitor (s ) .
It is open source and available as a free download .
Hack Attack : Control Multiple Computers with a Single Keyboard and Mouse
An article from Lifehacker about using Synergy .
Teleport ( Mac )
Teleport lets you control several Macs with a single keyboard and mouse .
It works basically the same as a typical dual screen set up , except that it uses two ( or more ) computers instead of one .
Multi-Monitor FAQ
If you have questions about the topic , or if you ’re having trouble getting set up , this FAQ can prove to be a helpful resource .
For Further Reading and Research :
Written exclusively for WDD by Steven Snell , a web designer and freelance blogger .
You can find more of his writing at the Vandelay Design blog and DesignM.ag .
Do you use multiple screens in your work ?
What are the major advantages for you ?
Please share with us in the comments ’ area below …
My friend Jeffy picked up this pack of stickers at a Macworld past .
Do Mac users have a sense of humor ?
Should they be printed up as stickers for MacBooks ?
Let me follow up on my earlier post which asked just who that “ suspected Israeli agent ” was who Rep. Jane Harman ( D - CA ) was talking to .
Some quick TPM staff research shows that the original Time article on this story from 2006 identified Harman ’s interlocutor as Haim Saban .
( See my correction at the bottom of this post .
It ’s less clear than I originally thought that we know Saban was the person on the other end of the phone call .
Time notes that Saban did lobby Pelosi on Harman ’s behalf and seems to suggest this as a possible part of the quid pro quo .
But a closer look leaves the identity of Harman ’s interlocutor an open question . )
Saban is a major entertainment industry mogul , who ’s a big contributor to the Democratic party and a major supporter of Israel .
If you ’re interested in some fun trivia , I think a big chunk of his fortune comes from creating the Mighty Morphin ’ Power Rangers .
In any case , Saban was born in Alexandria , Egypt , was I believe raised in Israel and then became a naturalized US citizen .
The key here is that the premise of the investigation into AIPAC was precisely whether people around AIPAC were not just big boosters of Israel but in some sense acting as agents of a foreign power — obviously , an extremely explosive question .
So the intel sources appear to be referring to him as a “ suspected Israeli agent . ”
There are obviously a lot of facts we do n’t know here .
But if Saban is the interlocutor , it seems to me that any legal case against Harman would likely be very shaky since the claim that Saban was an agent of a foreign power would quite likely be legally unsustainable .
Late Update : Ron Kampeas has more on this at the JTA blog .
Lord Ashdown discussed forming a coalition with Labour in the past Senior Labour MPs have discussed defecting to the Liberal Democrats if the party loses the election , Lord Ashdown has said .
In a Daily Telegraph interview , the former Lib Dem leader indicated some in Labour were concerned about a lurch to the left in the event of a poll defeat .
The current leader of the Lib Dems , Nick Clegg , has said he was not involved in any secret discussions .
Labour sources say talk of defections rather than discontent is overblown .
BBC political correspondent Iain Watson said it is known that some prominent Labour MPs are unhappy with the direction the party is taking .
It comes amid mounting criticism of the prime minister 's performance on issues such as Gurkha settlement rights and MPs ' expenses , with opposition parties claiming his authority has been fatally undermined .
' No deals '
When Lord Ashdown was leader of the Liberal Democrats he discussed forming a coalition with Labour under Tony Blair but the plans were never put into practice .
If you have been a minister and had a reasonably high - octane job and then you find yourself out of government then you might look around and think the caravan has moved on
Former minister Chris Mullin
Labour MP rejects ' exodus ' talk Now he has told the Daily Telegraph that the conditions could be in place for defections to the Lib Dems after the next election .
However , Lord Ashdown has kept the identities of his Labour confidants secret .
A spokeswoman for Mr Clegg told the BBC he was not involved in any secret discussions or secret deals with politicians from other parties .
But she said he was happy to work openly with MPs from all parties on issues of " moral importance " such as improving the rights of the Gurkhas .
This week MPs voted by 267 to 246 in favour of a Lib Dem motion offering all Gurkhas equal right of residence , with the Tories and 27 Labour rebels backing it .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" It was a pre-used game , but that should not make a difference , " he said .
" My wife is beside herself over this because she keeps thinking about what could have happened and so do I . "
The promise of a four hour workweek magically righting all wrongs in your life , is a lie .
Not only is it highly implausible , but if you ever do achieve a four hour work week , you ’ll probably want to get rid of it .
Why is the Four Hour Workweek ( 4HWW for short ) a lie ?
Well , there ’s two reasons .
Number one , it ’s come to the attention of quite a few people that Tim Ferriss really defines “ work ” as something you do n’t want to do .
Mandatory , unpleasant , tedious , repetitive tasks that you ’d rather defer or delegate to someone else .
This is quite a narrow definition of work .
I would be more inclined to say Tim ’s definition of work is more synonymous with a chore .
So that ’s the first reason .
The second reason is this …
The definition most people have of work is totally disempowering .
It ’s more in line with slavery , toiling and punishment .
Work is seen as something you have to do to pay your dues .
How many times did you hear your mom or dad say as a kid “ I worked hard to buy / make / microwave this food and you better eat it ! ”
We ’re brought up with our parents making us think that work is some kind of grueling sacrifice they ’ve done to “ give us a better life . ”
( The intended message may have been to instill respect for hard work , but usually the outcome is feeling guilty for being born . )
Since work is seen as such a must — something we must do to pay the bills and to survive — we do n’t realize that it ’s not required that we see work as something other than a chore .
Just because we ’re born with a bad definition of something does n’t mean we have to keep it .
Work is more than just a chore , at least to me .
Work is sacred .
Work is giving yourself .
It ’s creative self - expression .
It ’s opening your heart and providing value to others .
It ’s exchanging a part of yourself with someone else .
It ’s a possibility for you to make a difference in the world .
Seeing work as just something to do to get by is like slapping yourself in the face .
Here ’s why I just ca n’t slap myself anymore :
I do n’t want to spend one third of my life living out of a sense of drudgery .
I do n’t want to rent out my body and mind for five of seven days of the week .
I do n’t want to spend every day counting down the minutes to lunch , then counting again to five o’clock .
But much , much , much more than that , I do n’t want to confine myself to choosing work that is n’t meaningful and does n’t matter to me .
And that ’s really the biggest problem with seeing work as menial labor .
By defining work as such , you incarcerate yourself in a narrow field of possibilities of what work could be .
Yes , work can be tedious .
Doing your taxes , filing receipts , stapling , responding to email , and doing repetitive tasks can be pretty damn boring .
There ’s no way to trick yourself into believing otherwise .
( Non-resistance to the tedium , however , can make it a lot less painful . )
But despite the tedium , work can be much more than that .
The work you do can be the gift of what you leave behind on this earth when you ’re gone .
It can be the difference you make in other peoples lives .
Something different .
When you expand your definition of what work is to a mutually beneficial exchange of value , it becomes more of a blessing and an opportunity .
This is the way I ’ve started to think about work ; I ask myself , “ With the work you do today , how can you create the biggest positive impact in other people ’s lives , while fulfilling your own dreams at the same time ? ”
And if I have work to do that is truly boring ( like figuring out how much taxes I owe ) I ask myself , “ I know this work is n’t what I ’d absolutely love to do , but since it must be done , by not resisting it , can I make it less painful ? ”
I also have to be careful to distinguish between work that must be done ( like taxes ) and things that seem required , but really are n’t .
For example , it might be a good idea for me to spend some time every day networking , but if it does n’t feel authentic , it would be a waste of time .
If I really felt like creating , rather than connecting , I should honor that feeling .
When I express myself authentically , I naturally have a greater impact then when I force myself to do something because I think it would be a good idea .
When you start to see work as play , as giving yourself to the world , as being an agent of change , you completely shatter the perception of work as a burden .
Because that ’s where all this seeking to escape from work comes from ( which is really what the 4HWW is about ) .
Whether it be counting down the days to your yearly two week vacation , setting up a four hour workweek or creating passive income ; whether it be the desire to retire early , win the lottery or strike it rich , it ’s all in the effort to escape from the obligation of spending your life in a state of endless resistance to doing chores .
It ’s like we ’re six years old again , fighting with mom about cleaning up all the stuff we ’ve crammed under our bed .
Not much has changed , huh ?
But when work becomes something reverent to you , you no longer to seek escape from it .
Besides , imagine if you really did find that elusive escape .
Would it really solve all your problems ?
Sure , you ’d have a lot of free time , but is that really what you ’re looking for ?
Just free time ?
I think it ’s something more than that .
I think it ’s the lack of purpose , the lack of depth in our work that leads us to chase ideas like a four hour workweek and autopilot income .
Guess what ?
No amount of freedom of time will quench your desire to make a difference , to live with purpose .
As Rolf Potts represents in his awesome book , Vagabonding , you can only live so long sipping martinis on a beach .
Sooner or later , you ’ll be bored .
You ’ll want to actually do something that matters .
Despite all the head - drilling society does to make you think work equates slavery , there are many possibilities for work to be a joy .
( Note : I did learn a lot from The Four Hour Workweek .
I think Tim has some great ideas , like mini retirements , following a low information diet , etc .
I also think he did an awesome job pointing out the stupidity of “ work for work ’s sake . ”
However , I do think the central idea of the achievement of a four hour workweek solving all of your problems is misleading .
Tim defines work as something you really despise , and I just think that ’s confusing things more , rather than bringing clarity to the situation .
I guess it ’s all about semantics , though , right ?
As Clinton said during the Monica Lewinski case , “ Please define sexual relations . ” )
Save
Save
Sharing is caring !
In an earlier article , I pointed out that in the middle games , you cannot possibly visualize all the positions that can emanate from your next 4 - 5 moves without having a computer - like memory .
Most likely , you will decide on the next move based on your reading of the overall position .
But in the endgame , with few pieces standing on the board , it is possible to make a deeper analysis and this often makes the difference between a win and a draw or loss .
But it is easier said than done , as even experienced players sometimes fail to see the right moves available as it is , or fail to identify a bad move from the opponent that could be exploited .
The following two examples will make the point clear and establish the importance of studying endgame tactics .
You should also see the 4 endgame tactics given before as some of those themes occur in the following examples also .
In the position shown , Black seems to have the advantage because of an extra pawn plus the poor pawn structure of White due to doubled pawns .
In this position , Black played h5 which was a bad move as it deprives black king of one of the two escape squares at h3 and h5 .
But White could not utilize this opportunity and ended up a loser .
How could White turn the table after Black ’s move ?
Here is the possible sequence :
1. … h5 2 . Qf6 Qh3
You can see that Black cannot afford to exchange Queens on f5 or f6 square as after that , White ’s KP can not be stopped from ‘ queening ’ .
Even retreat to f4 square does not help as White ’s Queen will capture Black ’s KP , thus freeing his own KP to advance .
Advancing NP by Black to create a counterplay also fails as it allows check by White Queen along d8 - h4 diagonal forcing exchange of Queens .
In the race for ‘ queening ’ , White KP gets it one move before Black ’s QP does and White gets the chance to finish off the game before Black ’s promoted Queen can move !
3. Qf7 d4 4 . Qf8 d3
White is maneuvering to force Black to advance the pawn so that he can strike at the right moment .
5. Qb4+ g4 6 . Qe7 #
In this position , White has a Bishop and Pawn against Black ’s single Pawn .
But the Bishop has no control on white squares , so it cannot capture Black ’s pawn .
So long as black King is hovering around the pawn , White ’s King can not get near the black pawn to capture it .
White ’s pawn cannot advance past Black ’s pawn without getting captured and a King and Bishop are inadequate to deliver a mating attack .
Even if White Pawn could proceed to “ queening ” square ( a8 ) , the bishop will not be able to support it .
On the other hand , Black also cannot advance the Pawn without handing over the game to White .
It looks like an impasse , does n’t it ?
So your conclusion will be the same as that of the actual players who agreed to a draw .
But is a draw inevitable ?
You know what strategy Black has to follow .
So , to prevail upon Black , your strategy should be to push the Black King away from the 3×3 square ( a8 - c8 - a6 - c6 ) through Bishop checks .
At the same time , your White King should try to gain the opposition to prevent Black King from reentering this square .
Black in turn will try to use opposition to block White King ’s approach or to take refuge at a8 square .
So White has to follow some precise steps as follows .
[ / caption ]
2nd UPDATE : Watch the video of astronaut Suni Williams on “ The Colbert Report ” below .
There will be a COLBERT on the International Space Station .
Word has it that NASA , however , did not name Node 3 on the ISS after comedian Stephen Colbert , who won a NASA - sponsored naming contest for the next module that will be brought to the station .
According to Robert Pearlman on CollectSPACE , NASA will announce on Comedy Central ’s “ Colbert Report ” later tonight ( Tuesday ) that the module ’s name will be “ Tranquility ” – in deference to Apollo 11 ’s landing site on the Moon ( 40th anniversary and all this year ) .
But NASA did name a new treadmill after Colbert , kinda sorta .
NASA created an acronym for the treadmill as the Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill , or COLBERT .
Of course , this is n’t actually official yet .
Pearlman ’s article was published two hours before the “ Colbert Report ” aired ( even though NASA ’s press release specificially stated the name would “ not be publicly released until the program airs . ”
Hmmm … guess nothing is sacred . )
We ’ll post the video and official word when available .
You can see an image of the current treadmill on the ISS below .
UPDATE : Yes , it is true .
Node 3 is Tranquility and the treadmill is C.O.L.B.E.R.T .
The “ official ” treadmill patch is above , and the video from “ The Colbert Report ” is below .
Colbert took it well , and he ’s excited about the treadmill .
Excerpts from NASA ’s press release are below , as well .
Here ’s astronaut Suni Williams running on the current ISS treadmill .
She ran a marathon in space on this treadmill .
Here ’s info from NASA ’s official press release on the new Node 3 name :
“ The public did a fantastic job and surprised us with the quality and volume of the suggestions , ” said Bill Gerstenmaier , associate administrator for Space Operations .
“ Apollo 11 landed on the moon at the Sea of Tranquility 40 years ago this July .
We selected ‘ Tranquility ’ because it ties it to exploration and the moon and symbolizes the spirit of international cooperation embodied by the space station . ”
“ We do n’t typically name U.S. space station hardware after living people and this is no exception , ” Gerstenmaier joked .
“ However , NASA is naming its new space station treadmill the ‘ Combined Operational
Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill , ’ or COLBERT .
We have invited Stephen to Florida for the launch of COLBERT and to Houston to try out a version of the treadmill that astronauts train on . ”
The treadmill is targeted to launch to the station in August .
It will be installed in Tranquility after the node arrives at the station next year , scheduled for February 2010 .
Back in January , the IRS issued a report ( pdf ) on the income tax returns of the 400 highest - income taxpayers in the U.S.
I missed it when it came out , but I ’ve been looking through it and it provides a nice , simple demonstration of the fallaciousness of Ari Fleischer ’s argument about the tax burden .
Fleischer bemoans the fact that the top 10 % of earners in the U.S. have been paying an ever higher share of the nation ’s income taxes .
The same is true for the top 400 ( those making more than $ 110.6 million in 2006 ) :
But this is a story about the income distribution , not tax rates .
The top 400 ’s share of the nation ’s income went from 0.52 % in 1992 to 1.31 % in 2006 — an even bigger increase than its share of taxes paid .
When you chart the average tax rate paid by those in the top 400 , the picture is nearly opposite :
The most interesting information in both charts may actually be contained in the kinks .
In the first , all the flat spots and downward legs coincide with bad years for financial markets .
Thus , what Fleischer would call the tax “ burden ” borne by the 400 top earners appears to be determined almost entirely by what the market does .
Sure enough , in 2006 , 64 % of the adjusted gross earnings of the top 400 came from capital gains .
So the current financial disaster must be great news in Fleischerworld , in that it will reduce the tax burden on the highest earners .
Yay !
When you look at average tax rates , the big downward swings seem to correlate both with good times in the market and reductions in the capital gains tax rate — which dropped from 28 % to 20 % in 1997 , and from 20 % to 15 % in 2003 .
The differential between capital gains tax rates and the tax rate on regular income also explains why those making more than $ 110.6 million a year pay taxes at a lower rate than those making $ 300,000 or $ 400,000 a year — because the really rich get a much higher percentage of their income from capital gains than the HENRYs do .
( Editor ’s Note :
This article has been modified to diminish the use of the word midget , out of respect for the complaints made to us by # 6 on our list , Danny Woodburn )
The criteria for this list was fairly simple , to be listed you just needed to be currently living , and have an adult height of less than 4 ’ 10 ” ( the accepted criteria for Dwarfism ) .
Much of the text in this article is thanks to Wikipedia .
We do n’t exactly have the resources to scout little people , so we had to rely on other sources for the details .
10 . Bridget “ The Midget ” Powers
Bridget Powers is the pseudonym of an American erotic film actress with dwarfism .
She is often credited as “ Bridget the Midget ” or with the alternate spelling “ Bridget Powerz ” .
Her real name is Cheryl Marie Murphy and she is 3 ′ 9 ″ .
By her own count , she appeared in 65 to 70 original adult films , with compilations bringing that up to over 110 .
In addition to her erotic film roles , she has appeared in mainstream films such as 8 mm , S.W.A.T. , Confessions of a Dangerous Mind , and independent films such as “ Almost Amateur ” , Tiptoes , and “ Lynsey does Jody 2 – Extreme Edition ” .
In 2006 , she appeared on an episode of VH1 ’s celebrity reality show , The Surreal Life .
Its All About Bridget “ the Midget ” – TV Pilot Teaser :
9. Jason “ Wee - Man ” Acuña
Jason Bryant Acuña , better known as “ Wee - Man ” , is an American TV host and actor .
He is one of the stars of Jackass on MTV and the host of NESN ’s skateboarding show 54321 .
Acuña has achondroplasia , a form of dwarfism and is 4 ft 0.5 in tall .
He is also a professional skateboarder .
In 2007 , Acuña starred in the reality TV series Armed and Famous and in July 2007 , Acuña appeared on TV as a host of MTV’s Scarred Live .
Acuña appeared on the first season of NBC ’s Celebrity Circus .
Jackass – Wee Man skating as an Oompa Loompa :
8. Deep Roy
Gurdeep Roy sometimes credited as Roy Deep , Gordeep Roy , or just Deep Roy , is an actor , stuntman and puppeteer .
Roy is a 4 ft 4 in tall dwarf .
He has played apes in two movies : Greystoke – The Legend of Tarzan , Lord of the Apes and again in the 2001 remake of Planet of the Apes .
His most notable role is playing the Oompa - Loompas in Tim Burton ’s 2005 adaptation of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory .
Deep had extensive training for the role in dance , yoga , and even some minor instrument playing .
He is noted for his frequent collaborations with Tim Burton , appearing in Planet of the Apes , Big Fish , Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Corpse Bride .
He is also in The Chornicals of Narnia , The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe ’ .
August Gloop Oompa Loompa Song :
7. Matt Roloff
Matthew “ Matt ” Roloff is a 47 - year - old husband , father , and star of Little People , Big World .
Little People , Big World is a reality television series produced in the United States that airs on TLC .
The series follows the six - member Roloff family living near Portland , Oregon .
Many of the show episodes focus on the parents , Matt and Amy , and one of their sons , Zach , who all have dwarfism .
Matt ’s type of dwarfism , diastrophic dysplasia , resulted in numerous childhood surgeries .
He walks with the aid of crutches and uses a motorized cart when needed .
Visit the Roloff Farm :
6. Danny Woodburn
Danny Woodburn is an American film , television and stage actor best known for having played Mickey Abbott on the hit sitcom Seinfeld .
Born in Philadelphia , with more than 100 TV appearances , Danny has had recurring roles on shows such as Tracey Takes On , Conan the Adventurer , on which he played the role of Otli , a sidekick of Conan ’s , as they fight the evil Hissah Zul , Baywatch , Special Unit 2 , Charmed , Bones , and the hit DirecTV soap opera Passions .
He has also appeared in the films Jingle All the Way , Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her , The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas and Death to Smoochy .
The Seinfeld folks are fairly protective of video on Youtube , but this will do :
5. Kenny Baker
Kenneth “ Kenny ” Baker is a British dwarf actor and occasional musician , known as the man inside R2 - D2 in the popular Star Wars film series .
Baker , who stands 3 ft 8 in tall , was a circus and cabaret performer with entertainer Jack Purvis when George Lucas hired him to be the man inside R2 - D2 in Star Wars in 1977 .
Baker appears in all six of the episodic theatrical Star Wars films .
Baker ’s other films include The Elephant Man , Time Bandits ( also with Purvis ) , Amadeus and Jim Henson ’s Labyrinth .
Toad interviews Kenny Baker :
4. Peter Dinklage
Peter Dinklage is A 4 ’5 ″ American actor , born with achondroplasia , causing dwarfism .
His breakout role is generally deemed to be the 2003 film The Station Agent .
Although it was a small independent film , it was widely praised by critics and Dinklage ’s performance gained some note .
In Elf , Dinklage played a pretentious children ’s author who beats up Will Ferrell ’s character after he is unintentionally insulted .
He has made television appearances on Threshold , The Baxter , Find Me Guilty , Nip / Tuck , Entourage , and 30 Rock .
Dinklage was chosen by director Andrew Adamson for the role of Trumpkin in the 2008 film The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian , and he is considered the perfect choice to play the evil Dr. Psycho in a possible Wonder Woman film .
Elf the Movie : The Angry Elf :
3. Tony Cox
Joseph Anthony “ Tony ” Cox is an American dwarf actor known for his comedic performances in Bad Santa , Me , Myself and Irene , Date Movie and Disaster Movie .
He is also known for his work in George Lucas ’s “ Willow ” and as an Ewok in Star Wars Episode VI : Return of the Jedi .
He is perhaps , best known for his roles in Date Movie where he played “ Dr. Hitch ” and in Bad Santa where he played Marcus , the brains of a safe cracking team .
Bad Santa – Drunk at work ( NSFW ) :
2. Verne Troyer
Verne J. Troyer is an American actor and stunt performer .
Verne is notable for his height of 2 ft 8 in , the result of dwarfism making him one of the shortest men in the world .
Troyer is best known for his role as “ Mini - Me ” in the hit comedy Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me ( 1999 ) and Austin Powers in Goldmember ( 2002 ) .
He has also had roles in Harry Potter and the Philosopher ’s Stone , Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus , and “ The Love Guru ” .
In 2005 , Troyer appeared in the fourth season of The Surreal Life .
Memorable moments included Troyer getting drunk on the first day of the show , riding his mobility scooter in the nude and urinating on the floor in the corner of the room .
Dr. Evil and Mini Me – Just the two of us :
Dr. Evil and Mini Me – Hard Knock Life :
1. Warwick Davis
Warwick Ashley Davis is a British actor .
He is noted for his dwarfism , standing at 3 ft 6 in tall .
Davis is probably best known as the title characters in Willow and the Leprechaun series of films ; other prominent roles include Wicket W. Warrick in Star Wars Episode VI : Return of the Jedi , Professor Filius Flitwick in the Harry Potter movies , Marvin the Paranoid Android in The Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy , and Reepicheep in the BBC television versions of Prince Caspian , Voyage of the Dawn Treader and as Mr Glimfeather the owl in The Silver Chair .
He is also featured in another Narnia - related film production : the 2008 film adaptation of The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian , as the dwarf Nikabrik and Oberon in the biopic Ray .
Willow Trailer :
Is your business still cash - only ?
Did you know that accepting credit card payments can turn your business around ?
How many people have you had to turn away at the counter because they did n’t have cash on them ?
Even if you have an ATM on site for that one - time purchase , they probably wo n’t return again .
Instead of having a new , reliable customer , you have a customer that wo n’t come back because they never have cash on them .
There are plenty of benefits to accepting credit cards in your business .
Read on to find out what they are .
It ’s Simple .
People Use Credit Cards .
“ Hey , Joe .
Do you have a couple of bucks on you ? ”
“ No , I do n’t have cash , just cards . ”
Conversations like that happen countless times a day .
The fact is that people are carrying credit cards more than cash .
About 41 % of people carry cash around with them on a regular basis .
If you look deeper at those numbers , you ’ll find that Millennials do n’t carry cash with them at all .
They view cash as inconvenient .
What that means for you and your business is that if you target a younger audience , they ’ll expect to be able to pay with their card .
You ’ll lose a customer at checkout or they wo n’t bother to order when they find out it ’s a cash - only establishment .
For most people , cash only presents a challenge .
If you want to eat at a restaurant that ’s cash only , you have to find an ATM .
You ’re likely to pay additional fees for the privilege of having cash .
Target for Criminal Activity
Accepting cash only payments can make your business susceptible to theft .
Employees are your number one reason why your business loses money .
It ’s very easy for employees to skim a little cash here and there you do n’t think twice about it .
Another reason why a cash - only business is a target is from outside sources .
A thief can see that your business is cash only , and they ’ll assume they can go in , make a lot of threats , and walk out with a lot of cash .
Cash is More Expensive
This past holiday season , some retailers refused to accept cash payments .
One reason why was because of employee theft , as noted above .
What retailers realized was that handling cash was more expensive than running credit card payments .
That includes paying a small percentage of the sale in fees .
When you think about it , you or your staff have to count bills , make bank runs , make sure registers have change .
Instead of paying 3 - 5 % of sales in credit card fees , you ’re paying 9.1 % to handle cash .
Improve the Customer Experience
There are many forms of technology that can help your retail business improve the customer experience .
You can improve your customer experience by accepting credit card payments .
If you have a brick and mortar location with an online store , your customers are already used to paying with a credit card online .
They would just assume that you can pay with cash at the retail location , too .
Not only that , when customers are at your register , you want the checkout experience to be as seamless as possible .
Customers want speed and are looking to payment options like Google Pay and Apple Pay to complete the transaction .
When customers want speed in the checkout line , they do n’t want to wait around for someone to come to the register with a roll of quarters to complete the payment .
They also do n’t want to wait around for your clerks to count and recount cash .
Getting Paid from Clients Is a Chore
Let ’s say that you ’re a freelancer or consultant .
You probably get paid in checks and sometimes through purchase orders .
That can turn into a lot of chasing .
The last thing you want to do with your time is to chase money .
What you want to do with your time is to work with your clients without having sticky conversations about money .
all about convenience for your clients .
They ’re busy , too .
They only work on the books and write checks a couple of times a month .
They ’re likely to forget to send payment .
Not out of wanting to pay you .
Paying you is n’t the priority unless you make it one .
Accepting credit card payments takes the guesswork out of when you ’ll get paid .
With a credit card payment system , you can set up automatic invoicing , and automatic payments for recurring customers .
That can turn into better cash flow management for your business .
For solopreneurs , it can mean the difference between knowing the bills are paid on time and hoping that one payment comes through .
How to Accept Credit Cards
Do you know the level of opportunity that accepting credit cards present ?
To take advantage of that opportunity , you ’ll have to sign up for a credit card merchant account .
Take a look at this article to learn about the different payment systems and find out the best ways to get your payment system set up .
Accepting Credit Card Payments
Is Good Business
Cash businesses are reluctant to change over to credit card payments because they want to avoid the fees .
On the surface , that makes sense .
Who wants to pay a small percentage to Visa and Mastercard when they ’re billion - dollar companies ?
What you do n’t realize is that you ’re not hurting the big conglomerates by being cash only .
You ’re hurting your own bottom line .
Accepting credit card payments opens the door to new customers , less criminal activity , and a smoother payment process .
Customers are happy and so are your employees .
For more tips that are sure to help your business grow , check out these business articles .
An Edmonton , Canada cop who was charged after he was found passed out in his running car after drinking with colleagues at the west - end station was granted a discharge Friday .
Constable Brian Toner , an admitted alcoholic binge drinker will not end up with a criminal record if he completes 18 months probation with conditions including rehab and staying away from alcohol .
The judge said that there was no conflict of interest because Toner ’s actions were “ not egregious . ” since the Constable – a 27 - year veteran – was found parked on the side of the road 1 1/2 blocks from the police station .
On the night of his arrest , Toner and his co-workers were drinking in the lunch room at the west end Edmonton Police station when Staff Sgt. Kenneth Ogilvie noticed he was extremely impaired and ordered someone to drive him home .
Shortly afterward , Toner disappeared and was found by another officer later passed out in his car not far from the station .
The officer who discovered Toner was bringing him home when Staff Sgt. Ogilvie told him to bring Toner back to the station to be charged with impaired driving .
No info was available as to whether or not anyone was reprimanded for drunken partying at the police station .
( CNN ) -- Congressional auditors have uncovered widespread abuse of techniques used to restrain or discipline special - education students in U.S. schools , with some deaths linked to the practices , a top congressman says .
Investigators in Utah say a teacher left Garrett Peck in an isolation cubicle for at least two and a half hours .
The findings are among those expected from a Government Accountability Office report scheduled to be released Tuesday .
The report documented serious problems with the way children with disabilities are being treated in public schools , including cases of children being held face - down on the ground .
The GAO report was prepared for the House Education and Labor Committee , which is considering new laws governing what actions teachers can take to rein in disruptive special - needs students .
" I think what we 're going to hear from the GAO is that very often , special - need children are subjected to the policies of seclusion and policies of restraint that have turned out to be lethal in a number of circumstances , " said Rep. George Miller , D - California , the committee 's chairman .
In other cases , children as young as 6 have been locked away " for hours at a time , " Miller said .
" What the GAO is telling us is that that policy is fairly widespread , " he said .
" The state regulations about how to handle these incidents do n't exist in about half the states , and in other states you have kind of a patchwork of regulations . "
The GAO , the investigative arm of Congress , found that state laws governing the treatment of the more than 6 million children classified as having " special needs " -- conditions including autism and Down syndrome -- are patchy at best .
Teachers and school staff frequently lack training in correct restraint methods , and in some cases , where improper restraints led to injuries , teachers often kept their jobs .
Only five states keep track of incidents where special - needs students are separated or restrained .
Parents contacted by CNN commonly said they were not told their child was being disciplined until he or she began to behave badly at home -- a sign of trouble at school .
When confronted with complaints , school systems sometimes sought to minimize or deny the allegations , even after public investigations found the charges to be true .
And parents told CNN that when they got into a dispute with the teacher , their child was made to suffer as retribution .
Some of the most disturbing reports concerned the use of seclusion rooms .
Experts have long recommended that children should only be isolated when they pose an immediate threat to themselves or others .
But CNN found that isolation was often used as a punishment by teachers to compel the students to follow instructions .
State investigators in Utah found a teacher left 7 - year - old Garrett Peck in an isolation cubicle for at least two and a half hours after the teacher said he told her to " shut up . "
While the boy was in the cubicle , the teacher taunted him by playing his favorite video and telling him what he was missing .
His parents , Joshua and Becca Peck , said the child has an attention span of about 10 minutes , and they believe that after the first few minutes , he had no idea why he was in the cubicle .
" It was so sad .
We felt it was a form of torture for him but he , being autistic , he had no way to express it , " Joshua Peck said .
" He could n't tell . "
And Becca
Peck said her son had been left in the cubicle with nothing but a magic marker -- which he used to scrawl all over himself .
When she came to school to pick him up , " He was covered in marker -- on his eyelids , on his hair , face , clothes , arms , eyelids -- everywhere . "
" I started thinking , ' What was he thinking ? '
Was he thinking , ' Why is my mom letting this person do this to me ?
Why am I here ?
I trust no one now . ' "
In Garrett 's case , like others cited by the GAO , the teacher remains on the job .
And what frustrates experts is that efforts to force unruly children to comply do n't actually work .
At one school in Pennsylvania , however , teachers appear to have better results using sharply different methods .
The Centennial School at Lehigh University serves severely emotionally disturbed children that have been passed from school to school , and even from juvenile justice centers .
When school director Michael George came to Centennial in 1999 , the school had documented more than 1,000 cases of restraint and seclusion that year .
After the school revamped its approach , no such incidents were reported .
When they get to Centennial , students can be violent and aggressive .
But instead of trying to force a change in behavior , the school teaches the children new skills to get what they need .
Children who might be violent because they are desperate to escape an uncomfortable task or environment learn to communicate their discomfort in nonviolent ways .
Children who need to move frequently -- a common trait with conditions such as autism -- are permitted to do so , then re-directed to the task at hand .
Staff are forbidden from saying anything negative about the children , parents or other teachers , even among themselves .
And when a child acts violently , the staff is trained to step aside , rather than immediately attempt a potentially dangerous restraint .
On a recent visit to the school , all students appeared to be calm and receptive to teachers .
The school 's philosophy can be summed up in a question George likes to ask teachers interviewing for jobs there :
Which teacher you remember most from your own childhood ?
" No one ever mentions the person who yelled at them , who screamed at them , who told them to write a phrase a hundred times , who slammed them into closets , who was abrupt , who made them feel stupid .
No one ever mentions those people , " said George .
" Our job is to teach .
Sometimes the children we are teaching here present extraordinary challenges ; it can be very , very difficult .
But that 's the job we chose to do . "
All About U.S. Government Accountability Office • Autism • Down Syndrome • Disabilities
Posted on 16 February 2009 by Quaid
Hi , everyone .
Quaid here , with a first look at a new TV spot for X - Men Origins : Wolverine .
I loved the second X - Men movie and thought the first was quite enjoyable .
Brett Ratner , however , had to come along and screw everything up with the atrociously over - loaded and soulless X - Men 3 .
So I ’m glad he is gone and they are moving a different direction , but this spot is n’t spectacular .
We see a LOT of kid- wolverine , and that is a little surprising to me .
Also , the drama in this spot looks a little over - the - top … ” He was n’t your father … SON ! ” ( cue dramatic music ) .
Still , I love the wolverine character and think Jackman is great , so I ’m pulling for this one .
Be on the look out for two more spots in the next couple of days .
Give us your thoughts on the trailer below .
Technology.am ( Apr.20 , 2009 ) — Google , which already devoted a lot of resources to block e-mail and Web spam , has tried a new test to keep the bots at bay .
Google authors have described the image - orientation technique .
This task requires analysis of the often complex contents of an image , a task which humans usually perform well and machines generally do not .
A large repository of images are given from a web search result , we use suitable automated orientation detectors to prune those images that can be automatically set upright easily .
We then use a social feedback mechanism to assert that the remaining images have a human - recognizable upright orientation .
The test is the latest variation on a screening technique called a Captcha ( completely automated public Turing test to tell computers and humans apart ) .
The idea is that people can often tell which way is up in a photo , but computers have a harder time .
The main advantages of the Captcha technique over the traditional text recognition techniques are that it is language - independent , does not require text - entry , and employs another domain for Captcha generation beyond character obfuscation .
This Captcha lends itself to rapid implementation and has an almost limitless supply of images .
Anytime I run a “ gun story ” I get a lot of comment from both hugely polarized Americans , who want to rant for or against guns , and foreign readers , who do n’t understand the American “ obsession ” with arms .
I ’m going to take a stab at helping foreign readers understand it a bit better .
So first , the “ gun story ” that prompted this essay , from True ’s 15 February 2009 issue :
Ready , Fire , Aim Betsy Ramsdale , a teacher at Beaver Dam ( Wisc. ) Middle School , had a photo of herself on her personal Facebook page , showing her with a gun .
When school officials found out about it , they immediately suspended her .
The photo “ appears to be poor judgment , ” district superintendent Donald Childs told a local TV station , who said the photo was brought to the district ’s attention by another employee .
Ramsdale immediately removed the photo when she heard the district was concerned .
In follow - up interviews , Childs said he thought there was “ nothing negative or hostile ” in Ramsdale ’s motivation , and that she was “ a good and capable teacher . ”
The teachers union refused to comment , but the Wisconsin ACLU is defending Ramsdale .
“ Absent any evidence that the teacher poses a threat , the district should not overreact to the sight of a gun in one of their employee ’s hands , ” said an ACLU spokesman .
“ While school safety is of paramount importance , public school teachers do not lose their right to free expression when they are not working . ”
After the uproar , the school quietly allowed Ramsdale to return to work .
( WKOW Madison , Beaver Dam Daily Citizen ) … Let me guess : she teaches American History and the Bill of Rights ?
American History
OK , so for ( especially ) foreign readers , my try at explaining why guns are a part of the American Way .
I ’m necessarily going to move fast , so do n’t skip anything .
Americans grow up learning about how our forefathers were denied religious freedom in their native lands , so in the early 1600s they came to the New World so they could practice religion the way they saw fit .
Then there ’s a lot of gray area that ’s skimmed over , and in the mid-1700s there ’s the American Revolution : the Declaration of Independence ( and I ’ll bet half of our high school grads would n’t be able to tell you from whom : the British ) , and the brilliantly formed Constitution of the new country based on individual liberty ( “ We the People ” — and never mind that by then , plenty of Americans owned slaves kidnaped from their own lands ) , which established the “ great experiment ” of democracy .
Of course , England did n’t just roll over and say “ Fine ” when we declared our independence : there was this little thing called the Revolutionary War , which lasted from 1775 to 1783 .
When that combat was over , that ’s when we created our Constitution , and that ’s the environment the founders were in : a revolutionary war battleground .
The Constitution was ratified in September 1787 , over the objection of many because it did n’t enumerate a number of rights that they thought should be explicitly called out .
Others felt that there was no need for such a listing of rights : the Declaration of Independence declared that “ We hold these truths to be self - evident , that all men are created equal , [ and ] they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights . ”
In other words , rights are not given to individuals by the government ; rather , those rights are endowed unto us all by “ their Creator ” from the start , and if we ’re of a mind to , the people might allow the government to do some things in our name .
It was a revolutionary idea indeed .
In fact , Alexander Hamilton argued , “ Here , in strictness , the people surrender nothing , and as they retain every thing , they have no need of particular reservations . ” ( Federalist Papers # 84 )
Ten Amendments
Still , the Bill of Rights — a collection of ten amendments to that still - new Constitution , was passed by the First U.S. Congress in 1789 , and sent to the states for ratification .
It took just over two years , but that was completed in 1791 .
One hears plenty about the First Amendment , the first set of rights in that Bill of Rights : “ Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances . ”
Many think of those as being THE basis of American rights : the freedom of religion , speech , the press , and the right of people to demand that the government right wrongs .
Then we get to the Second Amendment : “ A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State , the right of the people to keep and bear Arms , shall not be infringed . ”
Sidebar : Guns in Church !?
On the face of it , it seems ludicrous that anyone would want to “ carry guns in church ” — as was recently proposed for people with permits ( read : who have to pass background checks and training ) in the state of Arkansas .
But you know , sometimes nuts go into churches and start shooting people up .
That happened recently in Colorado , which has never had a restriction against guns in church for permit - holders .
In December 2007 , Matthew Murray armed himself with at least three guns and more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition .
He first went to the Youth with a Mission Center in Arvada and killed two staff members .
There was no way for them to defend themselves .
Then Murray drove 80 miles to the New Life Church in Colorado Springs .
He immediately opened fire and killed two teen - aged girls — and there were hundreds of other people there for him to kill with those 1,000 rounds .
But at this church , there was someone prepared to defend against a maniac : Jeanne Assam , 42 , had a gun permit and was legally carrying her pistol in church .
She made the decision to stop Murray before he killed anyone else .
“ There was chaos , ” Assam told a reporter .
“ I saw him coming through the doors ” and took cover .
Once it became clear he just meant to kill people , “ I came out of cover , ” Assam said , “ and engaged him and took him down . ”
Mortally wounded , Murray then shot himself .
He was not able to kill anyone else .
It was over in seconds — before police could even be called .
Imagine how many more would have died had the people in that church had to wait even just five minutes for police to arrive and deal with an armed maniac .
And There ’s the Issue
It ’s that wording that gets Americans gritching at each other .
One side points to the “ well regulated Militia ” wording to say that yes , the government can have guns for the “ militia ” ( which they take as meaning “ army ” ) , but certainly not individuals .
The other side points to the words “ the people ” — clearly and obviously , that means individuals .
The U.S. Supreme Court is charged with interpreting those words , looking at what the framers of the Constitution intended ( using , for instance , other writings of the times , like those Federalist Papers ) , looking at the realities of their times , and trying to see how it all fits into a modern world .
So Here ’s
How in the founding era the “ realities of their times ” fits in : we were freshly finished with a Revolutionary War — we fought off the British .
There was ( and there remains ) significant distrust in government in the American psyche .
Even our own government .
The consensus of Constitutional scholars is that the purpose of the Second Amendment is , in fact , to allow individuals , not just the government , to “ keep and bear arms ” for a very fundamental purpose .
Not just for self defense , but to overthrow the government if it goes too far in restricting the “ unalienable Rights ” that were “ endowed by their Creator . ”
So yes , Americans “ cling to guns ” because they represent their only guarantee of their god - given rights .
Deeply Ingrained
I doubt most anti-gun people mean to be unAmerican , despite the feeling from pro-gun people that they are .
They ’d love it if society was “ mature ” enough to not need guns — and who would n’t ?
But a lot of people believe there is evil in the world : it helps to explain why there are so many bad people — people who want to come and hurt us .
And when we see planes flying into our buildings , that ’s all the proof needed : there certainly are people who want to hurt us !
There are even bad people in church ( sidebar ) , not to mention everyday robbers and criminals .
And , of course , if the government gets too cocky , “ The People ” will fight them , too .
Sidebar : Why Wo n’t the NRA Accept ‘ Reasonable ’ Restrictions ?
In the polarized environment described in the main essay , enter the National Rifle Association .
The NRA seemingly resists any “ logical ” or “ common - sense ” restriction on guns , which ( the anti- gun people seem to think ) proves that they ’re part of those whack - job groups — white supremacists stuck in the “ good ol ’ days ” of Jim Crow .
In reply , the NRA points to the thousands of “ gun laws ” already on the books : everything that ’s needed , they say , to ensure that it ’s illegal for actual criminals to own guns .
I ’m not a member of the NRA , but let me tell you why I think they wo n’t go for such laws .
I ’m old enough to remember when people could smoke just about anywhere .
Those who did n’t like it just had to be used to it .
But when the health problems of second - hand smoke became obvious , there were some “ logical ” and “ common - sense ” laws passed to reduce the impact of smoke on non-smokers .
Like “ no smoking ” on airplane flights under two hours , since surely any smoker could wait up to two hours to smoke , which would protect the health of non-smokers cooped up with them on planes .
Sounds quite reasonable !
It passed .
After awhile , people liked that , and they started to complain about smoking on flights that were over two hours , too .
And sure enough , soon that was illegal too .
And then it was illegal to smoke in restaurants ( after all , people are eating ! ) , and then in anyplace with food , and then anyplace in public period .
And , now , there are some states with laws prohibiting smoking in cars — even your own — and in homes ( after all , there are children there ! )
Now , I happen to hate cigarette smoke , and I would just as soon not have anyone smoke near me ever .
But we were lied to when those first smoking restrictions were passed .
“ It ’s only on short airplane flights !
That ’s the majority of air travel ! ”
But it did n’t stop there .
Once the dominoes started falling , they kept going — and they still have n’t stopped .
Pro-gun folks are n’t just worried that “ logical and common - sense ” gun laws wo n’t stop there , they “ know ” it wo n’t stop there .
That makes the anti-gun people pretty nervous : they see that there are total whack - jobs out there waving guns around talking about “ rights ” — and it does n’t help that a small but vocal minority are just the sort of people who really wished they could still own slaves , that things sure were better in the good ol ’ days of segregation and minorities “ knowing their place . ”
Obviously …
Yep : there are maniacs with guns .
The anti-gun people love hearing me say it .
They ’ll hate this : there are also evil people who want to hurt others , and it has to be a fundamental human right to fight back against them .
Not just in one ’s home , but out in the real world , too , since that ’s where they ’re most likely to strike .
So what ’s my conclusion ?
There are fundamentally sound reasons that our founding fathers thought individuals needed the right to bear arms , and like it or not that ’s a fundamental right in America .
Society needs to come to grips with that fact , but yes , we also need to come down hard on those who abuse guns — as criminal tools .
Those laws are already there , and need strong enforcement .
We can do better to keep guns out of the hands of mentally unstable people and criminals , but that does n’t include taking them away from honest , law - abiding people who indeed have a right to have them to protect themselves , whether from robbers or an out - of - control government .
The real problem , by the way , is n’t guns , it ’s violence .
But I ’ve already argued that point .
And Let ’s Be Clear
I fully and readily admit that this particular essay is slanted toward the “ pro-gun ” side — that ’s the nature of the intent of this essay , which was stated at the top : “ helping foreign readers understand the American ‘ obsession ’ with arms . ”
Still , I ’m sure both sides will be dissatisfied , and accuse me of skipping over some things .
Yeah , I did : I covered 300 years of history in less than 2,500 words , including the sidebars !
But if both sides are unhappy , I ’ll be happy : it means I was pretty darned balanced .
Especially considering I started this essay just 90 minutes before my deadline . 🙂
( P.S. : I already hear others asking , regarding the story at the top : “ Really , the ACLU ?
No way ! ”
Yeah , really .
This is the second time the ACLU has appeared in True . )
- - -
This page is an example of Randy Cassingham ’s style of “ Thought - Provoking Entertainment ” .
His
This is
True is an email newsletter that uses “ weird news ” as a vehicle to explore the human condition in an entertaining way .
If that sounds good , click here to open a subscribe form .
To really support
This is True , you ’re invited to sign up for a subscription to the much - expanded “ Premium ” edition :
One Year Upgrade Regular Price $ 32.00 USD With $ 5 Extra Support Added $ 37.00 USD With $ 10 Extra Support Added $ 42.00 USD With $ 15 Extra Support Added $ 47.00 USD With $ 20 Extra Support Added $ 52.00 USD With $ 25 Extra Support Added $ 57.00 USD With $ 30 Extra Support Added $ 62.00 USD With $ 35 Extra Support Added $ 67.00 USD With $ 40 Extra Support Added $ 72.00 USD
( More upgrade options here . )
Q : Why would I want to pay more than the regular rate ?
A : To support the publication to help it thrive and stay online : this kind of support means less future need for price increases ( and smaller increases when they do happen ) , which enables more people to upgrade .
This option was requested by existing Premium subscribers .
You know what to expect from Crank 2 in its very first seconds , when the words " Fuck You Chev Chelios " flash on screen in 8 - bit videogame script .
Because Chev is your hero .
Spoilers ahead .
Advertisement
Crank : High Voltage is the sequel to Jason Statham 's frenetic sex - and - violence vehicle Crank .
The premise of the first flick is that the hyperactive , superstrong street scum Chelios ( Statham ) gets injected with an evil Chinese gang drug .
If he ever lets his adrenaline fall below psychotic levels , he 'll die .
Though he falls out of a helicopter at the end of Crank , he manages to survive into this sequel in grand videogame style .
Some Chinese gang dudes peel him off the pavement , give him open heart surgery in a massage parlor ( managing to get only a little cigarette ash into his chest cavity ) , steal his mega - heart , and fit him out with a total artificial heart powered by a laptop battery .
Of course , Chelios is awake during his open - heart surgery .
He seems pretty content to just chill on the table until the doctors let it slip that the next organ they 're going to harvest is his monstrously huge cock .
That 's when he gets up , kills everybody in sight , and sets out on his new quest :
To get his awesome heart back .
His first bit of intel comes from the lone remaining gangster after the slaughterfest .
The guy is begging for his life on his hands and knees , but he wo n't tell who has the heart .
So Chelios dunks the tip of his semi-automatic gun in oil , and jams it deep in the guy 's ass .
Advertisement
This movie is some fucked up shit , yo .
And it 's glorious .
This is the videogame - amped , YouTube - poisoned , porn - soaked , gang - controlled future that suburban America fears most .
And so it 's nothing short of cathartic to see every pop nightmare unscroll before our eyes in a lurid parody like the best dirty joke that Larry Flynt ever dreamed up .
Crank 2 is thrilling because the filmmakers have blasted away their self - censorship mechanisms and let flow the unexpurgated contents of their blackest ( and silliest ) hearts .
Chelios ' Los Angeles is pretty much the same semi-imaginary city where Grand Theft Auto takes place , a world of gangbangers and whores who exist entirely to be killed , and hopefully in a way that is memorably bloody .
Just when you think the action can't get any more fucked up , Chelios will follow the gangsters who 've got his heart into a strip club .
Where a guy is being tortured by having his elbows chopped off .
And strippers who 've been shot in the chest run through the club screaming as silicon goo streams down their stomachs and their breasts deflate .
To keep his heart battery from running down , Chelios has to keep shocking himself .
His underground heart surgeon , doing medical research while boning yet another hooker , checks in on the cell phone every once in a while to dispense heart - maintenance advice to our beleaguered hero .
Try rebooting it by clamping jumper cables to your nipples .
Try tazering your cock .
Try creating a bunch of friction by rubbing another person !
That last order ends well , with Chelios fucking his girlfriend ( the hilarious Amy Smart ) on the racetrack while a bunch of horses run over their heads , flashing their horsey cocks .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
Meanwhile , we take several gratuitous detours into sex-violence slapstick , as Chelios has to cross a picket line of striking porn stars ( yes there 's a cameo from Ron Jeremy ) , and meets up with a gay sidekick who has " full body Tourettes " ( WTF ? ) but later saves Chelios ' ass with his giant gang of butch queers .
No surprise that this movie exhibits Grand Theft Auto 's idea of multiculturalism , too : Everybody ( including the white dude ) is a racist stereotype ; everybody is a sexist stereotype ; and everybody is equal in their sleazy , homicidal abandon .
It 's Jackass Darwinism - survival of the biggest fucking asshole .
Eventually it turns out that a Chinese gang leader – played with parodic racist aplomb by David Carradine – has installed Chelios ' heart in his own chest .
So it 's a race to get the pumper out of Carradine 's chest and back into Chelios .
Things get even more science fictional as our characters head into a showdown on Catalina Island that plays like a hellish cross between the movies of Ron Jeremy and Eli Roth .
And by that I mean : OMGWTFBBQ .
Advertisement
I 've been accused before of being immoral for enjoying movies like Crank 2 – for admiring their savage honesty , their brutal parodic punch .
There is something undeniably disturbing about a story that is so plainly intended to degrade every character in it .
And yet that is its charm .
Nobody tried to excuse the sex and violence here in the service of art or politics or some kind of warning about the nasty future our terrible videogame habits will lead to .
But at the same time , Crank 2 does recognize its own self - destructive sensibility .
That 's why the movie 's refrain – repeated in many languages , by many people - is " Fuck you Chelios ! "
DETROIT / NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - General Motors Corp has failed to persuade enough bondholders to accept a debt - for - equity swap , setting the stage for the largest - ever U.S. industrial bankruptcy within days .
The General Motors headquarters is seen from an old and mostly abandoned warehouse district in Detroit , Michigan , May 14 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
The event marks a critical disappointment for GM , the largest U.S. automaker and once considered the bellwether of U.S. manufacturing .
“ I would say this is a sound rejection of an unsuitable offer , ” said Pete Hastings , a credit analyst at Morgan Keegan who has followed GM .
“ I have been saying for some time that this thing was dead on arrival and we were just waiting for the doctor to pronounce it dead .
Now that ’s happened . ”
The largest U.S. automaker had so far failed to gain anywhere near the 90 percent of bondholder support desired to stave off bankruptcy , two sources familiar with the discussions told Reuters on Tuesday .
Bondholders have until midnight to make their final decision on the tender .
As of midday Tuesday , the source said the company had only a “ low - single - digit ” percentage interest from bondholders .
But bondholders have balked at proposals that they forgive debt in exchange for a 10 percent stake in a restructured company .
GM had no comment on the bond exchange .
The automaker said it would detail results of the exchange on Wednesday morning .
Reuters sources said GM could file for bankruptcy some time after midnight Tuesday , but before June 1 .
While the failure to reach a bondholder deal is a severe blow , GM did reach an agreement on Tuesday with the leadership of the United Auto Workers ( UAW ) union .
The key for GM ’s negotiations with the UAW has been how the two sides restructured payment terms on $ 20 billion that the automaker still owes to a trust fund for retiree health care ( the Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association , or VEBA ) .
The UAW agreed to take 17.5 percent of common stock in a restructured GM , a person familiar with the terms told Reuters .
The union would also be paid $ 6.5 billion in preferred stock and would be granted a $ 2.5 billion note .
A deal on those terms would mean that the union was successful in taking on less risk than it would have under an earlier proposal from GM that would have given it 39 percent of the automaker ’s common stock .
As part of the plan , GM will offer buyouts to all UAW employees .
The UAW did not sugar - coat its view of GM ’s current condition .
“ GM today stands at the very brink of bankruptcy , ” the union said in a document distributed to GM workers that detailed the concessions it had agreed to make .
The UAW rank and file will vote on the contract on Wednesday and Thursday .
Union officials who met in Detroit on Tuesday unanimously endorsed the pact after a briefing with UAW President Ron Gettelfinger , a person at the meeting said .
Current shareholders would be left with just 1 percent of a restructured company .
“ It ’s a slap in the face , ” said James Yarbrough , a retired accountant from Plano , Texas , referring to the 10 percent equity stake offer .
Yarbrough has invested $ 158,000 in GM bonds , which he first bought in 1994 .
He regrets buying more bonds in 2008 , when he thought GM was about to make a turnaround .
A person familiar with Obama administration ’s thinking on the matter said the White House was continuing to engage with bondholders to reach agreement .
US GOV’T RAISES RISK
GM shares , which could be worthless in a bankruptcy , ended Tuesday trade up 1 cent at $ 1.44 on the New York Stock Exchange after trading between $ 1.12 and $ 1.84 on the day .
The U.S. government has provided a combined $ 36.6 billion to GM , Chrysler and their financing units since December .
Other sources said the government would provide “ adequate working capital ” to GM during bankruptcy and would want to be as inactive as possible as a shareholder .
The sources did not detail figures but the Wall Street Journal reported the Treasury plans to inject $ 50 billion in various financings to back a GM workout , most of which would take the form of company equity .
The Journal also said the government would increase its stake to 70 percent from 50 percent , to reduce GM ’s debt once it emerges from bankruptcy .
The sources said any GM bankruptcy would be more time - consuming than Chrysler ’s because of the complexity of GM ’s global network .
But the government would like to get out of an ownership stake once it was certain that taxpayers ’ interests were protected in a going concern .
The government is also providing billions to Chrysler in bankruptcy and hoping to be a short - term investor .
Chrysler is seeking approval this week to sell itself to a “ New Chrysler ” owned by the U.S. and Canadian governments , Chrysler ’s union and Italian carmaker Fiat SpA .
A hearing on the sale will take place on Wednesday .
On Tuesday , a U.S. federal judge denied a request by a group of Indiana pension funds to delay the company ’s sale hearing and remove the bankruptcy case to district court .
Chrysler ’s bankruptcy and the looming insolvency of GM has further rattled the industry ’s supplier base .
U.S. auto suppliers will be in dire need of up to $ 8 billion in emergency government aid over the next few months particularly if GM enters bankruptcy , Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm said in Detroit .
BIDDING FOR OPEL
While much attention is on Washington and Detroit , talks continue in Europe over the possible sale of GM ’s Opel unit .
On Tuesday , Germany pressed three bidders for Opel to improve their offers for the carmaker , saying they needed to assume greater risks and make credible commitments to preserve jobs and sites .
Economy Minister Karl - Theodor zu Guttenberg told reporters after meeting Fiat Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne in Berlin that the Italian carmaker ’s offer looked serious but that rival bidders Magna and RHJ International remained in contention .
“ There ’s no favorite , ” he said .
“ Everyone knows that improvements are still necessary . ”
In an unexpected twist , China ’s Beijing Automotive Industry Corp ( BAIC ) also submitted an offer , potentially turning the three - way race into a four - way battle .
that would also include U.S. carmaker Chrysler .
Enter OTP
OTP has been sent to your mobile number and is valid for one hour
One in 10 restaurants and food businesses have failed food safety inspections by NSW councils in the past six months , while well over half of all premises inspected were found to have breached at least one food safety regulation .
The first report by the NSW Food Authority drawing together data from all 152 local councils shows that , between July and December last year , only 9712 out of 23,326 businesses inspected were given a clean bill of health .
More than 700 fines were issued and 31 prosecutions recorded for the same period .
The Minister for Primary Industries , Ian Macdonald , said the data showed there was clearly a knowledge gap in food safety practices among the state 's food businesses .
" This is not good enough - more work needs to be done by food premises to make sure they comply with critical food handling practices , " Mr Macdonald said .
" Food safety must be the No.1 priority of all food businesses and consumers should not have to take a risk when dining out . "
Hygiene and poor food handling practices were the most complained about issues , followed by food quality , including deterioration .
Unexpected and unwelcome guests also featured , with more than one out of every 10 complaints relating to foreign matter being found in food .
Mr MacDonald said the Government was working with the food industry to introduce a mandatory food handler training program , which was expected to be up and running by next year .
About 700,000 Americans were sacked in March .
In the past month three men who recently lost their jobs went on gun rampages , killing a total of 26 people .
What to do with such grim news ?
Turn it into a reality TV show , of course .
Bright sparks at Endemol USA , the American branch of the brand that brought you Big Brother , have come up with a new idea : to wallow in the misery of America 's threatened workers .
Each week , the show , Someone 's Gotta Go , sets itself up in a small business where times are hard and redundancies have to be made .
The employees - usually 15 to 20 of them - will be allowed to see the firm 's books , and will be told how much each of them earns .
Then they will reveal what they think of each other .
They will be fighting for their livelihoods , for at the climax of the episode the employees will vote to decide which of them is added to the pile of unemployed .
And you thought Alan Sugar 's " You 're fired ! " was brutal .
Not since a Dutch TV company had the stroke of genius two years ago of conceiving a reality show in which a terminally ill woman got to choose which contestant received one of her kidneys after her death has anyone come up with something quite so edgy .
More than 5 million Americans have been let go since the recession started in December 2007 , and the unemployment rate now stands at 8.5 % .
" We 're always trying to find the next thing that is topical and timely in the zeitgeist , " Endemol 's North American director , David Goldberg , told Variety .
He went on to suggest the TV show would be doing hard - pressed employers a favour : " For a lot of people , it takes the pressure off them .
As a boss myself , I do n't want to have to make those decisions .
It 's safe to say it has n't been difficult to find companies willing to participate . "
I received this anonymous email a few days ago :
I found what one could call a security hole in Stackoverflow .
I 'm curious enough to go digging around for holes , but too ethical to actually do anything with them .
However , I 'm afraid that by pointing it out I 'll get banned , because a good member does n't poke around like I just did .
I promise I did nothing with what I found out besides confirm the hole .
You may be wondering why I 'm e-mailing you personally , rather than team@stackoverflow.com .
It 'll make sense when I reveal the hole , which is ... I logged in as you .
How ?
Well , there were two pieces of the puzzle , the password and the openid provider .
I had a possible password ; today your blog post revealed the openid provider .
I logged in , freaked out that it actually worked , then logged out .
The only reason I had the password is because your password is totally inadequate for someone running a site like StackOverflow .
I do n't want to go into any more detail than that , but man - dictionary password !
I 've read about the secret " hacker " badge ... if you 're not going to punish me for my transgression , then I will reveal who I am and I sure would n't mind getting it .
Still , I can understand if you 're upset - I would n't want someone else digging up my password .
( That 's why I send this friendly e-mail instead of hoarding , or worst , selling , the information . )
Please , go change your openid password , before someone less ethical than I finds it . - A friend of the site
These are the kinds of emails that make your blood run cold .
Good thing I have n't made too many enemies .
Today , I mean .
So far .
The day 's not over , yet .
Is it true ?
Did someone just log in as me ?
I checked the OpenID logs , and sure enough , there was a valid login from an IP address I did n't recognize .
He was n't bluffing .
He really did log in as me .
While it 's true I probably should have used a more secure password , in my defense :
The particular OpenID account I use is typically for low - value logins like blog comments and so forth .
It 's not exactly a high security form of identity for the use I have in mind . *
The password was relatively simple , but I would n't go so far as to characterize it as a " dictionary password " -- it was n't quite " password1 " or " monkey " or " happiness " , or anything like that .
It was weak , yes , but dictionary password attacks , like all brute force attacks , are still for dummies .
What 's interesting about this , though , is how it happened .
I 'll reveal that tomorrow , with this one hint : I 've talked about this exact sort of vulnerability several times on this very blog .
Until then , take your best guess : how do you think this person discovered my password ?
I 'll highlight the best response tomorrow with the answer .
* Although as a Stack Overflow moderator I have unusual powers and probably should have used an alternate OpenID with more security .
A friend of mine was in an automobile accident a couple days ago .
I do not have all the details yet , but I was relieved to hear that everyone involved was okay .
She had her children with her , and I am sure they were frightened , but it is good to hear that all were unharmed .
It sounds like her car was pretty badly damaged and had to be towed away .
Sadly , this unfortunate accident provided an opportunity for a misguided Christian to spew Christianspeak to an audience not particularly interested in hearing it .
At least this offered me some insight about another friend .
I learned about the accident when a friend spread the word via social media .
She provided a brief account of what had happened and that everyone was okay .
In response , one of her other friends with whom I am not acquainted posted a reply crediting some sort of god with the lack of injuries and gushing I submit that thanking gods for allowing one to come through an accident unscathed is ridiculous for many reasons , not the least of which is that it raises the question of why one was in the accident in the first place .
If we are to assume that a particular god intervened to facilitate survival , then why would n't the same god have acted a fraction of a second earlier to prevent the accident ?
Perhaps even more important , if we credit gods with allowing some to live through accidents , what are we to make of the countless people who are not similarly rescued every day ?
What if one child had been killed or seriously injured ?
Would we praise gods for this while not bothering to ask why the one was not saved ?
I'm sure you have gathered by now that this sort of thing pisses me off just a bit .
Fortunately , this story has a happy ending .
You see , the friend who initially shared the news seemed even more annoyed than I was with the .
She 's no atheist , but she replied something along the lines of " Or we could recognize that modern safety features like airbags and reinforced steel kept them safe . "
Right on .
If Christians really think that their god is going to protect them , why bother with safety features at all ?
And you know what else ?
I am sick and tired of the anti-science types reaping any benefits from science and technology !
They should n't be able to have it both ways .
Cat Runs Around On Field During New York Mets Citi Field Opener : Video
New York Mets fans can get their shiny new Citi Field with its fancy food and jumbo Jumbotron , but they ’re still stuck with the cats that once inhabited Shea Stadium .
One of the cats from the old ballpark joined the team in their move to Citi Field and decided to make an appearance during the 3rd inning of the Mets ’ game against the San Diego Padres .
As shown in the video , play was stopped with Daniel Murphy at the plate and David Wright on deck as the cat ran around behind home plate for a while .
Cats and laser pointers make for great entertainment , but you can add cats and backstops to that list as well .
I bet when those people shelled out hundreds of dollars for those seats , they did n’t expect to be confronted with feral cats .
After a few aborted jumps into the backstop , the cat eventually ran up into the seats , but somehow I doubt this will be the last time this will happen .
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
Fascinating history of an illegal industry :
Today ’s schemes are technologically very demanding and extremely complex .
It starts with the renting of computer servers in several countries .
First the Carders are active to obtain the credit cards and client identities wrongfully .
These data are then passed to the falsifiers who manufacture wonderful official documents so that they can be used to identify oneself .
These identities and credit card infos are then sold as credit card kits to operators .
There is still an alternative where no credit card is needed : in the U.S. one can buy so - called Visa or MasterCard gift cards .
However , these with a certain amount of money charged Visa or MasterCard cards usually only usable in the U.S. .
Since this anonymous gift cards to buy , these are used to over the Internet with fake identities to pay .
Using a false identity and well - functioning credit card servers are then rented and domains purchased as an existing , unsuspecting person .
Most of the time an ID is required and in that case they will simply send a forged document .
There is yet another alternative : a payment system called WebMoney ( webmoney.ru ) that is in Eastern Europe as widespread as PayPal in Western Europe .
Again , accounts are opened with false identities .
Then the business is very simple in Eastern Europe : one buys domains and rents servers via WebMoney and uses it to pay .
As soon as the server is available , a qualified server admin connects to it via a chain of servers in various countries with the help of SSH on the new server .
Today complete partitions are encrypted with TrueCrypt and all of the operating system logs are turned off .
Because people consider the servers in Germany very reliable , fast and inexpensive , these are usually configured as HIDDEN CONTENT SERVERS .
In other words , all the illegal files such as pictures , videos , etc. are uploaded on these servers – naturally via various proxies ( and since you are still wondering what these proxies can be – I ’ll explain that later ) .
These servers are using firewalls , completely sealed and made inaccessible except by a few servers all over the world – so - called PROXY SERVERs or FORWARD SERVERs .
If the server is shut down or Someone logs in from the console , the TrueCrypt partition is unmounted .
Just as was done on the content servers , logs are turned off and TrueCrypt is installed on the so - called proxy servers or forward servers .
The Russians have developed very clever software that can be used as a proxy server ( in addition to the possibilities of SSL tunneling and IP Forwarding ) .
These proxy servers accept incoming connections from the retail customers and route them to the content Servers in Germany – COMPLETELY ANONYMOUSLY AND UNIDENTIFIABLY .
The communication link can even be configured to be encrypted .
Result : the server in Germany ATTRACTS NO ATTENTION AND STAYS COMPLETELY ANONYMOUS because its IP is not used by anyone except for the proxy server that uses it to route the traffic back and forth through a tunnel – using similar technology as is used with large enterprise VPNs .
I stress that these proxy servers are everywhere in the world and only consume a lot of traffic , have no special demands , and above all are completely empty .
Networks of servers around the world are also used at the DNS level .
The DNS has many special features : the refresh times have a TTL ( Time To Live ) of approximately 10 minutes , the entries usually have multiple IP entries in the round robin procedure at each request and rotate the visitor to any of the forward proxy servers .
But what is special are the different zones of the DNS linked with extensive GeoIP databases …
Way , there are pedophiles in authorities and hosting providers , allowing the Russian server administrators access to valuable information about IP blocks etc. that can be used in conjuction with the DNA .
Each one who has little technical knowledge will understabd the importance and implications of this …
But what I have to report to you is much more significant than this , and maybe they will finally understand to what extent the public is cheated by the greedy politicians who CANNOT DO ANYTHING against child pornography but use it as a means to justify total monitoring .
US Army chaplains in Afghanistan have called on American soldiers to spread the word of Jesus to Afghanistan .
They 're distributing Bibles printed in local languages , too — though the Army subsequently confiscated a bunch of the Bibles and reprimanded some of the soldiers involved .
In one recorded sermon , Lt. Col .
Gary Hensley , the chief of the U.S. military chaplains in Afghanistan , is seen telling Soldiers that as followers of Jesus Christ , they all have a responsibility " to be witnesses for him " .
" The special forces guys — they hunt men basically .
We do the same things as Christians , we hunt people for Jesus .
We do , we hunt them down , " he says .
" Get the hound of heaven after them , so we get them into the kingdom .
That 's what we do , that 's our business . "
Flora
Ariana Page Russell has used a bizarre skin condition to turn herself into a human Etch A Sketch , and make works of art that sell for thousands of pounds .
( Pics )
Ariana Page Russell ’s skin swells up into welts with a slight scratch .
The artist has turned her body into a canvas , tracing intricate patterns and words onto her legs , arms and torso .
Miss Russell photographs the results because , just like an Etch A Sketch toy , the drawings are temporary , with the skin returning to normal in about half an hour .
Index
The resulting pictures have gone on display in art galleries and sold for up to $ 4,500 ( £ 3,070 ) .
Miss Russell said : “ I use my skin as a canvas .
People think it is pretty weird .
They think it is beautiful or interesting , or they think it is pretty disgusting , gross and painful .
Pattern ’s Factions
“ Some people ca n’t get past the idea of pain , no matter how many times I tell them it does n’t hurt .
I can just feel a sensation on my skin .
It feels a little warm .
“ I think it is fun to be able to draw on myself .
I like it . ”
Miss Russell , who lives in New York , said she did not even realise she had dermatographia until a doctor diagnosed the condition five years ago , but she had already become interested in using skin as art .
Pattern ’s Factions
Dermatographia is though to be caused by cells in the surface of the skin releasing histamines under the slightest pressure .
This causes the skin to swell up in an allergic - type reaction , similar to hives .
Inevitable
It affects around 5 per cent of the population , but its severity varies amongst sufferers .
She uses a blunt knitting needle to trace her art works and the condition , dermatographia , means her skin swells up in five minutes .
Sugarplum
Hybrid
Capricious
Toile 1
Toile 2
Pointelle
rrrrr
Via Telegraph.co.uk
Mr. Fluffy in the Yard with the PVC Pipe .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Earlier this week , I was having a conversation with ScrewAttack 's Destin L about the gaming press , most notably about how so many videogames lately are getting incredibly high review scores , with nearly every major release apparently able to do no wrong -- even though gamers themselves later come out to say such games were n't even all that good .
As we theorized why this could be , I came upon the possible conclusion that positive press was being motivated by fear , and the more I think about it , the more likely it seems .
As I scan the gamer community and find what seems to be a rabid and possibly deranged army of quasi - human attack dogs , it 's difficult to not draw a correlation between rampant fanboys going off the rails and a gaming press that does n't want to step out of line and say bad things about a game .
This article is n't an accusation , and I do n't intend to point fingers at anybody .
We are merely posing a question here .
Is the gaming press scared of its readers ?
We published an article yesterday that pointed out a number of game design tricks that developers use to falsely extend the length of their games .
It was of course , merely an honest and personal opinion , but it seems that many among the gaming community do n't actually want honesty in their games coverage .
They would rather only ever read the words of someone completely marching in step with their way of thinking .
Thus it was that Mega Man 9 was criticized for something , without being written off as complete garbage , and a number of people flipped their lids .
It 's not just that they disagreed .
Oh no , that would be too tame for them .
Unlike those who responded to the article with respectful disagreement , a number of readers simply could not help themselves piling on the personal insults .
Now , I 've been doing this job for almost three years and I 've been called every name under the sun .
The constant stream of gay jokes and fat jokes and remarks about my ability as a writer is something I 've had to get used to .
That seems to be the wage of having a personal opinion and daring to share it .
That said , it really does get to you sometimes , and it would n't surprise me if some writers see the pure vitriol and venom that gets poured all over their peers and decide that they do n't want any part of it .
I get this feeling that a number of games media outlets see this kind of bullshit happening and will do anything to appease the wrath of a fanbase that , to be honest , is made up of a significant number of petulant and spoiled brats who seem to think that trying to be as personal and hurtful as possible is just punishment for someone not reacting to a game they like with complete adoration .
One of my favorite examples , of course , is Killzone 2 , which has unfortunately become inextricably linked with insane and childish fanboyism .
The notorious Totalvideogames.com review of the game gave it an 8/10 , and it was followed by a 40 - page - plus comment thread of some of the most insulting and disgusting bile I 've ever been ashamed to read on the Internet .
Who seriously goes into this business to be shat upon like that ?
I can hardly find it a stretch to imagine that people are writing just to give the people what they want , rather than what they think .
When I wrote my own Killzone 2 review and gave it a 9.5 , it was suggested by some that I 'd done so to avoid a shitstorm , very much like I 'm theorizing here .
I can't convince you that I did not , and I also can't blame anybody for thinking that was the case , especially as I 'd had people before the review practically attempting to bully me into giving it a high score .
A number of games seem " protected " by their fans these days , and they will go out of their way to not just defend a game , but tear to shreds anybody who dares threaten the aura of perfection that they have surrounded their favorite game with .
You can't point out the myriad flaws in Fallout 3 without Bethesda fans going on the warpath .
Woe betide any who dares to suggest that Halo 3 is n't all that great .
Let 's not forget those who spoke out about Sonic Unleashed ... oh .
Well maybe they got away with it .
I still remember the 8.0 Grand Theft Auto IV review we did , the one that someone said " flew in the face of popular opinion . "
How DARE we do such a thing ?
How dare we turn the world on its head by having the gall to suggest that a great game should get a great score , and not a perfect one ?
Is it any wonder that the title received almost unanimous critical acclaim , with those kinds of reactions waiting in the wings for a less - than - perfect score ?
Again , many of the game 's reviewers may indeed have felt that it was the greatest game ever made , and a new Ocarina of Time for our generation .
I am merely wondering aloud if the potential backlash from readers might have had anything to do with it .
I think the best commenters are the ones that impugn the writer 's " journalistic integrity " at the same time they are basically demanding to be lied to .
I 'm not sure if they 're aware of the blatant hypocrisy that comes with demanding integrity alongside insincere pandering , but it 's hilarious to see nonetheless .
Then there are the ones that sidestep your writing and just go for you as a person .
Apparently , the way you write gives people a deep insight into your personal life , and they 'll rake it up just because they disagree with you and can't handle it .
In many ways , these fanboys are acting like fucking terrorists ... except somehow with even more sexual repression .
Who wants to deal with whining children on a daily basis ?
I do n't , even though most days I unfortunately seem to .
However , in a business that is based on pageviews and readers coming back for more , I dare say a number of outlets will say or do anything in order to stop their fans from going elsewhere .
I 've had a number of readers tell me they would " quit the site " over a particular review , taking their business elsewhere like a stuck - up bitch who did n't like their waiter in a restaurant .
America especially has a " make the customer feel like royalty , even if they 're stupid trash " policy , and I think that can easily carry over into games media .
Without naming names , I 've had some writers speak to me in the past and talk about being " worried " over an article they 're working on .
The articles themselves have been perfectly fine -- well written , honest and perfectly fair .
However , they 've been worried about the reader backlash because they really do n't like being called an " ugly fucking cunt with no talent " because they 're just doing what they love doing .
One can , of course , just write it off with the attitude that " it 's just the Internet , " but show me someone who puts their genuine personality and face on the Internet and does n't get at least a little affected by personal remarks , and I 'll show you a liar or a psychopath .
It 's nothing new , either .
Do you know why FOX News blames violent crime on videogames instead of stupid parents who are n't living up to their responsibilities ?
It 's because FOX News is watched by stupid parents who are n't living up to their responsibilities , and they do n't want to deal with the backlash .
Why does the Daily Mail complain about immigrants ?
Because its readership is a bunch of fascist van drivers who have gotten it into their heads that England is somehow a " pure " thoroughbred nation .
Most media outlets have forsaken honesty in the name of pandering , and I fear that games media is just the same -- people not saying what they want to say , just what their followers want to hear .
I 'm certainly not saying that everybody in the gamer community is this sniveling , crying , infantile little shithead , of course .
I 've had the privilege of getting to know some incredibly cool members of the community and having some intelligent debates with those who disagreed with one of my statements , but were able to not get emotional as if I just shot their mother in the head and fucked the hole .
Sadly , however , these are not the people with the loudest voices .
They are not the ones creating 40 - plus - page threads full of abuse .
It is unfortunate , but I believe that a number of writers have resigned themselves to the fact that there are simply too many babies in the gaming community , and have started to just write to keep them from throwing a tantrum .
It 's the path of least resistance , after all , and they still get paid at the end of the day , minus an army of feral kids snapping at their heels .
Who can blame 'em , really ?
1 Olive Riley ( 108 - year - old ) : World ’s Oldest Blogger
2 Buster Martin ( 102 - year - old ) : UK ’s Oldest Employee and Marathon Runner
Believed to have been the world ’s oldest blogger , australian woman Olive Riley began her blog The Life of Riley in February 2007 at the age of 107 and made her final post on 26 June 2008 from a nursing home in Woy Woy , New South Wales , complaining of a cough about two weeks before she died at the age of 108 .
She had posted over 70 entries , as well as several video posts on YouTube .
Her blog ( or “ blob ” as she called it ) was inspired by her experience with documentary filmmaker Michael Rubbo who , in 2005 , made a documentary about her titled All About Olive .
Pierre Jean “ Buster ” Martin claims to be the United Kingdom ’s oldest employee at the age of 102 .
Martin works for a well - known plumbing company in southeast London as a van cleaner , and notably refused to take a day off on the day he celebrated his 100th birthday .
But he is also a marathon runner .
After walking the 10 km ( 6 miles ) distance of the Great Capital Run in 2 hours 22 minutes and the Roding Valley Half Marathon in 5 hours 13 minutes , Martin was entered for the 2008 London Marathon .
According to press reports , he walked the 26 mile course in approximately 10 hours .
If the claims about his age are true , he could be the oldest recorded marathon participant in the world .
However , officials of the Guinness World Records organization said that they did not consider Martin eligible for the record because he had never provided proof is his age .
3 Winifred Pristell ( 70 - year - old ) : Holds two World Records in Powerlifting
Meet Winifred Pristell , 70 years old .
This great - grandma they call “ Heavy Metal ” is a competitive weightlifter with two world records and aspirations for more .
Winifred first took up the sport in her late 40 ’s due to her struggles with her weight .
When she turned 60 she started to lift competitively in powerlifting meets .
At 68 , she set world records for her age in the bench press at 176.2 pounds and 270 pounds in the deadlift .
Even though she has been struggling lately with arthritis and joint issues , at 70 Winifred still works out three days a week .
4 Jennifer Figge ( 56 - year - old ) : First Woman to Swim the Atlantic
56 - year - old Jennifer Figge pressed her toes into the Caribbean sand , exhilarated and exhausted as she touched land this week for the first time in almost a month .
Reaching a beach in Trinidad , she became the first woman on record to swim across the Atlantic Ocean –a dream she ’d had since the early 1960s , when a stormy trans - Atlantic flight got her thinking she could don a life vest and swim the rest of the way if needed .
The 56 - year - old left the Cape Verde Islands off Africa ’s western coast on Jan. 12 , battling waves of up to 30 feet ( 9 meters ) and strong winds .
She had originally planned to swim the Bahamas , but inclement weather forced her to veer 1,000 miles ( 1,610 kms ) off course to Trinidad .
5 The Great Omani ( 92 - year - old ) : World ’s Oldest Escapologist
Ron Cunningham , who died in 2007 at the age of 92 , was an escapologist and end - of the - pier artist specializing in feats such as eating light bulbs and removing a straitjacket while hanging upside down with his trousers on fire .
To impress audiences he put himself in great danger during many of his stunts using fire , water and glass at his local pub the Bedford Tavern in Brighton .
It was here where he performed his last stunt in 2005 .
This was the escape out of handcuffs with both arms on fire with lighter fluid .
He died in Brighton , East Sussex after a whisky and a cigar at his home on October 15 , 2007 .
His last request was for a trapdoor in the hearse at his funeral .
He wrote a short poem , which was read at the occasion : “ They lay the Great Omani in his box / They have done it up with nails not locks /
But at his funeral do not despair / Chances are he wo n’t be there . ”
6 Arthur Winston ( 100 - year - old ) : Worked for 72 years at the same company and only took one day off
7 Bernie Marks ( 78 - year - old ) : Oldest Man to have a Bar Mitzvah
A Los Angeles Metro employee for 72 years , Arthur Winston ( 1906 – 2006 ) was known for being honored as the “ Employee of the Century ” because he was never late to work and only took one day off during his entire career , that being for his wife ’s funeral in 1988 .
He retired at age 100 .
It took Holocaust survivor Bernie Marks over 60 years to realize his father ’s and grandfathers ’ dreams , but he finally honored them – and Jews worldwide – by having a bar mitzvah , the Jewish ceremony that marks the symbolic passage to manhood .
When he was 13 , he was living in a Jewish ghetto set up by Germans in German - occupied Poland under Nazi rule .
Later , his family was sent to Auschwitz where he last saw his mother and brother .
Marks and his father were sent to a labor camp until they were liberated by US forces in 1945 .
So now , 66 years later , in a strong , melodic voice that moved some at Sacramento Congregation B’nai Israel to tears , Marks chanted the Hebrew passages with his daughters and grandchildren looking on .
8 Brownie Mary ( 70 - year - old ) : Medical Cannabis Activist
Popularly known as “ Brownie Mary ” , Mary Jane Rathbun ( 1923 – 1999 ) was an American hospital volunteer who became internationally known as a medical cannabis activist .
Brownie Mary was famous for baking and distributing “ Alice B. Toklas brownies ” and volunteering in the AIDS ward of San Francisco General Hospital .
She was active in efforts to legalize cannabis use for people with AIDS , cancer , glaucoma , and other diseases .
In 1992 , the San Francisco Board of Supervisors declared August 25 “ Brownie Mary Day . ”
“ My kids [ people with AIDS and cancer ] need this and I ’m ready to go to jail for my principles …
I ’m not going to cut any deals with them .
If I go to jail , I go to jail , ” she once said .
She was named a “ Living Saint ” in 1994 at the San Francisco Saints Alive Benefit .
In 1997 the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence dubbed her “ Saint Brownie Fucking Mary ” at Mary ’s request as she was a lifelong atheist .
Mary was also included in the Sisters ’ Nuns of the Above AIDS Memorial Quilt for her work with and advocating for people with AIDS .
Brownie Mary died of a heart attack at a Laguna Honda nursing home for the poor at age 77 .
Joss Whedon told reporters he still has hope for a second Dollhouse season ( and explained about that post - apocalyptic finale . )
And Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles producers debunked their show 's cancellation rumor .
Plus season three details !
Advertisement
Whedon did a group interview last night as part of his Paley Fest appearance , and sounded as though he has n't given up on a second season of his mind - wiped slaves - of - the - rich show :
The chances are ] not very good but in limbo .
Obviously our numbers are pretty soft , and there it is , but we live in hope .
I 'm really proud of the episodes that are coming out .
More than that , I can't really ask .
Advertisement
He still holds out hope for renewal .
Fingers crossed !
( Although the ratings numbers , for both Dollhouse and Sarah Connor , do remain pretty discouraging . )
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
And Whedon explained how the show 's post - apocalyptic thirteenth episode , which stars Felicia Day and wo n't air on Fox , came out .
Apparently , both Whedon and Fox agreed that he had fulfilled their order for 13 episodes , counting the unaired pilot and 12 regular episodes .
But Fox insisted that they needed a thirteenth episode for overseas distribution , or the season would seem too short .
So Whedon said :
I 'll tell you what .
I 'll shoot a post - apocalyptic thriller that 's all on our sets in six days with a cast of four other people , then we 'll pepper it with different bits from our regular cast , and we can do it all during the schedule .
It 'll cost you half .
I can do this . '
And I was so in love with the idea that I just came up with off the top of my head , and that 's what it turned into .
It 's one of the best episodes we 've ever made
Advertisement
And Day told Sci Fi
Wire she plays " a post - apocalyptic fighter girl " and hinted the episode takes place on the Dollhouse 's regular sets .
Meanwhile , Sarah Connor Chronicles writer Ashley Edward Miller Twittered that we should n't take Entertainment Weekly 's Michael Ausiello too seriously when he claims the show is already canceled , since he said the same thing before season two , and midway through season two :
Time for Ausiello's semi-annual SCC termination report .
False again .
( Remember " sets were destroyed " report ?
Now you know context , people ) .
Advertisement
( For the record , Sarah Connor Chronicles has no standing sets , as anybody who 's watched the show can attest . )
For his part , showrunner Josh Friedman settled for Twittering :
Waiting for Michael Ausiello to tell me what I 'm supposed to do now with my career .
Advertisement
So what would happen if Sarah Connor Chronicles gets a third season ?
Actor Brian Austin Green spilled a few details to Comic Book Resources , and it sounds fantastic :
The third season is going to be incredible , if it happens .
There were no intentions of this being a series finale .
It was absolutely a season finale .
There 's a plan where this can go and it's so good ....
You have this episode where John Connor travels to a future where John Connor never existed .
I do n't know if people completely get it because we work on a string theory , which we 've dealt with during the season .
We dealt with that with Jessie , in the future that she came from there was Charles Fisher , who tortured everyone .
In the future I came from , he never existed .
I do n't remember him .
We were still together within these parallel futures but they were still different and they still had their own paths .
This is the same concept .
For John Connor to travel to a future where he never existed , where Kyle Reese never left , where Derek and Kyle are still fighting side by side , where Allison ( the human Cameron was based on ) is still very much present , what becomes of John ?
What better situation for somebody to grow up in and become the future leader than that ?
Than to be fighting in what he 's been trying to prevent ?
Not just being the top dog , being listened to for everything , but having to actually listen and follow .
Advertisement
And he clarified that , despite that crackle of lightning at the end , Sarah Connor did stay behind in the present .
And John Connor himself may have sent Catherine Weaver back in time to create an alternative to Skynet .
He also talks about Derek 's undramatic death scene , and how the producers always planned to bring him back in the alternate future .
It sounds like if we get a third Sarah Connor season , Derek will be back full time .
24p omission explained ?
This source explains why there ’s no 24p at the moment .
I ’m trusting the information is legit , I personally lack the technical knowledge of HD video in the 5D2 .
“ The 5D MarkII will have 24 p , it is already in a firmware running in testing .
Ã‚Â
It was not released due to time but it was planned to be released with the manual control .
Ã‚Â
This is not as easy as some people tend to believe .
The codec data rate has 6 frames of spare bandwidth and the file size was still the same as the 30 p in the cam I tested .
They have to re-code the compression routine in order to run at full speed and not waste file size .
This has introduced some problems in stability because the chip can only handle 30 p natively and this is basically a hack .
No Audio control planned or in the firmware as of yet .
The 60D will have 720 p , 1080 p video modes .
30 p is already in the firmware and the Mark II hack could be used in this camera easily .
Much better CMOS than the 500D improved even from the 5D Mark II .
Nikon is adding most of the same features soon in their cameras , Canon just wanted to release and get the claim of being first . ”
cr
Please authorize with the Spotify in order to access this content
I find this quote so fascinating from Edwin H. Land , the founder of Polaroid Corporation ; taken from a piece in a 1959 issue of Scientific American magazine , in which he talks about the eye responding to stimuli :
" No student of color vision can fail to be awed by the sensitive discernment with which the eye responds to the variety of stimuli it receives .
Recently , my colleagues and I have learned that this mechanism is far more wonderful than had been thought .
The eye makes distinctions of amazing subtlety .
It does not need nearly so much information as actually flows to it from the everyday world .
It can build colored worlds of its own out of informative materials that have always been supposed to be inherently drab and colorless . "
First Polaroid CameraEdwin Land , an American inventor and physicist invented the Polaroid ; a one - step camera that made is possible for a photographer to extract and view a print immediately after the photo was taken .
He founded the Polaroid Corporation and the first camera was sold in November , 1948 .
In 1960 , Land collaborated with the Henry Dreyfuss company to produce a newly designed product , the Automatic 100 Land Camera .
In 1965 , another camera called the Polaroid Swinger was introduced and sold for less than $ 20 .
The company went on to make hundreds of models over the years .
For a huge and complete list of Polaroid cameras , visit this site for make / model numbers and information .
Sadly , on February , 8 , 2008 , in an interview with the Boston Globe concerning the upcoming Zink - compatible printer , Polaroid “ announces ” all instant film production will cease in 2008 / 2009 .
* Cool promotional short film from 1971 featuring the SX - 70 System that was first sold in 1972
* I love this 1981 Muppets Polaroid commercial
By FRED CONTRADA
fcontrada@repub.com
NORTHAMPTON -
To the prosecution he is a teenager with a frightening amount of explosives who likes to videotape himself setting them off .
To his lawyer he is a " wicked smart " kid bent on a career in chemistry .
The jury will have to decide what to do with John E. Robison .
A Hampshire Superior Court jury heard opening statements Friday in the trial of the South Hadley teenager .
Robison , 18 , is charged with three counts of malicious explosion and one count of setting off detonating explosives near people or property .
According to Northwestern Assistant District Attorney Alice E. Perry , Robison videotaped several of the explosions and posted them on You Tube .
As Perry laid out her case to the jury , Robison 's activities were discovered in February 2008 when he attempted to buy laboratory equipment on - line .
The vendor , suspicious of the order , found the You Tube videos of Robison setting of explosives and contacted the South Hadley police .
After viewing the videos , police approached Robison at Holyoke Community College , where he was taking classes .
He told the officers that he had a chemical lab at his father 's house in Amherst but moved it to his mother 's home in South Hadley at his father 's request .
Robison 's parents are divorced .
When police went to Robison 's South Hadley home at 23 Dartmouth St. , they found a number of explosive chemicals , including some classified as " high explosives , " Perry said .
Uncertain how to handle the material , the police contacted the FBI , which advised them on how to handle the explosives .
It took police three days to clear Robison 's house , Perry said .
During that time they had to evacuate neighbors in the abutting homes .
According to Perry , one of the substances , triacetone triperoxide , is so volatile it can be set of by static electricity .
" One gram of TATP in the cap of your Sharpie can blow of your hand , " she said .
" This is not about firecrackers . "
Defense lawyer David P. Hoose told the jury his client is a normal teenager who did gymnastics and spent years as a Cub Scout and Boy Scout .
" This case is very much about who John Robison is , " he said .
According to Hoose , Robison is an intelligent young man who dropped out of Amherst Regional High School in 11th grade because the curriculum was n't challenging enough for him .
" Public school bored him , " Hoose said .
" Our kids might call him ' wicked smart . ' "
Robison developed an interest in model rockets that led to a passion for chemistry , Hoose said .
He hopes to eventually earn a doctorate in chemistry at the University of Massachusetts .
During visits to Mexico with his mother , who is an anthropologist , Robison was exposed to firecrackers , which are legal in that country .
" He came back and started experimenting , " Hoose said .
According to Hoose , all the chemicals Robison had can be legally obtained .
He said the videotapes will show that his client was careful to detonate his explosives at the Amherst landfill or on his father 's property , where they would not harm property or people .
" He was making things go ' boom ' and learning from experience , " Hoose said .
" My client had no anti-government aims . "
The trial is scheduled to continue through next week .
Wow .
I guess we really can’t believe anyone says when it comes to the game of baseball !
Another star — a sure - fire Hall of Famer — bites the bust , and his legacy is more than likely destroyed , unless there ’s something we do n’t know about .
Ramirez ’s charm was built upon his quirkiness along with his genius at the plate ; however , with the Red Sox episode , his squabbling over a contract with the Dodgers , and now an alleged drug user , the “ Manny Show ” is now a fraud .
Too bad , I know the man is supremely talented , but now I guess he got “ help ” from the looks of it …
From ESPN : Major League Baseball is expected to announce Thursday that Los Angeles Dodgers outfielder Manny Ramirez has tested positive for performance - enhancing drugs and will be suspended for 50 games , The Los Angeles Times is reporting .
Ramirez ’s test result and suspension are expected to be announced Thursday , The Times said .
Citing a source familiar with the matter , The Times reported Ramirez is expected to say the positive test results were a result of medication received from a doctor for a personal medical issue .
If his suspension begins Thursday , Ramirez would be eligible to return to the Dodgers ’ lineup for their July 3 game against San Diego .
Triple - A outfielder Xavier Paul has been told by the Dodgers that he will be promoted later today , according to The Times .
In his first full season as a Dodger , Ramirez is batting .348 with six home runs and 20 RBIs .
Los Angeles has bolted to a 21 - 8 record — best in the majors — and a 13 - 0 record at home that set the modern major league record for home winning streak to start a season .
Christian Lacroix , the French couturier whose artistic and exuberant pouf dresses propelled him to fame in the 1980s , became the latest victim of the global financial crisis on Thursday when the fashion house bearing his name filed for court protection from creditors .
The voluntary petition , similar to Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the United States , was filed with the commercial court in Paris , which will decide whether to restructure or liquidate the company .
Although Lacroix ’s chief executive , Nicolas Topiol , emphasized that the brand intended to continue operating during the process , the news brought an end to a luxury business model .
Founded in 1987 by Bernard Arnault , chairman and chief executive of LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton , the concept was to start with haute couture , at the apex of the luxury pyramid , and develop from it a range of ready - to - wear apparel , accessories and fragrances .
This was the system that had reaped mighty profits for established houses like Christian Dior and Chanel .
Useful FACT
RT news channel - another Russia 's ideological bludgeon ?
Added by GordonAten on Jun 02 , 2009 | Visited by 6228 | Voted by 58 persons
Got to know RT TV only about 3 months ago , though it had been launched in 2005 .
I noticed its progress even within these three months : quite original content ( with a few awkward exceptions ) , widening horizon of topics covered , some interesting challenging reviews and opinions .
It looked ... positively different from the traditionally boring , uniformed , state censored Soviet - Russian news channels .
Until two days ago .
Until I watched a special half an hour edition on recent events in Moldova ' One day in April ' .
The way the facts have been presented caused disappointment and returned my very first convictions that this is just another Russia 's ideological billy .
First of all , if such a news company wants to be at least considered objective , it should have appealed for opinions from all sides of the post-election conflict .
But it did n't - it just showed the President and two young guys , who probably do not well understand what actually has happened .
Secondly , most of the facts have been either superficially commented or completely ignored .
Nothing has been told about the uncovered massive frauds in the electoral lists , about abuses during the election campaign , about the fact that the Constitutional Court simply rejected the opposition 's claim to review the gathered information about frauds , because it was presented ' too late ' !
It was mentioned again that Moldova is the poorest country in Europe , but RT has forgotten to mention that it became such under 8 years of communist administration - would n't that be obvious ?
Thirdly , some facts have been just deliberately distorted .
In reality no one was going to attack the Slavonic Institution , this being a cheap attempt to again present all events in Moldova as some kind of inter-ethnical problem .
Which is not , as poverty and absence of any perspectives hit everyone in this country , especially the younger generation .
No one attacked the Government , or the state TV center , which are far more important in such ' revolutionary ' scenarios - why on Earth they would go to Slavonic institute ?
Many things RT really failed to mention or explain , showing a total inconsistency , subjectivity and proving that it had followed a special task of throwing oil into the provocation fire .
How come that students of the police academy in plain clothes and detainees from nearby prisons took part in the attacks on the public buildings ?
What about explaining policemen caught on camera while they were breaking a wall in the backyard and preparing stones for throwing ?
Any mentioning about the young guy in yellow T - shirt , who raised the flags of Romania and EU both on Parliament and President 's office with the help of policemen ( also caught on cameras ! ) , and never was charged with anything , while a lot of other innocent people were captured and beaten like hell ?
Nothing was said about this and other many more interesting things .
Instead RT suggested a silly story about a Russian speaking heavy metal punk and a Moldovan student lost in the events , both in the end lighting candles in the same church .
Though heavy metal punks are rarely associated with active church going , maybe at least here we can see some positive symbolism and some sense in this otherwise very poor RT report .
Russia really needs some serious rethinking of its old mentality approach to politics with its former Soviet Union fellow countries .
It 's a totally new generation there with a more critical apprehension of reality , with Lenin and Stalin rapidly forgotten .
A more civilized way of dealing with a younger and better educated political elite would have brought better medium and long term end results .
In the summer of 2016 , the Milky Way doubled in size .
By which we mean , the number of stars it was previously believed to contain was found to be only about half …
souse , n.5 : 3 . A drunkard .
slang ( chiefly U.S. ) .
( OED )
souse , n.5 : 3 . A drunkard .
slang ( chiefly U.S. ) .
( OED )
Sunday , May 17 , 2009 at 9:49AM
Django uses a shared nothing architecture .
* The database is responsible for scaling state .
* Application servers are horizontally scalable because they are stateless .
Scalability vs Performance .
Performance is not the same as scalability .
Scalability is A scalable system does n’t need to change when the size of the problem changes .
Type of scalability :
* Vertical - buy bigger hardware
* Horizontal - the ability to increase a system ’s capacity by adding
more processing units ( servers )
Cache to remove load from the database server .
Built - in Django Caching : Per -site caching , per -view cache , template fragment cache - not so effective on heavily personalized pages
Low - level Cache API is used to cache at any level of granularity .
Pounce cached individual objects and lists of object IDs .
The hard part of caching is invalidation .
How do you know when a value changes such that the cache should be up updates so readers see valid values ?
* Invalidate when a model is saved or deleted .
* Invalidate post_save , not pre_save .
* This leaves a small race condition so :
** Instead of deleting , set the cache key to None for a short period of time
** Instead of using set to cache objects , use add , which fails if there ’s already something stored for the key
Pounce ran memcached on their web servers
* Their servers were not CPU bound , they were IO and memory bound so they compressed objects before caching .
Work is spread between multiple application servers using a load balancer .
Best way to reduce load on your app servers : do n’t use them to do hard stuff .
Pounce used software load balancing
* Hardware load balancers are expensive ( $ 35 K ) and you need two for redunancy .
* Software load balancers are cheap and easy .
* Some options : Perlbal , Pound , HAProxy , Varnish , Nginx
* Chose a single Perlbal server .
This was a Single Point of Failure but they did n't have the money for hardware .
Liked Perlbal 's reproxying feature .
Used a ghetto queuing solution ( MySQL + cron ) to process work asynchronously in the background .
At scale their system needed to have high availability and be partitionable .
* The RDBMS ’s consistency requirements get in our way
* Most sharding / federation schemes are kludges that trade consistency
* There are many non relational databases ( CouchDB , Cassandra , Tokyo Cabinet ) but they are n't easy to use with Django .
Rules for denormalization :
* Start with a normalized database
* Selectively denormalize things as they become bottlenecks
* Denormalized counts , copied fields , etc. can be updated in signal handlers
Joins are evil and Django makes it really easy to do joins .
Database Read Performance
* Since your typical web app is 80 % to 80 % reads adding MySQL master - slave replication can solve a lot of problems .
* Django does n't support multiple database connections , but there 's a library , linked to at the end of this document to help .
* A big problem is slave lag .
When you write to the primary it takes time for the state to be transferred to the read slaves so readers may see an old value on the read .
Database Write Performance
* Federate .
Split tables across different servers .
Not well supported by Django .
* Vertical Partitioning : split tables that are n’t joined across database servers .
* Horizontal Partitioning : split a single table across databases ( e.g. , user table ) .
Problem is autoincrement now does n't work and Django uses autoincrement for primary keys .
Monitoring -
You can't improve what you do n't measure
* Products : Ganglia and Munin
Measure
* Server load , CPU usage , I/ O
* Database QPS
* Memcache QPS , hit rate , evictions
* Queue lengths
* Anything else interesting
Related Articles
Film buffs will recognize Django as a classic 1966 spaghetti western that spawned hundreds of imitators .
Web heads will certainly first think of Django as the classic Python based Web framework that has also spawned hundreds of imitators and has become the gold standard framework for the web .
Mike Malone , who worked on Pownce , a blogging tool now owned by Six Apart , tells in this very informative EuroDjangoCon presentation how Pownce scaled using Django in the real world .
I was surprised to learn how large Pounce was : hundreds of requests / sec , thousands of DB operations / sec , millions of user relationships , millions of notes , and terabytes of static data .
Django has a lot of functionality in the box to help you scale , but if you want to scale large it turns out Django has some limitations and Mike tells you what these are and also provides some code to get around them .
Mike 's talk - although Django specific -- will really help anyone creating applications on the web .
There 's a lot of useful Django specific advice and a lot of general good design ideas as well .
The topics covered in the talk are :
On 8 March 1969 , an extraordinary experiment was reported in the pages of Nature , Europe 's leading science journal .
It involved a group of people who took turns to sit in an old dentist 's chair and describe the room around them .
They commented on the presence of a phone on the table , a nearby vase , people 's expressions and how they wore their hair .
It was remarkable because all were completely blind .
The scientific establishment took a dim view of the work and , for the most part , dismissed it as implausible .
But today it stands as one of the first , and most striking , demonstrations of neuroplasticity , the brain 's ability to adapt .
The blind people had learned to " see " through the sensation of touch .
Here 's what happened .
The back of the chair had been fitted with hundreds of tiny stimulators that were hooked up to a video camera .
As the camera panned the room , those in the chair felt tiny vibrations that seemed to dance across their skin as the image moved .
With practice , the blind volunteers ' brains learned to turn these vibrations into a mental picture of the room .
Some became so good at it that they ducked when a ball was tossed at the camera .
What was regarded as fringe science 40 years ago is currently at the cutting edge of neuroscience .
With the right training , scientists now know the brain can reshape itself to work around dead and damaged areas , often with dramatic benefits .
Therapies that exploit the brain 's power to adapt have helped people overcome damage caused by strokes , depression , anxiety and learning disabilities , and may one day replace drugs for some of these conditions .
Some studies suggest therapies that tap into the brain 's neuroplasticity are already making a big difference .
Children with language difficulties have been shown to make significant progress using computer training tools that are the equivalent of cerebral cross-training .
Work is underway to investigate whether it is possible to stave off a loss of brain plasticity in older age , which might help to address memory problems linked to Alzheimer 's disease .
Some psychoanalysts are adopting techniques to help people overcome relationship troubles , obsessions , worries and bad habits .
The idea of brain plasticity has been discovered and forgotten many times over the centuries .
The ancient Greeks accepted the idea , with Socrates believing that people could train their brains the way gymnasts train their bodies .
Around the time of Galileo , the idea fell out of favour , as scientists began to see the world mechanistically , with each object , organ and even parts of an organ being attributed well - defined , unchanging roles .
It was these ideas that led to the notion of our brains being " hardwired " , an idea that today is steadily being overturned .
Norman Doidge , a psychiatrist at the University of Toronto and author of the New York Times bestseller , The Brain That Changes Itself , says our ongoing belief that our brains are hardwired has held up medical progress .
" Our best and brightest neuroscientists thought our brains were structured like complex machines , with each part performing one function in one location , and that had implications .
If you were born with a part that was defective , and say it gave you a learning disorder , it meant there was nothing you could do , you had to learn to live with it .
If you sustained a brain injury or had a stroke and part of your brain broke down , there was nothing you could do .
Brain exercises made no sense , and even more fundamentally , human nature was as fixed as the brain from which it emerged , " he says .
Neuroplasticity does not see the different regions of the brain as completely versatile and certainly not interchangeable .
But it recognises that if part of the brain is damaged , it can be possible to train other areas to take on , at least to some extent , the job of the lost brain matter .
One of Doidge 's case studies , Cheryl Schiltz , demonstrates how brain plasticity can transform a damaged life .
Her story began in 1997 , when , at the age of 39 , she picked up an infection after a routine operation .
To clear it up , she was given a course of the antibiotic , gentamicin .
When used in excess , the drug can sometimes destroy cells in the inner ear , causing hearing loss , but it is cheap and effective , so is widely used .
In Schiltz 's case , gentamicin destroyed her vestibulary system , the looping canals of the inner ear that allow us to tell up from down .
Tests showed she had only 2 % of her vestibulary function left .
What happens to a person who cannot balance is striking .
Schiltz felt as if she was constantly falling , and as a result , she usually did .
When she hit the floor , the feeling did n't go away .
Sometimes , it was as if a trapdoor had opened and she was free - falling into an abyss .
Her doctor found an ingenious way to treat her .
He fitted her with a bizarre - looking helmet fitted with motion sensors .
These fed signals to a metal strip that she placed in her mouth .
Now , as she tipped forward , she felt a tingle ripple to the tip of her tongue .
As her head moved to the side , the tingle rolled sideways .
The first time Schiltz put the device on she began to cry .
The wobbles subsided .
She felt safe .
She could stand up .
Over time , her brain learned to turn the feeling in her tongue into a sense of balance .
After prolonged training sessions , Schiltz needed the helmet less and less .
Her doctor thinks her brain tuned into the tiny signals coming from what remained of her vestibulary system , and recruited other brain nerves to help out .
There is a darker side to brain plasticity that Doidge has seen in some of his own patients .
He has treated several men whose relationships were in tatters because of what Doidge calls an " epidemic " of internet porn addiction .
The men had spent so much time viewing pornographic images , they had become impotent with their partners , and some developed extreme sexual tastes .
Doidge believes that neuroplasticity was at work here , with the men's brains altered by an almost limitless supply of pictures , available any time at the click of a mouse .
Most of the men recovered after being banned from using their computers and going cold turkey .
Some psychiatrists suspect that a common technique called cognitive behaviour therapy , which helps people to change their perspective on events in their lives , may work because of the brain 's plasticity .
In his book , Doidge uses ideas of neuro - plasticity to promote ways of overcoming conditions such as obsessive - compulsive disorder , and other common problems , such as persistent worries and anxieties .
In some instances , he suggests that people force themselves to do a rewarding task as soon as they get the urge to worry or check whether the stove is off for the seventh time .
" You have a real civil war for four to six weeks , because your brain is pulling you one way and you are pushing in another , but when it works , it is very powerful , " he says .
Doidge says he is not anti-medication , but wonders if therapies that tap into neuro - plasticity will soon replace drug treatments for certain conditions .
" We can change our brains by sensing , imagining and acting in the world .
It 's economical and mostly low - tech , and I 'm very , very hopeful " .
The Brain That Changes Itself by Norman Doidge is published by Penguin .
The normal structure of metals is crystalline .
Glass , on the other hand , is amorphous .
But it ’s possible to make amorphous forms of metal , metallic glasses , which can be remarkably strong , having many properties equal to or better than their crystalline metal cousins .
The catch is that bulk metallic glasses are highly susceptible to fatigue , a severe problem for their use as structural materials .
Now researchers at the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and the University of California at Berkeley , working with colleagues at the California Institute of Technology , have solved the fundamental problem of poor fatigue resistance in bulk metallic glasses .
The results are metallic glass alloys that are not only stronger than high - strength steel and aluminum alloys but more resistant to fatigue as well .
Bulk metallic glasses
For a decade or so it has been possible to make metallic glasses in bulk – just like regular crystalline metals – by using a number of tricks : rapidly cooling the liquid metal , for example , and mixing together several elements with different crystalline structures – “ which because they do n’t know how to crystallize , delays the crystallization and allows you to create an amorphous structure , ” as Robert Ritchie of Berkeley Lab ’s Materials Sciences Division explains .
The excitement that greeted the ability to make metallic glasses in bulk has not been followed up by widespread technological use , however .
These alloys were first employed for lightweight , springy gold clubs , but to date there have been few , if any , important structural applications – in the aerospace industry , for example , as was initially hoped .
“ One reason for this is that properties associated with cracking or fracture – such as fracture toughness or fatigue resistance – in these bulk metallic glass have often been quite poor , ” says Maximilien Launey , a postdoctoral research fellow working with Ritchie at Berkeley Lab .
advertisement
“ Without good toughness , these alloys have found few applications structurally , ” says Ritchie , who is also a professor in UC Berkeley ’s Department of Materials Science and Engineering .
“ Moreover , their fatigue resistance is also quite poor , with fatigue limits sometimes as low as one tenth or so that of most crystalline metallic alloys . ”
Since fatigue is the most widespread mechanism of degradation in metallic structures , low fatigue resistance has impeded the adoption of metallic glasses as structural materials .
“ While it has been often thought the fatigue limit was the cyclic stress needed to initiate a crack in a material , there are always small cracks present , ” Ritchie says .
“ The fatigue limit is actually the cyclic stress needed to get such a small crack propagating . ”
In crystalline materials there are many barriers to crack propagation , including grain boundaries , inclusions , and other microstructural obstacles .
Says Ritchie , “ The fatigue limit is the stress needed to get cracks past such barriers . ”
But metallic glasses have no crystalline structure , so no such barriers exist .
“ If a crack is present , there ’s nothing to stop it from propagating , ” says Ritchie .
“ In metallic glasses , dominant shear bands can form and extend throughout the material ; under tensile stress , this can lead to premature catastrophic failures at very small strains — a particular problem in metallic glasses . ”
Stopping runaway cracks
advertisement
Ritchie and Launey worked with colleagues Douglas Hofmann and William Johnson at Caltech to find a solution .
Johnson ’s group at Cal Tech had developed a metallic glass alloy named DH3 , made from five elements – roughly a third zirconium , a third titanium , and the remainder niobium , copper , and beryllium .
In bulk samples of DH3 the researchers induced a second phase of the metal , which took the form of narrow pathways of crystalline metal permeating the metallic glass in dendritic ( treelike ) patterns ; its growth was carefully controlled by processing a partially molten liquid - solid mixture .
The resulting dendritic phase acts as a local arrest point to any crack that begins to propagate in the glass .
“ The process of blocking these shear bands is important not just for fatigue but for toughness as well , ” Launey says .
“ The approach of using a second phase has been tried before , but has n’t always been very successful .
What this study shows is that it is their separation that is critical ; the spacing of these arrest points has to be small enough to arrest any crack before it becomes large enough to cause catastrophic failure . ”
The goal is to match the mechanical and microstructural scales of the material : the microstructural scale is the space of the dendritic branches , while the mechanical scale is the length of a crack that breaks the material .
“ So it is important that any shear band or crack is arrested before it makes it that far , ” Ritchie says .
“ We do that by having a finer distribution of these second phases ” – with dimensions determined by a simple formula – “ and as a result we got far superior fatigue resistance . ”
So good , in fact , that toughness , ductility , and fatigue resistance – all intimately related properties – of the DH3 alloy improved to the point that the bulk metallic glass was not only stronger than many structural metal alloys but had a fatigue limit more than 30 percent higher than ultra - high - strength steel and aluminum - lithium alloys .
“ The important point here is that these design strategies can be universally applied to any other metallic glass systems , ” Launey says .
“ As a result , we feel the fatigue problem in metallic glasses can be solved . ”
.
More details have emerged about how confidential information on MPs ' expenses might have found its way into the hands of journalists .
The information , which has led to a string of articles that exposed how elected representatives made a series of questionable claims , was purchased by the Daily Telegraph from a seller who offered the data to other Fleet Street newspapers .
This data includes a hard drive containing expense claims made by MPs over the last five years , together with two million supporting documents including copies of expense claim forms , The Guardian reports .
How someone managed to smuggle data from a classified machine onto a ( presumably ) external hard disc , much less smuggle out enough supporting paperwork to fill a van from the Palace of Westminster , remains unclear .
The circumstances suggest an insider , possibly one who works in the fees office , is behind the leak .
The subsequent shenanigans make for a piece of political intrigue with shades of the thriller State of Play , with large hints of the caustic Westminster comedy The Thick of It .
On 18 March three journalists from The Times reportedly met with a broker to discuss the sale of the data at the offices of a public relations firm .
An asking price of £ 300,000 - £ 250,000 for the data , £ 50,000 in analysis fees - was put on the table , along with a promise to provide legal indemnity during the 30 minute meeting , which involved discussion of snippets of the data on offer .
The Times turned down the deal .
The businessman brokering the deal was identified by the Wall Street Journal , The Sunday Times ( here ) and the Mail on Sunday ( here ) as John Wick , a former SAS major and current director of risk management and security firm International Security Solutions Limited ( ISSL ) .
Henry Gewanter , managing director of PR firm Positive Profile , reportedly assisted Wick .
El Reg spoke to Gewanter , who declined to comment .
Staff at ISSL said that Wick was out of the office and unavailable for comment .
We 've left a message and will update this story as and when Wick gets in touch .
ISSL specialises in " corporate risk management " which , according to case studies on its site , involves everything from running kidnap and ransom response to tracking suspected internal fraud for a Caribbean telecoms firm , and defending an unnamed electronics firm against charges of violating UN sanctions .
In late March the Sunday Express ran an exclusive that home secretary Jacqui Smith 's husband paid to watch a couple of X - rated films , the cost of which was subsequently claimed back on expenses .
The data used to stand up this story apparently came from the same source .
Days after this scoop , The Sun was offered a portion of the expense claims information , but editor Rebekah Wade walked away from the deal after first offering only £ 20,000 for the information , a decision she reportedly regrets .
The seller next approached The Telegraph , which agreed an undisclosed deal and begin printing a series of stories .
Whoever sold the information could find it hard to argue that they acted in the public interest after attempting to profit by auctioning the information around Fleet Street .
Intermediaries in the deal might also be implicated .
Should police press on with an investigation , then editors at both the Sunday Express and the Daily Telegraph could also have reason to worry .
Fleet Street insiders describe the deal as amateurish , mainly because neither the Daily Mail nor the Mail on Sunday , the two papers likely to pay the highest fees , were offered the scoop . ®
The joint conference of the Canadian Anthropology Society ( CASCA ) and the American Ethnological Society ( AES ) came to an end in Vancouver four days ago , and this should be the first of a couple of items to appear here pertaining the two sessions devoted to the militarization of anthropology and Canadian responses .
The setting of the conference could not have been prettier or more peaceful , as one can glimpse from some of the extraordinary views of the surrounding landscape / waterscape as shown below , taken from within the campus of the University of British Columbia .
Aside from the extravagant natural beauty surrounding the campus , what is not shown in these photos is a campus that is smothered by endless flowering trees , with flowers one does not see elsewhere in Canada .
Thus , in a sense , the setting for our discussions could not have been worse .
To the best of my knowledge , this was the first time that discussion concerning the Human Terrain System and the Minerva Research Initiative occurred in a formal venue outside of the United States .
This did not impede the Human Terrain System from sending us one of their representatives , the very professional , diplomatic , and reserved Christopher A. King , who registered openly as a HTS member ( printed on his badge ) and handed out his HTS business cards .
Christopher King came to Vancouver from Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , and he was “ kind ” enough to note that he learned of this event from this blog .
We spent some time alone talking ( and with my other fellow panelists , Catherine Besteman and Greg Feldman ) .
Contrary to what some readers of this blog might have expected , there were no fireworks , no raised voices , but certainly no reconciliation either .
Dr. King was interested in putting a face to this writing , and I think he will have to admit : the writing is prettier .
What I suspect Dr. King discovered while here , is that there is much less ambiguity among Canadian academics , far less of the desperate search for contrived nuance because that ’s where the alibis are to be found , and not much of the hastily painted gray areas , that one finds in the range of opinions about HTS among American anthropologists .
Whenever I have spoken to Canadian audiences , the nearly unanimous reaction is one of outrage , disgust , and disbelief ( no not towards me , I mean specifically towards HTS ) .
That the critical reactions from anthropologists have supposedly had an effect on HTS , contrary to what Mark Dawson suggested a while ago , was something suggested by Christopher King himself ( I will not be producing a transcript from memory of everything he spoke about , not because I fear that he ever made the mistake of thinking that whatever he told me would not appear on this blog , but simply because if I did so it might lead others in the future to think that I will publicly report on everything they say in private — meanwhile , other HTS members , like one who posted on this blog today , are still willing to discuss HTS matters openly ) .
Dr. King ’s business card has the official designation of “ social scientist ” ( which presumably is to change to “ intelligence analyst ” if the so - called “ nationalization ” of HTS is really occurring ) .
He noted that HTS and the wider Pentagon establishment can live without anthropologists ’ participation , and that some anthropologists in HTS do not even label themselves as such , but rather choose the broader term , “ social scientist . ”
In Chris King ’s case , he has a PhD in anthropology from the University of Hawaii , and has served in Iraq , going back to before HTS was created .
The first of our sessions , titled “ The Use of Culture and Anthropology in Counter - insurgency and Peacekeeping Operations , ” and organized by Greg Feldman , consisted of what I , and at least some members of the audience who commented , thought were excellent papers .
The panel was very well attended and a fair amount of discussion ensued .
The formal abstract for the session as a whole was as follows :
Overseas military operations –whether for warfare or peacekeeping– are increasingly using academic knowledge of the culture and society of non-Western peoples .
This development has invoked anthropology as a resource in cross-cultural outreach in order to facilitate relations between local peoples American and Western military forces .
Proponents of the military ’s use of cultural knowledge argue that it reduces the number of civilian casualties and expedites efforts to win over local populations lest otherwise innocent people be recruited by terrorist networks .
Opponents argue that it constitutes an appropriation of anthropological knowledge for the purposes of expanding Western hegemony and reproducing global power hierarchies .
This session will critique the military ’s use of anthropological knowledge for these ends and explore other ways in which the discipline can enlarge the discussion of what “ security ” and “ peace ” could mean between peoples located in unequal power positions .
Richard Lee , professor emeritus in anthropology at the University of Toronto , led with his paper titled “ Culture , Apartheid and War : Case Studies from South Africa and Israel , ” a fairly courageous piece in these times when the “ anti- Semitism ” charge is thrown about against any and every academic ( yours truly included ) who dares to criticize or condemn Israeli aggression , human rights abuses , and Israel ’s ongoing colonization of Palestinian lands .
Dr. Lee devoted the bulk of his paper to drawing out the comparisons between Israel and Apartheid South Africa , which Israel supported .
If anything he notes that the comparison may be faulty on the grounds that the Israeli version of apartheid is far more vigorous , and brutal .
He used the numerous public denunciations of those who lived under apartheid , such as Bishop Desmond Tutu and Nelson Mandela , who have themselves made the Israeli - South African comparison , only to be promptly denounced by Israel ’s extremist though mainstream Hasbara campaign as “ bigots . ”
Lee criticized the “ psycho - pathology ” of contemporary Israeli Zionism in trying to lambast and intimidate all critics of the Zionist project as anti-Semitic .
The paper largely stood apart from the rest in that it did not touch on the Human Terrain System or the militarization of anthropology .
Roberto J. González ’s paper , “ ‘ To Change Entire Societies ’ : Counterinsurgency Cults , ‘ Tribes , ’ and Anthropology , ” was excellent .
He could not be present , but his paper was read by Greg Feldman , and read perfectly .
A large part of the paper was devoted to demystifying the renewed attempt to sell counterinsurgency ( COIN ) , and the base tool of analysis that the focus on the “ tribe ” has become for COIN ethnography .
González produced a well crafted critique of the cult of counterinsurgency as one driven by , to quote the words of Lt. Col .
John Nagl , the aim “ to change entire societies . ”
One of the analytical tools used for figuring out how to “ change entire societies ” is the well worn anthropological concept of “ tribe ” ( and when I wrote about this here in a debate with a journalist , it was with keeping in mind the ample critiques mounted as far back as the 1960s by June Helm , Michael Moerman , Edmund Leach , and Morton Fried — the military is still stuck on ANTH 101 instead .
Note also the vulgarization , if not underlying racism of the concept of “ wild tribes ” used by the Associated Press ) .
As if the revival of outdated anthropological concepts was not enough , González informed us that some U.S. soldiers refer to Iraq and Afghanistan as “ Indian Country ” and the “ Wild West . ”
That counterinsurgency programs in both of these countries have deliberately sought to conduct colonial “ divide and rule ” strategies , was also discussed in the paper .
( The divide and rule is not just oriented along “ tribal ” or ethnic lines either , I would add , but also along the lines of gender , putting women and girls on the front line against the Taliban in a cynical and extremely dangerous exploitation of gender issues to advance imperialism . )
I especially liked González ’s conclusion , pertinent to our overall efforts at this conference :
Anthropologists might yet play a role in humanizing the human sciences by challenging persistent and damaging assumptions , often taking the form of propaganda perpetuated by the most powerful members of our society : the idea that counterinsurgency is a “ gentler ” form of warfare ; the notion that Iraqis and Afghans are incapable of self - government ( or “ civilized ” behavior ) ; a belief in the inevitability of a “ clash of civilizations ” between the West and the rest ; and the pernicious , stubborn ideology of American exceptionalism .
Provided anthropologists and other social scientists can continue to work independently from government and the military , we can also contribute critical thought , reflection , and action .
Catherine Besteman ’s “ ‘ Beware of Those Bearing Gifts ’ : Anthropology and AFRICOM , ” was also very engaging , and one of the best pieces I have come across that deals with AFRICOM so succinctly , while bringing the discussion around to HTS ( thanks to Montgomery McFate for telegraphing this eventuality in an interview with Charlie Rose ) .
Much of the paper focused on the emergence and construction of AFRICOM as essentially a militarization of what was previously a civilian component of American foreign policy , one that seems driven to create a situation of permanent war in Africa , and one developed with an eye on competition with China for control of the continent ’s natural resources ( we could add , following David Harvey ’s analysis , that the U.S. uses its military to threaten to turn off the taps to natural resources that China ’s industries need , as a form of leverage and to ensure continued lending from China ) .
How might anthropologists get involved with civilian , humanitarian efforts ?
Besteman repeatedly emphasized that there are African civil society organizations , and those are the ones that anthropologists should join , should they be serious in their claims of “ wanting to help . ”
Greg Feldman ’s “ Slaying the Hydra : Challenging the Military ’s “ Cultural Turn ” beyond the Human Terrain , ” was very captivating and sharp .
The two prongs of the paper were , ( 1 ) the unintentional limits of our response to HTS , and , ( 2 ) , the basis of a stronger counterargument to the military ’s “ cultural turn ” , of which HTS is only one manifestation .
First , Feldman warned us of the limitations of a liberal critique of HTS , since it is founded on a liberal claim of wanting to develop cross-cultural understanding to achieve peace , one of the loud selling points used by anthropologists in their very own introductory courses in universities and colleges .
Second , he warns that the defeat of HTS is not the defeat of the cultural turn by the U.S. military establishment , hence the reference to the Hydra .
Most critically , Feldman ended his paper by explaining that the kind of difference desired by the West through multiculturalism and liberal aims of cross-cultural understanding , is a difference emptied of its substance , like wanting coffee without the caffeine , or beer without alcohol :
What Western powers call cultural understanding for the sake of peace is , in fact , a rejection of cultural difference and a violent one at that as it eviscerates the substance out of difference .
Therefore , the argument necessary to undermine the Hydra ’s logic is that liberalism and its multicultural embrace is itself an act of violence precisely because it seeks to eradicate the differences it claims to uphold .
That is why anthropologists cannot support it .
Finally , as I spoke last , my paper titled “ ‘ Useless Anthropology ’ : Strategies for Dealing with the Militarization of the Academy , ” will be presented in full on this blog , in a subsequent posting , along with a copy of a related paper I presented last November .
For now , let me say that the paper very much followed the outline presented in the abstract I submitted :
Useful , objective , and scientific , are again the buzzwords for an anthropology aligned with power , in the service of the national security state , furthering imperial agendas and removing the militarization of the academy beyond the sphere of “ politics ” .
What are strategies and responses that can be envisioned and implemented ?
Possibilities range from changes to the nature and role of ethnography , institutional and individual responses to American hegemony in anthropology , activist research and writing , and collaborations reaching outside the academy .
Ultimately , the key question is how we think about anthropology and its social positioning .
I will end here , for now , leaving the rest of the report from the conference for the next posting .
RM Auctions and Sotheby 's made history yesterday , selling a 1957 Ferrari 250 TR for $ 12,156,252 ( €9,020,000 ) , a new world record for most expensive car to be sold at auction .
As we told you earlier this year , with only 21 Ferrari 250 Testa Rossa with the Scaglietti designed pontoon fender body , chassis no .
0714TR is more rare than the 36 250 GTO 's made .
Add to that the very unique and quite sexy black and red paint , the great history — it was the fourth Ferrari 250 Testa Rossa built , the second customer car and is in absolutely pristine restored condition — and you 've got one hot piece o' auction action .
Sure enough , yesterday when returning to its Maranello birthplace for the auction debut , the ' 57 Ferrari sold for € 9,020,000 ( $ 12.156 Million ) .
That 's € 1,980,000 ( $ 2.668 Million ) more than the previous auction world record set at this same sale last year .
MARANELLO , Italy , May 17 / PRNewswire / — RM
Auctions , in association with Sotheby 's made history at the Ferrari factory in Maranello today as a 1957 Ferrari 250 TR , chassis no .
0714TR sold for € 9,020,000 at the third - annual Ferrari Leggenda e Passione event to set a new world record for the most expensive motor car ever to be sold at auction .
Returning to its Maranello birthplace for its auction debut , the euro 9,020,000 sale price represents euro 1,980,000 more than the previous auction world record which was set at the same sale last year .
" The historical significance of this car attracted a bidding war as collectors from around the world - both in the room and on the telephone - competed to secure one of the most alluring and iconic of all Ferrari racing cars , " said Max Girardo , Managing Director of RM Europe .
" The eyes of the world were watching today 's sale as cars of this quality are so rarely offered to the market .
The rarity and the provenance of the Testa Rossa speaks for itself and the price we achieved today is testament to that .
We are delighted with the result the car achieved today , " he added .
1957 Ferrari 250 TR
300 bhp at 7,200 rpm , 2,953 cc single overhead cam 60 ?
Type 128 LM V - 12 engine , six Weber 38 DCN carburettors , four - speed manual gearbox , unequal A - arms , coil springs , Houdaille hydraulic shock absorbers and anti roll bar front suspension , live axle , semi elliptic leaf springs , Houdaille shock absorbers with four trailing arms rear suspension , four - wheel drum brakes .
Wheelbase : 2,350 mm ( 92.5 in . )
" The result of a race is 50 percent due to the car .
When the car has been made , you are only half way there .
You now have to find a driver and it costs more to train a good racing driver than it does to make a car .
When I decide to take part in a race , I do n't think about my competitors .
I try to do my best , without telling myself ‘ I must beat Mercedes or Maserati ' .
For me the importance of a race is the technical result , that is , whether – given the same course and the same atmospheric conditions – established records have been broken .
If so , progress has been made . "
Enzo Ferrari 's telling insight on his views of motor racing .
In 1957 the Commissione Sportiva Internationale ( CSI ) had been contemplating new rules to make sports car racing safer after the disaster at Le Mans in 1955 and Alfonso de Portago 's crash in the 1957 Mille Miglia , in which he and his co-driver , along with nine spectators were killed .
Despite this appalling accident , Ferrari went on to take The Sports Car Championship at the final round at Caracas .
The team had begun the year with the 3.8 - litre 315 S , which was later developed into the 4.0 - litre 335 S. Ferrari 's mind was already on his next creation – which would be one of his finest .
Anticipating a reduction in capacity for sports cars by the CSI for the 1958 season , Ferrari began working on a car powered by the 2,953 cc , 250 GT , V - 12 engine .
Ferrari first used the name Testarossa on the four - cylinder 500 TR .
The name " red head " was used because the car 's cam covers were painted red .
The new V - 12 car , developed under Carlo Chiti 's engineering team , was intended by Enzo Ferrari as a more powerful version of the four - cylinder car retaining similar handling characteristics and tremendous reliability .
This robustness had been proven on the 250 GT unit with a single overhead camshaft .
Chiti revised the cylinder head design , fitted high compression pistons , special conrods and six Weber twin choke carburettors .
The first prototype , chassis number 0666 , fitted with an envelope body similar to the 290 MM , appeared at the Nürburgring in 1957 and was tried by all the Ferrari works drivers .
Olivier Gendebien set the sixth fastest time , no small feat against the more powerful Aston Martins and sister Ferrari team cars .
The car finished a disappointing tenth , driven by Masten Gregory and Olindo Morolli who was given the drive at the last minute and was somewhat out of his depth .
The second Testarossa prototype , chassis number 0704 , was bodied by Scaglietti and caused a sensation when it appeared at Le Mans .
With its distinctive pontoon fenders , the car was said to be one of Scaglietti's very favourite designs .
Ferrari's coach building artisan explained , " Formula 1 was the inspiration for the shape , there were pods on the sides of the F1 cars , ( Ferrari Lancia D50 ) and while I would n't call them aerodynamic , they went well .
We used a similar idea by designing the body to bring air in towards the brakes to cool them .
In many ways the Ferrari 250 Testarossa was a Formula 1 car with fenders . "
At Le Mans in June 1957 both prototypes suffered problems with new pistons .
0666 failed to start and 0704 retired , having run as high as second place .
In Venezuela , during the final round of the championship , its potential was finally proven .
Wolfgang von Trips and Wolfgang Seidel finished third in 0666 with Maurice Trintignant and Gendebien in fourth with 0704 .
1958 would prove to be the 250 Testarossa 's absolute pinnacle .
The factory cars won four of the six races to secure Ferrari 's third consecutive World Sports Car Championship for Constructors .
Phil Hill and Peter Collins won in Argentina and again at the Sebring 12 - Hours .
Victory at the Targa Florio was taken by Luigi Musso and Gendebien and the 24 Hours of Le Mans was won by Gendebien and Hill .
For 1959 the Testarossa 's bodywork was redesigned by Pinin Farina and built by Fantuzzi , Scaglietti having been sidelined by the increased output of Ferrari road cars .
While the TR59 of Dan Gurney , Chuck Daigh , Hill and Gendebien took victory at Sebring in March there were to be no further wins and Ferrari finished second to Aston Martin in the Championship .
In 1960 Testarossas won at Argentina ( Hill / Gendebien ) and Le Mans ( Gendebien / Paul Frere ) and took the Championship once again .
Although the 330 TRI / LM would win at Le Mans in 1962 with Hill and Gendebien , 1961 was really the car 's swansong as a works entered car .
Hill and Gendebien won at Sebring and Le Mans and Lorenzo Bandini and Giorgio Scarlatti won at Pescaro in the TR61 prototype .
Only 34 250 Testarossas were ever built , although this figure is debatable , as it also includes both prototypes as well as the 330 TRI / LM .
Some were manufactured purely as customer cars .
Many of these would continue racing for years to come , often with great success in national and international competition .
The car presented here , 0714 , is the fourth Ferrari 250 Testarossa built and the second customer car .
Finished in white , it was sold new to Piero Drogo who was then living in Modena .
Although born in Vignale Monferrato , a small town near Alessandria in Piedmont , the Drogo family emigrated to Venezuela .
Drogo raced extensively on the South American continent in sports cars and saloons .
He finished seventh in the 1956 Venezuelan Grand Prix and later returned to Italy where he worked as a mechanic for Stanguellini in Modena .
In 1960 he drove a Cooper Climax in the Italian Grand Prix at Monza , finishing eighth .
In the early sixties he started Carrozzeria Sports Cars .
They produced bodies for the stunning P3 and P4 Ferraris and the square - backed car which became affectionately known as the " Breadvan " .
Ferrari 250 Testarossa chassis number 0714 was immediately modified by Drogo after he bought it .
He added air scoops underneath the doors to help cool the rear brakes .
His first race in the car was the 1958 1000 Kilometres at Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The car was shipped to South America along with a factory car , ready for competition .
Drogo had a trouble - free race in 0714 finishing a highly credible fourth overall with co-driver Sergio Gonzalez .
Drogo's next race in this TR was at the infamous 1958 Cuban Grand Prix in Havana .
Juan Manuel Fangio had been kidnapped by Fidel Castro 's revolutionaries and the race was marred by a terrible accident .
The event was abandoned amidst chaos and Drogo was classified 13th .
0714 was shipped back to Europe and competed in some minor events before being rebuilt and eventually repainted red .
Drogo raced the car for the last time at the XII Circuito Internacional Vila Real in Portugal .
0714 was then sold via Luigi Chinetti to Alan Connell of Fort Worth , Texas in November 1958 .
Piero Drogo was later killed driving his 365 GTC Coupé in 1973 .
He ran into the back of a truck that had broken down in an unlit tunnel near Bologna .
He was 46 years old .
In 1959 , prior to campaigning 0714 , Connell had the car painted black with a very distinctive red nose , in the same style as his Maserati 250S .
Connell raced 0714 extensively across the United States in SCCA National events .
At the Pensacola National he was third overall and second in class .
Fourth overall and second in class at Virginia International Raceway .
Tenth and second in class at Cumberland and at Bridgehampton was seventh and took his first class victory .
Another class victory was achieved at the next race at Elkhart Lake , with fifth overall .
Buckley , Colorado saw a fourth and second in class , a result repeated at Riverside .
At the Riverside Kiwanis GP he was eighth and fourth in class and he finished fourth overall and first in class at Montgomery .
Connell easily won the Class D Modified title in 1959 and he often raced the Testarossa at Regional events .
He was a very capable driver and took an outright victory at Mansfield , Louisiana .
Eventually this fabulous Testarossa was returned to Chinetti's in New York .
The car was rebuilt and sold to Washington , D.C. resident Charlie Hayes .
Hayes dropped a valve at the Thompson National in 1960 but finished second in a Regional at Vineland , New Jersey and fifth at Marlboro , Maryland .
Hayes had the car repainted white at the end of the season and sold it to Carl Haas in Chicago .
It was then purchased by Wayne Burnett who repainted the car red .
Burnett was a journeyman driver and while he competed in nine National events during the 1961 / 62 seasons his best finish was sixth at the Meadowdale National in 1962 .
He fared better in the Regionals finishing second at Wilmot Hills , second at Minneapolis , an outright win at Lawrenceville , Illinois , and a third back at Wilmot Hills .
In 1962 , the original engine 0714 was removed and the dry sump unit from 0770 TR was installed .
Disc brakes were added as well as a clear TR59 type carburettor cover .
Burnett raced the car six times in 1963 , finishing eighth at Elkhart Lake and with Luke Stear co-driving , 12th in the 500 - mile race at the same circuit .
The car was eventually acquired by Robert Dusek of Solebury , Pennsylvania in 1970 and was restored back to its original specification and colour , reunited with engine 0714 .
In 1977 the Testarossa was shown by Dusek at the 14th Annual Ferrari Club of America National meeting at Watkins Glen .
In August 1984 Ferrari 250 Testarossa 0714 was sold to Yoshijuko Hayashi in Japan and in January 1995 was acquired by Yoshiho Matsuda from Tokyo .
The same year Matsuda showed the car at Suzuka at the Forza Ferrari meeting .
Partnered by Oyaizu , this car competed in the Mille Miglia in 1995 and 1996 .
Matsuda also drove it at the Monterey historic races at Laguna Seca in 1996 .
In 1998 the car was back in action at the Neko Historic Automobile Event at Honda 's Twin Ring Motegi Circuit .
It competed again the following year .
Also in 1999 , 0714 was at the tenth anniversary meeting of the Ferrari Club of Japan at Suzuka .
In 2004 the car was shown at The Quail in Carmel Valley and displayed at the Ferrari Club of America Laguna Seca track event .
More recently 0714 has benefitted from a re-spray back to black and red – the same livery in which the car competed in so many races in the 1950s and 1960s .
Furthermore , the car has been overhauled by marque specialists ensuring that it is ready to be enjoyed on rallies or track events in America and Europe .
RM Auctions has had the pleasure of test driving 0714 and confirms that the car performed beautifully .
The steering is light and the throttle response is immediate , giving the driver the feeling that the 12 - cylinder engine is more than willing to power through the revs to the 8000 rpm redline .
The symphony of the powerplant matched with the growl from the megaphone exhausts will make any enthusiast 's hair stand on end .
The reverse lock - out , four - speed all - synchromesh gearbox is very precise and confidence inspiring .
Easier to drive than a Ferrari 250 GTO and perhaps much more rewarding thanks to its more favourable power to weight ratio , 0714 is a truly fantastic racing car .
Not only is the performance breathtaking , but the view over the bonnet when driving is simply one of the best in the world .
It is the fourth of about 34 cars produced and the second customer car built .
Moreover , it is one of only 21 cars to feature the desirable pontoon fenders and as such is considerably rarer than the famed 250 GTO , of which 36 examples were built .
With its Scaglietti bodywork , 0714 is truly stunning – like a great sculpture it begs to be touched .
Its incredible racing history puts the car far beyond most other 250 Testarossas , if such a thing can be said .
This car would be welcomed with open arms to all the great historic race meetings and events around the globe .
As these cars rarely come to market , the Testarossa is one of the most coveted in the marque 's history .
With breathtaking looks , fantastic performance and handling , this is a true connoisseur 's Ferrari .
The W.K. Kellogg Foundation has awarded the Equal Justice Society ( EJS ) a $ 1 million , three - year grant to support the organization ’s ongoing efforts to address structural racial inequities , restore equal protection jurisprudence and help build a public platform – a “ Grand Alliance ” – for the racial justice advocacy movement .
EJS is a national strategy group heightening consciousness on race in the law and popular discourse .
Employing strategies including law and public policy advocacy , cross- disciplinary convenings and strategic public communications , EJS seeks to restore race equity issues to the national consciousness , strengthen progressive alliances , and advance the discourse on the positive role of government .
The Kellogg Foundation grant will enhance EJS ’s capacity in two key areas : improving the understanding and consideration of race in the law to minimize or remove barriers to equal opportunity ; and fostering a “ Grand Alliance ” that encompasses a wide range of individuals , organizations and movements working together to achieve common goals and a collective vision .
“ We are deeply grateful for the Kellogg Foundation ’s generosity and its recognition of our work to move us closer to a society where race is no longer a barrier to opportunity , ” said Eva Paterson , EJS co-founder and president .
“ EJS can now more aggressively pursue initiatives that have a long - term impact on the progressive and racial justice movements . ”
EJS is one of the few institutions with an explicit focus on overturning barriers to implementing the Fourteenth Amendment of the United States Constitution and antidiscrimination legislation .
We are dedicated to redefining the “ Equal Protection ” clause of the Fourteenth Amendment in order to redress and prevent present - day forms of bias and discrimination .
Our legal strategy aims to broaden conceptions of present - day discrimination by redefining the legal understanding of discrimination and how it operates .
Our theory of changing the law relies upon real - life experiences of race and racial discrimination , and is supported by scientific evidence regarding the process and operation of discrimination at multiple levels , including the individual , institutional and structural .
Because contemporary discrimination is frequently structural in nature , unconscious , or hidden beneath alternative excuses for a decision maker ’s behavior ( despite the fact that a tangible harm has resulted from their actions ) , the showing of “ intent , ” as required under current Equal Protection doctrine , becomes a near impossible burden to meet .
Moreover , the notion of proving “ intent ” has started to bleed into areas of law outside equal protection jurisprudence .
In recent years , courts have demanded that plaintiffs prove “ intent ” in education , employment , criminal law and environmental discrimination cases .
Thus , protection against any form of discrimination is under attack as long as the “ intent ” doctrine remains in place .
In developing a progressive vision of the law and of justice , we must acknowledge the interconnectedness between various issues , struggles and constituencies .
This philosophy is the basis of EJS ’s efforts to build a national “ Grand Alliance . ”
A Grand Alliance will create a culture of , and infrastructure for , engaging in cross-silo organizing and strategizing , educating our allies and ourselves – and supporting each other during difficult periods .
Today ’s civil rights movement must coalesce diverse communities and achieve a broad - based advocacy agenda inclusive of issues such as equal opportunity , marriage equality , and progressive immigration reform .
EJS has a proud tradition of reaching out to marginalized communities and advocating on behalf of social justice issues that have not always fallen under the civil rights umbrella .
EJS will continue supporting legal action to overturn California Proposition 8 and strengthen alliances between the African American and LGBT communities .
We will also continue participating in strategic convenings on marriage equality , racial justice , and other intersecting issues .
Likewise , EJS will continue supporting the immigrants ’ rights movement by helping advance a progressive immigrant integration platform as well as strengthen support for immigrants ’ rights from the civil rights , legal , and African American communities .
The Kellogg Foundation grant provides $ 200,000 to be applied in the first two years and $ 600,000 in the third and final year .
The W.K. Kellogg Foundation was established in 1930 .
The organization supports children , families and communities as they strengthen and create conditions that propel vulnerable children to achieve success as individuals and as contributors to the larger community and society .
Grants are concentrated in the United States , Latin America and the Caribbean , and the southern African countries of Botswana , Lesotho , Malawi , Mozambique , South Africa , Swaziland and Zimbabwe .
For further information , please visit the Foundation ’s website at www.wkkf.org.
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
More
LinkedIn
Before you peruse the CEO salary survey , keep in mind the for - profit health industry exists for only one purpose , to generate profits for shareholders .
In order to do so , this industry collects premiums and then it delays and denies medical care -- think you 're insured , think again .
The situation is so bad that doctors are in revolt .
They are sick and tired of fighting the insurers for every treatment , every medication and every test .
Doctor pushes back against insurer scrutiny Monterey physician Bradley Carpentier found himself spending so much time fighting with health insurers to get approvals for the treatments he prescribed for his patients that he decided to wage his own lobbying effort .
Carpentier formed a new political action committee - Stop Practicing Medicine - to target the long - standing practice of insurers hiring doctors to review physician decisions , even though the insurer - hired doctors had never seen or talked to the patient whose care they were scrutinizing .
http://www.sfgate.com/...
From the Washington Post : Karen Ignagni , CEO America 's Health Insurance Plans ( AHIP ) Ignagni's total compensation , according to AHIP 's most recent filing from 2007 , was $ 1.58 million , which includes $ 700,000 in base salary , $ 370,000 in deferred compensation and a bonus .
Ignagni wo n't say how many hours a week she works .
The number 's so high it 's embarrassing , she said .
http://www.washingtonpost.com/...
[ All the following data for the 2008 salary survey is provided by Fiercehealthcare ]
Meet the parasites :
Ron Williams - Aetna Total Compensation : $ 24,300 ,112 Details : Williams earned $ 24,300,112 in total compensation for 2008 , with more than half of that ( $ 13,537,365 ) coming from option awards .
He also received an additional $ 6,456,630 in stock awards to go along with his base salary of $ 1,091,764 .
Personal use of a corporate aircraft and vehicle , as well as financial planning and 401 ( k ) company matches added up to $ 101,487 for Williams .
Parasite
H. Edward Hanway - CIGNA Total Compensation : $ 12,236,740 Details : Hanway took a significant pay cut from 2007 to 2008 , due mainly to a drop off of more than $ 11 million in his non-equity incentive plan compensation .
Still , his base salary of $ 1,142,885 surpasses that of Aetna 's Williams , and is supplemented by just over $ 3.6 million in option awards , and just over $ 820,000 in non-qualified deferred compensation earnings .
Also , nearly $ 21,800 in " other compensation " included the use of a company car with a driver , in - office meals , and emergency assistance services relating to medical exams .
Parasite
Angela Braly - WellPoint Total Compensation : $ 9,844,212 Details : Braly , like Williams , earned more money in 2008 ( $ 9,844,212 ) than in 2007 ( 9,094,271 ) , increasing her option rewards by nearly $ 1.5 million , and also receiving a $ 200,000 - plus bump in base salary , from $ 922,269 to $ 1,135,538 .
Braly 's stock awards dropped from $ 2,160,159 to $ 1,750,015 because , according to the SEC , " performance - based restricted stock units awarded in 2008 were cancelled because our ROE target for 2008 was not met . "
Braly 's " other compensation " comprised use of a private jet for her and her family on business trips , just under $ 10,000 for legal services relating to her employment agreement and cash credits .
Parasite
Dale Wolf - Coventry Health Care Total Compensation : $ 9,047,469
Details :
Wolf is the only CEO on this list who is no longer employed with his associated health plan ; he retired from his position on Jan. 30 of this year after serving in that role since Jan. 1 , 2005 , and was replaced by former CEO Allen Wise .
Wolf , whose total compensation dipped quite a bit from 2007 ( $ 14,869,823 ) to 2008 ( $ 9,047,469 ) , was pleased with the direction the company was headed in at the time of his departure .
" I am proud of what a talented group of people have accomplished over the past 13 years of my association with the company , " Wolf said , " and I am confident that the fundamentals which are in place today will carry the company forward to continued success . "
Wolf carried a base salary of $ 965,000 in 2008 , and earned just over $ 1.9 million in stock awards .
His " other compensation , " which amounted to $ 486,447 , included transportation on the company 's airplane , a company match retirement savings plan and a company match 401 ( k ) plan .
Parasite
Michael Neidorff - Centene Total Compensation : $ 8,774,483
Details : Neidorff , who 's base salary remained at $ 1 million , received increases in both his bonus ( $ 1.25 million , up from $ 1 million ) and his stock awards ( $ 4.7 million , from $ 3.98 million ) in 2008 .
According to the SEC , " Neidorff 's agreement was amended twice in the past twelve months ; ( 1 ) to eliminate the non-compete and non-solicitation requirements if there was a ‘ hostile change in control ' as defined in his agreement and ( 2 ) to add language to the agreement to make it compliant with Internal Revenue Section 409A . "
Neidorff's " other compensation " of just over $ 418,000 comprised of use of the company airplane " for all travel , " life insurance benefits , security services , and tax preparation services , among other things .
Parasite
James Carlson - AMERIGROUP
Total Compensation : $ 5,292,546 Details : Despite a lawsuit regarding Medicaid fraud that cost the Illinois plan $ 225 million , Carlson himself earned roughly $ 2 million more than he did in 2007 .
All aspects of his compensation increased in 2008 , from his base salary ( up from $ 608,000 to just over $ 761,000 ) to his non-equity incentive plan compensation ( up to about $ 2.8 million from $ 1.98 million a year ago ) .
Carlson 's bonus also grew quite a bit , going from $ 225,000 in 2007 to $ 520,312 in 2008 ; much of that amount was based on long term incentive program goals being met .
Carlson 's " other compensation , " which nearly tripled ( going from about $ 7,000 to just over $ 20,000 ) , included his employer 401 ( k ) contribution , life insurance premiums , an executive health screening , flight services and a medical insurance stipend .
Parasite
Michael McCallister - Humana Total Compensation : $ 4,764,309 Details : Despite its pick ups of two smaller health plans ( OSF Health Plans of Peoria , IL and Cos / Cariten Healthcare of Knoxville , TN ) , Humana 's McCallister earned roughly $ 5.5 million less in 2008 than in 2007 .
While his base salary ( $ 1,017,308 ) , option awards ( $ 3,078,897 ) and " other compensation " ( $ 668,104 ) all increased , his non-equity incentive plan compensation and his nonqualified deferred compensation earnings totaled zero dollars .
The latter represents a discontinuation of the Officers ' Target Retirement Plan , according to the SEC .
McCallister 's " other compensation " included personal use of the company aircraft for him , and sometimes his family ; company contributions to the Supplemental Executive Retirement & Savings Plan and the Humana Retirement & Savings Plan ; a once - a - year physical , financial planning assistance , and more .
Parasite
Jay Gellert - Health Net Total Compensation : $ 4,425,355
Details : Gellert , whose company is considering selling off divisions in at least four states , earned nearly $ 740,000 in additional compensation for 2008 .
His overall base salary increased to a little more than $ 1.2 million from about $ 1.18 million in 2007 , and his stock awards also rose ( from about $ 1.4 million to more than $ 1.8 million ) .
Gellert 's " other compensation , " which totaled $ 131,526 , included , but were not limited to , a $ 53,000 housing allowance , a corporate car and tax reimbursements of nearly $ 41,000 .
Parasite
Richard Barasch - Universal American Total Compensation : $ 3,503,702 Details :
After taking a pay cut from 2006 to 2007 , Barasch more than doubled his total compensation for 2008 , jumping up from $ 1,564,293 in 2007 .
Barasch 's base salary jumped up to $ 857,851 from $ 798,340 in 2007 ; his stock and option awards also increased , as did his " other compensation , " which reflected a car allowance , relocation benefits and a matching contribution to his 401( k ) .
Also of note for Barasch was the fact that his non-equity incentive plan compensation earnings totaled $ 1,195,147 ; in 2007 , he did not receive any money in 2007 for such compensation , but took home $ 1.1 million in 2006 .
Parasite
Republican presidential candidate John Kasich this week suggested to a group of Jewish voters in New York that the blood of Jesus Christ was somehow linked to the Old Testament Passover story .
After touring a matzo bakery and a Jewish bookstore in Brooklyn on Tuesday , Kasich delivered a speech on the sidewalk about the importance of Passover , in which Israelites put lambs blood on their door posts as a signal that the Angel of Death should pass over their homes .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s a wonderful , wonderful holiday for our friends in the Jewish community – the Passover , ” Kasich opined , before referencing the blood of Christ .
“ The great link between the blood that was put above the lamp posts , ” he said , seemingly unaware that “ lamp posts ” were not in the Passover story .
“ The blood of the lamb , because Jesus Christ is known as the lamb of God .
It ’s his blood , we believe … ”
At that point , his speech was interrupted by the subway passing overhead on elevated tracks .
“ Somebody ’s not allowing me to give a Bible lesson , ” the candidate joked .
Uriel Heilman of the Jewish Telegraphic Agency recommended on Thursday that Kasich abstain from giving Christian Bible lessons to Jewish voters .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Talking about Christ ’s blood during a visit to Borough Park ?
Oy vey , ” Heilman wrote .
“ Please , somebody , prep this guy Hasidic Jews in Brooklyn want to hear about food stamps , affordable housing , Medicaid .
Ix - nay on the Jesus - nay . ”
Watch the video below .
A Sign of Progress for Thai “ Ladyboys ”
Picture trying to wedge a 51st star into the American flag , and you ’ll get an idea of the task that may soon face sign makers worldwide , thanks to a new policy at a rural high school in Thailand .
Administrators at the Kampang Secondary School , in the northeastern province of Sisaket , recently created a third set of toilets exclusively for the more than 10 percent of students who identify as “ ladyboys , ” or transgender .
The symbol representing them combines a male and female figure .
Tolerance of transsexuals , at least those born as males , is widespread in Thai society .
They maintain a much higher public profile there than in most countries , working in a wide range of jobs .
Likewise , sex - change surgery has become a Thai medical specialty , common and affordable .
The challenge facing Kampang School officials was to spare girl students the embarrassment of sharing their toilets with boys , who in turn did n’t want to share toilets with the regular boys , whom they consider a different breed .
“ These students want to be able to go in peace without fear of being watched , laughed at or groped , ” said Sitisak Sumontha , the school ’s director .
The solution , they decided , was separate - but - equal facilities , marked by a sign whose gender indicator is cut and spliced right down the middle .
The implications could be far - reaching :
If the new hybrid symbol catches on internationally , the set of 50 universal symbols so familiar to us from airports and road signs may have to expand by exactly one .
That could mean boom times for sign makers !
( link 1 2 )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
If you keep any significant amount of your savings in cash , you probably hate the paltry savings rates that are being paid right now .
Even some of the so called " high yield " accounts have rates that most would say are far from " high yield " .
I have kept the majority of my savings account in my ING Direct account for quite a few years .
In fact , I have been a customer of ING Direct since 2002 .
I love ING for a number of reasons and I hate to move my money but I 've decided to make some changes .
I know I can easily find an account that will pay more than the 1.5 % APY ING is currently paying on savings accounts or the .25 % APY on the Electric Orange Account .
I 've decided that I want to deal with one account for checking and savings so I will be opening a " high yield " checking account .
I will still keep my ING account open with a small balance but the majority of my money will be kept in the high yield checking account .
While searching the Internet , I found the website , High Yield Checking Deals , which made my search much easier .
It has a list of banks offering high yield checking deals separated by state .
I found several accounts that would work for me and two accounts particularly caught my eye .
Now , I need help deciding which one I should choose .
I 'll call them Bank 1 and Bank 2 .
Bank 1
3.5 % APY up to $ 25,000 and .50 APY for any amount over $ 25,000
Across the street from my house with several locations in my area
No fees and unlimited ATM refunds
Has been in business since 1951
Bank 2
4.5 % APY up to $ 50,000 , 1.0 % APY for any amount of $ 50,000
2 Branch locations with the closest one 30 miles from my house
No fees and up to $ 15 in ATM refunds
Has been in business since 2007
I know which one I am leaning towards but I want to get a second opinion .
Which one would you choose ?
If you are n't familiar with the high yield checking accounts , they are usually offered by smaller , regional banks and have a certain number of requirements to earn the high rate .
They usually require you to have a direct deposit into the account , consent to receive electronic statements and use your checkcard 10 - 15 times in a month .
If you do n't meet the requirements one month , the accounts are usually still free but you will earn the standard interest rate for that month .
The next month starts the process all over again .
Which account should I choose ?
Do you have a high yield checking account ?
Mr McBride 's messages were described as " juvenile " David Cameron is demanding a personal apology from Prime Minister Gordon Brown over e-mails sent by an adviser discussing smearing the Tories .
The Tory leader is " absolutely furious " and is calling on Mr Brown to give a guarantee that such messages will not be sent again , a spokeswoman said .
Damian McBride quit after his unfounded claims about Mr Cameron and shadow chancellor George Osborne became known .
Cabinet Office minister Liam Byrne says Mr Brown knew nothing of the e-mails .
But Labour backbencher John McDonnell has called for an inquiry to find out who was involved .
' Smear tactics '
Mr McDonnell called on Mr Brown to act decisively by launching an independent inquiry into who was involved .
" Smear tactics like this are not the Labour way , " he said .
" They drag the Labour Party into the gutter .
They just add further to the undermining of the belief that Labour Party supporters have placed in our party . "
A Number 10 spokesman said no - one else in Downing Street knew about the " juvenile and inappropriate " messages .
The e-mails were originally sent in January to former government spin doctor Derek Draper , who runs the LabourList blog and was proposing to set up Red Rag , a new gossip - led site .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
However , they came to the attention of Paul Staines , author of the " anti-politics " Guido Fawkes blog , who revealed their existence .
Shadow foreign secretary William Hague demanded an apology from the prime minister , plus an investigation .
He also called for an assurance that neither Damian McBride nor Derek Draper would work for the government or the Labour Party again .
" This has been a deeply disturbing revelation about the corrupting culture of spin which is still at the heart of Downing Street , " he told the BBC .
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling claimed the e-mails demonstrated a " structured plan " to publish " blatant lies " about opposition MPs .
" It 's a sign of something absolutely rotten at the heart of Gordon Brown 's Downing Street , " he told BBC News .
There is tangible anger in some quarters of the party - concern that the publication of the e-mail extracts smears Labour in general
Laura Kuenssberg
BBC political correspondent
Departure of Brown 's spin doctor " This is an exceptionally serious matter and he needs to explain immediately what happened .
" The real question now is - was [ Mr McBride ] the only person involved in all of this ? "
Cabinet Office minister Tom Watson was also alleged to have been copied in on the e-mails .
However , Mr Watson said he had known nothing of the " completely inappropriate " messages and had no involvement in discussions to create the Red Rag site .
' Gossipy '
" The first I was aware of the e-mail conversation that led to Damian McBride 's resignation was when these were made known to Downing Street by national newspapers who had been given them by Paul Staines , " he said .
Mr Byrne also dismissed suggestions of an orchestrated smear campaign .
" This was one private e-mail exchange between a couple of friends who were knocking backwards and forwards ideas , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Mr McBride , having scribbled this stuff , decided that the right place for it was the waste basket , " he added .
Mr Staines has refused to reveal how the messages found their way to him , despite complaints from Mr Draper that they were private .
Mr McBride described the first claim as a ' ' solid investigative story ' ' , but the other three as ' ' mainly gossipy , and intended to destabilise the Tories " .
He added : '' Let 's think about how to sequence these in with others ' ' - a suggestion that a longer - term plan to place stories was being hatched .
Claims were also made against the Tory backbencher Nadine Dorries , who says she is consulting lawyers and wants a personal apology from the Prime Minister .
Mr Draper has apologised to those mentioned in the e-mails and admitted " we should never really have considered the idea and I am sorry we did " .
" All I can do is absolutely promise that these stories were just daft ideas that never - and would never have - got off the drawing board , " he wrote on his blog .
He called on fellow bloggers to " commit to a new start " by avoiding personal attacks .
Alastair Campbell , Tony Blair 's former spin doctor , wrote in his blog that he had been struck not just by the " unpleasantness " of the emails , but also by their " incompetence " .
" McBride will be thinking that was his big mistake - writing it all down .
His really big mistake was thinking it might be effective , " Mr Campbell added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A Jewish film - maker has handed back a prestigious award from the Edinburgh International Film Festival in an ugly spat with the British director Ken Loach .
Gary Sinyor , who won a Charles Chaplin Award at the EIFF for his Jewish comedy Leon the Pig Farmer , said he wanted nothing more to do with the festival after accusing it of caving in to Mr Loach 's anti-Israeli views .
The row began after the festival accepted a £ 300 donation from the Israeli embassy to pay for a film studies graduate of Tel Aviv University to attend the premiere of her short movie Surrogate at the festival in Scotland next month .
But the sponsorship raised the hackles of Loach , who backed a boycott unless the money was returned forcing the EIFF to find alternative ways to fund Tali Shalom - Ezer 's trip .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Now the row has flared up again .
In an article for The Independent , Sinyor brands Loach " an extremist " , a " blackmailer " and a " hypocrite " for raising objections over the source of funding .
He also accuses film festival organisers of " rolling over " , saying : " Why on earth did the EIFF take his ( Loach 's ) views into account ? "
He said : " Today I am writing to the Edinburgh Film Festival and asking for my name to be taken off their records .
I am removing Winner , Best British Film , Edinburgh 1992 , from my CV .
If I could cut the award in half and send it back , I would . "
Sinyor saved his most damning indictment for Loach .
" Ken Loach took it upon himself publicly to endorse the boycott of the entire Edinburgh Film Festival to make his views doubly clear ...
It 's a shame that Ken feels particularly strong about not having anything to do with Israel or Israeli money .
It 's a shame because clearly some Israelis obviously like Ken . "
Yesterday , Loach remained intransigent , saying : " I do n't respond to personal attacks .
I would urge Gary Sinyor and others to look at the facts of the boycott . "
He also sent The Independent a copy of his open letter , written to Ms Shalom - Ezer , explaining why he objected to her source of funding , which said : " To be crystal clear , as a film - maker , you will receive a warm welcome in Edinburgh .
You are not censored or rejected .
The opposition was to the festival 's taking money from the Israeli state . "
In a blog , Tali Shalom - Ezer , aged 31 , was quoted as saying : " Generalising all citizens of Israel as warmongers and racists is racism and outrageous , and as members of the peace camp we are personally hurt by it . "
Iain Smith , chair of EIFF , said he had launched a review .
" I apologise sincerely for the distress .
Clearly we did n't appreciate enough that our festival cannot keep itself entirely detached from serious geopolitical issues , " he said .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - CIA interrogators used the waterboarding technique on Khalid Sheik Mohammed , the admitted planner of the September 11 attacks , 183 times and 83 times on another al Qaeda suspect , The New York Times said on Sunday .
The Times said a 2005 Justice Department memorandum showed that Abu Zubaydah , the first prisoner questioned in the CIA ’s overseas detention program in August 2002 , was waterboarded 83 times , although a former CIA officer had told news media he had been subjected to only 35 seconds underwater before talking .
President Barack Obama has banned the use of waterboarding , overturning a Bush administration policy that it did not constitute torture .
The Justice Department memo said the simulated drowning technique was used on Mohammed 183 times in March 2003 .
The Times said some copies of the memos appeared to have the number of waterboardings redacted while others did not .
The Senate Intelligence Committee is investigating the CIA interrogation program , which under President George W. Bush also included slamming prisoners into walls , shackling them in uncomfortable positions and depriving them of sleep .
Bush administration officials had claimed such methods were needed to get information but the repeated use of the waterboard on Zubaydah and Mohammed were sure to raise questions about its effectiveness .
Advertisements
CNBC Mad Money host Jim Cramer just wo n’t let his disastrous appearance on The Daily Show go .
It has now been over a month and Cramer is still giving interviews claiming that Stewart set him up and was trying to get him fired .
Cramer told the Ohio State University Newspaper The Lantern that Stewart set him up , “ It was a complete and utter ambush .
He told my staff that it was going to be fun , convivial , no clips , but [ it ] does n’t matter , he ’s a comedian , he can do whatever he wants . ”
The CNBC host contends that the interview was n’t fair , “ Was it a fair fight ?
No , it was n’t even a fight .
I came on with the idea of taking a high road approach and discussing the issues , obviously [ Stewart ] came on strictly to try to humiliate me .
It was brutal .
Was he stand - up ?
Absolutely not .
Did he comport himself as a gentleman ?
Hardly .
It was a deposition ; he wants to be a prosecutor . ”
Advertisements
He also said that Stewart was trying to get him fired , “ He had an animus toward me .
At the conclusion of the interview , not on the mic , he said , ‘ I picked the wrong guy , I ’m sorry , ’ but that ’s not gonna get out there .
He just said it to me as just a throwaway .
His goal was just to humiliate and destroy me and probably get me fired , and last I looked , I still have a show . ”
Cramer also accused Stewart of using selective editing , “ It was a 20 minute interview , he picked the worst eight minutes to make me look as horrible as possible .
It ’s his show , he can do whatever he wants .
If he comes on my show , it ’ll be a fair discussion , but he ’s not gonna come on my show , because he ’s all about his [ ratings ] numbers . ”
The only person still talking about this is Jim Cramer , who really needs to let it go .
I have a piece of bad news for Cramer .
His excuse about the use of selective editing does n’t hold water because Comedy Central made the whole interview available , and Cramer did n’t look any better than what was shown on television .
I find it hard to believe that Cramer was ambushed .
He is the expert .
Even if he was caught off guard , he still should have had enough knowledge to out duel Stewart .
Cramer needs to either do another show with Stewart , or stop talking about this .
The more he reminds people of his terrible performance , the worse it looks for him .
Archbishop says pending report to show Irish priests abused ' thousands ' of children Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday April 9 , 2009
Print This Email This At a Thursday mass in Dublin 's Pro-Cathedral , an Irish Archbishop shocked his congregation , which included numerous priests , by exclaiming that a forthcoming investigative report will reveal that over three decades , Irish Catholic priests have abused " thousands " of children .
" [ The report ] will make us and the entire church a humbler church , " he said .
" The archbishop said the report , compiled by the Dublin Archdiocese Commission of Investigation , is expected to show that ' thousands of children or young people across Ireland were abused by priests in the period under investigation and the horror of that abuse was not recognized for what it is , ' " reported the Associated Press .
" The government - appointed commission was set up to investigate abuses within the Dublin archdiocese in 2006 , the same year the diocese admitted that up to 102 of its priests were suspected of abusing children .
The report is studying how complaints of child sexual abuse were handled . "
" Martin is seen as a reformer sent in by the Vatican to clean up a church rocked by a decade and a half of scandals , " reported the Guardian .
" One of the most notorious , in the mid-1990s , involved priest Brendan Smyth and indirectly led to the collapse of Albert Reynolds 's government .
" Accusations that the Irish attorney general 's office blocked moves to extradite Smyth to Northern Ireland led to the Irish Labour party pulling out of coalition with Reynolds 's Fianna Fáil and the government falling . "
" The Archdiocese of Dublin is facing challenges of a kind that it has not experienced for many years , " he said , according to the Press Association .
" Archbishop of Dublin Diarmuid Martin warned that a massive investigation of parishes in the Irish capital will find children were subjected to horrific attacks between 1975 and 2004 , " the group reported .
According to the BBC , " In 1999 , the then Irish prime minister Bertie Ahern delivered an unprecedented apology to the victims on behalf of the state .
" He also set up the commission to report on abuse allegations in institutions such as schools , orphanages , hospitals and children 's homes that were funded by the state , but were mainly run by Catholic religious orders .
" Some of the allegations date back to the 1930s . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
As scientists improve on our ability to detect extrasolar planets and launch new observatories like the Kepler , the collection of exoplanets continues to rise .
But , so far , we have n't been able to say a whole lot about them , other than their apparent mass and distance from the host star .
That 's slowly beginning to change , as today 's issue of Nature contains a report of the first observation of phases in an extrasolar planet .
And although this discovery could be expected , other research suggests that the techniques involved may ultimately help future instruments identify oceans on distant planets .
The recent discovery was made using the European Space Agency 's orbiting CoRoT observatory , which couples a small telescope to a wide - field camera .
That camera can observe thousands of stars at once , and CoRoT began picking up transiting planets very shortly after it became operational back in 2007 .
The new data is based on continual observation of one of its own discoveries , CoRoT - 1b , which belongs to a class of planets called " hot Jupiters . "
These are gas giants that orbit close in to their host star , and tend to be one of the easiest things to detect .
In this case , researchers performed 55 days of near - continuous observations , enough to follow 36 orbits of CoRoT - 1b .
( For anyone concerned that we were wasting time staring at something we already knew was there , rest assured that CoRoT was able to keep a digital eye on 12,000 or so other stars at the same time . )
Filtering out the noise and averaging out the data from multiple transits , the researchers were able to extract a general trend in the light coming from CoRoT - 1b as it completed each orbit cycle : the light tended to peak shortly before the planet was eclipsed while traveling behind its host star , and reached a minimum as it came closest to transiting before the star .
The trend could be explained fairly simply , as it's one well recognized from planets within the solar system , or our own moon .
They were seeing the phases of CoRoT - 1b .
Earth 's moon waxes and wanes as a different fraction of the portion facing us is lit directly by sunlight .
The same behavior provided a nice fit for the data on CoRoT - 1b .
Knowing this and something about the residual emissions that occurred as less and less light was reflected , the authors were able to draw some reasonable inferences about the albedo , or reflectivity , of the planet 's surface .
This did n't involve the sort of chemistry that might get astrobiologists excited , as the atmosphere appears to contain things like vaporized titanium and vanadium oxides , but measuring the albedo is a major step forward when it comes to describing extrasolar planets .
The significance of this advance is actually driven home by another paper , wihch will eventually appear in a future release of The Astrophysical Journal ( there 's an arXiv version available ) .
The authors took advantage of NASA 's Deep Impact probe , which travelled a decent way across the solar system to stage an informative collision with comet Tempel1 .
While off in the distance , it took the opportunity to image earth ; it 's obviously far closer than an exoplanet , but its imaging instruments are nowhere near as sophisticated as dedicated telescopes .
As such , Deep Impact gathered a reasonable approximation of the sort of data that might be produced by future space - based observatories .
That data revealed that the rotation of the earth produced regular variations in the albedo , variations that accounted for up to 30 percent of the total light reflected from the planet .
By separating out the wavelengths most affected by these changes , the authors were able to make a map of the planet , one that roughly corresponds to the distribution of land and ocean across the planet 's surface .
Combined , the two results suggest that we are edging closer to knowing how to learn a lot more about extrasolar planets .
Nature , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08045
Listing image by Leiden Observatory
The situation in Georgia appears to be deteriorating rapidly .
Last month the Georgian opposition parties began street protests in an effort to force President Mikhail Saakashvili to resign .
Since April 9 massive rallies by opposition supporters failed to compel Saakashvili to yield , and the number of demonstrators steadily decreased .
Western diplomats repeatedly urged the Georgian opposition to begin a political dialogue with the authorities , but without any results , as the radical opposition continued to demand Saakashvili ’s unconditional resignation ( www.civil.ge, April 28 ) .
The stand - off continued without any serious violence until this week , when the Georgian authorities announced that they had thwarted a military coup .
The Georgian Interior Ministry said that those involved in the plot had received money from Russia and were planning to disrupt the NATO military exercises , which began in Georgia on May 6 ( Novosti - Gruzia , May 5 ) .
The mutiny occurred at a tank base at Mukhrovani - some 30 kilometers east of the capital Tbilisi .
The rebels at Mukhrovani were surrounded by Interior Ministry Special units , with army artillery and armor , and Saakashvili arrived at the scene in a theatrical showdown - giving the rebels one hour to surrender , which they did without firing a shot .
The rebel officers were arrested , while privates were disarmed .
Saakashvili specifically praised the Georgian army artillery officers , who in his words not only surrounded the rebels with guns , but were also prepared to open fire and that their dedication facilitated the early capitulation ( www.civil.ge, May 6 ) .
Before the surrender , the Mukhrovani tank battalion commander issued a statement , supporting the anti-Saakashvili opposition .
Russian officials quoted by RIA Novosti , dismissed the Georgian allegations of involvement in the alleged coup as a diversionary tactic to ease opposition pressure on the government , while a Kremlin official said the Georgian leader " needs to see a doctor . "
The radical Georgian opposition used similar language , calling the mutiny a " theatrical show " staged by Saakashvili ( RIA Novosti , May 5 ) .
However , it is clear that the Georgian Interior Ministry counter - intelligence was for some time closely monitoring the alleged coup plotters , and had its informers within their ranks .
But it is also clear that the tank battalion revolt , involving hundreds of soldiers , does not seem to have been a staged event .
Moscow was already known to have been seeking ways to penetrate the Georgian military to recruit agents that could help establish a pro-Russian regime in Tbilisi .
Last August in Poti , one week after Moscow accepted a French - brokered ceasefire , Russian soldiers took around 20 Georgian troops prisoner and commandeered U.S. Army Humvees that were awaiting shipment back to the United States following antiterrorist exercises with Georgian troops in July 2008 .
The deputy chief of Russia ’s General Staff , General Anatoly Nogovitsyn announced that the U.S. Army Humvees were " military trophies " and that the Russian military were investigating the Humvees ’ " very interesting " electronic equipment ( Interfax , August 26 ) .
The Georgian soldiers captured in Poti were handed back in exchange for the release of General Roman Dumbadze , who in 2004 as commander of Georgian army brigade in Batumi openly supported the pro-Russian separatist leadership in the autonomous republic of Ajara against the Saakashvili government .
In 2006 , Dumbadze was sentenced to 17 years in prison for treason by a Georgian court ( Interfax , August 28 ) .
Aslan Abashidze - the warlord that ruled Ajara from 1992 to 2004 - is in exile in Moscow together with Dumbadze and other pro-Russian Georgian exiles that could be used in the future to form a military - backed pro-Russian government .
Despite repeated American protests , the Russian military did not return the Humvees .
The Georgian Interior Ministry announced that the alleged coup plotters were conspiring to bring Abashidze back to Georgia ( www.civil.ge, May 5 ) .
After the abortive military coup fizzled out , the Georgian opposition provoked clashes with police on May 6 , by attempting to storm the police department headquarters in Tbilisi to free three activists , who were arrested a day before for allegedly assaulting a government TV journalist .
The clash left over 20 protesters and six police officers injured .
Further sporadic clashes were reported from Tbilisi and consequently any peaceful political reconciliation between the authorities and opposition seemed increasingly distant ( Novosti - Gruzia , Interfax , May 7 ) .
With the internal military rebellion thwarted the outcome of a possible violent clash between the government and the radical opposition may be decided by Russia , which might choose to become militarily involved .
Since mid-April Russian forces were poised on the ceasefire line in South Ossetia and Abkhazia as well as its marines on landing ships offshore in the Black Sea for a possible intervention ( EDM , April 16 ) .
The troops and tanks are deployed for immediate action , but have been waiting , apparently for events in Georgia to unravel , provoking violence and destabilization .
Moscow has angrily denounced the NATO peacekeeping exercises in Georgia as a " provocation " ( EDM , April 23 ) .
Last week Russian Federal Security Service ( FSB ) border guards were rushed from the North Caucasus to take up positions on the ceasefire line that Russia has unilaterally declared to be the new border ( Interfax , April 30 ) .
Now any possible shooting incident on the ceasefire line will directly involve Russian soldiers , and can be used as a pretext for a new military invasion .
What would Darwin have made of the frogodile , the cabbit and the pealiot ?
In the photographic equivalent of natural selection , an online competition has evolved these fantasy hybrids
MemphisRap.com has learned that on Monday , May 4th , former drug kingpin “ Freeway ” Ricky Ross will be released from prison , just one day after his Wikipedia listed birthday ( May 3 , which may be inaccurate ) , for being convicted of overseeing one of the nation ’s largest multi-state drug operations which was based out of Los Angeles in the early 1980’s .
At the height of the former drug kingpin ’s career , Ricky Ross earned a reported $ 2 million dollars per day .
After being on the run from L.A.P.D. who set up a sting operation to bring him down ( The Freeway Taskforce ) , Ricky Ross finally turned himself in , weeks after a rogue police officer attempted to set him up and murder the former drug kingpin in an alley .
Sentenced in 1996 to serve life in jail after trying to purchase over 100 kilos of cocaine from a former cocaine distributor , who was working for the CIA ( unknowingly to Ross ) , Ricky Ross ’s sentence was later reduced through appeals and after a series of controversial articles by the late Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Gary Webb in the San Jose Mercury News exposed the C.I.A. ’s alleged role in importing cocaine into black communities to fund Sandinistas in El Salvador that made Ross an even more popular subject of controversy .
The series would later turn into the best - selling book , “ Dark Alliance ” that exposed the deep and dark secrets of the CIA ’s roles in the importation of cocaine into the US spurring a crack cocaine epidemic .
Now after over a decade in prison , upon Ricky Ross ’ release from prison in Texas on May 4th , Ross will be leaving the prison walls and will be followed by a film crew across country to a halfway house in California where Ross will interact with , and impact youth in juvenile detention centers .
Afterward , Ross plans to focus on pitching a new book and film deal , lauching a new record label in conjunction with industry legend Wendy Day , working on a foundation to help innercity youth at risk , a new reality TV show , and a new social networking site , www.FreewayEnterprise.com that Ross actually built while incarcerated .
The Real Ricky Ross
We admit we were n’t expecting anything this exciting from the latest American Apparel e-mail touting “ Exciting New Styles , ” but how wrong we were to underestimate the sexually charged company .
After clicking through images of floral swimwear and men’s bow ties , it all looked like standard hipster protocol .
But , suddenly , amid the photos of new merch , we clicked open a JPEG to reveal a thrilling new addition to the American Apparel line : assless tights .
The tights appear to be the same pantyhose the store has been selling for a while now , except this special style reveals your bum .
Classy !
The tights are still in production , so you ca n’t run out and buy a pair just yet .
But we wonder if , come August , all the girls in Williamsburg will take to the streets cheeks out .
What ’s next , Dov? Crotchless bodysuits ?
And with that lovely image in our heads , we ’ll be spending the weekend as proper fashion gals should : breaking out our best nauticals and drinking prosecco .
See you guys on Tuesday .
The browser and the desktop are melding .
Web applications like Facebook or Twitter used to be primarily browser - based , but more and more products such as Tweetdeck and Seesmic Desktop are bringing that functionality off - browser .
Firefox though , can do a lot more .
Mozilla has released version 1.0 of the Prism Firefox extension .
It 's a Firefox extension that allows you to transform web applications into desktop ones .
According to CNET , the new update adds auto - update support , the ability to clear private data , a new API for developers , and best of all , tray icons with notifications .
To use Prism , you need to go to the Tools menu on Firefox and select " convert to web application " for the website you 're on , i.e. YouTube or Gmail .
You can create desktop shortcuts and tray icons to reach your app .
Prism also comes as a stand - alone application , which just allows you to create web apps from the desktop .
Prism is a very cool extension that we hope becomes a standard part of Firefox soon .
The tray icon updates are especially nice .
It makes using social media even easier .
More importantly , it is a testament as to how far web applications have come .
If you want to learn more , just check out the video Mozilla recently released on how to create a Prism app :
I did a rebinding project for an institutional client , The University of Missouri Special Collections , and thought I would share a little of the process ( with the permission of the client ) .
This is not intended to be a formal instruction of the process , and my descriptions use common terms rather than more accurate technical terms .
The book was a copy of Ovid 's Metamorphoses printed in Venice and dated 1518 , and had been rebound sometime in the early 19th century , from the looks of it .
The sewing structure of the book was breaking down , the covers were badly worn and detached , the pages in good condition overall .
In discussion with the client , we elected to rebind the book in a Limp Vellum Binding appropriate to the period and location .
This would help to present the book in a more appropriate format , and would actually make reading it much easier , as it would open more completely .
In keeping with the simplicity of the style , and since we had no original cover to work from , there would be no tooling or decoration of the cover .
Here is a brief series of images and descriptions from the project ( click on each photo for a larger version ) :
First , I removed the 19th century covers , cleaned the spine of old adhesive , and dis- assembled the book .
Then I created strips of alum - tawed pigskin of the appropriate length , and put a single slit in the middle of each through which the sewing could be done using linen thread .
As the strips were stiff and free - standing , there was no need to support them in a sewing frame as would be done with cord .
Sewing progressed using the original sewing stations ( where the holes were poked in the folios ) until completed .
New endpapers were sewn on , using an archival quality paper .
I selected a neutral grey paper for two reasons - it would clearly indicate that it was separate from the original paper for future reference , and the edges of those sections would match the discolored edges of the rest of the text block .
Then the text block was secured , and given a light application of PVA - Methyl cellulose mix along the spine .
A thin layer of kozo was applied to help support the sections and stabilize the text block .
Once this was dry , another light application of PVA - Methyl cellulose mix along the spine , then some strips of thin handmade flax paper was applied , which came up onto the first folio of the of the end sections .
These liners would serve the purpose of helping to support the text block 's mechanical mounting to the cover .
One of the interesting things about the Limp Vellum Binding is that the cover is mounted mechanically to the text block , without the use of any adhesive .
This allows the cover to move more naturally , and accepts the normal changes in the shape of the vellum as environmental conditions change .
It is generally agreed that this is what has allowed these structures to hold up so well over the centuries .
Notice the strips of alum - tawed pigskin standing up in the last photo .
These would be the primary means of attaching the cover to the text block .
Once the sewing was done , I constructed a small paper model to refresh my memory of how the binding would work .
Then I took careful measurements of the binding , and constructed a full - scale mock - up of the cover in paper .
This allowed me to make sure I had thought through all the issues about how the vellum would need to be cut and folded properly .
Since the sheet of vellum cost over $ 200 , I wanted to make sure I did n't make any errors in this .
Once I was satisfied that I had everything worked out with the paper mock - up , I cut the vellum to size ( about 25 " x 27 " ) and started laying out the positions of folds , cuts , and slots in light pencil .
Once this was done , and double checked , I started cutting the vellum as necessary to create the folds , turn-ins , and slots .
In order to minimize the risk of the vellum tearing at the start of any cuts , I used a small screw - punch to make a 1.2 mm hole at the start and finish of any cuts or slots .
First , I made the folds for the head and tail of the book , with slits to allow for the spine joint .
This is seen with the hinge fold from the outside of the cover .
Then I carefully positioned the text block , and took measurements to indicate where the strips of alum - tawed pig would come through the vellum at the spine and go back through at the hinge .
Slots were cut to accommodate the pigskin at these locations .
Once all the slots were ready , I positioned the text block , tucked the first and last folio into the cover , made a small slit through the folio at each slot location , and started ' lacing in ' the strips of pigskin .
The strips of pigskin come out , through the vellum from the spine to the hinge , then back inside and are tucked under the vellum turn - in so as to be hidden .
Once all of this was completed , and the text block securely mounted to the cover , I noted the position of the fore - edge of the text block relative to the protruding cover .
The client wanted a Yapp - style fore - edge ( where the vellum extends out about a half inch , with a slight downward fold to protect the text block ) .
I made the necessary folds , removed a rectangle of excess material , and positioned the location of the slit needed to hold the turn - in at the fore - edge in place .
Ball and chain to force children to study
Parents struggling to get their kids to revise in the run-up to exams can now keep them at their desk using a ball and chain that only unlocks when they have studied for long enough .
Far from being prosperous , our America is now being buffeted by the worst financial tsunami in generations .
All of us want to know what happened .
What really caused this unbelievable turbulence ?
To answer this , why not turn to the teachings of my late professor , Ludwig von Mises , the greatest economic analyst of the past century ?
In the early 1920s , Mises predicted that the newly organized Soviet Union had set up an unviable economic system that would not be able to survive .
Mises based his death verdict ( made in his book , Socialism , shortly after the Russian Revolution ) on the principle that a society cannot rely on political committees to set market prices as the commissars were trying to do ; only the freely demonstrated choices of the market can produce functioning prices .
All artificial prices are unworkable ; they cannot tell the central planners which goods are expensive and which are cheap , so it would be impossible for them to organize production in an efficient way .
Without real prices , there could be no economization .
Mises was derided for this analysis , even to the end of his life .
But Mises was right , and history has approved his verdict , although he passed away without receiving due accolades .
Even posthumously  when the Russian monster collapsed in 1989  recognition of his genius was scant .
For this reason I consider myself justified in naming him as the greatest analyst ever .
A Flood of New Money
Although Mises is no longer with us to comment on our present debacle , we know which economic principles ( truths ) he relied on , and it is certainly apropos to raise the question , what would Mises say about the present crisis ?
The scene is muddied by so many diverse factors  the low and then high rates of interest , the proliferation of mortgages that could never be paid off , the delirious purchase of those leveraged investments by the banking system , the overzealous federal promotion of home ownership and bailouts  but his reply would be clear as day .
The true cause of the economic instability is what he labeled inflationism .
By this he meant the unlimited creation of new money on the part of governments  fiat money without any backing whatsoever .
The modern conviction is that our economic system is inherently unstable and that banking authorities must continually create more and more money out of nothing in order to maintain a prosperous economy .
And this is certainly what our present monetary chiefs have been doing  to the extent of magically producing 9 trillion newly hatched dollars since the crisis began , with no end in sight !
They have made the world awash with liquidity .
This is a violation of the basic principle that Mises held to be indispensable for a sound monetary system : you must never increase the existing amount of money .
The prevailing quantity of money is uniquely adjusted to the actual availability of goods and services .
Augmenting or reducing the number of dollars in circulation only creates distortions in the economy .
It causes prices and costs to rise , destroys the meaning of the accounting ledgers , creates all sorts of bubbles in the prices of stocks and of housing , and ( even now ) of government bonds .
It turns new “ investments ” into nothing but the destruction of capital .
Inflationism , Mises held , has always been the worst of all social evils .
This fact has gone unnoticed by historians , who dedicate their studies to rulers and wars and discoveries , but have never realized the impoverishing effects of debasing money ( in the metallic period ) or , similarly , of multiplying the monetary units ( in our international financial system ) , causing each unit to lose its prior value .
It is the avalanche of new dollars ( in some years growing by as much as ten percent , and now , with the new recovery packages , at an exponential rate yet to be determined ) that has produced and sustains without remedy the mess that we are in .
Were it not for this flood of new money , the prices of housing could never have risen to unsustainable heights , the securitized mortgages would not have multiplied , and our financial institutions would not have been gluttonously attracted to them .
It was the unlimited creation of new cash that was the cause of all these disasters , and it provided both governments and institutions the temptation to distort and disrupt reality .
But what is astounding is that the remedy proposed by our ignorant politicians is the flush of unbounded new liquidity that they are creating for renewing reserves , multiplying bailouts , sustaining the overpriced mortgages , and on and on .
This excess has been pushed by two presidents and almost unanimously promoted by a Democratic congress .
Liquidity was the cause of the crisis , and now excess liquidity is presented as its solution !
For this reason the crisis cannot possibly end in the short run .
The remedy proposed is worsening things all over , and assures us that we will never get back to a sound and prosperous economy as long as we defy monetary sobriety .
The very life of our dollar is at stake .
That would be Mises ’s message today .
The quantity of money must never be increased .
The Interest Rate : Breaking the Levees
Another fundamental cause of all this mischief , Mises would instruct us , is the reckless rollercoaster tampering with the rate of interest  made low in the 1990s , raised five times in 2000 , lowered down nearly to zero with 12 reductions in 2001 , and held there until the fear of inflation raised it in 2004 .
Our monetary gatekeepers consider the interest rate a tool ( or better , a toy ) at their disposal , to be raised whenever there is fear of impending price rises ( what they commonly mislabel as inflation ) and to be lowered when there is danger of recession .
It is not that the Fed really raises or lowers interest rates or tampers with the scale of risk that the different levels of interest rate reflect .
It has no power or means to do that .
What the Fed does is to set a “ target ” rate for the securest type of loans ( those from one bank to another ) , and then adjust the creation of new money to secure this goal .
When the Fed wants to expand or restrain economic activity , more or less new money is created , respectively .
But there is always new money in the works .
Interest is commonly considered something like a monetary faucet to be opened wide to pump the economy and to be shut off when prices get out of hand .
But interest is not a monetary toy , as Mises has told us .
It is not a price that can be adjusted at will .
Rather , interest is meant to be a measure of the real savings accumulated at any one moment in the economy .
Interest is high when the economy embarks on a spending spree and savings are reduced ( as has been the case in recent years ) .
Interest is low when consumption is reduced and savings are being generated to fuel new investment .
The interest rate is like a semaphore , telling the investor whether to promote more current consumer goods as people are spending more and the interest rate is high , or , when the interest rate is low , to transfer resources to new investments that will develop more and better products for future , not present , consumption .
Thus the interest rate is not monetary but temporal : a ratio representing the tradeoff between current and future consumption .
This Misesian idea is entirely alien to the would - be managers of the American economy .
The Fed was holding rates as near to zero as it could while America was on a spending spree  with negative savings to boot  when it should have let the market raise them to new heights .
This gave our entrepreneurs a false green light to pursue investments in multiple new projects like home building , generous mortgage lending , securitized packages , and whatnot .
The true rate of interest is the levee that holds back unsound investments .
The levee was broken and the hurricane of inflated money washed out the economy .
The wild consumption and even wilder investment ( well leveraged with debt ) surpassed the ability of our limited resources to satisfy this hyperdemand , and thus made inevitable the rise in prices .
This rise then burdened all the new investments with higher operating costs that became so unmanageable that firms began to fail , the hallmark of a recession .
There was no more economizing .
We were trying to do everything at once , spending beyond our means , without the accumulated savings required to safely finance all this activity .
Now , with the recession in full swing , we should be tightening our belts and reducing our expenditures .
But what are our leaders doing ?
Reducing interest rates again as close to zero as they can , and washing us with money in order to “ stimulate ” everything in sight .
The sky is , once again , the projected limit .
We must resurrect the economy  with yet more reckless buying and investing .
The worst thing that the Fed does is to distort the vital semaphore of the economy , making it red when it should show green and vice versa .
The near - zero rate will be fatal to any possible chance of an early recovery .
It should be high until the rate of savings justifies a lower rate .
We can thank the good Lord that the country , on its own  and not due to the master plans of Washington  has begun to buy less and save more .
This new source of savings will tend to offset the annulment of the interest rate .
But it wo n’t be enough to hold back the continuous reflooding of the economy with unbacked fiat dollars .
No relief is in sight , as Mises would tell us .
Ca n’t Someone Do Something !
The authorities , however , insist that it is their solemn duty to ward off all this downturn negativity .
They must reduce the threat of unemployment and ward off the effects of home foreclosures .
Through bailouts , they must rescue once - prestigious beacons of capitalist enterprise and repurchase all the overbloated securities .
All of this , of course , demands the creation of trillions and more  infinite new money and infinite new debt .
We have an activist government : nothing passive can be tolerated .
Do n’t stand there , they are all saying .
Do something !
We are told on all sides that the government and the central bank must act immediately and forcibly .
And it could be that the trillions in proposed remedies might not be sufficient to force an upturn in the economy .
We must do something drastic .
The response must be unprecedentedly virile .
Both our presidents have been buttressed by the nearly unanimous verdict of the Democratic portion of the Congress , by all of the Nobel - winning supereconomists , and by a united press .
In unison , they all are insisting that we ca n’t be timid ; we must act boldly .
All our reserves must be committed at once .
No experiment must be left untried .
What would our mentor , Mises , the lone voice predicting the fall of the Soviet economy , tell us now ?
He warned us not to augment the supply of money and not to tamper with the rate of interest .
Here again , we find him , almost alone in the world , although many new and saner voices are day - by - day echoing Mises .
His resounding reply : do nothing .
Tell the government to stay out of the picture and let the chips fall where they may .
Let the folks in the market take care of restoring the economy .
That means no more fiat money , much higher interest rates , no more bailouts , rescues , bolstering of prices , purchasing or creating make - work .
Do nothing .
Period .
When economic affairs are left to the judgment of the ordinary participants in the economy , things tend rapidly to straighten themselves out .
We saw this in a striking manner when the American people , confronted with an unprecedented rise in the price of gasoline , merely decided , spontaneously , to park their cars ; the price of fuel quickly fell to seemingly bargain prices .
When Lehman Brothers failed last September , the government abstained from interfering , and foreign companies rapidly bought up what was good in Lehman ’s assets .
There are millions of good thinkers in the market , and there will always be someone there to save the day .
Does it make sense to bail out companies that have wantonly invested in overpriced and overextended mortgages ?
Their leaders have wasted the scarce capital entrusted to them .
Leveraging their mortgage purchases with substantial increments of colossal corporate debt ; they have betrayed not only their stockholders but also the entire economy , the rest of us , who had entrusted them with the creation of enriching and safe investment projects .
These traitors must not be artificially propped up , forgiven , and even rewarded .
Bankruptcy is the only sensible route to oust them .
It will force down the prices of their remaining good assets , and new entrepreneurs will promptly appear to buy them up at bargain prices and get the companies going again at modest cost .
Of course , there will always be unavoidable suffering involved , especially on the part of the employees who must temporarily be displaced , but the pains will be minimized by the rapid resolution of the problem through the forces of the market .
Then why should anyone be buying up all the overbloated assets at their bubble values ?
That is ridiculous .
It only serves to perpetuate the phoniness of a phony economy .
All prices must be allowed to sink , as rapidly as economic gravity can suck them down , to the value that the market would normally assign them .
We ca n’t have a livable economy with houses that cost hundreds of thousands of dollars .
Who would be able to afford them ?
Only reasonable prices can survive in the market .
Moreover , it is inherently unjust to create liquidity to rescue those who have behaved with total disdain for prudence , those who issued or contracted mortgages without healthy foresight , those who overextended their credit to buy all sorts of surplus stuff .
They are the very ones who have contributed to the general malaise .
If some credit agencies are failing , let them go bankrupt .
Other entrepreneurs would get together the new capital needed to replace them .
This would promote greater prudence in the future .
The opponents of the market deride this solution , saying that it smacks of laissez - faire .
But was it not the exaggerated intromission of both the central bank and the Congress in promoting liquidity , massive home ownership , unrestrained interest rates , etc. , that got us here in the first place ?
Prosperity will never come from experiments that violate common sense , experience , and the norms of sound economic theory , especially when such experiments are wilder than ever before .
On the contrary , if we follow the Misesian wisdom and the government not be allowed to upset the applecart , the market will shortly make the crisis fade away .
Otherwise , who knows how long it will take for prosperity to return ?
March 26 , 2009
The Best of Joseph Keckeissen
the Government 's £ 200 m mortgage rescue scheme has helped just one household stave off repossession in its first three months of operation , official figures have revealed .
The slow progress in rolling out the measure , which was launched in January amid claims it would help 6,000 families , comes amid criticisms that the Government has failed to follow through on other plans to help people in financial trouble .
Repossessions are set to soar by 35,000 this year , according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders , putting the total number of reclaimed homes at a 12 - year high of 75,000 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Sarah Teather , housing spokesman for the Liberal Democrats , said the project 's slow start would come as a major blow to tens of thousands of families at risk of losing their home .
" This is an appalling failure by a Government that is more interested in headline - grabbing than in helping families through the economic crisis , " she said .
Grant Shapps , the shadow housing minister , said the failure to reach households was evidence of a " punch drunk " Government suffering from weak leadership .
" There have been a bewildering array of housing announcements , but some are helping no one , " he said .
" There are hard - pressed people who were relying on schemes like this to help them through .
At this rate , we 'll have eight families helped over two years , rather than 6,000 families . "
The scheme , which enables homeowners that find themselves in trouble to sell part or their entire home to a housing association , was given an extra £ 85 m by the Chancellor , Alistair Darling , in the Budget .
The Government 's Homeowner Mortgage Support Scheme , which gives people help with mortgage interest payments , has also been criticised .
It only became available to some householders this month , despite being unveiled in December .
A spokesman for the Communities department defended the performance of the repossessions scheme , arguing it had always warned it would take around three months for payments to begin reaching families .
A further 450 applications are currently being considered .
Calling it a " successful start " , the spokesman added that more households had sought and received guidance .
Today , I entered the bathroom to discover that my brother had left semen and filthy water all over the floor and counter .
I confronted him and demanded that he clean it up .
My parents heard , sighed , and sent me back into the bathroom to clean it up myself .
The towel was soaked too .
FML
Jiong Permutations
by John Pasden in language
The 囧 ( jiǒng ) phenomenon has been around for a while now , and I ’m starting to see more and more permutations of it .
Here are a few examples .
From an online Chinese ad :
From TofuBrain‘s Flickr page :
From a local shop :
What have you seen ?
Flickr updates :
This photo by 强悍的兔子 .
Rabbit has many permutations :
Also , these two examples of 囧 showing up in the character 明…
… are explained by this comic [ large size ] :
The comic says that the character 明 actually derives , not from 日 and 月 as is commonly taught , but from 囧 and 月 .
This etymology seems to confirm it .
So one of the earliest character etymologies we learn ( sun + moon = bright ) is either a lie , or actually just a bit more ambiguous than we were led to believe ?
Interesting !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Share
Info -stealing malware discovered on their Windows - based ATM systems
Experts suspect insider attack ...
Brad Friedman Byon 3/21/2009 , 10:37 pm PT
From bit-tech.net :
According to anti-virus provider Sophos – via ITWire – code has been discovered for a piece of malware that targets automated teller machines from US manufacturer Diebold , better known for its range of voting machines
The code for the software uses undocumented features to create a virtual ' skimmer ' which is capable of recording card details and personal identification numbers without the user 's knowledge , which suggests that the creator had access to the source code for the ATM .
While this does n't directly point to an inside job , the possibility certainly can't be ruled out .
Sophos believes that the code was intended to be pre-installed by an insider at the factory ...
ITWire explains : " It appears to be an inside job , as it uses undocumented functions of the ATM software and appears to use the printer .
This suggests the people behind the malware have access to the Diebold software " .
" Undocumented functions " just like those found on Diebold voting machines , naturally .
And " access to the Diebold software " such as that gained by either a company insider , or someone who happened to find the source - code for Diebold 's voting machine software just left by the company , available for download by anyone , on an unprotected Internet site ...
A follow - up from SC Magazine offers more details and Diebold has confirmed --- in a letter [ PDF ] issued along with a security update sent to " Dear Valued Customer " --- that a " physical break - in ... affected a number of Diebold automated teller machines ( ATMs ) in Russia " .
Those machines were their " Windows ® - based ATMs " .
Not unlike their " Windows - based " voting machines .
In the letter , Diebold also writes , presumably with a straight face [ emphasis added ] : " This latest offense against Diebold ATMs is another example of the growing level of sophistication and aggression involving ATM - related crime .
Security is one of Diebold 's absolute priorities and our engineers are working constantly to address emerging ATM security threats . "
Seriously , can't somebody finally put this horrible company out of America 's ( and the world 's ) misery ?!
Recently related :
Not as recently , but still related :
That 's not all , of course .
We got a million of 'em .
But we 'll spare you for now .
" Security is one of Diebold 's absolute priorities . "
Indeed .
( Hat -tip " TH " )
• Expert joins attack on TV guru savaged by Jon Stewart • Tipster has proclaimed the downturn is already ' over '
Wall Street 's favourite jester has fallen foul of the prophet of doom .
A tense feud has broken out between the outspoken tele­vision stockpicker Jim Cramer and the notoriously gloomy economist Nouriel Roubini .
Roubini , a New York University professor who famously forecast a dire world recession as far back as 2006 , has taken exception to remarks on a blog by Cramer that he is " intoxicated " with his own " prescience and vision " and is refusing to see green shoots of recovery in the financial markets .
" Cramer is a buffoon , " said Roubini .
" He was one of those who called six times in a row for this bear market rally to be a bull market rally and he got it wrong . "
The confrontation pits two of the financial world 's biggest egos against each other .
While Roubini has won plaudits for correctly predicting that the credit crunch would cause a domino effect around the world , Cramer has long been a cheerleader for mass participation in the stockmarket .
Cramer 's CNBC show , Mad Money , has come under repeated attack in recent months for its bullish enthusiasm in a highly volatile environment .
The comedian Jon Stewart recently roasted Cramer and the broader financial media for missing warning signs of a " once in a lifetime financial tsunami " .
Roubini , who believes the situation is so gloomy that leading US banks may need to be nationalised , was dismissive of Cramer : " After all this mess and Jon Stewart , he should just shut up because he has no shame . "
Speaking to the Associated Press ahead of a speaking engagement in Toronto , the economist continued : " He 's not a credible analyst .
Every time it was a bear market rally he said it was the beginning of a bull , and he got it wrong . "
With his catchphrase " boo - ya " and a variety of colourful props , Cramer , 54 , is a household name in the US .
A former hedge fund manager , he casts himself as a self - made man who was once so impoverished that he had to sleep in his car .
He took prolonged flak last year for telling viewers that Bear Stearns was " not in trouble " just a week before the 85 - year - old investment bank collapsed – a remark which , he insists , was misinterpreted and taken out of context .
But Cramer has continued to attack doom - mongers , recently referring to Roubini and the Nobel prize - winning economist Paul Krugman as part of a " nationalisation jihad " for their advocacy of public intervention in the financial sector .
Last week , Cramer told his viewers that the recent 20 % rally in Wall Street markets was sufficient to judge that the downturn was past its worst : " Right now , right here , on this show – I am announcing the depression [ is ] over ! "
( CNN ) -- Rivers are the arteries of our infrastructure .
Flowing from highlands to the sea , they breathe life into ecosystems and communities .
A levee breach in the Sacramento - San Joaquin River System could have dire effects , a new report says .
But many rivers in the United States are in trouble .
Rivers in Alaska , California and the South are among the 10 most endangered , according to a report released Tuesday by American Rivers , a leading river conservation group .
The annual report uses data from thousands of rivers groups , local governments , environmental organizations and citizen watchdogs to identify waterways under imminent threat by dams , industry or development .
" Our nation is at a transformational moment when it comes to rivers and clean water , " said Rebecca Wodder , president of American Rivers .
" Water is life , yet our nation 's water infrastructure is so outdated that our clean drinking water , flood protection and river health face unprecedented threats . "
American Rivers has released its annual endangered rivers report since 1986 .
The report is not a list of the nation 's most polluted waterways , but highlights 10 rivers facing decisions in the coming year that could determine their future .
Here is American Rivers ' Most Endangered Rivers list for 2009 :
1 ) Sacramento - San Joaquin River System
Location : California
Outdated water and flood management puts California 's largest watershed at the top of America 's most endangered rivers list for 2009 .
A recent breach in the delta's 1,100 - mile levee system could have dire effects on surrounding ecosystems , farming and agriculture , commercial fishing and California 's civil infrastructure .
State and federal authorities are looking at alternative water - management strategies for the river system , which serves 25 million Californians and more than 5 million acres of farmland .
2 ) Flint River
Location : Georgia
The Flint is one of 40 rivers nationwide that still flow undammed for more than 200 miles .
Conservationists say that dams proposed by Georgia lawmakers would bury more than 50 river miles , destroy fishing and boating opportunities and cost taxpayers millions of dollars .
The American Rivers group believes that fixing the state 's leaky pipes , using water meters and minimizing water waste would be a cheaper and more cost - effective alternative .
3 ) Lower Snake River
Location : Idaho , Washington , Oregon
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has built four dams to irrigate and generate energy for the Northwest , but these dams also prevent salmon and steelhead trout from reaching their spawning areas .
Every year , those dams kill as many as 90 percent of juvenile salmon and steelhead trout that migrate downstream to the ocean .
Conservationists say that removing the dams would eliminate a growing flood threat in Lewiston , Idaho , and create an opportunity to modernize the region 's transportation and energy systems .
4 ) Mattawoman Creek
Location : Maryland
A highway development project here jeopardizes one of the Chesapeake Bay 's few remaining healthy streams .
The project threatens clean water sources , thousands of acres of forests and wetlands , and an internationally - renowned , multimillion - dollar largemouth bass fishery .
5 ) North Fork of the Flathead River
Location : Montana
A proposed coal - mining project across the Canadian border puts Montana 's North Fork of the Flathead River in jeopardy .
An estimated 50,000 acres of the Flathead headwaters could be transformed into an industrial gas field .
The projects threaten the river 's clean water , local agriculture , fish and wildlife and recreational industries such as rafting , camping , fishing and boating .
American Rivers and its partners have called on local Canadian governments and the U.S. State Department to work together to halt these projects .
6 ) Saluda River
Location : South Carolina
Excess levels of sewage waste threaten the drinking water of more than 500,000 South Carolina residents , conservationists say .
Sewage in the river increases phosphorous and algae levels , depletes oxygen , and kills fish and other aquatic life .
American Rivers is asking the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control to improve sewage - treatment standards and ensure the river reduces its phosphorous levels by 25 to 50 percent .
7 ) Laurel Hill Creek
Location : Pennsylvania
Known for its fishing , swimming and kayaking , this popular vacation spot faces threats from a bottling plant and tourism - related development .
Without adequate planning and safeguards , withdrawals will continue to exceed the creek 's reasonable capacity , putting recreation , the local water supply , and fish and wildlife in jeopardy .
8 ) Beaver Creek
Location : Alaska
One of the nation 's last wild rivers faces extinction if an oil - and gas - development project constructs 600 miles of roads and pipelines , airstrips , drilling pads , and gravel mines along the creek .
Alaska native communities depend on the area for subsistence hunting and fishing .
It 's also a popular destination for anglers , boaters , skiers and hunters .
9 ) Pascagoula River
Location : Mississippi
The U.S. Department of Energy wants to hollow out natural salt domes 30 miles northwest of the Pascagoula to create a storage area for up to 160 million barrels of oil .
A pipeline 330 miles in length would be constructed to withdraw water from the Pascagoula to dissolve the salt domes and distribute oil to and from the site .
The DOE predicts 18 oil spills and 75 spills of salty , polluted water during the construction and initial fill of the hollowed domes , damaging rivers , streams , and wetlands in the basin , conservationists say .
10 ) Lower St. Croix National Scenic Riverway
Location : Minnesota , Wisconsin
Rezoning of a 26 - mile stretch of the river 's state - protected section would allow for the construction of a major development on the riverfront .
American Rivers believes the development could lead to land erosion along the river and more storm run-off while harming the region 's biodiversity .
" Being named as one of America 's most endangered rivers is not an end for the river , but rather a beginning , " said Wodder .
Through the collaborative efforts of citizens and local , state and national governments , a number of waterways from past American Rivers ' endangered lists have been preserved .
" With the listing comes a national spotlight and action from thousands of citizens across the country , " Wodder said .
" These 10 rivers have a chance to be reborn and to serve as models for other rivers all across America . "
All About Clean Water Policy
G20 , day one is for discussions , day two is for decisions .
On a global perspective the market seems optimistic that something positive will come of this gathering that Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s been disputed by violent protesting in London .
Yesterday , we had nearly every nation taking a swipe at each other in an underhanded manner .
If nothing else , it was a good photo op for some !
It seems a forgone conclusion that Trichet and Co. will slash rates by 50 bp to 1 % this morning , but will they follow down the path of quantitative easing ?
I expect they will not announce anything of that nature but will reiterate that they will provide as much liquidity for as long as it is needed .
The US $ is mixed in the O/N trading session .
Currently it is higher against 9 of the 16 most actively traded currencies , in a Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœwhippyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ trading range .
Not a good sign that ADP employment fell more than expected in Mar. ( - 742 k ) .
This has pushed consensus for tomorrowÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s NFP to - 700 k , but certainly leaves the window open for a much higher number .
The Challenger job cuts also surged over +180 % , y/y last month all on the back of a labor market continuing to deteriorate coupled with a weaker economy .
Analysts now predict that the unemployment rate will advance 4 - ticks to + 8.5 % .
Digging deeper one noticeÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s that small and medium - sized firms led the decline , shedding - 284 k and - 330 k workers , respectively , while larger firms cut a further - 128 k .
The service - sector lost a further - 415 k workers while the goods - producing sector cut - 327 k workers , with manufacturing accounting for most of the decline at - 206 k .
Construction employment also fell - 118 k as the housing sector continues to deteriorate .
A nice surprise was to see that ISM manufacturing index climbed a 3rd- consecutive month .
Since Dec.Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s low of 32.9 the index at 36.3 is once again approaching break even .
Proof that the pace of deterioration is slowing , however the manufacturing sector continues to contract at a good clip and one can expect this to be the norm for the medium term .
Inventories the curse of this recession remains high and need to be worked off before production can increase again .
New orders were the winner in Mar. rising to 41.2 , with new export orders rising to 39.0 .
A surprise was to see employment move up 2 points ( the 1st significant increase in nearly a year ) .
However it has a long way to go yet !
US pending sales of existing homes raised a few eyebrows and a sigh of relief from some investors .
The signing of contracts unexpectedly advanced in Feb . ( + 2.1 % vs. - 7.7 % ) , perhaps proof that the housing slump , now in its 4th - year may be bottoming out .
One can only assume that foreclosure have driven prices so low , coupled with lower mortgage rates has enticed more buyers and help trim the property glut .
We just need this to be maintained .
The USD $ currently is lower against the EUR +0.17 % , GBP +0.68 % and higher against CHF - 0.02 % and JPY - 0.44 % .
The commodity currencies are stronger this morning , CAD +0.48 % and AUD +0.66 % .
Yesterday , the loonie continued to swim up stream as plummeting commodity prices dissuade investors to own the currency .
With the auto industry perhaps going into bankruptcy protection will have an adverse effect on Canadian employment and manufacturing .
The potential of any Canadian auto operation being closed will only heighten Canadian economic slowdown .
GDP data already this week ( - 0.7 % for Jan ) virtually confirms that this 1st Q will probably be the worst in 50 - years and provide ammo for BOC governor Carney to slash the benchmark O/N rate again by another 25 bp later in the month ( 50 bp ) .
With monetary policy muted , it will force Carney to use non- conventional policies in the shape of quantitative easing .
Due to the uncertain outcome of G20 events , look for investors to want to buy USD on any pull backs at the moment .
The AUD gained some traction last night for a number of reasons , global optimism , higher equities and commodity prices , but more importantly it advanced after its trade surplus ( +1.5 b vs. +$ 0.7 b , m / m ) widened which added to optimism that the worst of the world recession may be ending .
Australians will receive further economic stimulus in next monthÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s budget ( 0.6900 ) .
Crude is higher in the O/N session ( $ 49.82 up +143c ) .
Yesterday we saw that ample supply of crude continued to weigh heavily on the market .
Crude prices fell after the weekly EIA report showed that US stock levels rose to a 15 - year high as this global recession continues to curb demand .
It was the 23rd gain in 27 - weeks .
Inventories climbed + 2.84 m barrels to +359.4 m last week vs. an expected increase of +3 m .
More surprising was gas supplies , which unexpectedly rose by +2.23 m barrels to +216.8 m w/w. Global economic reports cannot even provide support , demand destruction continues to gain momentum .
However , optimism about a positive G20 outcome has reversed most of yesterdayÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s losses in the O/N session .
Crude prices have tumbled nearly 13 % since the middle of last week , but remain 7 % higher this Q after Geithner unveiled a plan to remove Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœtoxic assetsÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ from banks .
OPEC realizes that Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœdemand remains slack and it is unlikely to reach $ 55 - 60 a barrel this yearÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢.
Fundamental data has been very bearish and warrants a further weakening of prices as demand destruction remains buoyant .
Another bearish report that will certainly put OPEC and future production cuts back onto the dealing table when they meet next month .
Gold was little changed yesterday ahead of todayÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s G20 meeting .
Speculators remain concerned about the value of the USD .
For now one should expect the Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœyellow metalÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ to remain better bid on deeper pullbacks as the fear of inflation occurring on the back of the FedÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s plans to buy debt ( $ 921 ) .
The G - 20 is expected to ask the IMF to make proposals to use proceeds from planned gold sales to support poorer nations this week , this could cap gold prices however !
The Nikkei closed 8,719 up +367 .
The DAX index in Europe was at 4,277 up + 146 ; the FTSE ( UK ) currently is 4,057 up +102 .
The early call for the open of key US indices is higher .
The 10 - year TreasuryÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s eased 1 bp yesterday ( 2.69 % ) and are little changed in the O/N session .
Treasury prices remain better bid on pull backs as the 4th - outright purchase of debt by the Fed yesterday ( $ 6 b of 2 Ã ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s and 3 - year product ) is helping to lower borrowing costs .
All this occurred despite a positive equity market that received support from both the US housing and manufacturing data yesterday .
Currently deeper recession fears is doing battle with US debt sales which are expected to triple this year to a record of $ 2.5t .
There will come a time when no - one will need supply any more !
This article is for general information purposes only .
It is not investment advice or a solution to buy or sell securities .
Opinions are the authors ; not necessarily that of OANDA Corporation or any of its affiliates , subsidiaries , officers or directors .
Leveraged trading is high risk and not suitable for all .
You could lose all of your deposited funds .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - U.S. carbonated soft drink volume fell 3 percent in 2008 , the biggest drop since at least the early 1980s , according to industry publication Beverage Digest , as Americans cut back on small treats during the recession .
Coca -Cola bottles spin around at the exit to the World of Coca - Cola in Atlanta , Georgia , February 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Tami Chappell
Volume fell to about 9.6 billion cases , the lowest level since 1997 .
Last year ’s decline follows a 2.3 percent dip in 2007 .
Volume fell less than 1 percent in 2006 and 2005 after rising for several years .
Energy drinks and some diet drinks sold well while most brands , including regular Coke and Pepsi , saw volume fall .
The three largest U.S. soft drink makers -- Coca - Cola Co , PepsiCo and Dr Pepper Snapple -- saw their carbonated soft drink volume decline in 2008 , according to the Beverage Digest report , which tracks sales of carbonated soft drinks and energy drinks .
Volume fell 3.1 percent at Coca - Cola , 4 percent at PepsiCo and 1.3 percent at Dr Pepper Snapple .
Including drinks such as bottled water and sports drinks , volume fell 1.6 percent at Coca - Cola , 5 percent at PepsiCo and 2.3 percent at Dr Pepper Snapple .
Those figures do not include juice or juice drinks .
Smaller companies that make lower - prices sodas and popular energy drinks saw their volume rise .
National Beverage Corp , Hansen Natural , Red Bull and Big Red were the only four companies in the Beverage Digest ranking of the top 10 companies that posted higher volume in 2008 .
Coke , the No. 1 soft drink , saw volume decline 2.5 percent , while rival Pepsi -Cola ’s volume plunged 6.5 percent .
Diet Coke ’s volume fell 3 percent and Diet Pepsi ’s volume dropped 7.5 percent .
Despite the lower volume , the retail dollar value of the U.S. carbonated soft - drink business rose about 1 percent to $ 72.7 billion , as consumers continued to buy energy drinks , which command premium prices , and manufacturers raised prices .
Brands that posted gains included PepsiCo ’s Diet Mt. Dew , whose volume grew 4 percent , and Diet Dr Pepper , whose volume rose 2.3 percent .
Smaller brands posted more rapid growth , with Coke Zero jumping 36 percent and Pepsi Max up 25 percent .
Beverage Digest estimated per capita consumption fell to about 760 eight - ounce servings , down from about 790 eight - ounce servings in 2007 .
While consumption has fallen over the past few years , the United States still has the highest per capita consumption of soft drinks in the world , the publication said .
In afternoon trading shares of Coca - Cola were down 3.1 percent , shares of PepsiCo were down 1.8 percent and shares of Dr Pepper Snapple were down 2.6 percent .
By Andrew Breitbart - May 4 , 2009
Here we go again .
The latest poster conservative for political - correctness - run - amok in a country careening downhill on left - wing , Democratic cruise control is Republican congresswoman Virginia Foxx .
Mrs. Foxx 's impropriety :
The thought crime of arguing against " hate crime " laws by pointing out that Matthew Shepard - the tragic icon attached to the legislation - represents a salient argument against enacting them .
Mr. Shepard , the gay Wyoming teenager robbed and savagely beaten to death by drug - addled thugs in 1998 , is the emotionally charged posthumous force behind the movement to pass hate crime laws .
He got that way after a relentless , decadelong mainstream media , Madison Avenue and Hollywood propaganda campaign to make his death a symbol of just - beneath - the - surface sadistic intolerance toward homosexuals .
Three films , a documentary , a play and songs by Melissa Etheridge , Tori Amos and Elton John have made the gay - martyr case a high truth of pop culture .
The thematically related " Boys Don't Cry " and " Brokeback Mountain " reinforced the narrative that gays like Mr. Shepard are regularly isolated for cruel and unusual attacks .
But the congresswoman is not buying the Hollywood hype .
" The hate crimes bill was named for [ Shepard ] , but it 's really a hoax that continues to be used as an excuse for passing these bills , " Mrs . Foxx said on the House floor last week .
Immediately , Democrats sought out their unapologetic allies in the media to force Mrs .
Foxx into a perfunctory , skin - saving apology .
" The term ' hoax ' was a poor choice of words used in the discussion of the hate crimes bill , " she said .
" Referencing these media accounts may have been a mistake , but if so , it was a mistake based on what I believed were reliable accounts . "
Even though she had the facts to make a strong case , Mrs. Foxx apologized .
She realized that the PC media cabal had another sucker conservative in its cross -hairs .
Yet apologies are never enough as the Democrat Media Complex trotted out Mr. Shepard 's mother , Judy , to make sure that no one else can raise an objection to the controversial legislation .
Mrs. Foxx has been " apologizing for semantics , but not her sentiment , her insensitivity or her ignorance , " Mrs. Shepard told MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow .
" Everyone knew Matthew 's murder was a hate crime , but it could n't be prosecuted as a hate crime .
We could n't call it a hate crime .
Getting this bill passed in the House brings gay rights up to the level of equality . "
Judy Shepard like other tragic symbols Cindy Sheehan , the Jersey Widows and Max Cleland are trotted out by Democrats to make their arguments not with facts and reason but with the threat that if you disagree with them , you will be publicly shamed as a " hater . "
This pathetic strategy works as Mrs. Foxx 's instant apology illustrates .
While the basic facts of the Shepard case are accepted and the culprits are in prison for life , the motivation for the crime - as with most crimes - is not easily decipherable .
But in 2004 , ABC News stumbled upon a story that raised some doubt about the cut - and - dry narrative that 's been relentlessly pushed by the identity - politics obsessed .
Elizabeth Vargas interviewed murderers Aaron McKinney and Russell Henderson along with the cast of characters involved with the case .
Mrs. Vargas appeared on " The O'Reilly Factor " to summarize her story :
" The prosecutor who prosecuted these crimes says that he never believed it was a hate crime .
He believes it was a drug crime .
Aaron McKinney , according to Aaron McKinney himself and to several other witnesses , was coming down from a five - day methamphetamine binge .
He freely admits he not only used methamphetamine but dealt them , sold them .
Five days up with no sleep , strung out on drugs , desperate to buy more , desperate to rob somebody to get money to buy more drugs .
This was the motive , according to Aaron McKinney and the other witnesses . "
One need n't bring in medical experts to explain that a five - day drug binge is not good on the body , mind and soul .
Meth - fueled violent crime is a sad cliche of modern American life , yet hate crime advocates who use Mr. Shepard as their ultimate weapon want to overlook the obvious and insist on arguing the unprovable .
When the case that is used to make the case for hate crime law is so fundamentally weak , what does it say about the law 's very premise ?
No one will ever know exactly why Matthew Shepard was killed .
It 's too bad that most of his advocates are against the death penalty .
Because McKinney and Henderson deserve a fate worse than life behind bars .
Mrs. Foxx joins me and gay journalist Andrew Sullivan as public figures who refuse to accept the Shepard mythology .
We choose not to impugn Mr. Shepard 's memory or grant his murderers committed a " hate crime , " when it can not be proved .
The left will not accept this because it is built around divisive identity politics .
It dismisses " E Pluribus Unum , " America 's formerly helpful marketing slogan , and promotes strategies that ensure the fault lines of ethnicity , gender and sexual orientation are exploitable for political gain .
On college campuses , in newsrooms and now in the highest corridors of power , with Barack Obama in the Oval Office , the politically correct left is wielding its weaponry with the confidence that it can take down any group , anyone or anything .
The thought police are now officially in charge .
The real hate crime these days is the Orwellian intimidation wielded by the left against those that do n't think the way they do .
It 's worse than waterboarding .
HARARE , Zimbabwe , March 20 ( UPI ) -- Zimbabwean Finance Minister Tendai Biti told members of Parliament the country 's currency was essentially dead .
" The death of the ( Zimbabwean ) dollar is a reality we have to live with , " he said during a 2009 budget presentation .
" Since October 2008 , our national currency has become moribund , "
Advertisement
Along with his remarks , Biti announced " the removal of all foreign currency surrender requirements , " New Ziana reported Friday .
Previously , Zimbabwe 's central bank required currency traders to pay 5 percent of their gross earnings at the Zimbabwe dollar 's exchange rate .
Inflation in Zimbabwe hit what has been called a " hyperinflation " rate , officially posted as 231 million percent , essentially wiping out the currency 's value .
Javascript is a loosely typed language .
That means a variable x may now hold a number , two lines down a string and another ten lines down an HTML element .
What might be confusing is that Javascript often converts types automatically .
The rules behind automatic type convertion sometimes are – well , surprisingly abnormal .
Did you know that
" 0 " == false
evaluates to true and why ?
Programmers from other languages such as Java often find dynamic typing challenging , and therefore try to twist Javascript to help avoid typing problems like that :
function is String ( obj ) { return typeof ( obj ) == ' string ' ; } function isNumber ( obj ) { return typeof ( obj ) == ' number ' ; } function is Boolean ( obj ) { return typeof ( obj ) == ' boolean ' ; } function isFunction ( obj ) { return typeof ( obj ) == ' function ' ; } function is Object ( obj ) { return typeof ( obj ) == ' object ' || isFunction ( obj ) ; } function isArray ( obj ) { return is Object ( obj ) && obj instanceof Array ; } function isDate ( obj ) { return is Object ( obj ) && obj instanceof Date ; } function is Error ( obj ) { return is Object ( obj ) && obj instanceof Error ; } function is Undefined ( obj ) { return typeof ( obj ) == ' undefined ' ; } function is Null ( obj ) { return obj === null ; } function is None ( obj ) { return is Undefined ( obj ) || isNull ( obj ) ; } function is Set ( obj ) { return !
isNone ( obj ) ; } function is True ( obj ) { return is Set ( obj ) && !! obj ; } function is False ( obj ) { return is Set ( obj ) && ! obj ; }
That ’s a real life example .
I think it ’s a pity .
Though it might help in the first hand , it hinders the developer to truely master the language and the benefits that come with dynamic typing .
There are four important aspects involved with dynamic typing , which I will cover in a series of articles .
The first ( the one you are reading ) includes the basics :
What types does Javascript have and what are the general rules of type convertion .
The second is about automatic type convertion .
When and how does automatic type convertion occur ?
Sometimes you need to explicitly convert a type to another .
The third part will cover the most suitable ways to do so .
Finally we consider ways of type detection .
For some types that ’s easy , for others it spells disaster .
Types in Javascript – The basics
There are five primitive types in Javascript and there are objects .
The primitive types are undefined , null , boolean , number , and string .
Objects include ( but are not limited to ) Array , Function , and Date .
The type undefined has exactly one value : undefined .
It is used when a variable has not been assigned a value .
var a ; // typeof a is " undefined "
The type null has exactly one value as well : null .
It is mostly used to represent a non-existent reference .
var b = document.getElementById(" thisIdIsNotWithinTheDocument " ) ; // b is null
We slowly increase the number of values .
The type boolean has to values : true and false .
var c = true ; var d = ! c ; // false
Now there is a huge step in values .
There are 18437736874454810627 possible values for the number type .
Numbers in Javascript are represented by double - precision 64 - bits according to IEEE 754 .
Take a moment and think about it .
You know what I mean ?
There are no integers in javascript !
Though integers between - 231 and 231 – 1 are represented exactly in Javascript they still are floating point numbers , not integers .
In addition , there are three special values : NaN , which stands for “ not a number ” ( though still it is a number ) , positive Infinity and negative Infinity .
var e = 42 ; var f = e / 0 ; // f now is Infinity
As a footnote I want to add that there are two zeros in Javascript .
You rarely will encounter a situation where that matters .
I have yet to make that experience .
A string in Javascript is a primitive in contrast to e.g. Java .
Thus you compare two strings by the equality operator === , you do not need an equals function .
Every character is represented by a 16 - bit unsigned integer value , therefore unicode characters with codepoint 65536 and above cannot be used in Javascript .
var g = " hello world " ;
Everything else is an object .
For type convertion it does not matter which kind of an object you have .
Mostly .
I will cover the details in the coming sections .
Conversion
Some statements in javascript and many operators expect values of a specific type .
The if statement for example expects a boolean and if you call it with any other type it has to be converted .
Conversion to boolean
Convertion to boolean is quite easy .
Null and undefined are converted to false , any object is converted to true .
Numbers are converted to true except for 0 and NaN which are converted to false .
The empty string is converted to false , any other to true .
Levin had been provoked by a blog entry I 'd posted the day before on my site , NewMajority.com .
Here 's what I wrote : President Obama and Rush Limbaugh do not agree on much , but they share at least one thing : Both wish to see Rush anointed as the leader of the Republican Party .
Here 's Rahm Emanuel on Face the Nation yesterday : " the voice and the intellectual force and energy behind the Republican party . "
What a great endorsement for Rush ! …
But what about the rest of the party ?
Here 's the duel that Obama and Limbaugh are jointly arranging :
On the one side , the president of the United States : soft - spoken and conciliatory , never angry , always invoking the recession and its victims .
This president invokes the language of " responsibility , " and in his own life seems to epitomize that ideal :
He is physically honed and disciplined , his worst vice an occasional cigarette .
He is at the same time an apparently devoted husband and father .
Unsurprisingly , women voters trust and admire him .
And for the leader of the Republicans ?
A man who is aggressive and bombastic , cutting and sarcastic , who dismisses the concerned citizens in network news focus groups as " losers . "
With his private plane and his cigars , his history of drug dependency and his personal bulk , not to mention his tangled marital history , Rush is a walking stereotype of self - indulgence — exactly the image that Barack Obama most wants to affix to our philosophy and our party .
And we 're cooperating !
Those images of crowds of CPACers cheering Rush 's every rancorous word — we'll be seeing them rebroadcast for a long time .
Rush knows what he is doing .
The worse conservatives do , the more important Rush becomes as leader of the ardent remnant .
The better conservatives succeed , the more we become a broad national governing coalition , the more Rush will be sidelined .
It has been extraordinary to see the Republican Party implode on itself .
This is a party that was headed by Bush / Cheney and they held it together with the help of Karl Rove .
But what has happened is that while the Bush Administration believed in the largest tax breaks for the rich ever , they forgot that this segment in this country is so small , that everyone else turned against the Republican Party .
In other words , the " middle class .
" With the country in dire straits , the Republican bull horn will be " it will not work , failure on everything " , which is fine , but I am still waiting for what THEY WILL DO .
This is the problem here .
The Republicans can say whatever , but while chastising the Obama Plan , what is their alternative plan ?
Just going around and saying " no " and " he is going to fail " does not sit well with the average voter .
Especially , when this country is in dire straits and you do n't have anything new , fresh and innovative to throw into the mix .
This is why the public has decided to ignore the Republican Party .
Which is why the fall guy , is not only laughable but damaged goods at this point for leadership in the Republican Party .
was one that many Republicans agreed with .
Limbaugh is just a talk show host , he is incendiary , he is only in this drama for ratings , all of the above , but Steele did not have the spine to stand by what he said , instead he kissed King Rush 's ring with an apology and made a mockery of himself and many in the Republican Party .
Even Newt Gingrich got the memo , this from Meet the Press : Republicans , most of America do not like Rush Limbaugh .
Sure , he ignites the far right in the Republican Party , but you lost the election from the middle , the independent voters .
It is statements and behavior as Limbaugh that got many to the polls for the first time and many of those who had n't voted in years .
Now , many Republican cable chatters are angry at the White House .
Why ?
They played the game on the Republican Party .
They have effectively labeled Rush Limbaugh as the leader , with Michael Steele a prime example of it .
The last paragraph says it all about how the Republican Party needs to think from here on out :
If the Republicans are serious they need to let Rush Limbaugh go .
If the Republicans are serious they need to attempt to work with Barack Obama .
If the Republicans are serious they need to have a plan for 2009 , not 1980 .
Until then , Rush Limbaugh will continue to suck all the oxygen from them .
Let 's face it , the Republicans just got played .
" It is in the interests of Israel , the US and the international community to achieve a two - state solution .
We have seen progress stalled on this front .
I suggested to the prime minister he has a historic opportunity to get serious movement on this issue during his tenure , " he said .
Many users of Rabbit have been asking us about how Rabbit copes with many large messages in queues , to the extent that the total size of these messages exhausts the available physical memory ( RAM ) .
As things stand at the moment , the answer is not very well .
Although we have a persistence mechanism , that is not quite an answer either because whilst it does ensure that messages are written to disk , it does not remove messages from RAM .
So , we ’ve been looking at writing a disk - based queue so that should RAM become tight , we can start to push messages out to disk and collect them later from there .
However , there is this thing called swap , and it seems wise to test how Rabbit copes when we just allow it to expand into swap .
The current releases of Rabbit monitor memory usage , and by default use Channel .
Flow to tell publishing clients to stop sending messages when memory gets tight .
However , if you start up Rabbit with - rabbit memory_alarms false then the memory monitoring does not occur and so clients will not be told to stop sending messages when we run out of memory .
This means we can just start hammering more and more messages into Rabbit and exhaust RAM .
Cue fitting an extra 160 GB hard disc to be used solely as swap .
Quickly , we hit another problem .
The OTP platform , which sits atop Erlang and provides a series of common behaviours for Erlang processes , has a couple of places where it specifies default timeout values of 5 seconds on replies coming back to messages .
When the whole computer is stalled swapping out pages , these timeouts can often be exceeded , and so we went through the code base and set all such timeouts to infinity .
This does not alter behaviour in the non - this - computer - is - in - a - lot - of - pain case , but when the computer is unwell , it allows Erlang to solider on regardless ( albeit somewhat more slowly ! ) .
For the brave souls of you who wish to test this for yourself , hg clone / pull from the usual repository and update to the latest on the default branch .
Unless it turns out that swapping just works extremely well , it ’s pretty likely that we ’re going to be writing our own disk - backed queue , and if we do , we need to be able to demonstrate that it was worthwhile — i.e. it works better than just using swap .
Thus we need to measure the performance when using swap to give us something to compare against .
So , we have two tests .
Before getting on to the differences , I ’ll start by mentioning the similarities .
All message payloads are 10 MB in size .
Both the client and server are run on the same machine and are communicating using the loopback network device .
The machine has an Intel Core2 Quad CPU Q9400 running at 2.66GHz , and 4GB of RAM .
When the tests are started , about 3GB of that RAM is available .
Each test is started on a frest running instance of Rabbit , with an empty database .
The kernel is the Debian stock 64 - bit 2.6.28 kernel , and I ’m using Erlang R12B - 3 ( Debian version : 1:12.b.3- dfsg - 4 ) .
When fetching messages , Basic .
Get is used and no-ack is turned on .
I used the Erlang AMQP client .
The first test type is pushing in N messages and then pulling them back out again .
I capture the elapsed time for each action ( be it a publish or a get ) , and then have graphed them .
So , when N is 64 , 128 or 256 , it ’s not really too exciting .
This is easily explained : 256 10 MB messages easily fits into the 3GB RAM available .
Thus nothing much to report on .
First let ’s see the cumulative time graphs .
Note the axis — we have time on the y - axis , not the x-axis .
So a steeper gradient means slower performance .
( Click on any of the images to get them a bit bigger . )
Next we can take the first differential of these graphs and see how much time is being spent on each operation .
The y - axis is now logarithmic :
In all cases we see that getting messages is slightly faster than publishing messages , and that as the number of messages in the system , and hence memory used , increases , we see slightly bigger spikes — this , I ’m guessing is the garbage collector having more work to do , but so far , nothing too surprising .
Now let ’s see what happens when we ramp up 512 messages .
This is 5GB of data , there ’s only 4GB RAM in the box , and only 3GB is free at the start of the test .
So it ’s pretty certain we ’re going to hit swap .
Everything ’s going along just fine until we get to about 310 messages in the Rabbit , and then performance starts to become somewhat less predictable .
Fetching messages is on the whole slower than before , though on the differential graph , we do see some spikes showing that there are periods where performance recovers .
Presumeably this correlates to large numbers of pages being swapped back in and then allowing Rabbit to run reasonably quickly for small periods of time .
Just for fun , I also did this with N as 1024 , though as it took 20 mins to run , I only did this test once :
It ’s clear here that publishing when we ’ve run out of RAM is n’t too bad , and this makes sense — all that is required is that a page is swapped out and we ’re given a new page to write to .
Getting messages is much slower as we may have to both read from and write to swap .
The next test is more interesting .
For a given N , start by publishing N messages , then publish - and - fetch - a - message 2N times , and finally drain the remaining N messages .
Fewer graphs this time , just one before we hit swap , where N is 64 :
Note that for the middle segment , the time is for publishing and getting a message .
Now , as soon as we have N as 256 , we start running out of memory .
This is only in the middle segment and again , does make sense — although we can fit 310 messages in memory , as we are publishing and getting , the memory is ( presumably ) much more fragmented and as such we can fit in fewer messages .
We ’re also at the mercy of the garbage collector to reclaim messages to which we no longer need to hold .
In the cumulative graph here , we can see that it starts off pretty much the same as for when N is 64 — the gradient gets a bit steeper when we start publishing and getting , but when we get to about 330 messages , suddenly we hit the first step , when we run out of memory and start making use of swap .
Now let ’s see about N is 512 .
Again , this one took so long that I only ran it once :
Again , the step where we start swapping is clearly visible at 310 , though of course in this test , we ’re still ramping up and just publishing messages at this point .
Interestingly , in the one - in - one - out phase of the test , performance seems to repeat its pattern ( in the differential graph ) .
Whilst we ’ve had some guesses , we ’re really not too sure what ’s going on here , though it ’s likely very specific to the swap algorithms , kernel and interaction with the garbage collector .
Fun .
So it ’s good to see that nothing really goes wrong : it does keep working , and if you do n’t need Rabbit to be amazingly fast but want lots and lots of big messages in your bunny , then this is perhaps a good enough solution .
Certainly pairing Rabbit with a good SSD swap disk may work well enough for you .
For others though , we now have a repeatable set of metrics that allow us to test different designs for a disk - backed queue .
Media Breakthrough !
9-11 Press for Truth to Be Shown on Mainstream Television
I am very happy to announce that for the first time in our movements history , 9 - 11 Press for Truth will be shown on a mainstream media television station .
KBDI Channel 12 in Denver Colorado has just confirmed that they will be showing this groundbreaking film during their upcoming pledge drive on June 3 , 2009 .
As has been the case in the recent past , Colorado 9 - 11 Visibility will be there manning the phone banks and expect to get some prime time during this showing to make our plea for a new investigation into the crimes of September 11th , 2001 .
As many of you may know , this is not the first time that Colorado 9 - 11 Visibility has made an appearance on KBDI .
Our most recent appearance was in March of this year during the showing of America , Freedom to Fascism .
Our time at KBDI actually goes back a couple of years when one of our members , Michael Anderson approached the station about our group volunteering to man the phones during their pledge drive .
As a perk for the volunteering organization , KBDI gives the opportunity to promote the group on - air during their time on the phone banks and promote we did !
We do not know the whole story on what kind of effect we had , but during this initial appearance on KBDI , we handed out DVD's and other 9 - 11 related literature to the staff at the station .
To me , they were friendly enough , but I felt their reception of us was lukewarm at best .
What a nice surprise to us when we were invited back again and again for all subsequent pledge drives since and given and increasingly warmer reception .
And now this !
We are ecstatic over this as it is the result of years of determined work by our group of very dedicated activists here in Colorado .
You can see our previous appearances on KBDI here .
Congratulations to the makers of the film , and to the members of Colorado 9 - 11 Visibility , and BRAVO to KBDI Channel 12 in Denver for having the guts to do what no other television station in this country has done .
In the last week I ’ve received separate calls from my mother and aunt .
After the usual “ How ’s the family ? ” chit - chat we got down to brass tacks — each had lost the ability to print and let ’s just see how smart you really are , Mr. Mac 911 .
And so we followed the usual routine .
A typical transcript follows :
Me :
Is the printer plugged in to both the power outlet and your computer ?
Them : I did n’t touch it .
Me : I know .
But it ’s plugged in , right ?
Them :
It worked last week .
Me : Good to know .
Is it plugged in ?
Do you see some kind of light glowing on it , indicating it has power ?
Them : Yes .
Me : Could you trace the other cable to your computer and make sure it ’s plugged into both the computer and printer ?
Them :
It ’s plugged into the wall socket .
Me : Okay .
That ’s the power cable .
Try the other one .
Them :
What other one ?
Me : The one that …
Them :
Oh , wait , here it is .
Me : Okay , so it ’s plugged in on each end ?
Them : Yes .
Me : Good .
Now shut down your Mac , turn off the printer , unplug the cable that is n’t the power cable on both your Mac and the printer , plug it back in , turn on the printer , and restart your Mac .
Them : Okay .
[ Time passes and family gossip ensues . ]
Got it .
Me : Now from the Apple menu , choose System Preferences .
When that ’s open , click on the Print & Fax entry in the second row .
Them : Apple menu ?
Me :
In the upper - left corner .
The thing that looks like an Apple with a bite taken out of it .
Them :
Oh , I thought that was just a decoration .
Me : No , it actually does something .
So , choose System Preferences and then Print & Fax .
Them : Okay .
Me : Do you see your printer listed in the Printers list ?
Them :
Where … oh , yes .
Me :
Is there a green dot next to it ?
Them :
No , it ’s yellow .
Me : Okay , double - click on the printer .
Them : Nothing ’s happening .
Me : Try again .
Them : Nope .
Me :
You ’re double - clicking on the printer ’s name in the Printers list ?
Them :
No , I ’m clicking on the big picture of the printer where it says Share This Printer .
Me : Do me a favor and launch iChat .
Them :
Why ?
I thought we were going to fix my printer .
Me : We are .
Just launch iChat .
It ’s the fifth icon in the Dock .
The one with the blue word bubble .
Them : I… okay .
Me : Remember when I said I was going to set you up with an iChat account so I could control your computer remotely ?
I ’m going to do that now .
When you see a message that I want to share your screen , click on that message and then click the Accept button .
Them :
My computer ’s making a noise !
Me : Right , that ’s me asking to share your screen .
Click on the message .
Them :
What message …?
Oh , wait .
Here .
Me : Great , I can see your screen now .
Them : But … .
Me : Please let go of your mouse .
Them :
But what are you …?
Me : Seriously , let go of the mouse .
I ca n’t do anything when you ….
Them : See , over here I… .
Me : For the love of Pete , let go of the damned mouse !
Them :
That ’s no way to talk to ….
Me : I ’m sorry .
Please , just do n’t touch the mouse .
I can fix this but I need to have control of the mouse so I can do things with your computer .
Them :
You can move my mouse ?
How ?
Me : Magic .
Do n’t worry about it .
I ’ll tell you what I ’m doing .
Them :
My mouse is moving !
Me : I know , that ’s me .
Okay , so you see your printer in the list , where I ’m pointing the cursor ?
Them : Yes .
Me : I could try to troubleshoot this printer by clearing out the print queue but the fastest way to fix it is to just delete the printer driver and install a new one .
Them : I need a new printer !?
Me : No , you probably just need a fresh copy of the software that helps the printer work .
I ’m going to do that now .
Watch .
I select your printer in the list and click the Minus button .
When the Mac asks me if I want to delete the printer , I click OK .
Them :
Are you sure , because I really need to ….
Me : Yes , it will be fine .
Now I click the Plus button and a window appears .
See , in that window there ’s your printer telling me that it ’s connected to your Mac via USB — that cable running between the printer and your Mac .
That ’s good because it means the Mac sees your printer .
Them : Through the camera ?
Me : No , it metaphorically sees it .
The system can tell the printer ’s there .
Now I just select your printer and click Add .
Them :
Oh , the printer ’s back in the list !
Me : Right , it is .
Now I ’ll open TextEdit and try to print something .
You tell me if it prints .
Them :
It ’s starting up .
It ’s … hey look , it ’s printing !
You ’re a genius !
How did you do that ?
Me :
This is pretty common .
There was an issue with the printer driver and although you can sometimes clear these things up by deleting a preference file or mucking with the printer queue , it ’s just easier to do what I did and replace the driver .
Them :
How can I ever thank you ?
Me : Do n’t worry about it .
I can use this in the column .
Them :
You ’re not going to make fun of me again are you ?
Me : What ?
Me? Never .
The family of a woman who used marijuana to ease the pain of a spinal injury had their house raided and ransacked by RCMP last week after the police received an anonymous tip about a “ smell ” emanating from the home .
Although the authorities found only a few marijuana plants , they have condemned the home and placed the children in foster care under family child protection services .
On Thursday , February 19 , Kim MacNearney , a human resources manager for the government of the North West Territories ( NWT ) , her husband Craig and their two boys ( age 1 and 3 ) , were shocked when the RCMP burst into their Yellowknife home without a search warrant , knocked holes in walls , sliced open new baby mattresses , and took both children away .
MacNearney says she had previously visited her doctor about legal medical cannabis use regarding a spinal injury and the Health Canada program , but the doctor refused to discuss it with her .
The police found less than 20 plants in a small closet in their home for their own medical use , a couple of dried clones , a few in veg and a few in bud under a 400w light .
After trashing their house , police then called the Fire Marshal who arrived and condemned their home as a grow - op for their small personal medical closet garden .
A week later , their kids are still in foster care under family child protection services .
PRESS CONTACT :
Kim MacNearney in Yellowknife , NWT ( mother of 2 kids )
Phone : ( 867 ) 444-8450
Email : [ email protected ]
« Freedom Watch | Main | Has the Intelligence Community Tamed American Colleges ? »
HR 1207 Now Has 71 Cosponsors !
HR 1207 : The Federal Reserve Transparency
Act now has 71 Cosponsors
Rep Abercrombie , Neil [ HI - 1 ] - 2/26/2009
Rep Akin , W. Todd [ MO - 2 ] - 3/19/2009
Rep Alexander , Rodney [ LA - 5 ] - 3/10/2009
Rep Bachmann , Michele [ MN - 6 ] - 2/26/2009
Rep Baldwin , Tammy [ WI - 2 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Bartlett , Roscoe G. [ MD - 6 ] - 2/26/2009
Rep Bilbray , Brian P. [ CA - 50 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Bishop , Rob [ UT - 1 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Blackburn , Marsha [ TN - 7 ] - 3/16/2009
Rep Blunt , Roy [ MO - 7 ] - 3/24/2009
Rep Broun , Paul C. [ GA - 10 ] - 2/26/2009
Rep Buchanan , Vern [ FL - 13 ] - 3/17/2009
Rep Burgess , Michael C. [ TX - 26 ] - 3/19/2009
Rep Burton , Dan [ IN - 5 ] - 2/26/2009
Rep Capito , Shelley Moore [ WV - 2 ] - 4/1/2009
Rep Carter , John R. [ TX - 31 ] - 3/31/2009
Rep Castle , Michael N. [ DE ] - 3/17/2009
Rep Chaffetz , Jason [ UT - 3 ] - 3/6/2009
Rep Cole , Tom [ OK - 4 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Culberson , John Abney [ TX - 7 ] - 3/26/2009
Rep Deal , Nathan [ GA - 9 ] - 3/23/2009
Rep DeFazio , Peter A . [ OR - 4 ] - 3/9/2009
Rep Doggett , Lloyd [ TX - 25 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Duncan , John J. , Jr. [ TN - 2 ] - 3/6/2009
Rep Ehlers , Vernon J. [ MI - 3 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Fallin , Mary [ OK - 5 ] - 4/2/2009
Rep Fleming , John [ LA - 4 ] - 3/18/2009
Rep Foxx , Virginia [ NC - 5 ] - 3/10/2009
Rep Franks , Trent [ AZ - 2 ] - 3/23/2009
Rep Garrett , Scott [ NJ - 5 ] - 3/5/2009
Rep Gingrey , Phil [ GA - 11 ] - 3/30/2009
Rep Grayson , Alan [ FL - 8 ] - 3/11/2009
Rep Heller , Dean [ NV - 2 ] - 3/6/2009
Rep Herger , Wally [ CA - 2 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Jones , Walter B. , Jr. [ NC - 3 ] - 2/26/2009
Rep Kagen , Steve [ WI - 8 ] - 2/26/2009
Rep Kingston , Jack [ GA - 1 ] - 3/6/2009
Rep Lamborn , Doug [ CO - 5 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Latham , Tom [ IA - 4 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Lucas , Frank D. [ OK - 3 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Luetkemeyer , Blaine [ MO - 9 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Lummis , Cynthia M. [ WY ] - 3/19/2009
Rep Manzullo , Donald A. [ IL - 16 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Marchant , Kenny [ TX - 24 ] - 3/11/2009
Rep McCaul , Michael T. [ TX - 10 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep McClintock , Tom [ CA - 4 ] - 3/6/2009
Rep McCotter , Thaddeus G. [ MI - 11 ] - 3/19/2009
Rep Miller , Jeff [ FL - 1 ] - 3/24/2009
Rep Olson , Pete [ TX - 22 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Paulsen , Erik [ MN - 3 ] - 3/30/2009
Rep Pence , Mike [ IN - 6 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Peterson , Collin C. [ MN - 7 ] - 3/19/2009
Rep Petri , Thomas E. [ WI - 6 ] - 3/10/2009
Rep Platts , Todd Russell [ PA - 19 ] - 3/19/2009
Rep Poe , Ted [ TX - 2 ] - 2/26/2009
Rep Posey , Bill [ FL - 15 ] - 2/26/2009
Rep Price , Tom [ GA - 6 ] - 3/10/2009
Rep Rehberg , Denny [ MT ] - 2/26/2009
Rep Roe , David P. [ TN - 1 ] - 4/21/2009
Rep Rohrabacher , Dana [ CA - 46 ] - 3/6/2009
Rep Sessions , Pete [ TX - 32 ] - 3/23/2009
Rep Smith , Lamar [ TX - 21 ] - 4/2/2009
Rep Stark , Fortney Pete [ CA - 13 ] - 3/26/2009
Rep Stearns , Cliff [ FL - 6 ] - 3/6/2009
Rep Taylor , Gene [ MS - 4 ] - 3/6/2009
Rep Terry , Lee [ NE - 2 ] - 3/30/2009
Rep Wamp , Zach [ TN - 3 ] - 3/16/2009
Rep Westmoreland , Lynn A . [ GA - 3 ] - 4/2/2009
Rep Wittman , Robert J. [ VA - 1 ] - 4/1/2009
Rep Woolsey , Lynn C. [ CA - 6 ] - 2/26/2009
Rep Young , Don [ AK ] - 3/6/2009
Ron Paul on Alan Colmes Radio Show 4-21-09 Dr. Paul discusses Secession , Piracy , U.N. , the FED and more
Campaign For Liberty 's Debra Medina at Texas Tea Party
Pirates and Emperors
Treasury Secretary Geithner at TARP Hearing
47 W. Polk St. Suite 100-408 , Chicago , IL 60605
April 22 , 2009 in Current Affairs | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451d3ac69e201157040ce5c970b
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference HR 1207 Now Has 71 Cosponsors !:
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed .
Chicken Bondage By Naryana Watch
3K Favourites 715 Comments 108K Views
For this photo I tied my chicken up * evil laughs *
This is what being bored at college gets you to do kids , so do n't go !
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 640x480px 116.42 KB
Make FUJIFILM Model FinePix2800ZOOM
Shutter Speed 1/49 second Aperture F/ 2.8 Focal Length 6 mm ISO Speed 100 Date Taken Mar 17 , 2004 , 2:03:56 PM
Show More
Published : Mar 17 , 2004
I have a confession that may not surprise you : I hated high school gym classes .
Since I was already a fat kid , I was of course seldom able to compete with other kids in most of the team - type sports that were the favorite gym activities back then .
We were a pretty “ successful ” football , basketball and baseball school ( nobody who spoke only English played soccer back then , or even knew what it was ) .
So if you were the kind of kid who was always “ picked last ” on anybody ’s team ( or worse , if you were the “ sympathy pick ) , sports , and so gym , were n’t gonna be your cup of tea .
On the other hand , I loved Phys. Ed. in college .
Instead of catering to the twenty or so boys ( and never girls — they were supposed to be either cheerleaders or librarians back in 1970 , remember ? ) who were football team material , in college the assumption was that only a rare few of us would have even a short - lived career as a college athlete .
Rather , the focus was on introducing us to physical activities that we might actually enjoy , that we might actually keep on doing throughout our lives .
So archery , golf , volleyball , badminton , racquetball , handball , and other such sports were the curriculum .
And I had a lot of fun .
One of the complications of being in the weight loss game is the fact that you are always getting a ton of contradictory advice on what you should be doing .
( And recall , this is mostly from thin people , who may lack some important perspectives on the usefulness of their advice . )
In the area of exercise , the current “ consensus ” seems to be that you should do aerobics , but not too much .
Some people say 20 minutes ’ worth .
Or else 40 .
Or else intervals ( a minute of heart - splitting intensity followed by a minute of nursing - home drool stroll , and repeat … )
I ’ve read experts who say that you can not absolutely can not lose weight if you “ overdo ” aerobics — that anything over 40 minutes ’ worth a day will actually interfere with your progress .
Then there are those who say you need to plan to spend serious time — an hour or more a day — exercising .
( One of my best friends lost about sixty pounds and went from being a rather large woman to a virtual supermodel by getting a state of the art treadmill then using it for about 75 minutes of intense work a day .
She ’s now an intensive cross country cyclist and doing great with that . )
Others now say it ’s weights that do it .
Not aerobics , weights .
Meanwhile , my doc recently volunteered that “ of course , the trick is aerobics . ”
From a psychological point of view , there are two problems with these contradictory newsfeeds .
First , they bat your head all over creation .
What exactly are you supposed to do , really ?
It ’s then that you realize that basically , nobody knows for sure .
Experts are at war , and everybody else is trying to market something to you .
( “ Buy my book and also my high protein drink … ” etc. )
The second problem is that you may not actually like some of the stuff that the experts are recommending .
Like , what if you really hate weight rooms , weight training , weight anything ?
You want to get weight out of your life , not to add it !
Or suppose treadmills give you hives ?
Because if you do n’t actually like the exercise you ’re being asked to do , you just wo n’t do it .
Like my high school gym classes , first chance you get , you ’ll never go to that sport again .
On the whole , it ’s probably much better to start by figuring out what you like to do .
Sure , ideally some blend of something that ’ll make your muscles stronger and more toned , with something aerobic , are best .
But there are a whole lot of ways to get there .
Better to take the approach my college gym teachers did : find stuff you ’ll stick to , at least for part of the year .
And I do believe that you ’ll know when you ’ve found “ IT . ”
That sport you really love .
Maybe even the sport that seems to be a genetic “ fit ” with your body .
On a small scale , this might mean that some equipment fits your body better than other kinds , so you enjoy the exercise .
My gym has at least four different makes and models of elliptical machines .
One of them I love , and so I use it every day .
The other models just do n’t feel right — legs are too far apart or the ovals my feet make are too high or something .
I ’d never stick to them .
A few months back for a magazine article , I interviewed a 78 year old woman who began training in taekwondo , a martial art like karate , when she was about 63 .
She had been offered a class as a freebie by the owner of the taekwondo club , and did n’t expect to enjoy it .
But she felt she was feeling some physical decline and wanted to try something to reverse the effects of , she assumed , aging .
She told me that “ after my first block , I knew this was my sport ! ”
She absolutely loved it .
Within a few years she had earned a black belt , and eventually became a master - level student and instructor in the sport — while in her late sixties and early seventies !
I ’ve known others — one of them is my cousin — who took to martial arts as though they were just born to it .
When you find your sport , you ’ll be more likely to stick to it than if you have to force yourself to go every day to some gym and do something you hate .
In the long run , the best exercise is n’t aerobics or weights , but the one you keep doing .
Captain Alan W. Price reveals some fascinating facts about aircraft bird strikes and re-creates the terrifying moments leading up to Air Flight 1549 ’s miraculous landing in the Hudson River .
4 little - known facts about aircraft bird strikes
1. Since 1998 , only 219 deaths have occurred worldwide as a result of bird strikes , from a total of close to one billion flights !*
2. Damage from bird strikes is estimated at 550,000 hours of aircraft down time / year which equates to an annual cost of $ 625 million . *
3. Aircraft engines and windshields are tested through simulated bird strikes whereby dead chickens are fired from a cannon at varying weights and speeds .
4 . Despite these precautions , large birds such as geese can still cause catastrophic damage , as experienced by US Air Flight 1549 .
* Source “ Aviation Week and Space Technology ”
5 techniques for averting a bird strike disaster
1. Distinctive swirl patterns are sometimes painted on engine compressor hub spinners , mimicking a giant rotating barber shop pole .
2. Aircraft windshield glass is built several inches thick to prevent penetration .
Electrical heat systems are used to warm the glass , making it more malleable and resistant to damage .
3. Airports are often built near areas that attract birds – garbage dumps , marshy wetlands etc. .
Noise cannons , scarecrows and bird activity reports all are part of the defensive systems aimed at combating bird hazards .
4 . The majority of bird strikes occur below 3,000 ’AGL .
Efficient departure / arrival handling by air traffic control can lead to less time spent at these lower altitudes .
5 . Pilots avoid flocks of birds the same way they avoid other aircraft – through a “ see and avoid ” method , with “ eyes out of the cockpit ” at lower altitudes .
Birds !
Picture this .
It ’s just after takeoff from New York ’s LaGuardia airport , gear up , climb speed established .
Initial departure path will take you to the north , then up the Jersey side of the Hudson .
Climbing through 1,000 ’AGL ( Above Ground Level ) , you accelerate toward best climb speed and finish the after takeoff checklist .
Life is good .
Suddenly , whilst climbing through 3,000 ’AGL , you notice grey streaks flashing past the windscreen .
“ Birds ! ”
You hear , feel , and smell the impact .
Your goose is cooked
“ Your goose is cooked ” is a bad thing when dealing with jet engines .
Birds , lots of large birds picked today to use your A320 for target practice .
Both engines are fatally damaged .
You feel the loss of thrust , and look for a place to put this puppy down .
Ninety seconds later , you are in the ice - cold waters of the Hudson River .
Train the way you want to fly
What I ’ve just described is the first few minutes of US Air Flight 1549 .
Let me say this plainly – in circumstances like these , when an unexpected emergency occurs , pilots do not think like normal people imagine they think .
When pilots have a problem , they ’ve got to solve it .
There ’s no time to worry about what might have been .
Years of experience and thousands of hours of training kick in .
There is an old adage in military circles – “ train the way you want to fight . ”
In aviation parlance it ’s – “ train the way you want to fly . ”
Endless hours of simulated emergencies spent in full - motion simulators allow modern pilots to be “ there ” before we are actually “ there . ”
Capt Sullenberger and his crew leveraged this advantage – training – coupled with a huge amount of aviation creativity to perform an incredible ditching in the Hudson River .
“ Sully ” would be the first to tell you it was n’t perfect , but it was damn good .
Keeping cool in a crisis
In the event of a bird strike , the pilot ’s first order of business is damage assessment .
Damage to the windshield is immediately obvious , engine damage can usually be diagnosed by scanning engine instruments .
If damage does occur , we are faced with a “ go / no go ” choice – landing short of destination or continuing .
US Air Flight 1549 faced a wonderfully simple choice since they became an unpowered glider .
The decision was not if they should land , but where !
I once ingested several birds from a flock of sea gulls into both engines .
The abiding memory that stays with me is the smell of cooked birds .
There was no obvious damage , and the question foremost in my mind was “ could it be unseen ” ?
That ’s where professional judgment comes in .
In my case , we continued to destination since we were nearby .
Inspection on the ground produced numerous feathers , but no engine damage .
Final words
If you are unlucky enough to experience an aircraft bird strike , you want your pilot to have a healthy sense of skepticism .
This serves well when things go wrong .
Bird strikes are always unexpected , so your pilot ’s response is crucial .
Advance planning also becomes a huge factor for averting potential disaster .
In the final analysis , you should find comfort in the fact that the chances of being hit by a bird strike are miniscule .
Should one occur , the chance of major damage is small .
If your aircraft does suffer major damage , the probability of physical harm is still remote .
US Air Flight 1549 defied all these odds – it was an exceptional event in more ways than one .
So my final words on bird strikes ?
Relax .
The Force is with you !
Fly Safely .
Capt Alan W. Price
It 's already delayed its controversial broadband capping plan in a number of markets , and it looks like Time Warner Cable has now gone one big step further in Rochester , New York ( one of the initial test markets ) , where it has reportedly scrapped the new tiered pricing plan altogether .
As you no doubt recall , the plan was more or less modeled on cellphone pricing plans , and had intended to cap customers ' data usage at a certain level and charge upwards of $ 1 per GB for any overages ( eventually maxing out at $ 150 per month ) .
That , naturally , did n't go over so well with folks , and even New York Senator Charles Schumer eventually got in on the act and complained directly to Time Warner Cable .
Of course , this still does n't officially mark the end of the pricing plan in other markets , but it certainly seems to be getting increasingly difficult for Time Warner Cable to move ahead with it .
[ Thanks , Phil ]
Update :
As a few of you have helpfully pointed out in comments , Time Warner Cable has now put out a statement of its own that confirms in not - at - all Orwellian terms that it is shelving all of its consumption - based billing trials " while the customer education process continues . "
The company also says that it'll soon be making bandwidth measurement tools available to customers , which it hopes will " aid in the dialog going forward . "
The BBC has followed its recent controversial botnet demonstration with a new filmed demo of how a Trojan attack works - except this time it made sure to ask nicely .
In a clear change from the earlier exercise , which provoked intense ethical debate , this time around the corporation has gone out of its way to make clear it sought the permission of the owner of a PC before hacking into it .
The latest demo , which appeared on the BBC news website on Monday , illustrates how a single spyware - infected PC creates a means for cybercrooks to nab passwords or watch users of infected PCs , providing the machine uses a webcam .
The BBC sought the assistance of Jacques Erasmus of PrevX in both the latest small - scale exercise and earlier , larger experiment - the difference of course being that none of the computer users in the botnet caper were asked for their permission .
BBC researchers changed the wallpaper on compromised machines to alert victims that their machines were infected , but only after running and filming its security demo .
In the latest case the demo clearly states at the beginning , via captions , that " this simulation depicts acts that are illegal " , and later : " This time the ' victim ' knew we had control of his laptop . "
The same courtesy was not extended when BBC Click used licence - payers ' money to buy access to more than 21,000 already compromised computers , in order to send spam to Hotmail and Gmail accounts .
The botnet - which BBC Click acquired on the stipulation that compromised machines were located in neither the US nor UK - was also used to flood a test site established by PrevX with junk traffic , simulating a denial of service attack .
BBC Click , by its own account , paid " a few thousand dollars ... to buy a botnet from hackers in Russia and the Ukraine " .
Several security experts and an IT lawyer contacted by El Reg reckoned the botnet demonstration broke UK law , which prohibits unauthorised access or modification to computers .
The BBC , which congratulated itself on the BBC Click programme as a breakthrough piece of investigative journalism , responded by saying its lawyers had cleared the programme to air .
Mark Perrow , executive producer at BBC Click , said " there was the strongest public interest in not just describing what malware can do , but actually showing it in action " in a blog post here .
Struan Robertson , editor of out - law.com and legal director at solicitors Pinsent Masons , told us this " powerful public interest " argument is irrelevant when considering whether an offence had occurred under UK computer hacking law .
Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant at Sophos and one of the fiercest critics of the original programme , responded to the BBC 's argument with a post to the same BBC theeditorblog arguing that it was unnecessary to risk breaking the law in order to demonstrate the problem of botnets .
His post was deleted by the BBC , much to Cluley 's indignation .
The minority of security vendors - and the majority of Reg commentards - supported the BBC 's exercise as something that raised awareness about the growing problem of compromised computers in a far more accessible way than any government information security awareness campaign .
PrevX's Erasmus , who assisted the BBC in both exercises , could n't be reached when the BBC Click botnet experiment aired back in March because he was on holiday , fishing in Namibia .
But when we caught up with Erasmus at last month 's Infosec show he told us that he'd told BBC Click researchers that their exercise was illegal , at least in his opinion .
Erasmus 's role was to talk BBC click researcher Spencer Kelly through the technical side of the exercise , which Kelly ( not Erasmus ) carried out .
This time around the BBC seems to have learnt a lesson from its earlier botnet caper by going out of its way to obtain permission before hacking , signalling an apparent change in the BBC 's editorial policy .
Perhaps the corporation listens , after all . ®
A skeptical look at the claim that FEMA maintains a network of prison camps in readiness .
by Brian Dunning
Filed under Conspiracy Theories
Skeptoid Podcast # 145
March 17 , 2009
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4145.mp3
Today we 're going to have a look at more than 800 sites inside the United States , said by some to be prisons operated by FEMA ( the Federal Emergency Management Agency ) , for the purpose of holding as many as ten million American citizens prisoner , with no criminal charges filed .
YouTube carries videos ( like this , this , this , and others ) of such empty prison compounds , and dozens of websites like libertyforlife.com and abovetopsecret.com showcase photographs and reports by independent investigators .
These alleged prisons are hidden everywhere in plain sight :
A train yard or shipping terminal mysteriously surrounded by barbed wire ; a closed military base with some new construction happening ; or even just a vacant site that seems like it could be a good location .
A paranoid conspiracy theory , you say ?
Perhaps .
But might there actually be reason to believe that plans for just this scenario really do exist ?
When I first heard the FEMA Prison Camp conspiracy story , it seemed ridiculous and paranoid at face value .
But when I finally dug in to research it , I started by searching for the origins of the rumors , and found to my surprise that nearly all of the legal foundation and precedent for such a plan does in fact exist .
One primary source of fuel for the fire is Garden Plot , the Department of Defense 's civil disturbance plan to assist local authorities during times of civil unrest , natural disasters , or other emergencies .
Garden Plot has been notably activated after 9/11 , and also during the 1992 Los Angeles riots .
Garden Plot 's authority comes from Article I of the United States Constitution , that states in part " Congress shall have power ... to provide for calling forth the Militia to execute laws of the Union , suppress Insurrections , and repel Invasions . "
Taking it one step further , Title 10 , sections 331-334 of federal law authorize the President to suppress insurrections , rebellions , and domestic violence by executive order .
In recent years , the Insurrection Act and the Posse Comitatus Act , which limited executive powers to deploy the military for purposes of law enforcement , have been amended to broaden the scope of exceptions .
Periodically , the government conducts interagency readiness exercises to prepare for such contingencies .
Past examples of such exercises that are frequently cited by Prison Camp conspiracy guys include Rex - 82 Proud Saber ( where Rex - 82 stands for Readiness Exercise , 1982 ) , and Rex - 84 Night Train .
In these exercises , agencies deal with such problems as major strikes and unlawful assemblies .
They may impose martial law , arrest large numbers of people , and handle mass relocation of civilians .
Now , obviously , there are times when this is a good thing and we want it to happen .
A lot of us were glad that the National Guard came in to help quell the L.A. riots .
If a large force of Oklahoma City style militiamen started blowing up a city , I 'd want the Army to have pretty extensive powers to put a stop to it .
But , unfortunately , everything is a double - edged sword .
For the government to have this level of power when it 's needed , it means they also have it when they say it 's needed , and when you and I might not necessarily be in favor of it .
What if Congress suddenly made all guns illegal ?
They would sure as hell need prison camps to hold ten million rioting citizens .
Such powers necessarily do exist .
So there 's our legal authority and precedent .
If FEMA decides they want 800 prison camps maintained in readiness , they have the legal right to do so , and to use them if ordered .
But do they ?
Do they actually anticipate this need to the point that there really are 800 manned prison camps ready to go ?
That 's another story .
Despite the reasonable plausibility , most of the sources trumpeting FEMA prison camps are clearly delusional , blaming the " Illuminati " for the prison camps , and claiming that they are to support the " new world order " .
One online list of prison locations describes a Mojave Desert location as a " Fully staffed full gassing / cremating death camp with airstrip , dedicated to the termination red / blue list under martial law , " and states that it was recently toured by " high level Illuminati Luciferians " .
A camp in Alaska is said to have a capacity of two million , despite Alaska 's total population of less than 700,000 .
And now that President Obama is in office , the charges now fall onto his shoulders .
One report says that Obama has already ordered the immediate opening of America 's " vast gulag of concentration camps " to handle the " social upheaval " caused by the " economic collapse " , and is in the process of incarcerating 775,000 citizens as part of " Project ENDGAME " .
Fear that this mass arrest and execution of Americans is already in progress is commonly expressed on a lot of these websites .
You might remember former U.S. Representative and Green Party presidential candidate Cynthia McKinney , perhaps best known for her 2006 punching of a Capitol police officer who stopped her when she refused to show proper credentials while bypassing the Capitol 's metal detectors .
Following Hurricane Katrina , she announced that 5,000 New Orleans prisoners had been executed by the military :
Her son's charge by the Department of Defense was to process 5,000 bodies that had received a single bullet wound to the head , and these were mostly males ...
The data about these individuals was entered into a Pentagon computer .
And then reportedly the bodies were dumped in the swamp in Louisiana ...
I have verification from insiders , who wish to remain anonymous , at the Red Cross , that this is true .
( Because clearly , the Red Cross would be deeply involved in such a plot – BD . )
McKinney was also the driving force behind the 2005 Congressional briefing where she presented testimony and numerous witnesses claiming that the U.S. was behind the 9/11 attacks .
In fact , when you search the Internet for FEMA prison camps , you find a lot of the information is deeply interwoven with 9/11 conspiracy theories .
The same familiar names appear : Like when Halliburton announced its fourth quarter results for 2005 , one of the line items was a $ 385 million five - year contract to support temporary detention capabilities for Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
Conspiracy theorists jumped on this and said it was proof that the prisons are being built .
I do n't know how many prisons you think can be built , staffed , and operated for $ 77 million a year , but our local megachurch here has spent more than that alone just building a parking garage and a bookstore cafe .
Now of course , we do know that the U.S. government has , in the past , set up prison camps into which law - abiding American citizens have been forcibly relocated , by Presidential order .
This happened between 1942 and 1945 , when people of Japanese ancestry were rounded up and placed into concentration camps to prevent them from aiding the Japanese during World War II .
I recently visited Manzanar , the best preserved of these sites , which is now operated by the National Park Service .
You can tour the grounds and they have a great museum , with very frank exhibits that make no excuses for what happened .
There is no secrecy or coverup about it .
Even today , the U.S. government operates detention facilities around the world , like Guantanamo Bay , which is well known and fully disclosed .
Garden Plot and the readiness exercises are all matters of public record .
But there are other sites , such as Diego Garcia Island in the Indian Ocean , for which reasonable evidence exists that it 's been used as a detention facility , but that no official admission is made .
In fact , it 's denied .
Whether true or not , the existence of Diego Garcia would not constitute good evidence that concentration camps exist inside the United States ; there are significant differences .
Whatever might happen on Diego Garcia happens behind closed doors , whereas the claimed concentration camps are right out in broad daylight .
And if you 're going to illegally rough up a terrorism suspect , a small room overseas is a great place to do it ; but a wide - open concentration camp in the public eye , designed for tens of thousands , would be a rather poor choice .
So , to a responsible skeptic , the other examples of government behavior that we have constitute pretty poor support for the existence of domestic concentration camps .
At the time Japanese Americans were rounded up and put into Manzanar , it was a reasonable precaution according to the standards of the times .
I used to find it hard to believe that people could think so differently only a few decades ago , but in 1999 I bought a house in a neighborhood laid out in the 1930's , and in the original deed was a clause that the buyer may not to sell the house to " a Negro , a Jew , or a Chinaman . "
Times change .
Manzanar would never happen today , and although the government technically has the same powers to do it now as it did then , it 's not realistic to be concerned about it recurring .
Our man Benjamin Franklin famously said : " Any society that would give up a little liberty to gain a little security will deserve neither , and will lose both . "
Having to take off your shoes to get on a plane and not being allowed to have a water bottle are infringements that Ben would have deemed unacceptable first steps , but they are also a far cry from millions of civilians being thrown into prison camps .
We choose to elect politicians who do n't want us to bring water bottles onto planes , because ( for better or for worse ) that 's what 's important to our society right now .
I do n't remember anyone electing a politician who wants to throw millions of Americans into prison camps .
To make effective electoral decisions , you need to maintain a healthy skepticism , and not go off the deep end and suppose that every Halliburton contract is a slippery slope leading to Americans being gassed in military concentration camps .
If you see barbed wire around a train yard , consider the possibility of other explanations ( like the train company does n't need stuff being stolen ) before you conclude that the Illuminati are out to kill you .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
Editor 's note : Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN political contributor , was a political consultant for Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton in the White House .
Paul Begala says South Carolina 's governor should refuse to take federal aid he opposes .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Gov. Mark Sanford of South Carolina took umbrage at my writing that his approach to the economic crisis is to do nothing .
I 'll deal with his " ideas " in a moment , but first let me make a modest proposal :
If Republican politicians are so deeply opposed to President Obama 's economic recovery plan , they should refuse to take the money .
After all , if you think all that federal spending is damaging , there are easy ways to reduce it :
Do n't take federal money .
Gov. Sanford can lead the way .
South Carolina should decline to accept any federal funds for transportation , education , health care , clean energy or any of the other ideas President Obama is advocating to fix the economy .
And the rest of the GOP can follow suit .
Justice Louis Brandeis famously called states " laboratories of democracy . "
So let 's experiment .
Gov. Sanford can be the guinea pig .
His Palmetto State already gets $ 1.35 back from Washington for every dollar it pays in federal taxes , according to 2005 numbers , the latest calculated by the Tax Foundation , a nonprofit tax research group .
South Carolina is a ward of the federal government .
It 's been on welfare for years .
If Gov. Sanford is so all - fired opposed to federal spending , let 's start by cutting federal spending in South Carolina .
Otherwise , he 's got about as much credibility on fiscal conservatism as A - Rod has on steroids .
Under the Bush - Sanford economic theories , South Carolina 's unemployment rate has reached 9.5 percent -- among the highest in the nation .
But if Gov. Sanford wants to continue those policies , good luck to him .
Make no mistake about it , Republicans like Gov. Sanford want to go back to the bad old days of George W. Bush .
In his CNN.com column , Gov. Sanford expends 605 words attacking President Obama 's plan to turn the country around after eight years of Bush - Republican - Sanford economics .
That is his right , but attacking President Obama 's plan is not itself an alternative plan .
Nor is dredging up hoary old gripes about the New Deal .
Nor , indeed , is deriding neighborhood electric vehicles -- which create jobs , save money and reduce pollution -- as " streamlined golf carts . "
But that is what Gov. Sanford offers us .
iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the stimulus plan
Then Gov. Sanford turns to his ideas ( keep in mind he was responding to my charge that he favors doing nothing ) .
He devotes precisely one half of one sentence to his plan to save the world economy ; 24 words that will create millions of jobs , restore liquidity to capital markets , protect investors and consumers , regenerate stagnant demand and restore the capitalist system .
Here they are :
" ... cutting the payroll tax , opening foreign markets through an expansion of our trade agreements , and reducing our corporate tax , which is among the highest worldwide . "
Wow .
As we say in the South , I 've got the vapors .
So cutting taxes and cutting trade deals will get us out of this mess ?
That 's all we need to do ?
We do n't need to extend unemployment insurance , or update health information technology , or move to renewable energy or repair roads or rebuild bridges or modernize the power grid or prevent states and cities from laying off teachers and cops or any of the other myriad proposals in President Obama 's plan ?
To be sure , President Obama 's plan includes tax cuts -- mostly for middle - class families .
But cutting taxes on corporate profits is of little utility when there are no corporate profits to tax .
And precisely with whom would Gov. Sanford cut these miraculous trade deals ?
In case he has n't been watching CNN , the entire world economy is in the tank .
If cutting taxes for the rich and for big corporations and promoting foreign trade alone could energize the economy , we would n't be in this mess .
But maybe Gov. Sanford is right .
Let 's keep our federal money -- give it to states where the governors will actually put it to good use .
We 'll let Gov. Sanford try his plan , we 'll try President Obama 's plan .
Something tells me Gov. Sanford wo n't take that gamble .
Because for all his rhetoric about hating federal spending , he can't wait to get his hands on our money .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .
All About South Carolina • Barack Obama • Recessions and Depressions
By Angelofkarma - 25/5/2009 18:05 - United Kingdom
Today , my boyfriend of 2 years took me to get a tattoo done with his name on .
He paid for it .
After it was done he told me it was over between us and he thought it'd be a nice reminder of him for me .
FML
A Dutch architecture group MVRDV have won a competition to design a city center for Gwanggyo , a new city which could be built south of Seoul , Korea .
The town is planned to be a self - sufficient city of 77,000 inhabitants .
The architects say that all the elements of the city centre will be design as rings , and “ by pushing these rings outwards , every part of the program receives a terrace for outdoor life . ”
Box hedges will be planted on the terraces and roofs of the buildings .
The intention is to improve ventilation , and reduce energy and water usage .
The shifting of the floors causes as a counter effect hollow cores that form large atriums .
They serve as lobbies for the housing and offices , plazas for the shopping center and halls for the museum and leisure functions .
In each tower a number of voids connect to the atrium providing for light and ventilation and creating semi-public spaces .
Via : Dezeen
Hi !
Just so you know , you can click on the $ up there to support XKCDB .
( This box will go away after you vote once . )
# 5247 ⇧ ( +470/-129 ) ⇩
< sparr >
A mathematician , a physicist , and a biologist see two people walk into an empty building .
A while later they see three people walk back out .
The biologist says " they must have multiplied " .
The physicist says " no , our initial count was likely off " .
The mathematician nods sagely and says " actually , if one more person walks into the building then it will be empty again " .
Introduction to GNU Screen
What is Screen ?
Screen is a full - screen window manager that multiplexes a physical terminal between several processes .
What the heck does that mean ?
Well it means that you are running a virtual terminal as a process .
This allows you to do all sorts of neat things , from disconnecting and resuming the terminal where you left off , to mirroring the screen so students can watch your session , to split terminal screens .
Screen is one of those tools that most system admins simply can’t live without .
Installing Screen
For Debian / Ubuntu based systems running Firefox you can install screen by clicking here .
Otherwise use your package manager :
sudo apt - get install screen
You might have screen already installed on your distribution .
Type , ‘ which screen ’ to find out .
What is it good for ?
Leaving the Terminal
Probably the most common use for screen is attaching and detaching screen on a remote system .
Let me explain .
So you are doing some work on a system and you need to upgrade a few apps .
A few minutes go by and you realize you have to leave .
You need to know when the process finishes or if it even finishes at all .
If you were to log into the machine from a different computer you would be able to tell if the task was still running by checking the running processes but you would n’t know if it finished OK , or if it needs user input since the SSH terminal is open to the original computer only .
Screen can be setup to allow you to detach your session and resume it by connecting to another computer eliminating the problem that was just described which screen .
To do this start up screen with :
screen -S sessionname
Then do your task when you are ready to detach the console do :
Ctrl+a d
Now when you are ready to resume work you can use :
screen -r sessionname
Your session should restore exactly how you left it .
Split Windows
Using screen to have split console screens is another use for screen .
This allows for some neat things .
Programmers often use this so they can have their text editor open and a shell open below it to execute the program they are working with .
This is especially useful for scripting languages like Perl or Python .
You could also use a split screen to open a man page of the program you are working on .
Split the screen with :
Ctrl+a S
Create a new window with :
Ctrl+a c
You can resize with :
Ctrl+a : resize
Switch windows wtih :
Ctrl+a tab
Kill a window with :
Ctrl+a k
Pair Programming
A less common approach to using screen is utilizing the multiuser mode to do pair programming or create a teaching environment .
Turn multiuser mode on :
Ctrl - a : multiuser on
Add permissions for user ( change user to the username you want to allow screen access ) :
Ctrl - a : acladd user
Now instruct the second user to connect to the screen with :
screen -x user / sessionname
Now the session is shared and both programmers can type into the terminal .
Further reading
When a word becomes so popular you begin hearing it everywhere , in all sorts of marginally related or even unrelated contexts , it means one of two things .
Either the word has devolved into a meaningless cliché , or it has real conceptual heft .
“ Green ” ( or , even worse , “ going green ” ) falls squarely into the first category .
But “ sustainable , ” which at first conjures up a similarly vague sense of environmental virtue , actually belongs in the second .
True , you hear it applied to everything from cars to agriculture to economics .
But that ’s because the concept of sustainability is at its heart so simple that it legitimately applies to all these areas and more .
Despite its simplicity , however , sustainability is a concept people have a hard time wrapping their minds around .
To help , Scientific American Earth 3.0 has consulted with several experts on the topic to find out what kinds of misconceptions they most often encounter .
The result is this take on the top 10 myths about sustainability .
And after this introduction , it ’s clear which myth has to come first ....
Myth 1 : Nobody knows what sustainability really means .
That ’s not even close to being true .
By all accounts , the modern sense of the word entered the lexicon in 1987 with the publication of Our Common Future , by the United Nations World Commission on Environment and Development ( also known as the Brundtland commission after its chair , Norwegian diplomat Gro Harlem Brundtland ) .
That report defined sustainable development as “ development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs . ”
Or , in the words of countless kindergarten teachers , “ Do n’t take more than your share . ”
Note that the definition says nothing about protecting the environment , even though the words “ sustainable ” and “ sustainability ” issue mostly from the mouths of environmentalists .
That point leads to the second myth ....
Myth 2 : Sustainability is all about the environment .
The sustainability movement itself — not just the word — also dates to the Brundtland commission report .
Originally , its focus was on finding ways to let poor nations catch up to richer ones in terms of standard of living .
That goal meant giving disadvantaged countries better access to natural resources , including water , energy and food — all of which come , one way or another , from the environment .
“ The economy , ” says Anthony Cortese , founder and president of the sustainability education organization Second Nature , “ is a wholly owned subsidiary of the biosphere .
The biosphere provides everything that makes life possible , assimilates our waste or converts it back into something we can use . ”
If too many of us use resources inefficiently or generate waste too quickly for the environment to absorb and process , future generations obviously wo n’t be able to meet their needs .
Says Paul Hawken , the author ( his latest book is Blessed Unrest : How the Largest Movement in the World Came into Being , and Why No One Saw it Coming ) and entrepreneur ( he ’s a co-founder of the Smith & Hawken garden tools company ) who helped to found the sustainability movement :
“ We have an economy where we steal the future , sell it in the present , and call it GDP [ gross domestic product ] . ”
If people continue to pour carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) into the air , for example , we wo n’t necessarily exhaust resources ( there ’s plenty of coal still in the ground ) , but we will change the climate in ways that could very likely impose huge burdens on future generations .
The same , of course , goes for the poisonous by - products other than CO2 from all kinds of human activity , from manufacturing to mining to energy generation to agriculture , that get dumped onto the land and into streams , oceans and the atmosphere .
The nonenvironmental rationales for sustainability get a little squishier when we talk about intangibles , such as the beauty of nature or the value of wilderness .
“ In wildness is the preservation of the world , ” wrote Henry David Thoreau ; the national parks movement that began in the U.S. at the end of the 19th century and has since spread internationally springs from that idea .
In modern terms , because humans evolved in a nontechnological world , we seem to need some connection to nature to be content .
That concept is tough to prove scientifically .
Nevertheless , says Nancy Gabriel , program director at the Sustainability Institute in Hartland , Vt. , “ If you look at Western society , you have huge rates of depression , isolation , [ and ] people who are disenfranchised .
I think that reconnecting to the land is an important way of reestablishing a basic level of happiness . ”
That kind of intangible connection has led towns , cities and states all over the U.S. , but especially in built - up areas , to preserve land for open space .
A related but separate myth is ....
Myth 3 : “ Sustainable ” is a synonym for “ green . ”
Although there ’s a fair amount of overlap between the terms , “ green ” usually suggests a preference for the natural over the artificial .
With some six billion people on the planet today , and another three billion expected by the middle of the century , society cannot hope to give them a comfortable standard of living without a heavy dependence on technology .
Electric cars , wind turbines and solar cells are the antithesis of natural — but they allow people to get around , warm their houses and cook their food with renewable resources ( or at least , a much smaller input of nonrenewables ) while emitting fewer noxious chemicals .
It ’s probably more difficult to see nuclear power as sustainable .
Unlike the other alternative energy sources , it has long been anathema to environmentalists , largely because of the problem of storing radioactive waste .
But nuclear reactors are also a highly efficient source of power , emit no pollutant gases and — with some types , anyway — can be designed to generate minimal waste and to be essentially meltdown - proof .
That ’s why Patrick Moore , a co-founder of Greenpeace , has become a nuclear booster and why many other environmentalists are beginning — sometimes grudgingly — to entertain the idea of embracing nuclear .
Calling it green would be a stretch .
Calling it sustainable is much less of one .
Myth 4 : It ’s all about recycling .
“ I get that a lot , ” says Shana Weber , the manager of sustainability at Princeton University .
“ For some reason , recycling was the enduring message that came out of the environmental movement in the early 1970s . ”
And of course , recycling is important : reusing metals , paper , wood and plastics rather than tossing them reduces the need to extract raw materials from the ground , forests and fossil - fuel deposits .
More efficient use of pretty much anything is a step in the direction of sustainability .
But it is just a piece of the puzzle .
“ I deal with the people who run the recycling program here , ” Weber notes , “ but also with purchasing , dining services , the people who clean the buildings .
The most important areas by far in terms of sustainability are energy and transportation . ”
If you think you are living sustainably because you recycle , she says , you need to think again .
Myth 5 : Sustainability is too expensive .
If there is an 800 - pound gorilla in the room of sustainability , this myth is it .
That ’s because , as Gabriel observes , “ there ’s a grain of truth to it . ”
But only a grain .
“ It ’s only true in the short term in certain circumstances , ” Cortese says , “ but certainly not in the long term . ”
The truth lies in the fact that if you already have an unsustainable system in place — a factory or a transportation system , for example , or a furnace in your house , an incandescent lightbulb in your lamp or a Hummer in your driveway — you have to spend some money up front to switch to a more sustainable technology .
In general , governments and companies can take that step more easily than individuals can .
“ Over the past seven years , ” Cortese explains , “ DuPont has made investments that have reduced its greenhouse gas emissions by 72 percent over 1990 levels .
They ’ve saved $ 2 billion . ”
The Pentagon is determined to cut its energy use by a third , both to save money and to reduce its dependence on risky foreign oil supplies .
Myth 6 : Sustainability means lowering our standard of living .
Not at all true .
It does mean that we have to do more with less , but as Hawken argues , “ Once we start to organize ourselves and innovate within that mind - set , the breakthroughs are extraordinary .
They will allow us to achieve greatly superior rates of resource productivity , which in turn allow us to be prosperous , fed , clad , secure . ”
Moreover , he and others maintain that the innovation at the heart of sustainable living will be a powerful economic engine .
“ Addressing climate change , ” he says , “ is the biggest job creation program there is . ”
Myth 7 : Consumer choices and grassroots activism , not government intervention , offer the fastest , most efficient routes to sustainability .
Popular grassroots actions are helpful and ultimately necessary .
But progress on some reforms , such as curbing CO2 emissions , can only happen quickly if central authorities commit to making it happen .
That is why tax credits , mandatory fuel - efficiency standards and the like are pretty much inevitable .
That conclusion drives free - market evangelists crazy , but they operate on the assumption that wasteful use of resources and the destruction of the environment is without cost , which is demonstrably untrue .
To cite just one example , economic devastation is very likely under even the mildest plausible climate change scenarios , in the form of disruptions to agriculture from shifts in rainfall patterns and growing zones ; densely populated coastal areas will be rendered unlivable as sea level rises , and so on .
Yet the price currently being charged to people who add greenhouse gases to the atmosphere is zero .
Putting a per -ton tax on carbon emissions would be wildly unpopular , but it would for the first time account for the real costs of unsustainable energy use .
Free -market purists also argue that with respect to the depletion of natural resources , rising prices will automatically push people into more efficient behavior .
True enough — but the transition can be painful and disruptive .
The primary reason U.S. automakers are in such trouble is that they have been depending for years on high - profit , gas - guzzling SUVs .
When the price of oil shot up last year , the market for big cars plummeted ( gas prices have only come down since then in the face of a worldwide recession , which has n’t helped the auto industry ) .
So car buyers may have changed their behavior , but only at the cost of potential disaster for some of America ’s biggest companies and their employees .
Still , rising energy prices have had the effect of again galvanizing research into wind , solar and other alternatives — and if you leave economic disruption aside , we can at least count on car companies to make more efficient vehicles and on utilities to find more sustainable sources of energy .
But that outcome may reflect another myth … .
Myth 8 : New technology is always the answer .
Not necessarily .
During his presidential campaign , Barack Obama made the tactical mistake of pointing out that proper tire inflation could save Americans millions of gallons of gasoline through better fuel economy .
The Republicans ridiculed him , just as they did President Jimmy Carter for appearing on TV in a sweater during the energy crisis of the late 1970s .
Both Carter and Obama were right , however ( California ’s Republican governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has called for proper tire inflation as well ) .
In other words , sometimes existing technology can make a huge difference .
Sometimes it takes a creative business model .
Israeli entrepreneur Shai Agassi , for example , wants to electrify the world ’s car fleet — widely acknowledged as a big step toward cutting down carbon emissions — not by inventing a battery that gets 200 miles on a charge but by inventing a better system for letting drivers go as far as they want without recharging .
His proposal , which has been adopted on a pilot basis by Israel and Denmark , would create battery exchange stations along highways , analogous to the gas canister exchanges that people now use for barbecue grills .
What do you do if you are out on the road and your battery is running low ?
You pull into a station , your dead battery is swapped for a fully charged one and you ’re on the road again in a few minutes .
“ He ’s delivering distance , not better batteries , ” says Mark Lee , CEO of the London consulting firm SustainAbility .
“ There ’s an Italian utility that ’s selling its customers hot water , not energy to heat water .
It ’s a different way of measuring , and it gives the company an incentive to be more efficient so it can be more profitable . ”
Myth 9 : Sustainability is ultimately a population problem .
This is not a myth , but it represents a false solution .
Every environmental problem is ultimately a population problem .
If the world ’s population were only 100 million people , we would be hard - pressed to generate enough waste to overwhelm nature ’s cleanup systems .
We could dump all our trash in a landfill in some remote area , and nobody would notice .
Population experts agree that the best way to limit population is to educate women and raise the standard of living generally in developing countries .
But that strategy cannot possibly happen quickly enough to put a dent in the population on any useful timescale .
The U.N. projects that the planet will have to sustain another 2.6 billion people by 2050 .
But even at the current population level of 6.5 billion , we ’re using up resources at an unsustainable rate .
There is no way to reduce the population significantly without trampling egregiously on individual rights ( as China has done with its one - child policy ) , encouraging mass suicide or worse .
None of those proposals seems preferable to focusing directly on less wasteful use of resources .
Myth 10 : Once you understand the concept , living sustainably is a breeze to figure out .
All too often , a choice that seems sustainable turns out on closer examination to be problematic .
Probably the best current example is the rush to produce ethanol for fuel from corn .
Corn is a renewable resource — you can harvest it and grow more , roughly indefinitely .
So replacing gasoline with corn ethanol seems like a great idea .
Until you do a thorough analysis , that is , and see how energy - intensive the cultivation and harvesting of corn and its conversion into ethanol really are .
One might get a bit more energy out of the ethanol than was sunk into making it , which could still make ethanol more sustainable than gasoline in principle , but that ’s not the end of the problem .
Diverting corn to make ethanol means less corn is left to feed livestock and people , which drives up the cost of food .
That consequence leads to turning formerly fallow land — including , in some cases , rain forest in places such as Brazil — into farmland , which in turn releases lots of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
Eventually , over many decades , the energy benefit from burning ethanol would make up for that forest loss .
But by then , climate change would have progressed so far that it might not help .
You cannot really declare any practice “ sustainable ” until you have done a complete life - cycle analysis of its environmental costs .
Even then , technology and public policy keep evolving , and that evolution can lead to unforeseen and unintended consequences .
The admirable goal of living sustainably requires plenty of thought on an ongoing basis .
NEW STORY : " The Hungry , " by Kerry Donoghue
What are we without hunger and desire ?
Are we still human ?
A cynic might argue that it is the extent of our appetite that makes us special in the animal kingdom , but I propose that it is instead the nature of our craving that sets us apart .
All living creatures have insatiable hunger and use every tool available to satisfy their impossible needs , whether claws or atom bombs .
For instance , here is a man trying to eat more hot dogs than a Kodiac bear : Both man and bear can enjoy a glorious hot dog feast .
Yet , the man hungers for more : love , respect , tradition , expression , competition , joy , triumph , freedom .
Does the Kodiac hunger for more , or are hot dogs enough for the Kodiac ?
Can the bear know what it means to be victorious , having never ( even with its enormous tongue ) tasted defeat ?
In Kerry Donoghue 's beautiful new story " The Hungry , " we meet Glory and Buick DeGaulle , a young American couple who have deep , human hungers that can only find expression in shallow , atavistic obsessions .
They are rutting right now on the kitchen floor .
The smell of linoleum is strong in their nostrils , and their sweaty bodies press against one another with fever , lust , and hope .
But where are their dreams ?
Are their dreams as undivided as their genitalia ?
There was an article in The Hill the other day about Rep. Jane Harman 's plight :
Tangled in wiretap , opposed by left , Harman could face tough primary
Anti-war forces and liberal bloggers have despised Rep. Jane Harman ( D - Calif . ) for years , and now they smell blood in the water .
Harman has taken plenty of heat from her left flank over the years for supporting the Iraq war and President Bush ’s warrantless wiretapping program .
And now that she ’s in some political trouble for allegedly offering favors on a federal wiretap , her detractors might just have the ammo they need .
Already , 2006 primary opponent Marcy Winograd has opened an exploratory committee and others are also making their interest known .
Plus , bloggers are talking about recruiting one of the their own to challenge Harman .
Experts say the congresswoman looks OK right now , but the situation remains fluid .
That is all pretty much correct , but then Aaron Blake had a bit of other news in the story .
Howie Klein , the Southern California - based author of the DownWithTyranny blog , said the new revelations could help change that .
“ When Marcy ran the first time , it was a really tough road for her , because people did n’t understand , ” Klein said .
“ Even on a really great website like Daily Kos , there were a lot of people that did n’t understand . ”
Klein said a group of bloggers met earlier this year to discuss challenging Harman in a primary , weeks before the recent revelations .
He said many in the blogging community would like a fellow blogger , John Amato , to challenge Harman and that Amato is considering it .
I wanted to confirm to my readers that I am considering running for Jane Harman 's seat .
I 've had meetings with bloggers and activists way before this story broke and they have urged me on .
I 've also been contacted by established campaign managers who have won elections which included huge upsets in the past that have expressed a serious interest in managing my campaign .
This is a very important step in the process .
At this point I am considering it , but have n't made a decision yet .
I 'm going to take my time before I decide , but I thought I owed it to you to confirm this report .
Now back to our regularly scheduled content .
Thanks to two concepts driving the data center today — economy and green computing — server virtualization is a hot topic in the IT world and a lot of hardware and software vendors are offering solutions .
Virtualization solutions can have several benefits : they can let you easily migrate a virtual machine from one server to another , and let you provision a virtual as a reproducible clone image for , say , software development and testing .
The process for achieving virtualized server consolidation depends on your starting point :
If you are designing your system from scratch , you will likely implement virtualization from the ground up .
If your system already exists in the physical state , you will probably want to migrate from the physical environment to the virtual one .
I refer to the second process as physical - to - virtual migration , or P2V , and it ’s the subject of this article .
Several methods , manual and automatic , are generally available to facilitate P2V migration .
I ’ll talk about those methods and show you how to convert a physical server to a virtual machine using Clonezilla Live , a cloning - based solution .
With Clonezilla Live , you first create a system image from the physical server , then use the boot CD to restore the image onto the virtual machine ’s hard disk .
It ’s simple and fast , and it should be useful for software developers , system administrators , and support engineers who want to analyze a system copy while maintaining the original one unchanged ( and avoid possible hardware mismatch challenges ) .
Note : Virtual and physical systems hardware and software span a broad range , so the procedures in this article are meant as a reference guide .
You may have to do some things differently to get them to work for your migration project .
Introducing Clonezilla Live
Clonezilla is an open source ( GPL ) Norton Ghost - like duplication and clone solution that you can use to clone a particular partition or entire disk .
There are two releases : Clonezilla SE ( server edition ) and Clonezilla Live .
Clonezilla SE is best suited for backup and restoring multiple servers simultaneously across the network .
Clonezilla
Live is a more lightweight build for single - machine cloning .
Clonezilla Live is a combination of Debian Live and Clonezilla ; it has the following features and benefits :
It clones only the used blocks on the hard disk .
It provides multiple file system and even LVM support , including ext2 , ext3 , xfs , jfs , and LVM2 under GNU / Linux ; FAT , NTFS under Microsoft Windows ; and HFS + under Mac OS .
You do n’t need a diskless remote boot server ( Diskless Remote Boot in Linux , DRBL ) in Linux to set it up , as you do with Clonezilla SE .
CD / DVD , USB flash / hard drives , and PXE boots are supported .
It has a customized capability for boot and recovery procedure .
Clonezilla
Live uses such existing tools as Partition Image , ntfsclone , partclone , and dd to clone the partition or disk .
For unlisted file systems , Clonezilla uses dd to copy all used and unused blocks .
Clonezilla tips
For a successful migration , keep these tips in mind as you follow the steps in this article , and refer back to them as a summary .
Make sure the image repository has enough free space to store the data within the partition .
You can split images into multiple volume files to avoid maximum file - size limits .
Clonezilla wo n’t support restoring an image from a large hard disk or partition to a smaller one .
If Clonezilla Live wo n’t support the SCSI disk for all VMware versions , use the IDE type for VM creation .
To restore the image under the Clonezilla Live shell , you have to be logged in as root .
To restore the cloned partition image , the destination virtual disk has to be presented to Clonezilla as formatted .
For successful Windows ® migrations , you need solid knowledge of HAL and tools like sysprep .
When migrating a physical server to a virtual machine , you may run into the same limitations as when migrating one physical sever to another .
For example , you can not move a 64 - bit system image to a 32 - bit platform .
You are also most likely to encounter Hardware Abstract Layer ( HAL ) issues when restoring a Windows image onto the virtual machine .
Many free and commercial tools can help with system migration between the physical and virtual worlds ( PlateSpin PowerConvert , VMware Convert , Microsoft® Virtual Server Migration Tookit and the cloning software ) ; these migration tools can also solve the potential problems brought by the hardware mismatch between the physical server and the virtual machine .
One of their roles is to pass the necessary drivers to the operating system kernel and initialize the drivers properly during the system boot phase .
Of course , most of these P2V tools are more than you need for single - machine migration .
VMware Server is a free proprietary platform that provides support for multiple guest operating system types ( from Windows , Linux , Solaris , etc. ) on both Linux and Windows hosts .
As a full virtualization solution , the virtual machine monitors ( VMMs ) running on the hypervisor provide the virtual machines with all the available types of hardware resources , including the virtual BIOS , virtual memory , virtual SCSI controller , virtual network card , etc .
Because the guest operating systems are fully separated from the underlying hardware , they can run unmodified .
Now let ’s look at P2V migration using Clonezilla Live to clone a Windows system image onto the virtual machine hosted by VMware Server .
Step 1 .
Cloning a system partition
First , boot the physical server from the Clonezilla Live CD .
Clonezilla provides several boot choices .
For example , you can select the To RAM option to load Debian Live with Clonezilla into memory and leave the CD - ROM available for other uses .
Select the default , and you will get the language and keyboard layout settings .
Leave the default as is .
Next , choose whether to use a GUI - based backup and restore wizard or a Debian shell for advanced access and operation .
Use the Start_Clonezilla option unless you are an experienced user .
You ’ll see how to use the shell under Restoring the image onto the virtual machine .
Now , there are two options listed regarding the cloning types :
device - device is for device - to - device direct cloning .
device - image is for device - to - image backup .
Because you are converting a physical system to a virtual machine , the device - image type is the better choice .
Next , you have to select the image directory where the backup image writes to or restores from , as shown in Figure 1 .
The ssh - server , samba - server , and nfs - server options are useful when you have a network connected , and local disk free space or a backup image is not available .
In our case , we will clone the system partition and save it onto another partition within the same hard disk .
If you select the local_dev , you have the opportunity to choose the USB device as the Clonezilla image repository .
Figure 1 . Image repository choice
Depending on the internal and external ( USB ) inserted disks , you are now asked to select the place that will be linked to the image repository , / home / partimag .
An image actually is a directory under / home / partimag with all the image - related information and data files .
In this example , the system partition / dev/sda1 will be saved as the image put onto / dev/sda5 .
Thus , sda5 is selected to be mounted as / home / partimag / as shown in Figure 2 .
Figure 2 . Image partition
Figure 2 also shows additional command information to mount the image device and the current file system layout with the free space usage report on / home / partimag .
Make sure that the image repository has enough free space to store the data within the system partition .
As shown in Figure 3 , you can confirm the home directory for the Clonezilla image within the image device .
Figure 3 . Clonezilla mode
After this step , choose the mode that you are planning to use in Clonezilla Live .
You can choose to save or restore the whole local disk or an individual partition .
Select the third item , saveparts , for the partition backup .
After selecting the mode , you are asked to enter the image name ( Sys01-2009-02-23-img ) and the source device ( / dev/sda1 ) to back up .
The next several figures show advanced options for the image - creation process .
Because Clonezilla supports various file system formats and is integrated with partition cloning tools such as ntfsclone , partclone , partimage , and dd , the priority order of the tools to use can be set for the current file system .
Leave the default settings if you are not familiar with the file system to be cloned .
The default setting of -q ( ntfsclone > partimage > dd ) is best suited to our NTFS - based backup .
Figure 4 shows other parameters that you can set to optimize cloning .
Figure 4 . Clonezilla advanced extra parameters : clone
For a Windows system image , the option - rm - win - swap - hib saves backup and restore time by excluding the swap and hibernation files .
The - gm or - gs options are recommended if you want to transfer the saved image to another place and need to check image integrity when you restore the image .
Clonezilla
Live also allows you to choose the compression method with efficiency and duration considerations .
Some file systems do not support files larger than 2GB , so there is an option to set the maximum file size by splitting the image into multiple volume files .
Finally , you can designate an action with the -p parameter to indicate what to do after the cloning process finishes .
With your settings chosen , it ’s now time to review the operation and confirm your choices .
The backup and restore processes both use the ocs- sr tool ; after completing the settings through the Clonezilla GUI wizard , the tool shows you the ocs- sr command with the necessary parameters for achieving the same result from the command line .
It also creates a temporary file containing the command , saved under the /tmp directory .
Now , sit back and wait for the backup to be completed .
After it ’s done and the server boots up , transfer the image directory from the physical server to the place you will use as the restoration source for the virtual machine .
Step 2 .
Preparing the virtual machine
From here on , we ’ll be creating a virtual machine within VMware Server as the destination for system migration .
Make sure that the host environment complies with the VMware Server and guest operating system requirements and limitations .
Because the virtual machine will use the same processor as the host as a baseline , it requires that the host environment and the cloned physical server have compatible types of processors .
First , use the VMware New Virtual Machine Wizard to create the virtual machine .
During the process , select the operating system version that matches the cloned one from the physical server .
Also , you have to create a virtual disk equal to or larger in size than the partition where the original cloned system resides ; Clonezilla does not support restoring an image from a larger hard disk or partition to a smaller one .
During the Clonezilla Live restoration process , however , you are able to restore the image to a large hard disk according to the original disk layout .
Figure 5 . Specifying the virtual machine ’s disk capacity
Note : The Clonezilla Live kernel might not support the SCSI disk for earlier VMware Server versions .
In this case , when you create the virtual machine , use the IDE type for the virtual disks .
Second , change the virtual CD - ROM device to use the Clonezilla Live ISO image for the virtual machine , as shown in Figure 6 .
Figure 6 . Using Clonezilla Live ISO image in VM
Third , put the system image files from the previous section under the host server ’s second disk , Partition 0 of Physical Drive 1 .
Because VMware Server supports pass - through SCSI drive access on the host system , add another hard disk for the virtual machine with Partition 0 of Physical Drive 1 directly attached in VMware .
At the restore phase , this device will be presented to / home / partimag .
Figure 7 .
Attaching the partition with system image
Now that you have a compact virtual machine created , it ’s time to boot the virtual machine from Clonezilla Live .
Step 3 . Restoring the image onto the virtual machine
After the virtual machine boots up from the Clonezilla Live image , Clonezilla Live has the same GUI - based wizard interface for restoration as for backup until you choose the mode , as shown in Figure 8 .
In this example , we will enter the Debian - based Clonezilla Live shell directly to select a manual restoration .
Figure 8 . Clonezilla Live shell
To restore the image under the Clonezilla Live shell , you must log on as root , as in Listing 1 ; this gives you full access to Clonezilla .
Listing 1 . Becoming root user user@debian : ~$ sudo su ‑ debian : ~# Show more
Show more icon
Now you need to determine the destination disk for restoration and the disk where the source image is to be placed .
Listing 2 shows two local hard disks .
Listing 2 . Viewing disk information debian : ~#fdisk ‑l Disk / dev/sda : 42.9 GB , 42949672960 bytes 255 heads , 63 sectors / track , 5221 cylinders Units = cylinders of 16065 ∗ 512 = 8225280 bytes Disk identifier : 0x00000000 Disk / dev/sda does n't contain a valid partition table Disk / dev/sdb : 160.0 GB , 160039272960 bytes 255 heads , 63 sectors / track , 19457 cylinders Units = cylinders of 16065 ∗ 512 = 8225280 bytes Disk identifier : 0xa0 bea0be Device Boot Start End Blocks Id System / dev/sdb1 1 19457 156288321 7 HPFS/NTFS
Show more
Show more icon
/ dev/sda is the virtual disk we created as the restoration destination ; it is unformatted .
/ dev/sdb is PhysicalDrive 1 of the host server that we attached to the virtual machine directly in the form of a pass - through SCSI device ; we have the cloned system image on it .
To restore the cloned partition image , the destination virtual disk has to be presented to Clonezilla as formatted .
You can use the fdisk tool to write the label onto the virtual disk .
This procedure is shown in Listing 3 .
Listing 3 . Formatting the destination disk # fdisk / dev/sda Device contains neither a valid DOS partition table , nor Sun , SGI or OSF disklabel Building a new DOS disklabel with disk identifier 0xee2955 bc .
Changes will remain in memory only , until you decide to write them .
After that , of course , the previous content wo n't be recoverable .
The number of cylinders for this disk is set to 5221 .
There is nothing wrong with that , but this is larger than 1024 , and could in certain setups cause problems with : 1 ) software that runs at boot time ( e.g. , old versions of LILO ) 2 ) booting and partitioning software from other OSs ( e.g. , DOS FDISK , OS / 2 FDISK ) Warning : invalid flag 0x0000 of partition table 4 will be corrected by w( rite ) Command ( m for help ) : Command action e extended p primary partition ( 1‑4 ) p Partition number ( 1‑4 ) : 1 First cylinder ( 1‑5221 , default 1 ) : Using default value 1 Last cylinder or + size or + sizeM or + sizeK ( 1‑5221 , default 5221 ) : Using default value 5221 Command ( m for help ) : Command ( m for help ) : w
The partition table has been altered !
Calling ioctl( ) to re‑read partition table .
[ 866.679048 ] sd 0:0:0:0 : [ sda ] 83886080 512 ‑ byte hardware sectors ( 42950 MB ) [ 866.682658 ] sd 0:0:0:0 : [ sda ]
Write Protect is off [ 866.683795 ] sd 0:0:0:0 : [ sda ]
Cache data unavailable [ 866.683822 ] sd 0:0:0:0 : [ sda ]
Assuming drive cache : write through [ 866.686443 ] sda : sda1 [ 866.695530 ] sd 0:0:0:0 : [ sda ] 83886080 512 ‑ byte hardware sectors ( 42950 MB ) [ 866.698278 ] sd 0:0:0:0 : [ sda ]
Write Protect is off [ 866.699422 ] sd 0:0:0:0 : [ sda ]
Cache data unavailable [ 866.699495 ] sd 0:0:0:0 : [ sda ]
Assuming drive cache : write through [ 868.702058 ] sda : sda1 Syncing disks .
Show more
Show more icon
We can accept the default values in Listing 3 .
The partition type is not a concern at this time because it will be re-created by Clonezilla during the image restoration .
As with the backup procedure , you must mount a writable device or space as / home / partimag , then Clonezilla will search the cloned image directory under / home / partimag .
To prepare the restoration from the image on the partition / dev/sdb1 to the newly created partition / dev/sda1 , first mount / dev/sdb1 to /home / partimag with the writable privilege .
Note that here , / dev/sdb1 is an NTFS file system on the host server , and it may be open , so a force option might be required to mount it successfully .
See Listing 4 .
Listing 4 .
Mounting the image device to / home / partimag debian : ~#mount ‑t ntfs‑3g / dev/sdb1 / home / partimag ‑o force debian : ~#ls /home / partimag Sys01‑2009‑02‑23‑img
Show more
Show more icon
When /home / partimag and the destination partition are ready , you have to choose the best way to restore the image for your environment .
Just as for backup , Clonezilla provides a variety of advanced and flexible options for image restoration .
See Figure 9 for the restoration parameters and their meanings .
Figure 9 . Clonezilla advanced extra parameters : restore
For Windows system image restoration , the boot header has to be written to the destination disk .
To achieve this , use - j0 ( use dd to create partition table ) and - t1 ( client restores the prebuilt MBR from syslinux ) .
The hnX PC ( X is 0 or 1 ) option is good for ensuring that your environment has a unique Windows machine name .
In case you do n’t want to keep your current destination partition layout , you also can try - k1 or another partition - relation parameter to create another partition table .
Listing 5 restores the image Sys01 - 2009 - 02 - 23 - img from / home / partimag ( / dev/sdb1 ) to the destination device , / dev/sda1 .
Listing 5 . Using the command line to restore the image debian:~#/opt/drbl/sbin/ocs‑sr
‑e1 auto ‑c ‑t1 ‑r ‑j3 ‑cm ‑j0 ‑p reboot restoreparts " Sys01‑2009‑02‑23‑img " " sda1 " Show more Show more icon
Figure 10 shows the summary and progress updates you ’ll receive after you confirm the choice .
After that , you have your cloned system on a virtual machine .
Figure 10 .
Clonezilla restore summary and progress
When the restoration is done , you can watch your system boot up from the virtual machine .
To get better performance , install the VMware Tools for the virtual operating system .
Conclusion
This article has shown you how to complete a physical - to - virtual system migration using an image - based method and open source tools .
Remember to use the steps here as a reference ; due to differences in environments , your system and migration experience may be different from what you read here .
Carcade tea is made from the flowers of a tropical plant .
This showy shrub belongs to the mallow family and it is called Hibiscus sabdariffa .
This plant is very close to the Shoe Black Plant , or the Rose of China .
It produces large 4 inch diameter flowers that have deep red petals with a purple centre .
Carcade flowers are known for their strong smell , and the shrub has reddish hued leaves , branches and flower cup .
Why You Need to Drink Carcade Tea Regularly
Flower cups are used for brewing this deep red tea with a refreshing , slightly bitter taste .
You can easily quench your thistle with this healing drink .
Drinking carcade tea regularly helps avoiding the risk of vitamin deficiencies and related adverse effects .
Vitamins and microelements contained in the tea vitalize our energy , improve tonicity and strengthen the immune system .
It is a great drink for winter time when we lack vitamins and often suffer from cold or other virus infections .
Why Carcade Tea Has Sour Taste
Flower petals become juicy , fleshy and deep red in color as they wither .
Carcade flowers are used not only for tea but also for jellies , sauces , compotes and even marinades .
Carcade tea is a source of various organic acids such as apple , tartaric and lemon acids .
That ’s what gives this drink its nice slightly sour taste .
Health Benefits of Carcade Tea
Anthocyans – the matter that accounts for carcade red color – help strengthen the wall of blood vessels and regulate its penetration .
red color – help strengthen the wall of blood vessels and regulate its penetration .
Many diseases are caused by fatty deposits in blood vessels that result in thick walls and poor blood flow .
The major remedy against cholesterol deposits is gamma- linolenic acid because it can dissolve fat cells .
deposits is gamma- linolenic acid because it can dissolve fat cells .
Carcade tea is a rich natural source of gamma- linolenic acid , so it helps prevent blood vessel problems as well as effectively reduce high cholesterol level .
tea is a rich natural source of gamma- linolenic acid , so it helps prevent blood vessel problems as well as effectively reduce high cholesterol level .
Carcade tea has stress - releasing and relaxing effects due to vitamins and essential amino acids contained in the drink .
and essential amino acids contained in the drink .
It helps restore male sexual potency and fight female frigidity .
and fight female frigidity .
Carcade promotes brain metabolism .
. Carcade tea is a great remedy for chronic fatigue .
Drinking the Best Carcade Tea
Carcade tea may greatly differ in taste and useful properties .
Choose only whole petals of the carcade flower because they would have all useful properties .
Generally , tea powder and tea bags are of poor quality .
You can drink carcade tea cold or hot .
For both drinks , brewing procedure is very important .
It is recommended to brew carcade tea for 5 - 10 minutes .
The tea should have vinous color and slightly bitter taste .
If carcade is brewed for too long , it may become a little too bitter and sour .
But harsh taste is not the major problem .
The thing is that long exposure to hot water destroys many useful substances in this tea .
For example , hot temperatures essentially reduce the vitamin C content .
By the way , carcade is twice as rich in vitamin C than oranges .
It is better to brew carcade with warm water to save all vitamins and microelements .
Of course , brewing will take more time , about an hour .
Dietitians also state that cold carcade tea is healthier .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
There have been around 50 reported cases of Foreign Accent Syndrome A man from Yorkshire claims to have started speaking in a broad Irish accent after waking up from a brain operation .
Why ?
He 's never even visited Ireland , but when Chris Gregory came round from brain surgery he reportedly started speaking like a native .
Mr Gregory had spent three days on a life - support machine after surgery .
When he came round he sang a stirring rendition of Danny Boy from his hospital bed , much to the surprise of staff and his family .
His strange behaviour is thought to be the result of a very rare condition called Foreign Accent Syndrome ( FAS ) .
People who have it start speaking in an entirely different accent .
In some cases they speak fluently in a language they hardly know .
THE ANSWER Happens after a neurological condition , such as a stroke or head injury Tiny areas of the brain linked with language , pitch and speech patterns are damaged
It is not actually a foreign accent , it is the listener who attaches an accent to the changes Doctors believe it is triggered following a stroke or head injury , when tiny areas of the brain linked with language , pitch and speech patterns are damaged .
The result is often a drawing out or clipping of the vowels that mimic the accent of a particular country , even though the sufferer may have had limited exposure to that accent .
" This syndrome results in a very particular constellation of changes to the way a person speaks , " says Professor Sophie Scott , from the Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience at University College London .
" They do not actually develop a whole new accent , it is the listener who attaches a particular label to what they are hearing .
In the UK people are most likely to say someone with Foreign Accent Syndrome sounds French or German , while in the US people are mostly likely to be told they sound British . "
' Distressing '
There has been an estimated 50 recorded cases since the syndrome was first indentified in the 1940s .
A slight increase in cases has occurred in recent years , but this is probably because researchers are now looking out for them , says Prof Scott .
One of the first reported cases was in 1941 when a young Norwegian woman developed a German accent after being hit by bomb shrapnel during a World War II air raid .
She was shunned by friends and neighbours who thought she was a German spy .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines " It can be a very distressing experience for people , " says Prof Scott .
" We tend to take our voices for granted but people do n't like it when they do n't sound like themselves .
Society can be very judgemental when it comes to accents . "
In 2006 Linda Walker , 60 , woke from a stroke to find that her Geordie accent had been transformed into a Jamaican one .
At the time she said she was devastated .
" I 've lost my identity , because I never talked like this before , " she said .
" I 'm a very different person and it's strange and I do n't like it . "
The condition can be permanent or last for a few hours .
Some people get help to try learn how to speak in their usual accent again , but it can be a difficult process .
" Foreign Accent Syndrome changes the melody of your speech , the rhythms and specific sounds , " says Prof Scott .
" Changing that back to what it once was is not easy . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Star of Domino's Pizza Gross - Out Video Is Sorry Domino 's Pizza video - maker says she can't find work at fast - food chains .
May 4 , 2009  --
The Domino's Pizza employee who last month posted an online video of a co-worker violating a host of public health codes , grossing out millions of people and causing a public relations headache for the international franchise , is apologizing for the incident and says the backlash from the stunt is preventing her from finding new work .
Kristy Hammonds , 31 , tells ABC
News that she has become a local pariah and cannot find work to support her two children after filming her co-worker in the kitchen of a Conover , N.C. , Domino 's putting cheese in his nose , blowing mucous on a sandwich , appearing to pass gas on food and putting a sponge he would use to wash dishes between his buttocks .
Hammonds , a registered sex offender who faces felony food tampering charges from the Domino 's incident , says she has been turned down at several area fast food restaurants , including Taco Bell and McDonalds , when employers recognized her name and face .
Hammonds and Michael Setzer , her 32 - year - old co-worker and the video 's star , were both arrested after the video was posted online , and charged with food tampering , a felony in North Carolina .
The store at which they worked was shut down to be restaffed and disinfected , according to a Domino 's spokesman .
" This is Michael 's special Italian sandwich , " Setzer says on the video , before taking a piece of mozzarella cheese from his nose and putting it on a to - be - delivered sandwich .
Hammonds apologized for making the video , which was cut into multiple segments and distributed widely across the Web .
Soon after the video went viral Hammonds e-mailed the company to say it was a hoax and none of the food depicted was ever delivered .
She says her inability to find work has made it difficult to raise her two children , aged 4 and 8 months , whom she conceived with the aid of a sperm donor .
The baby , she said , has special needs .
Domino's Video Becomes PR Headache
When the employees ' video hit the Internet and went viral last month , Domino 's Pizza knew it was facing a public relations crisis capable of damaging its well - regarded 50 - year - old brand in a matter of days .
Through Twitter , blogs and YouTube , the video was viewed by millions of people within hours of its posting , highlighting the power of social media to tarnish a brand virtually overnight .
Domino's was the latest company to be on the wrong end of a " Twitter storm , " a spontaneously formed digital mob that rapidly shares information .
The company 's swift response to the employees and its wider customer base , using the same Web sites and media that were used to spread the video , has been praised by observers who nevertheless wonder if the company can emerge unscathed .
The digital mob played a role in alerting the company to the errant employees and tracking down their identities .
Readers of the consumer affairs blog consumerist.com , on which the video was posted early in the week , tracked Hammonds down through her YouTube account and identified the store by matching an exterior shot in a video with an image on Google maps .
" With customers ' help , we were able to find the store and identify the people involved , " said Domino 's spokesman Tim McIntyre .
" By Tuesday , we had contacted the franchise owner , given him the info we had and told him to take quick and decisive action . "
McIntyre said he first learned of the video from people who found it online and called or e-mailed him or the company .
Part of Domino 's approach to handling the outcry of disgusted patrons was for McIntyre to directly respond to individuals , targeting bloggers who spread the video and whom he hoped would disseminate the company 's response .
Rather than issue a formal press release to the mainstream press , which McIntyre feared would only encourage more people to find and view the video , he targeted the online audience that had expressed an interest .
" I 'm savvy enough to know that if I 'm contacted by a blogger , whatever I say is going to get posted , " McIntyre said .
" Even if I think I 'm responding to an individual , I 'm potentially talking to millions . "
Domino 's Shares Apology Via YouTube
When the company received the e-mail from Hammonds apologizing for the prank and claiming the tainted food was never delivered , Domino 's " copied e-mail verbatim and shared it with everyone , " McIntyre said .
The company then posted a video response on YouTube by company president Patrick Doyle , in the hopes that the same Twitter members and bloggers who spread the video would spread the corporate reaction and apology .
" We sincerely apologize for this incident , " said Doyle .
" We thank members of the online community who quickly alerted us and allowed us to take immediate action . "
This nature - attuned , woman - respecting , peaceful , and egalitarian culture prevailed in what is now Western Europe for thousands of years , Starhawk wrote , until Indo - European invaders swept across the region , introducing warrior gods , weapons designed for killing human beings , and patriarchal civilization .
Then came Christianity , which eventually insinuated itself among Europe 's ruling elite .
Still , the " Old Religion " lived , often in the guise of Christian practices .
Starting in the fourteenth century , Starhawk argued , religious and secular authorities began a 400 - year campaign to eradicate the Old Religion by exterminating suspected adherents , whom they accused of being in league with the devil .
Most of the persecuted were women , generally those outside the social norm — not only the elderly and mentally ill but also midwives , herbal healers , and natural leaders , those women whose independent ways were seen as a threat .
During " the Burning Times , " Starhawk wrote , some nine million were executed .
The Old Religion went more deeply underground , its traditions passed down secretly in families and among trusted friends , until it resurfaced in the twentieth century .
Like their ancient forebears , Wiccans revere the Goddess , practice shamanistic magic of a harmless variety , and celebrate the eight feasts , or sabbats , sometimes in the nude .
Subject to slight variations , this story is the basis of many hugely popular Goddess handbooks .
It also informs the writings of numerous secular feminists — Gloria Steinem , Marilyn French , Barbara Ehrenreich , Deirdre English — to whom the ascendancy of " the patriarchy " or the systematic terrorization of strong , independent women by means of witchcraft trials are historical givens .
Moreover , elements of the story suffuse a broad swath of the intellectual and literary fabric of the past hundred years , from James Frazer 's The Golden Bough and Robert Graves 's The White Goddess to the novels of D. H. Lawrence , from the writings of William Butler Yeats and T. S. Eliot to Jungian psychology and the widely viewed 1988 public - television series The Power of Myth .
In all probability , not a single element of the Wiccan story is true .
The evidence is overwhelming that Wicca is a distinctly new religion , a 1950s concoction influenced by such things as Masonic ritual and a late - nineteenth - century fascination with the esoteric and the occult , and that various assumptions informing the Wiccan view of history are deeply flawed .
Furthermore , scholars generally agree that there is no indication , either archaeological or in the written record , that any ancient people ever worshipped a single , archetypal goddess — a conclusion that strikes at the heart of Wiccan belief .
IN the past few years two well - respected scholars have independently advanced essentially the same theory about Wicca 's founding .
In 1998 Philip G. Davis , a professor of religion at the University of Prince Edward Island , published Goddess Unmasked : The Rise of Neopagan Feminist Spirituality , which argued that Wicca was the creation of an English civil servant and amateur anthropologist named Gerald B. Gardner ( 1884-1964 ) .
Davis wrote that the origins of the Goddess movement lay in an interest among the German and French Romantics — mostly men— in natural forces , especially those linked with women .
Gardner admired the Romantics and belonged to a Rosicrucian society called the Fellowship of Crotona — a group that was influenced by several late - nineteenth - century occultist groups , which in turn were influenced by Freemasonry .
In the 1950s Gardner introduced a religion he called ( and spelled ) Wica .
Although Gardner claimed to have learned Wiccan lore from a centuries - old coven of witches who also belonged to the Fellowship of Crotona , Davis wrote that no one had been able to locate the coven and that Gardner had invented the rites he trumpeted , borrowing from rituals created early in the twentieth century by the notorious British occultist Aleister Crowley , among others .
Wiccans today , by their own admission , have freely adapted and embellished Gardner 's rites .
C++ Template Instantiation
There is still more C++ fun at link time , though somewhat less related to the linker proper .
A C++ program can declare templates , and instantiate them with specific types .
Ideally those specific instantiations will only appear once in a program , not once per source file which instantiates the templates .
There are a [ … ]
Only a few days left to Double your gift
Fortunately for your humble correspondent , Van Jones was so busy when the editors of the new book , Mandate for Change : Policies and leadership for 2009 and beyond , were looking for an author for their chapter about green jobs , that they turned to me instead .
This is part one of three posts that will serialize my chapter .
There are over 40 great contributors besides me , your humble … well , anyway , buy the book !
We face several simultaneous crises — global warming , high oil prices , a brittle agricultural system and a major economic slowdown — all of which can be addressed at the same time by embarking on a program of creating millions of high - quality green collar jobs .
A green - collar jobs program can help create an environmentally and economically sustainable society that : drastically reduces its greenhouse gas emissions ; encourages energy independence from oil ; eliminates the worry of heating and cooling one ’s home ; and increases food security , all while providing millions of high - quality , well - paying , long - term jobs , thus bringing millions of people into a stable middle class .
The following eight initiatives could result in transportation , energy , building construction , agricultural and manufacturing sectors that would have very low carbon emissions , would be economically and ecologically sustainable for the foreseeable future , and whose workers and employees would all be green - collar .
First , the infrastructure of the United States is crumbling , which means that there is plenty of work to do even without worries about global warming , oil and food .
We should build a sustainable infrastructure , not just maintain the one that we have .
Senators Chris Dodd and Chuck Hagel introduced a bill in 2007 , the National Infrastructure Bank Act [ PDF ] , which is a good starting point for a discussion about how to rebuild the country ’s infrastructure .
Infrastructure funding has been inadequate for decades , and we need an institution that can provide long - term stability of funding .
However , the federal government should go even further and create a bank that also develops human capital .
The bank could be called an Infrastructure Capital Development Bank , one that would , in addition to providing funding for infrastructure construction , run a network of Training Institutes that would train the millions of people we need in order to build a sustainable economy .
Green - collar jobs need green - collar job classes .
In addition , the Bank could help businesses start up or expand their green - collar activities , with financial help and / or by providing technical assistance .
If desired , the Bank could help these firms become employee - owned - and - operated , thus increasing efficiency and insuring that jobs stay in the United States .
Second , our transportation industries are in trouble because the era of cheap oil is over , and at the same time we need to drastically cut our carbon emissions .
For inter-city travel , our infrastructure has been built around airplanes , cars and trucks .
In much of the world , however , trains of various kinds fulfill the roles of intercity passenger and freight transportation .
In the United States , the incoming Administration has a chance to jump - start the construction of a national network of electrified high - speed passenger and freight trains .
At least initially , foreign companies will be the only ones with the expertise to produce high - speed trains .
If domestic content legislation was passed , these companies and the hundreds of subcontractors that would be needed for such systems could employ a whole new generation of high - skill blue - collar , or blue - green - collar workers .
High - speed rail is the cutting edge of transportation technology , having been developed even more recently than air travel , much less the 100 - year - plus old technology of the internal combustion engine .
There are already several federally recognized high - speed rail networks “ in waiting , ” around Chicago , Ohio , Texas , Florida and California , in addition to the one between Boston and Washington , D.C. , which could certainly be expanded .
A national system of high - speed rail could do in the twenty - first century what the Interstate Highway System did for the United States after World War II : create the infrastructure for a period of high - speed economic growth .
In addition , if the rail system was powered by solar and wind - generated electricity , the United States would have the first carbon - free inter-city transportation system in the world .
Third , as oil prices increase , so does the demand for public transportation .
Subways and light rail can be run on renewable electricity , and commuter rail systems can be expanded and electrified .
In addition , many cities are contemplating bus rapid transit , pioneered in Curitaba , Colombia , which allow buses to move much faster and more comfortably .
Currently , as in the case of high - speed rail , there are no domestic primary contractors for subway construction , but in the case of New York State , domestic content laws have led to the establishment of many subway construction factories , and the same could be mandated across the country .
Again , these are blue - green - collar jobs , jobs in industry that will help us move toward a zero carbon emission economy , while making us energy independent and more secure .
Another advantage to public transit is that it will encourage the development of dense , “ mixed - use ” city and town areas , that is , areas that are composed of apartment buildings , stores , offices and other kinds of buildings .
Christopher Leinberger of the Brookings Institution calls for the construction of “ walkable urbanism ” that is , “ the development approach that creates pedestrian - oriented , mixed - use and mixed - income places . ”
When there are fixed subway or light rail stops , then developers , prospective residents and store owners can be confident that there will be fast and easy transportation to any residence or store .
The construction of dense , mixed use buildings near transit stops will bring about a construction boom for decades to come .
Building construction or reconstruction , not normally considered “ green , ” should be so categorized if new construction takes place near transit stops .
There are two ways to make buildings “ green ” — make them energy efficient , and place them in dense areas next to transit stops .
Thus , public transit decreases carbon emissions , helps us achieve energy independence , and lays the groundwork for walkable communities .
In addition , staffing , maintaining and building public transit will provide millions of high - quality jobs all across the country .
Since the transit and construction jobs will be in urban areas , low - income neighborhoods can be targeted for recruitment into training and apprenticeship programs .
While government can directly create networks of rail and transit , it can also indirectly encourage the replacement of gasoline - only automobiles and trucks with plug - in hybrids and all - electric vehicles .
The first step in this process would be to mandate that all federal cars and trucks be plug-ins or all - electric by 2020 .
Eventually , if the entire transportation sector can run on renewable electricity , then all jobs in the transportation sector will be green - collar .
It is the first time the V&A has offered such a post to an architect ; the placement will be for a six - month period from January 2010 and will be based within the museum ’s arts education unit , the Sackler Centre .
The residency will provide an architect access to the collections of the V&A to carry out research , learn skills and create new work .
The architect will also have the opportunity to draw on specialist expertise , meet practitioners and curators and work alongside educators to promote greater public understanding of art and design research and practice .
‘ It is a good opportunity for graduates to work in a studio , especially given the current climate , ’ said Abraham Thomas , a curator at the V&A .
‘ We hope this offers young , creative practitioners the chance to have six months in a studio where they will get the opportunity to work with curators and the public . ’
Advertisement
The deadline for all applications will be 30 April , with shortlisting on 6 May .
Applicants can apply on the V&A ’s website at www.vam.ac.uk/jobs
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Barbie , the iconic doll that has claimed countless hours of girls ’ lives in a make - believe world that mirrored real life glamour , high - fashion and fabulous careers , is turning 50 .
Barbie dolls sit on a display before the Barbie house opening ceremony in Shanghai March 6 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Aly Song
But is her star fading ?
Some people say Mattel ’s doll that has had such “ careers ” as astronaut , Army medic , scuba diver , pediatrician and presidential candidate , has run her course .
“ It ’s very clear that the taste of little girls who play with dolls has changed , ” said Jerry Oppenheimer , author of a book on Mattel called ‘ Toy Monster . ’
“ They have come into the 21st century , where they play on their own laptops , and have their own cell phones .
Dolls will be a part of their lives ... and Barbie will be part of that , but it will be a small window . ”
Introduced at a toy fair in New York City on March 9 , 1959 as a teenage fashion model , Barbie , whose full name is Barbie Millicent Roberts , cost $ 3 .
With her shapely figure , carefully styled pony tail and curly bangs , strapless black and white geometric bathing suit and spiked heels , Barbie was at once an instant rage and outrageous .
At a time when “ Leave It to Beaver ” was depicting the so - called “ All - American Family ” and June Cleaver never showed any cleavage , Barbie created her share of controversy .
Created by Ruth Handler 14 years after she and her husband Elliot started the toy company Mattel Creations , sales of Barbie reached 300,000 the first year .
BIG BIRTHDAY BASH
Whither Barbie goes , the world ’s No. 1 toymaker is waging an extensive campaign to promote Barbie , perhaps its most notable toy , and celebrate her birthday .
Mattel has opened a six - story flagship store in Shanghai called House of Barbie , featuring a restaurant , spa and runway where girls can pretend to be fashion models .
Film stars Jet Li and Cathy Chung attended the Shanghai opening .
Supermodel Heidi Klum and other celebrities are expected on Monday at Mattel ’s Malibu Dream House party in a 3,500 - square foot house at Malibu , California , near Los Angeles .
The interior of the house was designed by Jonathan Adler .
One of Barbie ’s major attractions over the past five decades has been her clothes , created by some of the world ’s most famous designers , including Gucci , Calvin Klein , Galliano and Versace .
Throughout her life , Barbie ’s hair and fashions have reflected real life haute couture , and fashion trends and crazes .
Fans mobbed a fashion show at New York ’s Fashion Week in February , where models took to the runway in 50 new designer outfits to celebrate Barbie ’s life of fashion .
On March 14 , specialty toy store chain Toys “ R ” Us is due to hold a Barbie party at its flagship store in Manhattan .
A ROLE MODEL - STILL ?
“ Growing up , my sister had the nurse outfit for Barbie and my sister became a nurse , ” said Nancy Parsons , 50 , who has been collecting Barbie dolls for 25 years .
“ It was what she was , what she could be .
It gave even little girls the idea that ‘ I could do that . ’ ”
Parsons , who prefers the vintage Barbie and has amassed a collection of about 500 dolls , is president of the Western Pennsylvania Doll Club , which is hosting the 2009 National Barbie Doll Collectors Convention in Washington D.C. in June .
The event , Parsons said , draws collectors who show and sell Barbie dolls , clothes and other items made for the doll .
Other collectors said they are ardent Barbie fans .
But is she still a hit with youngsters ?
Sales of Barbie dolls declined 6 percent in the United States and 28 percent overseas in the last quarter .
It is far from certain if Mattel ’s efforts to spark greater interest in Barbie by lighting birthday candles around the world will pay off .
But one thing was evident in the looks on faces of dejected fans , ranging in age from tots with parents to college students and business people who were turned away at the crowded fashion show -- Barbie still has a devoted audience .
“ I really do n’t see Barbie disappearing at all , ” said Stephanie Gentile , 25 , of Pittsburg , Pennsylvania , a Barbie collector for nine years .
“ She ’s still so popular with collectors and young girls alike .
She ’s still got another 50 years in her . ”
The following characters appear most frequently ( group picture ) : Henery Hawk - a young chickenhawk who usually is seen looking for a chicken to eat , but does n't know what a chicken looks like .
Henery 's career actually predates the Foghorn Leghorn cartoons with the 1942 cartoon The Squawkin ' Hawk .
What 's more , Foghorn 's career began as a supporting role for Henery in Walky , Talky Hawky .
Due to the popularity of the rooster , Foghorn was kept as a lead character of his own .
Mel Blanc supplied the voice for Henery .
- a young chickenhawk who usually is seen looking for a chicken to eat , but does n't know what a chicken looks like .
Henery 's career actually predates the Foghorn Leghorn cartoons with the 1942 cartoon .
What 's more , Foghorn 's career began as a supporting role for Henery in .
Due to the popularity of the rooster , Foghorn was kept as a lead character of his own .
Mel Blanc supplied the voice for Henery .
Barnyard Dawg - the guard dog for the barnyard who usually spends a good portion of the cartoon at either the giving or receiving end of a practical joke involving Foghorn .
Although his job is to protect the chickens , he frequently takes an active role enabling Foghorn 's pursuers to catch him .
Mel Blanc supplied the voice for Dawg .
There is some confusion and debate about the name of this character .
For one thing , Foghorn never calls him by any name other than " Dawg " or " B'rer Dawg " .
His first Foghorn cartoon appearance was in the first one , Walky Talky Hawky in 1946 , but the next year he appeared as " Mandrake " in the cartoon One Meat Brawl ( which featured Porky Pig and Grover Groundhog ) .
He appeared also as Elmer 's dog ( called Rover ) in Do n't Axe Me ( 1958 ) .
There are model sheets which list his name as either " Barnyard Dawg " , " Barnyard Dog " or " Dawg " .
And finally , he was called George P. Dog during appearances on the Bugs Bunny Show .
- the guard dog for the barnyard who usually spends a good portion of the cartoon at either the giving or receiving end of a practical joke involving Foghorn .
Although his job is to protect the chickens , he frequently takes an active role enabling Foghorn 's pursuers to catch him .
Mel Blanc supplied the voice for Dawg .
There is some confusion and debate about the name of this character .
For one thing , Foghorn never calls him by any name other than " Dawg " or " B'rer Dawg " .
His first Foghorn cartoon appearance was in the first one , in 1946 , but the next year he appeared as " Mandrake " in the cartoon ( which featured Porky Pig and Grover Groundhog ) .
He appeared also as Elmer 's dog ( called Rover ) in ( 1958 ) .
There are model sheets which list his name as either " Barnyard Dawg " , " Barnyard Dog " or " Dawg " .
And finally , he was called George P. Dog during appearances on the Bugs Bunny Show .
Miss Prissy - a spinster hen with ( usually ) a limited vocabulary who is sometimes after Foghorn for her husband ( e.g. Lovelorn Leghorn ) , and other times Foghorn woos her to get into her warm henhouse for the winter ( e.g. Strangled Eggs , Little Boy Boo ) .
Miss Prissy 's voice is not always the same - her voice was most often supplied by Bea Benaderet , but was voiced by June Foray in A Broken Leghorn , Julie Bennett or June Foray in Strangled Eggs ( I 'm not certain which one ) and by Nancy Wible in The Yolk 's on You .
Some believe that the Miss Prissy character was inspired by another lovesick chicken named Emily who had appeared in three earlier WB cartoons .
- a spinster hen with ( usually ) a limited vocabulary who is sometimes after Foghorn for her husband ( e.g. ) , and other times Foghorn woos her to get into her warm henhouse for the winter ( e.g. ) .
Miss Prissy 's voice is not always the same - her voice was most often supplied by Bea Benaderet , but was voiced by June Foray in , Julie Bennett or June Foray in ( I 'm not certain which one ) and by Nancy Wible in .
Some believe that the Miss Prissy character was inspired by another lovesick chicken named Emily who had appeared in three earlier WB cartoons .
Egghead Jr. - the silent son of Miss Prissy and the brainiest chicken in the yard .
The identity of the youngster 's dad is never revealed , but is presumably a rooster named Egghead ( after all , he is called " Egghead Junior " ) .
It is firmly established that he is not Foghorn 's son .
Foghorn often finds himself trying to teach him the bespeckled lad something only to have Egghead Jr. devise an incredible solution .
- the silent son of Miss Prissy and the brainiest chicken in the yard .
The identity of the youngster 's dad is never revealed , but is presumably a rooster named Egghead ( after all , he is called " Egghead Junior " ) .
It is firmly established that he is not Foghorn 's son .
Foghorn often finds himself trying to teach him the bespeckled lad something only to have Egghead Jr. devise an incredible solution .
Weasel ( unnamed ) - a hyperactive rascal who wonders into the chickenyard when hungry .
He is a bit like the Tazmanian Devil character , even making a Taz - like spinning sound when trying to chew on Foggy 's leg .
But poor weasel is less formidible than Taz , primarily due to his size .
He has even less of a vocabulary than Taz , consisting primarily of slurping , panting , and the occasional high - speed " yeah yeah yeah " .
Taz and Weasel were both created by the same person , Robert McKimson , with the " little lint - pickin ' weasel " appearing first .
So Weasel was almost certainly a major inspiration for the little Devil .
I 've seen claims that some time after the last Foghorn cartoon was made , Warner Bros. gave him the name of " Willie Weasel " but I have n't seen this confirmed by an official source .
Some other characters include : Pappy and Elvis - a father and son combo who are called chickenhawks in Dixie Fryer but who appeared as buzzards a year earlier when opposite Bugs Bunny in another McKimson cartoon , Backwoods Bunny .
The two were voiced by Daws Butler .
- a father and son combo who are called chickenhawks in but who appeared as buzzards a year earlier when opposite Bugs Bunny in another McKimson cartoon , .
The two were voiced by Rhode Island Red - Foghorn Leghorn 's old college chum who drops by unexpectedly in Raw !
Raw !
Rooster ! .
Red was voiced by Daws Butler .
There are some clips from Red on the sounds page , including Here 's Red !
- Foghorn Leghorn 's old college chum who drops by unexpectedly in .
Red was voiced by There are some clips from Red on the sounds page , including ( unnamed ) Barnyard Cat - a black and white cat ( no red nose like Sylvester ) who appears with Foggy in A Fractured Leghorn ( 1950 ) and Leghorn Swoggled ( 1951 ) ( and without Foggy in It 's Hummer Time ) .
He is probably remembered best for his role in the first of these as the cat who fights with Foggy over a worm and only has one line in the cartoon .
I have seen some cartoon fans refer to this cat as " McKimson 's cat " .
- a black and white cat ( no red nose like Sylvester ) who appears with Foggy in ( 1950 ) and ( 1951 ) ( and without Foggy in ) .
He is probably remembered best for his role in the first of these as the cat who fights with Foggy over a and only in the cartoon .
I have seen some cartoon fans refer to this cat as " McKimson 's cat " .
Kid Banty - a banty rooster who appeared in Sock A Doodle Doo .
He was introduced as the " pinfeather weight boxing champion " .
Anytime the little guy hears a bell , he comes out punching at whoever is nearby .
The Aviarios Sloth Sanctuary cares for injured and orphaned sloths in Costa Rica .
They also lead sloth education efforts to improve the plight of wild sloths .
From time to time , they even have a captive birth , including this baby three - toed sloth called a bradypus or pale - throated sloth .
At 2 days old , the baby bradypus weighed just 425 grams or 15 ounces !
Here the little guy tries to get a taste of what mom is eating .
At two weeks he has packed on the pounds , or pound rather , weighing 475 grams or just over 1 lb .
Ever Prosperity grounded in 1965
Ever Prosperity grounded in 1965
Ever Prosperity grounded in 1970
Ever Prosperity grounded in 1970
Ever Prosperity grounded in 1970
The strange story of the two " Ever Prosperity " .
They were twin ships ( " Liberty ships " ) , they had same name and same base port in Monrovia , Liberia .
The first " Ever Prosperity " went straight up on the West Coast barrier reef in 1965 .
The second one did exactly same in 1970 .
It was the same captain , a Korean man , who had been commanding each ship at the time of her grounding !
coordinates Ever Prosperity 1970 : 22°27'20.70 " S 166°22'00.69 " Ecoordinates Ever Prosperity 1965 : 21°54'38.45 " S 165°45 '19.01 " Epictures sources : 1 2 3 4 5 text source : 1 Artificial Owl recommends :
without numbers
minority leader
If you are even a teensy little bit into reason and rationality , then you are likely to wince every time you open a newspaper , surf the web or watch television .
The wince of the week definitely came from an interview that ABC ’s George Stephanopoulos conducted with G.O.P .
House opposition leader John Boehner .
The topic was global warming and what the Republican ’s “ plan ” to deal with it might look like ( do n’t laugh !
Well , not yet ) .
I prepared myself for the usual denial mixed with narrow - minded statements to the effect that we cannot afford to save the planet during a recession , and I was not disappointed .
But the real kicker came when Stephanopoulos asked Boehner : “ What is the Republican plan to deal with carbon emissions , which every major scientific organization has said is contributing to climate change ?
” Here is the answer , in full : “ George , the idea that carbon dioxide is a carcinogen that is harmful to our environment is almost comical .
Every time we exhale , we exhale carbon dioxide .
Every cow in the world , you know , when they do what they do , you ’ve got more carbon dioxide .
” Ok , let us analyze this piece of politico - scientific flim - flammery on Boehner ’s part .
First , he is saying that the idea that carbon dioxide is a carcinogen is comical .
It would be , if anyone had actually made that claim .
Boehner is confusing cancer with global warming , an astounding example of non-sequitur that he can quickly fix by checking out the definition of greenhouse gases on Wikipedia .
( Do n’t these people have science advisors ? )
Second , Boehner claims that farting cows emit carbon dioxide .
They do n’t , they produce methane ( which is a greenhouse gas ! ) .
Again , Mr. Boehner , please at least check Wikipedia if you ca n’t bother with a more highbrow source , the entry is “ methane .
” The interview then concludes with an unwitting bit of humor on Boehner ’s part ( at least , I think it was unwitting ... ) , when he said to Stephanopoulos : “ I think you ’ll see a plan from us .
Just like you ’ve seen a plan from us on the stimulus bill and a better plan on the budget . ”
Hmm , you mean like the very thin budgetyou came up with ?
Wanna go see what Wiki says about budgets ?
They typically include numbers .
This would be very funny if it were n’t for the fact that Boehner is n’t an irrelevant country bumpkin , he is theof a party that has been in control of the fate of this nation and of much of the world for the past eight years , a party that could regain control at any time because of the fickleness of the electorate and the vagaries of things like economies , wars and terrorist attacks .
There is absolutely no excuse for this level of ignorance by a prominent elected official .
It is of course natural to disagree on political issues ; it is even ok to be skeptical of a scientific consensus on the basis of one ’s own honest understanding of the situation .
But to say that cows discharge CO2 and that environmentalists claim that CO2 is a carcinogen is not just bizarre , it is a flagrant case of unethical and willful ignorance .
Boehner should be ashamed of himself and resign his post in disgrace .
Alas , that wo n’t happen until the cows come home .
I mean , until they fart CO2 .
You can also see the story as recounted by Chris Mooney and Sheril Kirshenbaum on their blog , and while you are it , pre-order their forthcoming book , Unscientific America .
L.A. Times 25 th Festival of Books is Going Virtual !
Join the Los Angeles Times , in partnership with USC , in celebrating 25 years of the Festival of Books , Stories & Ideas with 25 individual virtual events .
Due to the coronavirus , The Times has reimagined the festival as a communitywide virtual gathering .
Beginning on Sunday , October 18 , and continuing over the course of four weeks ,
The Times will celebrate storytelling with author panels , readings , and other events .
Please reserve your virtual front - row seat now for this free celebration of books !
The programming schedule will be announced on September 24 .
For details , go to latimes.com / FestivalofBooks and follow the festival on Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram ( #bookfest ) .
The Times will continue to monitor public health and safety protocols , but at this time , plans to hold next year ’s Festival of Books on the USC campus , April 17 - 18 , 2021 .
Microsoft officially announced the Zune HD today , confirming the earlier rumors and fleshing out the hardware side a bit .
It 's clearly going to go head - to - head with the iPod touch , featuring multitouch and a web browser , but will its high - end media features be enough to dethrone the touch ?
Advertisement
The flash - based Zune HD features a new industrial look compared to the line 's earlier understated matte style , and is the first to feature a touchscreen :
In this case , it 's a 3.3 " 16:9 widescreen capacitive OLED with multitouch , packing a resolution of 480x272 .
The " HD " badging comes from the inclusion of HD radio and HD ( 720 p ) video - out , though the latter is available only with an optional docking station .
The Zune HD will thus be the world 's first portable media player to include HD radio , which offers song and artist info and far better sound quality than traditional radio .
It 'll also include an accelerometer , which is pretty much standard at this point .
Advertisement
Wi-Fi has always been a part of the Zune brand ( however half - assedly implemented ) , and the Zune HD might be the first Zune that actually encourages its owners to keep that battery - sucking Wi -Fi turned on .
Yes , the Zune HD will feature multitouch browsing , using a portable browser based on Internet Explorer .
We 'll do our best to reserve judgment on that last part .
The other big news is a refocus on Zune integration with the Xbox environment , as the Zune 's video ( though not music , yet ) marketplace will replace the current Xbox Live version .
Microsoft reps were pretty tight - lipped on the subject , but come E3 , they 'll enlighten us with the details of the redesign .
Other tidbits : The Zune Marketplace is set to cross oceans , coming to several western European countries and , finally , Canada .
The Microsoft rep I talked to hinted that the Zune environment may not stay exclusive to Zune hardware : " Obviously , " he said , " mobile is a key and critical investment for the company . "
So do n't count out that Zune phone quite yet .
I got just about the same response when inquiring about a possible version of the App Store : Possible , but no confirmation .
So keep your eyes peeled for new developments on that front .
Advertisement
We 're still mostly in the dark about the big , important facts :
Release date is only specified as " early fall , " and both pricing and storage capacity are still under wraps .
This is still pretty bare - bones ; we have n't seen the redesigned touchscreen GUI or even held the thing in our hands .
I'm a proud Zune owner myself ( somebody had to take over as Angry Windows guy after Adam 's defection , right ? ) , and while I think Zunes are great , I 'm not thrilled with what I 've learned so far .
It 'll be a polished and great - sounding player , I 'm sure , but I really want to see something that pushes boundaries , and to me , that does n't mean HD radio .
We 'll update with the full press release and hopefully some more info as soon as possible .
Update : Here 's that release .
For Immediate Release May 26 , 2009 Microsoft Announces the Expansion of the Zune Entertainment Service to New Platform and Markets ; Confirms New Zune HD Portable Media Player Premium Zune digital entertainment service to be available internationally on Xbox LIVE .
REDMOND , Wash .
- May 26 , 2009 - Microsoft Corp. today announced the evolution of Zune , the company 's end - to - end music and entertainment service , to a new platform and new markets .
Zune will extend its video service to Xbox LIVE internationally this fall .
This marks an important development in the Zune strategy and brings the Zune brand to more than 17 million international Xbox LIVE subscribers .
In addition , Microsoft confirmed the next generation of the Zune portable media player , Zune HD .
Available in the U.S. this fall , Zune HD is the first portable media player that combines a built - in HD Radio receiver , high - definition ( HD ) video output capabilities , organic light - emitting diode ( OLED ) touch screen , Wi-Fi and an Internet browser .
" The Zune music player is an integral part of the overall Zune experience , and we 're proud to be growing and extending our offering beyond the device , " said Enrique Rodriguez , corporate vice president of the Microsoft TV , Video and Music Business Group .
" Delivering on Microsoft 's connected entertainment vision , this news marks a turning point for Zune as it brings cross-platform experiences and premium video content to living rooms around the world . "
Zune Service Expands to New Platform
Zune will be a premium partner in the Xbox LIVE Video Marketplace , bringing an exciting catalog of TV and film to the platform .
Zune will occupy the first slot within the Xbox user interface in the Xbox LIVE Video Marketplace , exposing the Zune brand experience to millions of new consumers for the first time .
At the Electronic Entertainment Expo ( E3 ) next week , attendees will see firsthand how Zune integrates into Xbox LIVE to create a game - changing entertainment experience .
Introducing Zune HD Zune HD is the next iteration of the Zune device family and brings a new level of listening and viewing experiences to the portable media player category .
· Zune HD comes with a built - in HD Radio receiver so users can listen to higher - quality sound than traditional radio on the go .
Users also will have access to the additional song and artist data broadcast by HD Radio stations as well as additional channels from their favorite stations multicasting in HD .
If you do n't like the song playing on your station 's HD channel , switch to its HD2 or HD3 channels for additional programming .
·
The bright OLED touch screen interface allows users to flip through music , movies and other content with ease , and the 16:9 widescreen format display ( 480x272 resolution ) offers a premium viewing experience on the go .
· The HD - compatible output lets Zune HD customers playback supported HD video files from the device through a premium high - definition multimedia interface ( HDMI ) audiovisual docking station ( sold separately ) direct to an HD TV in 720 p .* · Zune HD will include a full - screen Internet browser optimized for multitouch functionality .
· Zune HD is Wi-Fi enabled , allowing for instant streaming to the device from the more than 5 million - track Zune music store .
More information on Zune and related images is available at http://www.zune.net/press and http://www.zune.net/ZuneHD.
About Zune Zune is Microsoft 's music and entertainment brand that provides an integrated digital entertainment experience .
The Zune platform includes a line of portable digital media players , elegant software , the Zune Marketplace online store , Zune Pass music subscription service , and the Zune Social online music community , created to help people discover more music .
Zune is part of Microsoft 's Entertainment and Devices Division and supports the company 's software - based services vision to help drive innovation in the digital entertainment space .
More information can be found online at http://www.zune.net/en-us/press.
About Xbox LIVE Xbox LIVE connects more than 17 million members across 26 countries to each other and the entertainment they love .
Home of more content from one remote than can be found from any device connected to the television , Xbox LIVE is also a unified online social network bringing friends together , no matter where they are - in the living room or across the world .
More information and Xbox LIVE membership can be found online at http://www.xbox.com/en-us/live.
About Microsoft Founded in 1975 , Microsoft ( Nasdaq " MSFT " ) is the worldwide leader in software , services and solutions that help people and businesses realize their full potential .
* Supported 720p
HD video files play on the device , downscaled to fit the screen at 480 x 272 - not HD resolution .
Zune HD and AV Dock , and an HDTV ( all sold separately ) are required to view video at HD resolution .
HD Radio™ and the HD Radio logo are proprietary trademarks of iBiquity Digital Corp .
Tempers Flare at Debate on the Devil Debate on the devil gets heated and emotional during the " Nightline Face - Off . "
March 26 , 2009  --
The concept of Satan provokes strong emotions , and sparks a series of fundamental questions about good and evil , about human nature , and about the nature of God .
The question of whether Satan exists is one of the most contentious theological debates possible , and last week four fascinating , polarizing people from around the country convened in Seattle to tackle that topic in the third " Nightline " Face - Off .
According to one poll , 70 percent of Americans believe Satan is real .
Some believe he -- and almost all believers say Satan is a " he " -- is a fallen angel .
Others believe Satan is a shapeless , malevolent force ; the enemy of God .
But there are also many people who believe that Satan is a myth , and a dangerous one , because his name is often invoked to justify unspeakable acts of violence .
CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE FULL DEBATE
The Face - Off was hosted at Mars Hill Church , and the church 's pastor , Mark Driscoll , argued that Satan does exist .
Driscoll is a hip yet hard - line preacher with a young , often tattooed following to whom he preaches a strict doctrine , in which the devil figures prominently .
" It could get intense , " Driscoll said of the debate .
" It could get passionate .
But as long as it does n't become personal then I think it's OK . "
Driscoll 's teammate for the evening was Annie Lobert , who arrived in Seattle from her home in Las Vegas -- otherwise known as Sin City .
" I do n't have a theologian background , but I have 16 years of experience of walking with the Devil so I know he 's real for sure , " she said .
Lobert is a former prostitute who says she used to see the Devil in the eyes of her johns .
Her organization , Hookers for Jesus , ministers to sex workers .
" When people do n't believe the devil is real , I feel , my opinion is , they are deceived , " she said .
Lobert felt she could " definitely " change minds by " talking from the heart , from experience . "
On the other side of the debate was Bishop Carlton Pearson , a former fundamentalist preacher who says he used to cast demons out of his followers .
" What 's interesting about this thing tonight is that I 've been on both sides , " he said .
" I was a staunch ' believe it my way or go to hell ' kind of preacher for the first half of my life .
And I never liked it . "
After watching a video of the Rwandan genocide , Pearson said he realized all those people would not be going to hell just because they were n't saved .
He declared he no longer believed in the devil or hell , and was called a heretic and lost his church .
He said his views are seen in the evangelical community as " treasonous is some ways .
It breaks people 's hearts . "
Arguing alongside bishop was Dr. Deepak Chopra , a physician and best - selling author of dozens of books and videos on health and spirituality .
" My position is that we have a huge problem with what people call evil in the world and they need a good rational explanation and not an irrational mythical explanation , " he said .
" I am not going to do anything to offend [ the other side ] , " he said .
But I still have to speak my own truth . "
' Healthy People Do Not Need Satan '
At the church , volunteers and security guards prepared for a crowd of more than a thousand people .
" Nobody in the Bible talks about hell or Satan more than Jesus , " said audience member Mike Garcia .
" If Jesus talks about Satan and the reality of hell , then it has to be true . "
" I guess if Satan himself shows up , then I will say well , I guess you are right , " countered Danielle Wilken .
" But otherwise I do n't think you can convince me that you can go to hell and there would be Satan . "
The debate quickly turned contentious as all four participants presented uncompromising positions .
Driscoll opened by saying that the dichotomy between Satan and God " is the essential belief of Christianity , that Satan is real but so is Jesus , and he works out all things for good and ultimately he will redeem all that has been lost through Satan , sin and death . "
Chopra , on the other hand , said that " Healthy people do not have any need for Satan .
Healthy people need to confront their own issues , understand themselves and move towards the direction of compassion , creativity , understanding , context , insight , inspiration , revelation and understanding that we are part of an ineffable mystery .
… So I would say be done with Satan and confront your own issues . "
Lobert began with her personal story : " I am a former escort , prostitute , stripper , what have you ... and I lived this lifestyle for 16 years .
I saw 10 of my friends die .
A night came in my life where I faced death .
I OD'd on cocaine because I hated myself and I kept hearing voices to tell me to kill myself , " she explained .
And then Lobert said she realized , " that [ it ] was n't coming from inside of me .
There was a diabolical force speaking to me and I truly believe it was the Devil and his demons , and the Devil almost got my life .
You know , that night I made myself real to God and I asked him to come into my heart and save me .
Save me from him , myself and the bad decisions I had made , and he did . "
" I 'm from four generations of Demon caster - outers , " Pearson countered .
" I had tremendous faith in the Devil and his power and his omnipresence … I have reassessed all of that and I think that the best way to get people free is to get them to stop believing so much in this hairy , horny , freaky , scary , omnipresent entity and it will not manifest the way we have believed it to .
And that will bring an element of peace . "
CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE FULL DEBATE
Belief vs. Experience
" I do n't think of him as the man with the horns or the weird gargoyle face or anything like that , " Lobert said .
" My experience personally I never saw his face .
I saw demons and I do n't even want to tell you what they look like .
I was held down by demons at night , raped by them .
I know this might sound crazy to some of you but it really happened and it happens to a lot of the women in the sex industry . "
When asked why a loving God would create Satan , Driscoll said it comes back to the concept of free will .
" For there to be virtue , there must be the possibility of vice and that 's what distinguishes those of us , people and angels , from other forms of creation , trees , animals and the like , " he said .
" I think if you do n't allow choice , the theologians will say you do n't have love . "
Chopra found that philiosophy to be " in contradiction to what we know about the physical universe that began about 13.8 billion years ago in something called the Big Bang .
I 've been hearing all this terminology .
How come you 're all so convinced that God is a He and Satan is a He ? "
Chopra asked the panel .
" The point is how come we have these ideas that are so mythical , that are so primitive ? " Chopra continued .
" Why do n't we understand that so - called evil is a part of ourselves ?
Annie said it so elegantly when she said , ' I was full of guilt ... of shame . '
That 's what she 's confronted .
Now you want to put that guilt and shame to some mythical identity out there , and yet you did that , but then you took responsibility for your own self .
Why do n't you give the credit to you , rather than , you know , to some mythical figures out there that came from the outside as forces ? "
" I truly believe that the Devil was in my life because God wanted to show me how much He really loved me .
And I can't explain it any other way , " she replied .
Well , what convinces you that God is a He ? "
Chopra asked again .
" My God is not a sexist God. Thank God . "
There are numerous references to Satan and demons in the Bible , but Pearson said that you can believe parts of the Bible while turning away from others .
" The Bible is a several - thousand - year - old document and we have none of the original letters , none of the original manuscripts , " he said .
" And I do not believe it is the inspired word of God as much as I believe the inspired word of man about God as best as man can perceive . "
" All I have to say is belief is a cover - up for insecurity , " Chopra said .
" If something is real , you do n't have to believe in it .
You should be able to experience it .
And the most fervent believers in the world are the cause of all the problems in the world right now , OK ? "
" Unfortunately there are religious institutions that have actually idealized guilt and shame and made it into a virtue , " Chopra went on .
" They have created institutions around guilt and sin and shame and disgust with our own self .
And when we obsess over these things and we collectively create this obsession then we project it out there as this mythical figure that we call Satan . "
CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE FULL DEBATE
Audience Questions the Panel
As the debate progressed , Chopra tangled not only with his fellow panelists but also with the crowd .
One audience member suggested that one cannot believe in God without believing in Satan .
The " problem , my friend , is as soon as you define God you limit God , " Chopra replied .
" Any image of God is a limitation because if God is infinite then God is beyond your imagination because you cannot imagine the infinite .
For you to define God and give him these simple qualities is to actually limit God .
God is beyond good and evil .
God is transcendent . "
Another audience member pressed Chopra his own experience and interpretation of God .
" God is our highest instinct to understand ourselves , " Chopra said .
" It 's my interpretation .
I can only express my experience .
I 'm not denying you your experience .
… mine is more consistent with our understanding of biology and our understanding of evolution and our understanding of the laws of Nature , in my opinion . "
When it came time for closing statements , Lobert became emotional .
" God 's love , it 's not about arguing and the Devil -- and they 're both real and you can't have one without the other .
In my personal experience I believe this to be true .
I can't say this for everyone in this audience or for the entire world , but I know that God 's in my heart and I love people and the only way I could see God was to know that the Devil was real and that 's my truth that God showed me . "
For Driscoll , the experience was fun .
" That was great fun , " he said .
I loved it . "
" My hope would be just that people would reexamine their beliefs .
Particularly if they are not Christian .
To go back to considering some of the issues of Christianity and Jesus .
You are not going to change someone 's mind with one debate or one television show .
But you can set them on a course of action whereby they study and maybe come to some new conclusions . "
CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE FULL DEBATE
Female Brains More Valuable Than Males , Decrees Mother Nature
Writing in the Journal of Biological Chemistry , a group of researchers found that nutrient deprivation of neurons produced sex - dependent effects .
Male neurons more readily withered up and died , while female neurons did their best to conserve energy and stay alive .
That 's right , nature has declared female brains should survive with a lot less than males .
Take that , glass ceiling !
The idea that the sexes respond differently to nutrient deprivation is not new and revolves around the male preferences to conserve protein and female preferences to conserve fat .
However , these metabolic differences have really only been examined in nutrient - rich tissues like muscles , fat deposits , and the liver .
Robert Clark and colleagues at the Children 's Hospital of Pittsburgh of University of Pittsburgh Medical Center examined whether this sex - dependent response in starvation could manifest in brain cells .
They grew neurons taken separately from male and female rats or mice in lab dishes and subjected them to starvation over 72 hours .
After 24 hours , the male neurons experienced significantly more cell dysfunction ( measured by analyzing cell respiration , which decreased by over 70 % in male cells compared to 50 % in female cells ) and death .
Visually , male neurons also displayed more abundant signs of autophagy , whereby a cell breaks down its components as a fuel source , while female neurons created more lipid droplets to store fat reserves .
As with other cell culture studies , the researchers note these results may not be truly indicative of what happens in living animals during starvation , but it allows them to look at the neurons independent of external factors like circulating hormones .
Article : " Starving Neurons Show Sex Difference in Autophagy " by Lina Du , Robert W. Hickey , Hülya Bayır , Simon C. Watkins , Vladimir Tyurin , Fengli Guo , Patrick M. Kochanek , Larry W. Jenkins , Jin Ren , Greg Gibson , Charleen T. Chu , Valerian E. Kagan , and Robert S. B. Clark , J. Biol .
Chem..2009 ; 284 : 2383-2396
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Commons leader Harriet Harman has set out changes to MPs ' expenses she says will put Parliament " above reproach " .
Moving from self to external regulation was necessary for " reparation and for reassurance " following the outcry over leaked expenses revelations , she said .
Immediate changes , agreed by party leaders , include a £ 1,250 a month cap on mortgage interest and rent payments .
Others are a ban on " flipping " second homes in 2009 / 10 and on claiming for furniture , cleaning and stamp duty .
The changes - which are temporary until an independent review of the whole system makes new recommendations in the autumn - were welcomed by the Conservatives and Liberal Democrat leaderships .
' Chaos ' But Tory leader David Cameron , speaking earlier at prime minister 's questions , said the only way to end the " paralysis " caused by the expenses scandal was to hold a general election .
In angry exchanges with Prime Minister Gordon Brown , Mr Cameron seized on remarks by Mr Brown in which he said an election would cause " chaos " .
" The prime minister calls elections chaos .
I call them change .
Why can't we have one ? , " asked Mr Cameron .
Mr Brown said the Conservatives would cause " chaos " with public spending cuts , prompting Mr Cameron to say : " So there we have it - the first admission that you think you are going to lose . "
The days of MPs being judge and jury of their own expenses , are over
Nick Clegg , Lib Dem leader
The Full Story : PM 's questions
The party leaders agreed to temporary changes which were unveiled by Speaker Michael Martin on Tuesday , after he announced he would be standing down .
Ms Harman told MPs the government would consult on setting up a new Parliamentary Standards Authority , which would be able to disallow claims , order some to be repaid and issue financial penalties .
It would also regulate and administer peers ' allowances .
But it would not suspend MPs - that would remain an issue for the House of Commons via the standards and privileges committee .
Most MPs were " hard working , decent and honest " but reforms were needed to ensure " Parliamentary democracy is as strong and confident as it can be , " she said .
She said while politics was all about " deeply held , different views " there was a " consensus across all parties that we need to put the reputation of Parliament above reproach " .
' Quite worried ' Her Conservative shadow Alan Duncan said MPs must embrace the " massive structural shift " of giving up the right to determine their own remuneration - if Parliament was " not to sink further in the eyes of voters " .
Liberal Democrat David Heath welcomed plans for external regulation - but said he was concerned the new rules might mean MPs were given a " perverse incentive " to buy , not rent .
Ms Harman said the members estimate committee would consider the matter when it meets later " to work out how we put the very important cap on accommodation expenses into practice " .
INTERIM CHANGES
Ban on changing designated second homes for 2009 / 10 Bills and mortgage / rent claims allowed - furniture claims banned Married couples to claim only one allowance
All claims to be published online quarterly Capital gains tax liable on second homes
In full : Expenses options Some MPs raised concerns about the new rules leaving people worse off and there were questions about who the new standards body would be accountable to .
Tory Brian Binley said some MPs were " really quite worried " that they would be caught out " through no fault of their own " .
But Labour 's Clive Efford asked how the £ 1,250 cap on mortgage interest had been arrived at - suggesting it was too high - Ms Harman said the members ' estimate committee had looked at the average for all MPs .
Two Labour MPs , Don Touhig and Diane Abbott , stuck up for staff in the Commons Fees Office who many MPs have claimed approved claims which now appear questionable .
' Good job '
Ms Abbott warned against blaming the ordinary staff " on average salaries " for something all MPs had to take responsibility for .
Meanwhile , Tory Anthony Steen has become the latest MP to announce that he will not be a candidate at the next election following allegations that he claimed £ 87,000 over four years for his country home .
In a statement , he said that he did not want to " distract from the real story " of who would be the best prime minister for the UK and thanked his constituents for their support .
Hazel Blears has insisted she will be carrying on with her job despite Mr Brown 's remark that it was " totally unacceptable " that she failed to pay capital gains tax on the sale of the flat she designated her second home for expenses purposes .
Speaking in her Salford constituency , Ms Blears said comments by the prime minister 's spokesman that she was doing a " good job " showed that Mr Brown had " full confidence " in her .
The Daily Telegraph has , meanwhile , published further revelations about MPs ' expenses claims .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
MPs targeted include Conservative James Gray , who reportedly claimed £ 2,000 for the future redecoration of his second home on the day his lease ended - he told the newspaper he had paid for " dilapidation caused by 10 years of occupation " .
Labour MP Chris Mullin 's claim - for £ 45 towards the licence fee for his black and white television - is contrasted with some of his colleagues ' claims for expensive plasma screen TVs .
Liberal Democrat MP
Phil Willis is accused of spending about £ 15,000 of public money on mortgage interest payments and refurbishing a flat in which his daughter now lives - he said she had never been a " permanent resident " .
Labour MP
Ian Davidson reportedly paid a family friend £ 5,500 to renovate his London flat and had reclining furniture worth £ 1,459 delivered to his constituency home in Glasgow - which he had claimed for the London flat .
He said the furniture was later driven to his London flat and he had sought permission to use the friend for renovations - which he said would have been cheaper than using a London firm .
On Tuesday Mr Martin told MPs he intended to stand down , so becoming the first Commons Speaker to be effectively forced out of office for 300 years .
He had been under pressure after attacking MPs who had criticised his handling of the row and speculation has already switched at Westminster to whom his successor might be .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Automatic Generation of Stained Glass from Scanned Photos
C. Scott Ananian
" How a computer scientist makes stained glass . "
We start with scanned photographs of the two Art Nouveau windows by Arnold Lyongrün : ( as the images came from a compilation , it 's not entirely clear that these particular windows did n't actually come from this book of " Bunte Verglasungen " - style works . )
We next manually extract a black - and - white outline .
" Select by color " in the GIMP works fairly well , as does thresholding , but manual intervention is needed to select appropriate thresholds and ensure the resulting skeleton is properly connected .
From this point on , the software performs all steps automatically .
The detail above showed that the extracted outline is pixellated .
We use the " polygon - tracer " potrace to convert the outline into a optimal collection of smooth curves which would , if rasterized , produce the bitmap .
The algorithm is described in detail in this paper by Peter Selinger .
Stained glass is held together by H - shaped lead channels called came .
The black strips in photographs of stained glass thus show the outline of the outside of the H ; we actually want a much smaller ( 1/16 " or 1/32 " , depending on assembly method ) gap between our cut pieces .
We address this discrepancy by extracting a " centerline " from our vectorized outline , and then offsetting from the centerline by the appropriate exact gap amount .
We will use the medial axis transform ( MAT ) to extract our centerline , a process called " skeletonization " .
The MAT can be approximated by portions of the Voronoi Diagram , if the boundary of the shape is approximately uniformly sampled .
We form a similar approximation by tracing centers of the Delaunay triangulation of the boundary polygon ; the Delaunay triangulation is dual to the Voronoi diagram .
Our first step is to uniformly sample the boundary .
We read in the SVG - format boundary descriptions produced by potrace with the Batik library .
We then finely subdivide the curves and generate boundary points and edges .
We then use the netlib Triangle program , written by Jonathan Richard Shewchuk , to compute the conforming Delaunay triangulation of the boundary points , subdividing edges as necessary to ensure that the boundary edges are also Delaunay edges .
Triangle is n't very smart about distinguishing between the inside and outside of boundaries , so the first thing we do in our Assemble class , after reading in its result files , is to remove " interior " triangles from the result .
We trace the center of the Delaunay triangles to generate a ( disconnected ) centerline , represented as a graph between nodes .
We then use a path - searching algorithm to find the smallest cycles in the graph , which represent individual pieces of stained glass .
I initially used a priority - first search through the graph using path - length as priority , but you can quickly convince yourself that the " innermost " boundary is not necessarily the shortest .
Imagine , for instance , a figure - eight .
You can replace the center bar of the figure eight with an arbitrarily squiggly line that will have an arbitrarily large path - length .
But you still want the ' regions ' found to be the bottom and top cut-outs : you do n't want to find instead the outside boundary of the figure - eight just because it is ' shortest ' .
Note also that the MAT transform typically results in " spurs " or " hairs " off the centerline , pointing at every convex vertex ; we want our cycle - finding algorithm to identify and remove these as well .
( These stubs are easy to see on the four outermost corners of the full - size output below .
They are colored green , indicating that they are part of the MAT but not part of the cyclic regions , which are yellow - orange . )
Our improved ( i.e. " correct " ! ) algorithm solves these problems with what is basically a " right - hand " maze search .
We represent every undirected edge as a pair of directed edges in opposite directions .
We then iteratively pick an unmarked edge and search forward , always picking the clockwise - most path when we come to a junction .
When we find an edge we 've already traversed , we 've identified a cycle : record it mark all edges involved .
If the edge found is n't the one we started with , there 's an acyclic stub from our starting point to the edge we found ; discard it and mark the edges .
If we run out of path without finding a cycle , we 've traced another stub ; discard it and mark edges .
When we run out of unmarked edges , we 've found all cycles .
( Thanks to Viktor Kuncak for pointing me in the right direction for this algorithm . )
We do n't want to have to create plunge cuts through the glass for every individual piece , so we now connect adjacent regions with small pieces of sprue .
We optimally place sprue on the longest edges connecting disconnected regions , on the theory that the sprue will be easier to cut apart and be less likely to obscure important geometry on long edges .
The result is a single continuous toolpath which outlines all pieces .
We then offset our regions by 1/16 " or 1/32 " to leave the proper allowance for assembly .
We emit the final result as a DXF file .
While I familiarize myself with stained glass technique , I 'm only attempting to construct an 11x14 portion of the original window , so we also perform trimming ( with boolean area operations ) on the original file before emitting it .
Unfortunately , this can cause some regions connected with sprue to become disconnected .
The images below show some triangular pieces of sprue which were manually added to reconnect the cuts into a single toolpath .
Final path , postscript format : mallard1 - 4.ps , mallard2-4.ps .
Final path , DXF format : mallard1 - 4.dxf , mallard2-4.dxf .
We can also use the regions and the original color image to identify colors for each stained glass piece .
We first use a 1 - pixel - expanded version of the initially - extracted polygonal boundary to distinguish " lead " from " glass " areas of the color image , so that our colors are not polluted by the black " lead " pixels .
We then compute a average color for all non -lead pixels in each region .
( pdf ) ( pdf )
It turns out that some vendors of stained glass have color images for each glass type available on - line .
For example , Spectrum Glass uses a numbering system which would identify Medium Green Cathedral Hammered Glass as 9971 - 123H .
An image of this glass can be fetched from http://www.warner-criv.com/images/products/medium/9971-123H.jpg.
Alternatively , image files can be downloaded directly from the manufacturer 's FTP site .
We perform a similar color averaging on these stock glass images to arrive at an average color .
We can then supply a list of glass types " on hand " to the program , which will fetch the appropriate images from the net , determine " average colors " from these images , and then select a glass type from each region which most closely matches its computed color .
The results ( for a rather poor selection of colors " on hand " ) are shown below .
PDFs were generated using Paul Mutton 's excellent EpsGraphics2D package .
( pdf ) ( pdf )
All source code used is available for download under the terms of the GNU GPL .
Potrace is available from potrace .sourceforge.net ; triangle is included in the download , but is also available from netlib , in the voronoi directory .
Future work :
Do color averaging and selection in a perceptually uniform color space such as L*u*v* or L*a *b * instead of sRGB , as we do now .
or instead of sRGB , as we do now .
Have the system choose a small number of glass types which would " most improve " the color selection .
This is related to research on color quantization .
Automatically group glass pieces of the same color and lay them out to be cut from standard 12 " x18 " ( etc ) sheets .
It might be best to start with a vectorization of the input image using the ARDECO algorithm .
This might allow automatic extraction of the black - and - white outline ( currently a manual step ) and allow us to omit the potrace vectorization step .
( The following is reprinted with permission from www.mentalfloss.com).
During World War II , the British secret service hatched a master plan to smuggle escape gear to captured Allied soldiers inside Germany .
Their secret weapon ?
Monopoly boxes .
The original notion was simple enough : Find a way to sneak useful items into prison camps in an unassuming form .
But the idea to use Monopoly came from a series of happy coincidences , all of which started with maps .
Smooth As Silk
Maps ...
A pair of reports released Tuesday by prominent think tanks downplay the potential dangers presented by Iran , concluding that Tehran is at least six years away from building a deliverable nuclear weapon and that its ability to wreak havoc in the Middle East through surrogates is exaggerated .
A report by a group of Russian and American scientists and engineers at the EastWest Institute concludes that although Iran could build a nuclear device within one to three years of deciding to do so , it would not be able to deliver a long - range weapon for many more years .
The scientists also say that a U.S. missile defense system being considered for Central Europe would be useless against an Iranian nuclear weapon .
A separate 230 - page report by the Rand Corp. , the result of political and military research for the U.S. Air Force begun in 2007 , found Iran a less formidable adversary than some believe .
The report notes “ significant barriers and buffers ” to Iran ’s ambitions because of the reality of regional ethnic and religious politics and “ its limited conventional military capacity , diplomatic isolation and past strategic missteps . ”
Advertisement
It argues for exploiting the gap between Iran ’s ambitions and abilities while engaging with Tehran on areas of mutual interest , such as Afghanistan .
The reports come as the Obama administration ponders its next move regarding Iran , which continues to refine and expand nuclear technology that the West suspects is ultimately aimed at producing weapons but that Iranian leaders insist is meant only for peaceful purposes .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , in Washington this week , is trying to sway the administration to place Iran at the forefront of its Middle East agenda , ahead of the Arab - Israeli conflict .
But President Obama told reporters after meeting Netanyahu on Monday that he saw resolving the issue of a Palestinian state as a way of lessening Iran ’s influence .
The Rand report argues that Iran “ feeds off existing grievances with the status quo , particularly in the Arab world , ” rather than activating agents to stir up trouble .
It suggests that the outside world ignore Iranian officials ’ sometimes aggressive , religiously tinged rhetoric and focus on its activities .
Advertisement
“ Its revolutionary ideology has certainly featured prominently in the rhetoric of its officials , ” the report says .
“ However , the record of Iranian actions suggests that these views should be more accurately regarded as the vocabulary of Iranian foreign policy rather than its determinant . ”
Iran ’s foreign policy is driven more by old - fashioned nationalism and a desire to maintain territorial integrity and ensure the Islamic Republic ’s survival than by a desire to expand Iran ’s revolutionary ideology , the report says .
Rand also paints Iran as a military paper tiger , with poorly maintained and outdated equipment and shortages of personnel .
Tehran exercises less control over militant groups such as Hezbollah , Hamas and its allies in Iraq than popularly believed , the report says .
“ Iran has limited leverage over so - called proxy groups , ” it says .
“ In the event of conflict between the United States and Iran , the willingness of these groups to retaliate purely in the service of Tehran should not be assumed as automatic . ”
Advertisement
The EastWest Institute report , a year in the making , says it could take as long as 15 years for Iran to acquire long - range missile technology that would pose a threat to Europe or North America .
Only the U.S. , Europe , Russia and China have the technology that could help it achieve a breakthrough sooner , the report says .
The reports call on the U.S. to work with Russia and China in addressing Iran ’s ambitions .
“ The U.S. and Russia together can create a much more robust response to any potential threat than the two countries can deal with by themselves , ” said Sarosh Syed , a spokesman for the EastWest Institute .
--
Advertisement
daragahi@latimes.com
I can’t really give an objective review of Barry Ptolemy ’s new documentary film Transcendent Man – a treatment of the life and futurist ideas of Ray Kurzweil – because I was in the movie myself , answering 4 - 5 minutes of questions about Ray ’s visions of the future .
But I ’ll give you my subjective impression : two nano - enhanced cyberthumbs way , way up !
On Tuesday April 29 I took the train from Washington DC , where I live , to New York City , to see the premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival .
The theater was packed and the audience was appreciative , and it was fascinating to see the film through their eyes .
The two themes of the movie – Ray ’s life as a futurist visionary , inventor and entrepreneur ; and Ray ’s vision of the near - future technological Singularity – are so familiar to me that , even if I had n’t been in the movie , it would have been impossible for me to view it with a “ beginner ’s mind . ”
But a substantial percentage of the audience appeared unfamiliar with Ray or his thought , and based on the reactions I saw , it seemed the film did an excellent job of waking up its viewers to some radical new ideas .
Pulling no punches , the movie begins with the notion of the Singularity – a moment in time at which scientific and technological progress become so rapid as to defy human comprehension , with revolutionary developments occurring nearly instantaneously , and legacy human minds left in the dust by AI and cyborg intelligences .
Kurzweil ’s successes at technological and social forecasting are highlighted ( he correctly predicted the rise of the Internet , the fall of the Soviet Union , the year that a computer would defeat a human champion at chess , and the list goes on and on ) , and the Singularity – which he forecasts for 2045 – is presented as his latest and greatest prediction , resulting from a painstaking process of data analysis covering technology trends in computer technology , biotechnology , nanotechnology , AI and other areas .
The film makes a powerful effort to ground the sometimes abstract - seeming and overly geekified Singularity concept in palpable human emotion and experience .
Ray ’s childhood gets significant screen time , as does his relationship with his deceased father – whose life he has documented and archived with incredible thoroughness , hoping to one day create advanced technology that can use this information to reconstitute a new incarnation , or at least an accurate simulation .
His humanitarian motives are kept in focus , with moving scenes demonstrating the huge value delivered by the Kurzweil Reader for the blind .
And when the theme of Ray ’s quest for immortality comes up – as it does , again and again – one sees the heartfelt sentiment on Ray ’s face and hears it in his voice .
The urge to live forever is painted as it should be : not as some pathological act of psychic hubris , but rather as the most natural thing in the world \… a desire to avoid suffering and preserve life and knowledge .
I often think of Ray ’s vision of the future as a “ kinder , gentler Singularity , ” and this comes across clearly in the film .
Ray is portrayed as wanting the Singularity to help everyone , in the same way that he wanted the Kurzweil Reader to help blind people read .
Vernor Vinge , who coined the term “ Singularity ” in its futurist sense , portrays the hypothesized event as a huge crazy leap into the incomprehensible unknown .
While acknowledging there are massive surprises to come , Ray – with his dry , soothing businessman ’s voice and demeanor — projects a calm confidence that all will be well even as legacy humans become obsolete .
In his vision , we will all one day merge into a massive global cyborg - mind , yet still retain our capacity for individual experience and joy .
( I myself have a bit of skepticism about this latter point – but we ’ll come to that later . )
One of the strengths of the movie is the diversity of perspectives it presents .
Contradictory views are given fair time and treatment , and basically fall into three categories :
Those who argue the Singularity just ai n’t gonna happen … such as Stanford biologist ( and Christian ) William Hurlburt with his argument that the human body is too complex to be replicated with human - created technology
Those who argue that the phenomena Ray identifies will happen , but not nearly as fast as he thinks .
Kevin Kelly gets a lot of screen time and articulates this argument forthrightly .
Those who argue that the Singularity will happen , and on roughly the same time - scale Ray prognosticates – but that it may not be as positive for humanity as Ray projects
Among the ethical contrarians , Hugo de Garis provides the most striking footage .
Interviewed in Hong Kong , against the backdrop of Blade - Runner - esque Kowloon and racks of gory dead chickens , Hugo talks about “ building gods . ”
Then he asks himself , “ Would I build these machines , if I knew there was a strong chance they would destroy humanity ” … and after a pregnant pause and a poignant expression , answers plainly : “ Yeah . ”
Whereas Kurzweil foresees a future in which advanced technology by and large improves the human condition , de Garis foresees a massive world war between pro-tech and anti-tech forces , quite likely followed by the extinction of the human race while the universe is colonized by our digital - god offspring .
In my 4 - 5 minutes of movie - stardom , I present more of a Vinge - esque perspective : striking an uncharacteristic pose of humility , I posit that we do n’t know and fundamentally can’t know what ’s going to happen once the Singularity is upon us .
I have some doubts about the precision of Kurzweil ’s redoubtable prognostic powers in this context : I think the Singularity could come in 2045 as he projects , or it could come in 2080 or maybe even 2015 .
Except in the case that we nuke ourselves into oblivion or do something else equally stupid and destructive , I ’ll be shocked if it does n’t occur this century , though .
And I think the ethical quality of the Singularity , from a human perspective , is equally wide - open and unknowable .
A utopic paradise beyond Ray Kurzweil ’s wildest dreams is remarkably feasible … as are the human strife and obsolescence of Hugo de Garis ’s conflicted fantasy nightmares .
And the most probable outcome is NONE OF THE ABOVE – i.e. something none of us pre-Singularity humans has the capacity to imagine .
The showing of Transcendent Man at the Tribeca Festival was followed by a Q&A session with Ray and director Barry Ptolemy , which was particularly lively and fascinating .
I remember Ray ’s response to my own question well .
What I asked , in essence was the following :
“ Ray , as you know , I ’m involved in a project oriented toward creating a powerful AI system , and if it works as well as I hope , I think it may lead to a Singularity well before your projected date of 2045 .
And my goal in doing this is n’t just to create an artificial supermind to end scarcity and bring immortality and all that good stuff , it ’s also to become one with that supermind .
I do n’t just want us to build gods , I want us to become gods .
But there ’s one doubt that often vexes me , and I ’d like to know what you think about it .
I wonder if there will come a point , when we ’ve enhanced our brains enough with advanced technology , when we ’ll have to stop and say : OK , that ’s all I can do and still remain myself .
If I add anything more – if I up my IQ from 500 to 510 – I ’ll lose the self - structure and the illusion of will and all the other things that make me Ben Goertzel .
I ’ll just become some other , godlike mind whose origin in the human ‘ Ben Goertzel ’ is pretty much irrelevant . ”
Ray responded by stating that he felt it would be possible to achieve basically arbitrarily high levels of intelligence while still retaining individuality .
But the moderator of the Q&A session , NPR Correspondent Robert Krulwich ( who did an absolutely wonderful job ) , took up my side .
He posited a future scenario where Robert enhanced his brain with the UltimateBrain brain - computer plug- in , and Ray enhanced his brain with the SuperiorBrain brain - computer plug - in .
If Robert is 700 part Ultimate Brain and 1 part Robert ; and Ray is 700 parts SuperiorBrain and 1 part Ray … i.e. , if the human portions of the post - Singularity cyborg beings are minimal and relatively un-utilized … then , in what sense will these creatures really be human ?
In what sense will they really be Robert and Ray ?
Ray responded that they would be human because the UltimateBrain and SuperiorBrain would be built by humans … or built by robots built by humans … so in a sense they would still be human , since they ’d be human technology .
Yes , noted Robert , they would still be human in that sense – but that did n’t mean they ’d still be Robert and Ray .
I stated my own view , that a point probably will be reached where to progress further , we ’ll have to give up our human selves and accept that the role of our human selves has been to give rise to smarter , wiser , greater minds , more capable of creative activity , positive emotion and connection with the universe .
Ray ’s ( grinning ) answer : “ And would that be so bad ? ”
My ( smiling ) reply : “ No . ”
I do n’t know what the less Singularity - savvy members of the audience thought about that interchange — but I do know that , as the evening rolled on , none of them looked bored .
And that , really , is the strength of Transcendent Man .
It does n’t go into much depth about the science and engineering that is bringing the Singularity to pass – for that the viewer will have to go buy Ray ’s book The Singularity Is Near , Damien Broderick ’s
The Spike , or one of the numerous other books on future technology .
But the film does get across the essential flavor of the radical future vision that Kurzweil , Vinge and other present - day Singularity sages are promulgating , and without ever getting preachy or long - winded .
With a bit of luck , the movie may well prove an important step in the process of imprinting some critical ideas on the mass mind of our species … at this very special juncture of our history where we find ourselves , as man stands on the verge of his own … well … transcension .
OK , no joke about this .
Rep. Paul Broun [ R - GA ] has introduced a resolution to encourage Obama to declare that 2010 is The Year Of The Bible .
Now , excuse me if I ’m wrong about this , but I thought 2010 was going to be the Year of the Tiger .
Is anyone else sick of living in the United States of Jesustan ?
And , um , why are these 14 Congresscritters wasting their time with silly stuff like this when we ’ve occupied 2 foreign countries and our economy is in the tank ?
Is it because they think the only possible way out of the mess the Republicans created is to pray ?
I mean , that ’s SLIGHTLY less obnoxious than being merely the “ party of no ” but it still does n’t get us anywhere .
Cosponsors :
Rep. Lynn Westmoreland [ R - GA ]
Rep. John Carter [ R - TX ]
Rep. James Forbes [ R - VA ]
Rep. John Gingrey [ R - GA ]
Rep. Zach Wamp [ R - TN ]
Rep. Todd Akin [ R - MO ]
Rep. Thaddeus McCotter [ R - MI ]
Rep. Mike Pence [ R - IN ]
Rep. Louis Gohmert [ R - TX ]
Rep. Trent Franks [ R - AZ ]
Rep. Jim Jordan [ R - OH ]
Rep. Doug Lamborn [ R - CO ]
Rep. Kenny Marchant [ R - TX ]
' Protect women and children in next week 's Budget ' , declared the headline in a press release from the National Women 's Council last Friday .
The statement added a couple of paragraphs later : " Women and children are at the greatest risk of poverty and all payments supporting women and children should be protected .
Women are already facing serious consequences from the recession with unemployment figures showing the sectors of retail and services have been severely hit . "
So , 36 years after the foundation of the NWCI , we see what the official , government - sponsored version of Irish feminism has mutated into : the cry of the officers on the deck of the foundering Titanic -- " Women and Children First " .
But at least in those days there was a coherent moral order behind that command .
Children were children , and women were seen to be weaker and inferior and thus voteless ; gentlemen of all classes would naturally stand back and give them places in the lifeboats first .
If there is a coherent moral order to the present thoughts of the National Women 's Council , it is that words no longer mean what they used to .
In the Council 's prospectus for the year 2009 , the word " equality " is used 38 times .
Yet clearly , in the sisters ' deviant vocabulary , " equality " does not mean equality of pain , or hardship or suffering or poverty .
No : it means the opposite of equality .
It means a protection from these conditions , regardless of what men are enduring .
In other words , lifeboat - feminism , surely the most ignoble and unprincipled of all the many liberal political creeds which dominate our ethos today .
Only a lifeboat - feminism could spout the gibberish " Women and children are at greatest risk from poverty . . .
Women are already facing serious consequences from the recession " , the very day after the unemployment figures were released .
These showed that of the 19,600 jobs lost in March , 13,600 were those of men , and 6,000 were those of women .
That is to say , job losses amongst women were just 44 pc of the rate endured by men .
Moreover , the area in which job losses are not going to occur , the public service , is heavily dominated by female employees .
Only an organisation driven by a demented sense of counter - factual , gender self - pity could promote the fiction of female victimhood at such a time .
And no , the NCWI press release does n't mean " mothers " , it makes no mention of mothers , not even once .
Though interestingly enough , it refers to " women and children " four times , and to " women " just three times .
Psychologically , this is simply placing women at the protected level of children , just as was done on the Titanic : quite an achievement for a state - subsidised feminist body in 2009 , if a largely unsurprising one .
Naturally , the National Women 's Council is a quango , of which there is ( equally naturally ) no male equivalent .
Over 70 pc of its budget comes from the Department of Justice and , wait for it , Equality and Law Reform .
Now , you just know that those terms " equality " and " law reform " are never intended to apply to improve the lives or the legal position of men , do n't you ?
Other state - providers of funds to the NWC are Combat Poverty and the Department of Community , Rural and Gaeltacht Affairs .
So , we have two government departments and one meaningless quango subsidising yet another quango , which is simply telling untruths , and making totally unrealistic demands of the Government which is paying for it .
This would n't matter if the shrill and unprincipled emanations of lifeboat - feminism were ignored .
They are not .
They are treated with a deferential respect by the Government and media alike .
More than that , they have created a systemic imbalance in which women are consistently treated by less exacting standards than are men .
The most grievous example of this of recent times concerned an Army officer who one night deserted her post as barracks - orderly , and left the armoury unprotected .
She falsified the log to make it seem as if she had conducted perimeter patrols , which had never occurred , and she later lied to her commanding officer when questioned about her suspected absence from her post .
In other words , she had betrayed the greatest single institution in Irish life , and let down her fellow soldiers in a manner for which there could be no other proper outcome : a court martial , with an ignominious dismissal from the service .
Instead , she was merely fined , and allowed to retain her commission .
( Dear God in heaven , what would the great Bull Callaghan or Mickie Joe Costello have made of that ? )
If the Army , the embodiment of the very qualities of steadfastness , stoicism and duty that we , as a society , most require in the maelstrom into which we are now sailing , can find itself applying the exceptionalist dogmas of lifeboat - feminism , what hope for the rest of us ?
The blades of fiscal prudence will cut hard and low over the coming months , but you can be reasonably sure that , standing no less tall at the end than they were at the beginning , will be the state - sponsored feminist institutions of Irish life .
And as the suffering deepens , their cry will doubtless ring over the ice - covered decks of Irish life : " Equality For All !
Women And Children First ! "
kmyers@independent.ie
Total compensation : $ 104.5 million
$ 484,615$0$ 412,096$36 million $ 67.5 million
Sanjay Jha joined Motorola in August , lured away from rival Qualcomm to try to shore up Motorola 's struggling mobile phone business .
Since then , the company has run through several rounds of job cuts as it prepares for a spin - off of its handset division .
Jha's co-CEO at Motorola , Gregory Brown , had a 2008 pay package that totaled $ 24.2 million .
But both men will see their salaries shrink in 2009 :
As Motorola froze employee salaries and retirement - plan contributions in December , its CEOs said they would cut their own salaries by 25 % .
NEXT : 2 . Larry Ellison , CEO of Oracle
1 . How do you know Allah , Zeus , Thor , Aphrodite , Santa and the tooth fairy donít exist ?
Keeping this in mind , how am I arrogant to believe the same about Yahweh ?
2. Isnít the ritual of the Lords supper just symbolic cannibalism ?
3 . If god created us , why do men have nipples ?
4 . Who created god and if you say he always existed then how do you know god is eternal ?
5 . How do you know the bible is right ?
6 . Why did god create the devil ?
7 . If Adam and eve did n't know good and evil before they ate from the tree of knowledge of good and evil so why does god punish them when they did n't know what they were doing ?
8 . If incest causes genetic problems which there is proof that it does how can we all come from just two people ?
9 . Why are all prophecies in old testament about Jesus vague and taken out of context ( if you donít believe me look them up and read the whole chapter that contains the " prophetic " verse youĎll see that the verse applies to that chapter alone and its time not the future or Jesus and is very vague even if it were a prophecy )
10 , Why donít Jews convert if the prophecies are so convincing ?
11 . Why do the genealogies of Jesus contradict in Luke and Mathew ( Luke does not use Maryís line because it clearly says Joseph SON of Heli ) ?
12 . If the bible is gods word why do the psalms say things like , ďoh god thou art holy and greatĒ , is god that vain that he should praise himself ?
13 .
What scientific evidence is there for a virgin birth involving a male baby ?
14 .
Why does it need to be a virgin birth to begin with is sex evil ?
15 .
Why does the bible say not to kill in the ten commandments , and then turn around and command people to do just that like in 1 Samuel 15: 1 -3 ?
16 .
If the god of the bible is all - good why does he create evil ( see Isa . 45:5 -7 )
17 .
Where is proof of Jesusí resurrection besides the gospels and why do they contradict in almost every detail on this fact ( donít believe me read the Easter story in each gospel and contrast them )
18 . Why is it wrong to want proof , if so how does one determine which religion is right ?
19 . what scientific evidence shows how god created the universe ?
20 .
If the universe is only 6,000 to 10,000 years old as creationists claim , then how can we see stars that are millions of light years away ?
21 . Since you believe the bible word for word , why does god offer proof to some and not others ( examples include the 400 prophets of Baal who saw the altar of Elijah and Saul of Tarsus on the road to Damascus and good ol ' doubting Thomas and by the way , why was he wrong to be skeptical ?
22 . Why does god choose to torture people forever instead of just snuffing them out of existence ?
23 .
Why does the bible say that god is not the author of confusion ( I Corinthians 14:33 ) but then says he uses the foolish to confound the wise ( I Corinthians 1:27 ) ?
24 . Since god can do whatever he wants why doesnít he just show up or do a big miracle and end all doubt ?
25 .
If you believe god or his angels watch over you , why do little kids get raped and killed , is god / the angel having an off day ?
26 .
Why does god protect some and not others if he is not a respecter of persons for instance protecting someone from a burglar but not protecting someone else ?
27 .
If god really healed Joe blow of cancer , why then do others die from cancer even if they pray , does god not like these people as much ?
28 . why is it that when a bad thing such as a potential robbery is averted , god gets the credit , but when the robbery is successful freewill is to blame ?
29 .
How is god love when he demands our servitude or be burned in hell , and how does this play into the freewill argument ?
30 .
Why does god need to bribe us with heaven and threaten us with hell if he is so concerned with our freewill choice ?
31 . If you believe the bible word for word , why does he kill two people for lying to peter and yet wonít smite a child rapist ?
32 . Since Jews donít believe in Jesus they are going to hell , now Hitler on the other hand could have converted on his death bed and went to heaven while the Jews he killed went to hell no matter how good they were , so isnít god infinitely worse than Hitler ?
Also in Thessalonians 2:13 - 15 god apparently agrees with Hitler .
33 .
Why didnít god smite Hitler but did smite a guy in the bible just for touching a box ?
( see 2 Samuel 6:6 7 )
34 .
If you think god isnít happy about casting people into hell why does he say in proverbs that he will laugh at you while he does it ?
( first chapter start around the 2oth verse and read on )
35 . if Adam and eve were perfect before the fall , than how come they sinned , did god create imperfect beings , what about the devil , was n't he perfect , how did he fall , did god mess up with him too ?
36 .
As an atheist I simply do n't realize your god is real so how is it right to torment me for all eternity for an honest mistake ?
37 .
How does the soul interact with the brain , what scientific evidence is there that shows how it happens and where it happens .
38 . What is a soul made out of ?
39 .
Do retarded people have retarded souls ?
40 .
Why does a righteous god think virgin women are war booty ( numbers 31:17 - 18 )
41 . If god can do anything and loves us , why is there evil ?
42 . Why canít we just skip this step and go straight to heaven ?
43 .
Why does god need to test us if he already knows the answer ?
44 .
If heaven is all great and yet has freewill why canít the same be true here , and what about the still born that goes straight to heaven that would have been the next Hitler has he been born , will he ruin heaven for the rest of us ?
45 .
If nobody can sin in heaven then how did the devil do it ?
46 . Why does god let the devil tempt people ?
47 . How is Jesus the son of god if Jesus is supposed to be eternal ?
48 . If God is a God of light why does he require blind faith ?
49 .
Do you feel lucky you happened to believe in the One True Religionô ?
50 .
Why is n't the One True Religionô as obvious as gravity that way nobody would have the " wrong " religion ?
51 .
If you think the rest of the world is deceived or mistaken , even though they think their right , then what makes you any different ?
52 . if we are designed so perfectly as intelligent design suggests , than why are there disabled people , retarded , blind , crippled etc .
53 .
If your answer to the last question was sin , then why did god make me blind at birth , I hadnít done anything yet ?
54 .
Why does god need us to kill animals then his son to forgive us , why couldnít he just choose not to hold this incredible grudge ?
55 .
Since god wanted to kill Jesus to forgive us , why did n't he do it right after Adam ate the apple , that way the Jews would n't have to live under the oppression of the old testament ?
56 .
Why would a loving god create Parasites and Ebola and rabies or design animals to rip other animals apart and eat them ?
57 .
Why is a first cause necessary , why not an infinite regression of causes ?
58 . is n't it such a coincidence that folks tend to believe the religion of their parents ?
59 .
If God has such a tremendous problem with uncircumcised penises , why did he make man with foreskin in the first place ?
60 .
It says in genesis that the sons of god saw the daughters of men that they were fair ... now since these " angels were able to copulate does this indicate that angels have a gender and are not spiritual beings .
how did angel chromosomes work with the human genome .
61 . did god have sex with Mary , if not then is n't Jesus just gods creation , or is Adam also godís son thus contradicting john 3:16 ?
62 . Why pray if god only does his will , he will do what he wants anyway wo n't he ?
63 . Christians will tell you that if a baby dies it goes to heaven .
Why then are they so against abortion ?
All the child is being deprived of is the opportunity to go to hell .
Either that or god expects unborn fetuses to accept Jesus ?
64 . People still think Elvis is alive , how is Jesusí resurrection story any different ?
65 . How will Christians enjoy heaven with loved ones in hell ?
66 .
Why did god regret that he had created man at the flood since he knows the future ?
67 .
Why does God entrust the spreading of ' His ' word to sinners ?
Why does n't he do it himself ?
68 . if god knows the future how can he have freewill ?
69 .
The universe has over 150 billion galaxies , each galaxy containing 400 billions of star , and I am to believe that god made all of that just for us on this remote speck of dust we call earth ?
70 .
If heaven is spiritual why are the physical mansions and physical streets of gold waiting for us ?
71 . Why does God care if he is praised ?
Does he have low self esteem
72 . Yes , we have free will , but God already knows who will sin , who will accept Him , etc , for all eternity ( since he has perfect knowledge of the future ) .
Why then , are we here ?
Why not just send our souls to Heaven or Hell , depending on what he knows we 'll do ?
73 .
What is the purpose of prayer ?
What can a finite being on Earth possibly tell an omnipotent , omniscient deity that he does n't know already ?
74 . I hear Christians all the time speaking of a spiritual war between Heaven and Hell , if this is true does God have limitations of power ?
Man only conducts wars because of our limitations of power and foresight .
God has both all - power and all - knowledge , no reason for war of any kind ?
75 .
Why didnít god kill Adam and eve and start over right then instead of waiting until Noah came along ?
76 .
If god is all powerful why canít god fight against iron chariots ?
( See Judges 1:19 )
77 .
Why would a loving god order the death sentence for picking up sticks on Saturday ?
( Numbers 15:32 - 36 )
78 . 1 Samuel 15:1 - 3 has god ordering king Saul to kill the Amalek , even babies and women and even the animals for something the Amalekís ancestors did to the Jews when they came from Egypt , explain to me how this is even remotely just ?
79 .
Leviticus 21:16 - 23 forbids any person with a handicap such as blindness for coming to church , why would god punish people for inflictions that according to Exodus 4:11 , he gave them ?
80 . In 2 Kings 2:23 - 24 god kills 42 little children for teasing a preacher , yet he doesnít send bears after child molesters , what does that tell you ?
81 . Why did Jesus say , ďspread the gospelď , does this mean anyone that doesnít hear about it goes to hell , if not then why spread the gospel , and if so , how is that fair to the Indians and remote jungle tribes that never get a chance to hear about Jesus ?
82 . If you are so sure about heaven why are you afraid to die ?
83 .
If a sperm and egg can evolve into a human why is evolution impossible and if god molds in the womb how do you account for genetic defects ?
84 , why does the devil ( the most evil creature ever ) get free reign sinning and tempting folks for thousands of years before he goes to hell , while a good twenty year old goes straight to hell after only sinning for twenty years ?
85 . If god has a right and a left , a front and back , then he is limited , for god to be everywhere he cannot have a right or a left as his boundaries would not end , therefore how can Jesus be seated at god right and how did god show Moses his back parts ?
86 .
If god is supposed to be everywhere how can he be shaped like a human ( the bible often mentions gods feet , hands , face , back parts , nostrils , etc ) ?
87 .
If god knows everything , why would he need a rainbow to remind him not to flood the world again ?
88 . Why would an all - powerful god feel the need to stop people from building a tower to heaven because ďnothing will be restrained from them , which they have imagined to doĒ ?
and if this story is true why does god NASA to exist ?
89 .
Why donít we see amazing miracles today like the ones in the bible such as the sun standing still , and seas splitting in half and fire and hail falling from the sky ?
90 .
If the feeding of the five thousand is true then why are there starving people today , why doesnít god feed them ?
91 .
Why do Christians fight science at every turn , everything from lightning rods , discovery of vacuums , and the world being round , to stem cells and evolution Christians have opposed , why do you feel so threatened by science ?
92 . Science through the discovery of vaccines and antibiotics , has either found a prevention or a cure for smallpox , polio , anthrax , rabies , bubonic plague , tuberculosis , and many other diseases , how many diseases has Jesus or Christianity eradicated or even offered prevention for ?
93 .
If you contend that god inspired the above discoveries then why did he wait so long , he could have saved billions of lives if he had given Adam all the cures and vaccines and other science we now know about ?
94 .
The bible says in Psa. 37:25 : " ...
Yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken , nor his seed BEGGING BREADĒ so why did Lazarus go to heaven since he was a beggar ( see parable of rich man and Lazarus )
95 .
Why is it a sin to see someone naked , if god doesnít like the way we look then why didnít he make us different and if it is because we know shame , then why do jungle tribes run around naked ?
96 .
Why is insulting the holy ghost unforgivable ( mark 3:28 - 30 ) meanwhile killing six million Jews and child rape are forgivable ?
97 .
If faith is all you need then isnít every religion right ?
98 .
Why do we need faith , why canĎt we just have the proof and that way we will know for sure it is true and which religion is true ?
99 .
Jesus is reported as telling Thomas that ďblessed is he that doesnít see yet believes , why would god find honor in people just blindly believing what they are told with out facts and proof to back it up .
100 .
The bible says stuff like if a roman soldier tells you to carry his stuff one mile , carry it two , render unto Caesar what is Caesars , and in the book of Romans where it says to obey the government as it was placed in power by god , it is also known that a roman emperor made Christianity the official religion of the empire and he and some regents voted on what books would be in the bible , so is nít it at least possible that Christianity was created by the roman empire to control the populace , and any and all proofs for Jesusí existence such as Josephusí writings and stories of martyrdom , are nothing but fabrications ?
101 how do you tell when to take the bible literally or metaphorically ?
Isnít that rather subjective ?
Extras .
Why does Heaven have wars according too the bible , god could just snap his finger and save Michael the archangel trouble , but according to the myth he doesnít .
why jot .
Is he weak or just likes blood
Why did god plant the tree in the garden , was it a trap ?
Why punish all snakes because of one snake , Ē , ( who was either , Satan , or possessed by him , or was a snake acting of his own accord , but still the only snake that caused the fall
What was god doing for eternity before he made the universe
Why did god ask Abraham to sacrifice his son ?
Was it a test ?
If so then why , since god is all knowing and didnít need to test Abraham , and if it was nít a test then why does it say it was ?
If you exercise to improve your metabolism and prevent diabetes , you may want to avoid antioxidants like vitamins C and E .
That is the message of a surprising new look at the body ’s reaction to exercise , reported on Monday by researchers in Germany and Boston .
Exercise is known to have many beneficial effects on health , including on the body ’s sensitivity to insulin .
“ Get more exercise ” is often among the first recommendations given by doctors to people at risk of diabetes .
But exercise makes the muscle cells metabolize glucose , by combining its carbon atoms with oxygen and extracting the energy that is released .
In the process , some highly reactive oxygen molecules escape and make chemical attacks on anything in sight .
Free Shipping On Orders over $ 50 in the U.S. On Orders over $ 50 in the U.S. See Details
Free Shipping On Orders over $ 50 in the U.S. On Orders over $ 50 in the U.S. See Details
Technology.am ( Apr. 9 , 2009 ) —
The robot could someday plant , tend and harvest your garden for you .
A new robotic gardener is being developed by scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
“ Right now we are just using cherry tomatoes , but in the future I could see us doing all kinds of fruits and vegetables . ” said Nikolaus Correll , a professor of MIT .
The scientists work with small tomatoes because they have a small robot .
It is based on the circular Roomba robotic floor cleaners , 12 inches diameter .
On top of the Roomba sits the robotic arm and an on - board computer , in this case a small Dell laptop .
A robotic arm , equipped with a camera and flat gripper , extends an additional 31 inches .
This robot pulls up to a docking station and “ pees ” on a tomato plant to water it .
The robot moves to another tomato plant and uses the Web cam to recognize a tomato and grab it with the gripper .
The robotic gardener “ combines a lot of autonomous robotic movements : force control , vision , movement , ” said Correll .
Sanjiv Singh , a professor at Carnegie Mellon University , has been developing robots for use in large - scale agriculture .
“ The long - term goal is that someone could have a little 10 meter by 10 meter greenhouse that would just spit out fruits and vegetables , ” said Correll .
“ All you would have to do is add water and nutrients , and the robot would do the rest . ”
Each robot now costs an estimated $ 2,500 .
UNIQLO NABS DEYN : First Jil Sander , now Agyness Deyn .
The Tokyo - based fashion chain , which earlier this year hired Sander to design a collection , has tapped Deyn to be the face of the brand ’s high summer sports campaign , which will break today in Japan and June 1 in the U.S. and the U.K .
“ Agyness reflects a fresh , youthful and vibrant side of life , which was perfect for the campaign , ” said Amy Howarth , head of press and marketing at Uniqlo in the U.K .
The ads , shot in New York by photographer Dan Jackson and styled by Nicola Formichetti , show Deyn jumping around in Uniqlo ’s signature brightly colored ensembles , such as pink denim shorts paired with a pink hoodie ; and a royal blue T - shirt dress and matching baker boy cap .
The hip , city - dwelling Deyn is in the campaign alongside Gabriel Aubry , who also happens to be Halle Berry ’s boyfriend .
Howarth declined to give details of the campaign ’s budget .
The ads will run in select magazines and newspapers in the U.K. and U.S. , and as a poster campaign in London Underground stations through to June 28 .
— Nina Jones
This story first appeared in the May 15 , 2009 issue of WWD .
Subscribe Today .
BAD INTERNET :
The panel was about the future of filmmaking , but that did n’t mean anyone had to like what they saw .
“ I ’m a guy who does n’t see anything good having come from the Internet , ” said Sony Pictures Entertainment chief executive officer Michael Lynton .
“ Period . ”
At a breakfast cohosted by the S.I. Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University and The New Yorker Thursday , Lynton was n’t just trying for a laugh :
He complained the Internet has “ created this notion that anyone can have whatever they want at any given time .
It ’s as if the stores on Madison Avenue were open 24 hours a day .
They feel entitled .
They say , ‘ Give it to me now , ’ and if you do n’t give it to them for free , they ’ll steal it . ”
Co-panelist Nora Ephron , who started her career in print , said the Internet has had a greater effect on “ our beloved print than it ’s had on the movie business . ”
But , she conceded , “ We ’re in the last days of copyright , if you want to be grim about it ….
Stop it .
I dare you . ”
Lynton tried out another simile .
Referring to the Obama administration ’s goal to spread broadband access without , he said , regulating piracy , Lynton compared it with building highway systems without speed limits or driver ’s licenses .
“ We do need rules of the road , ” he said .
( Lynton may not have liked Ephron ’s chosen analogy for the way some people in the movie business are paid : “ It ’s a giant Ponzi scheme set up to compensate a few people at unbelievable rates , ” she said , adding , “ These people live like pashas .
You cannot imagine the scale of wealth in Hollywood .
People live like that here , but we live in apartments so you ca n’t see as much . ” )
Though Anne Hathaway , also on the panel and wearing Stella McCartney , lamented the Internet “ inhibits your ability to get lost , ” either in a role or in watching a film , she shrugged off moderator Ken Auletta ’s question about whether the blogosphere had coarsened coverage of actors like her .
“ It was always true , ” she said .
“ It ’s just giving everyone a bathroom wall to write exactly what they think . ”
— Irin Carmon
CLASSIC MARTHA : Martha Stewart is about to try something most magazine publishers have yet to attempt : charging for online videos .
Next month , Stewart will begin testing consumers ’ appetite to pay for videos , which will come from archives that are not yet available online .
The videos can be purchased at marthastewart.com and then downloaded onto a computer , iPod or mobile phone .
Pricing has not been set .
Stewart said she ’s been trying to figure out how the company can charge readers for online content for several years although , for now , the broader digital strategy will continue with an ad- supported online model .
“ We ’ll see how it goes , ” Stewart said , during a conversation with New York Times media columnist David Carr on Thursday that was mainly about celebrities using Twitter .
They spoke at the DeSilva + Phillips “ The Future of Celebrity Media ” conference .
Stewart now has more than 600,000 followers on Twitter , although she has n’t figured out how to get them to also read her blogs .
“ I think we ’ll define it more , ” she said , adding she will test Twitter with more specific information on , say , weddings or gardening .
— Amy Wicks
THE ROAD TO SOFIA : Condé Nast is breaking into a brand new market , with plans to launch Glamour in Bulgaria later this year or early next .
The company said the title would be published monthly , and have an 18 - to 35 - year - old target audience — similar to its U.K. counterpart .
The magazine will be published via a licensing agreement with Liberis Media Group Bulgaria , a subsidiary of Greek company Liberis Publications SA .
Bulgarian Glamour will be the 16th edition of the title worldwide and offer a mix of local and international content .
The company clearly has high hopes for the market : Carol Cornuau , vice president of Condé Nast New Markets , said the country “ has developed fast over the past years and still shows plenty of potential for high - end magazines . ”
A Condé Nast spokeswoman in London said the group was “ getting in early . ”
— Samantha Conti
Tags
Despite what you were taught in school , governance is ugly ; in all forms , and at all times .
Do n't believe me ?
Attend a meeting of a local governing entity .
You will find the council — omnipotent by vote , omniscient by delusion — seated before you at the table .
All night long , they 'll bicker and battle all the while proposing and dissecting plans and schemes with shouts and pounding shoes ; Khrushchev moments indeed .
This is the reality of man lording over man , and it 's been that way for eons .
Ugly , just plain ugly .
And it does n't matter the span or purpose of the governing entity .
This ugly reality holds equally true for the fist - fighting Taiwanese legislator as for the insult - hurling band booster .
Power corrupts at all levels .
One other aspect of governance appears to be consistent at every level : the broader the scope of the proposed plan or idea , the further they reach beyond the stated bounds of the entity , the more receptive a hearing that the entity 's council will give to the idea .
Everyone dreams grandiose dreams , whether during solitary reflective moments or while monopolizing the public microphone .
But it 's the bully at the public mic , entertaining the media and sparse audience , whose dreams we must fear .
Given that these aspects are inherent in the essence of power , the issue is not how to improve systems of governance , but how to control their scope .
Because enforced contract law and full property rights are the foundations of freedom , governance systems should be based on enforceable contracts that defend property rights .
The concepts of general welfare and public good have no place in such systems , as the intent of those ideals is to break contracts and trespass on property .
Governance — government — must be limited in a manner that is akin to a legal , binding contract , where rights are understood and unchanging .
While a contract - based system will not change the ugly aspects of the lording class , it will limit the effects that the omnipotent and omniscient have on your pursuit of happiness .
The best way to compare the current systems of unbounded authority with that of contract - based systems is to attend meetings of a homeowners association and meetings at a local township hall .
Both entities have documents that define the span and purpose of their respective assemblies , yet only the contract - based system shows any real restraint .
Certainly , both dream of utopia , but only the homeowners association must accept the inherent realities of signed agreements .
In Ohio , townships can pass comprehensive plans and zoning codes in order to create orderly communities .
Zoning codes are supposed to provide hard , fast rules akin to a written contract between community members with township officials acting as enforcers .
Yet , zoning codes are perceived by the marginal vote getters and their appointed minions as something else entirely .
In the hands of the township officials , zoning codes are , in the words of Barbossa from Pirates of the Caribbean when referring to the concept of parley , " … more what you 'd call ' guidelines ' than actual rules . "
Consider this situation :
You moved into an area that is zoned as a conservation district where developments are limited to 1 home per acre , with natural exteriors , and abundant green space .
You desired to live in your neighborhood since it is within the conservation district , an area that meets the development standards you prefer .
You had assumed that the zoning codes in place would protect you from development based on subjectively lower standards .
After living in your new home for a year or so , you catch a notice in the local paper that your township is considering a proposed development on the fallow farm fields and woods that abut your backyard .
So , you attend the zoning hearings to see what will become of your backyard vista .
At those meetings you quickly remember the prescient words of Barbossa .
The zoning commissioners are willing to trade homes per acre , natural exteriors , and green space for a donation of an offsite piece of land for a future community park or fire station .
Sure , you hold the zoning codes — still in force — in your hands as if it is a contract to be enforced by the township , yet the zoning commissioners and township trustees see that document as the starting point for exactions and extractions ; what the developer considers extortion by other means .
You can complain and shout , but the governance system that you have encountered has no consideration for your assumed contract .
The commissioners and trustees only care about their grandiose plans for a utopian community .
Your long - term vision of your local neighborhood , based on current regulations , just met their long - term vision of posterity ; the one where future residents sing praises to the plans and vision of the current ruling elite .
Now , consider the homeowners association ( HOA ) .
Certainly , the same taste of power has corrupted the key players .
They have dreams too , but their dreams are limited by the restrictive covenant that governs use of the property covered by the association .
Sure , they send out a monthly newsletter with words of wisdom regarding how residents should live their lives , but they can't do anything about it .
The concepts of general welfare and public good are not defined on the deed filed at the county offices as purposes of the association .
Now , I 'm not saying that some residents will not suffer the occasional annoyance as HOA trustees hold the color pallet against your mailbox to verify the hue of the stain which you applied , but they can't change the usage of your neighbor 's property from residential to commercial .
Nor can they subdivide properties or dig up sidewalks .
The HOA members have utopian dreams , but contracts limit their reality to mending fences and mulching entrance ways .
Other than showing excessive exuberance at times , the HOAs are typically indicted in the press when the singular property owner wants to turn his front yard into a memorial for the flag , replete with search lights and a continually repeating sample of Taps .
What 's worse , the property owner knowingly agreed to such restrictions prior to purchasing the property .
The homeowner , attempting to trample on the agreement , is hailed as the last defender of Lady Liberty herself , while the HOA , defending its contract with all homeowners , is perceived as evil incarnate .
Such inconveniences and annoyances are nothing compared to the damaged resulting from unbounded governance .
As you move up the governmental food chain , you will find that each subsequent level reaps more damage , more ills .
At the federal level , it is as if no bounds exist anymore .
Sure , the separate branches mention the Constitution , but only as a means to pervert its moral authority .
Some will claim that the Constitution is our written contract , binding rule of law , and restrictive covenant , yet its perversion would seem to imply that contract governments , whether constitutional public or anarcho - libertarian private , are bound to fail .
But , not so fast .
For the private supplier of governance , the entrepreneur across the street offering a similar service is enough of a threat to keep private governing bodies in line .
On the other hand , the political class simply requires rumblings from the masses .
Rumble , and they shall fear .
Shout , and they shall bend .
Scream , and they shall wither .
The ilk that sit at the head of the table , whether local , state , or national , are most concerned about keeping their power and status .
These are not men and women of principles .
They are simply power seekers .
They will wither and do as told once this great nation says , " Stop ! Respect the Constitution . "
They would rather flip and flop than risk the next election .
The ruling elite know this , that 's why they utilize a coerced education system to perpetuate their nonsense .
Yet , a simple booklet such as the comic version of Hayek 's Road to Serfdom can turn enough minds to shake the tables of power .
But , just because many have lost sight of " Do n't Tread on Me , " does n't mean all is lost .
A little more education , a stronger tug on the collar of the elected , and the direction toward socialism could reverse overnight .
So , whether your concept of government is constitutional public or anarcho - libertarian private , contract governments will work .
They 'll be messy , the public version will take conviction of the governed , but their scope will not creep onto your property and liberty .
[ Originally published March 2007 . ]
GNU Screen is a powerful terminal multiplexer that makes it easy for users to manage multiple sessions at the command line .
It provides rudimentary window management capabilities in text - based environments and enables users to detach a session and resume it later .
The tool has long held a position of distinction among the most popular terminal utilities for system administrators .
Although Screen is very powerful , it is also difficult to configure .
Most users are n't even aware of its more advanced features and few take advantage of its full potential .
In an effort to make Screen more accessible to the masses , the Ubuntu developers have assembled a nice collection of embellishments that make the program easier to configure and use .
These improvements are delivered in the screen - profiles package , which was introduced in Ubuntu 9.04 .
Ubuntu 's screen - profiles will display status and task management bars at the bottom of the window .
These are intended to serve roughly the same purpose as the GNOME panel .
When the user creates additional screen " windows , " these will be displayed in the task list and the active window will be displayed with highlighting .
The status bar at the bottom shows colored bits of text that describe the system 's current status .
Some of these include the current processor load , the amount of memory used , the number of users logged into the system , the current uptime , the version of Ubuntu , battery status , WiFi signal strength , and the current network load .
When used in an EC2 instance , there is even one that will show you the current cost of your session .
The user can configure which ones are displayed by using a text - based menu system .
Ubuntu 's screen - profiles also offer a simpler set of default keyboard shortcuts for screen management that are intended to be easier to use and less likely to conflict with other programs and the user 's graphical terminal program .
These are mostly based around the function keys at the top of the keyboard .
The most commonly used keys are displayed in a simple help panel .
The screen - profiles features were demonstrated by Dustin Kirkland on Monday during an Ubuntu Open Week session that took place in the #ubuntu - classroom channel on the FreeNode IRC server .
During the session , Kirkland invited participants to ssh into an Amazon EC2 instance with a shared screen session which he used to illustrate various screen - profiles capabilities .
He believes that Ubuntu 's screen improvements will boost the usability of the command line in Ubuntu server environments .
" I 'm hoping for Karmic that screen - profiles is used ubiquitously on the server [ and ] that it becomes as important to the Ubuntu server as Gnome / KDE are to Ubuntu / Kubuntu , " he said during the presentation .
The feature is already available by default in Ubuntu 9.04 .
The screen profile chooser will be displayed automatically the first time that the user launches screen .
On previous versions of Ubuntu , you can get screen - profiles by installing the package from a PPA .
For more details , refer to the relevant page from the Ubuntu Server documentation .
BigFix
SQL
MSDN
OWA
OWA
necessary
VMWare
ESX
OWA
VM
virtualize
VMWare's
VMWare
ESX
OWA
OWA
VMWare
VM
virtualized
virtualization
occurred
SVVP
necessary
OWA
OWA
VMWare
VMWare
ESX
VMWare
SVVP
SVVP
virtualization
ESX
VMWare
SQL
ESX
anticompetitive
virtualization
ESX
OWA
ESX
virtualization
Looking for a holiday with freedom , flexibility and affordability ?
On a self - catering holiday with Eurocamp you ’ll find just that !
Feel free to go off on your own adventures safe in the knowledge you do n’t have to rush back at meal times – have your meals as and when you want from your very own menu , cooked just as you like it !
Eurocamp 's self - catering holidays allow you to eat out if you wish , or come back to your comfortable home from home and prepare your own locally - inspired treat !
We have a variety of ways to make your holiday as affordable as possible .
We do n’t have set arrival or departure days , meaning you can have a break for as long or as short as you wish !
And our variety in accommodation offers something for everyone , from the budget - conscious to those looking for ultimate luxury .
The beauty of a self - catering holiday with Eurocamp means you can make your stay as relaxing , or as active , as possible .
10 MLB players to root for in the steroid era
When I was growing up , my friends and I used to walk down to an open field next to a church and play baseball with four rubber bases , one aluminum bat and a tennis ball .
On the way to the field , we used to have mock drafts where we pretended we were general managers picking players for our lineup .
When we got to the field , we had to do our best to simulate what each player ’s batting stance looked like and then hit like that player .
My favorite player growing up was Giants ’ first baseman Will Clark , so after I drafted him I always had to bat lefty ( which was a bit problematic since I was right handed and never mastered the art of switch hitting ) and stick my right leg straight out in front of me in order to impersonate his stance .
And just like “ The Thrill , ” I had to wear thick eye black and stick a wad of chewing tobacco ( well , he had chewing tobacco , I had Big League Chew ) in one of my cheeks .
Those are the memories that always make me laugh at myself as a kid .
It ’s also memories like those that also make me wonder what I would have done if I were a young baseball fan growing up in what should be known as “ the steroid era . ”
If I drafted Mark McGwire , I guess I would have had to put pillow cushions in each of my sleeves to replicate his big , steroid - enhanced arms .
If I drafted Roger Clemens , I guess I would have had to mimic taking HGH before I took the mound and then subsequently pretend to give my girlfriend an injection just as the Rocket did to his wife .
( And then lie about everything if I was questioned later about the allegations . )
And I guess if I had drafted Alex Rodriguez , I would have had to not only mimic the steroid use , but also tip one of my friends off about what pitch was coming so that he could pad his stats .
I feel bad for young baseball fans these days .
Chances are that their favorite player is / was on the juice and therefore their sports heroes are cheating in order to gain a competitive edge .
As it turns out , Will Clark was kind of a dick .
But as far as we all know , he played the game the right way and never tried to gain an edge over his fellow players .
And unlike A - Fraud , Clark would have rather cut off both his arms than tip an opponent to what pitch was coming .
In effort to help out the young fans across this fine nation , I ’ve compiled a list of 10 MLB players ( in no particular order ) that people can root for as we drudge our way through the steroid era .
As far as we know , none of these players have ever taken performance - enhancers , nor have they disrespected the game by playing solely for stats , money or anything else .
These are n’t only good guys , but they ’re also tremendous ball players that probably do n’t get enough credit for staying clean in an unclean baseball fraternity .
( Side Note : I apologize for not mentioning any pitchers , but I was aiming for everyday players when I first decided to compile this list , so that ’s what I went with . )
1. Albert Pujols , 1B , St. Louis Cardinals
If you ’re looking for the best player in baseball , he ’s currently parked at first base in St. Louis .
Before the steroid reports surfaced , many believed that A - Fraud was the best player in the game , but there ’s little debate now that it ’s Pujols who holds that honor .
Granted , some question if Pujols has ever used himself , but I ’m willing to believe that he ’s clean and all the amazing feats he has accomplished on the field to this point have all been steroid - free .
Ever since he broke into the league in 2001 , he ’s been nothing shy of a marvel at the plate and is without a doubt the best pure hitter in baseball .
2. Derek Jeter , SS , New York Yankees
SI.com did a poll last year where over 495 major leaguers voted on the most overrated player in baseball and Jeter took home the ( non ) honor of ranking first .
There ’s no doubt his range at short is n’t what it used to be , but Jeter never takes a play off , rarely makes mistakes to cost his team victories and he ’s still consistent ( albeit unspectacular ) at the plate .
He also remains great in the clutch , which certainly is n’t easy to do considering he plays in the hardest media market in sports .
He might get more attention and praise than his overall numbers suggest he deserves , but I ’d rather watch 10 media features on Jeter than just one on A - Fraud .
3. Dustin Pedroia , 2B , Boston Red Sox
I get tired of the “ Little Engine that Could ” references when it comes to Pedroia .
He was a stud at Arizona State and was drafted in second round of the 2004 MLB Draft , yet because he ’s 5 ’ 9 ” and 180 pounds , people like to make him out to be the Rudy of baseball .
He has always been a talented player , but his drive and devotion to the game is what made him an MVP .
Simply put , Pedroia plays the game the way it ’s supposed to be played .
He thinks up at the plate , always knows the situation in the field and like Jeter , he never takes plays off .
Some players have talent , but it goes to waste because of their lack of effort .
Pedroia is both talented and a hard worker , and chances are he ’s going to be great for a long time because he knows how to get the most out of his abilities .
4. Nick Markakis , RF , Baltimore Orioles
While his popularity is growing each year , Markakis is still a relatively unknown star in this league .
He ’s a rare five - tool player and because he plays in Baltimore , nobody knows it .
He ’s not a guy that ’s going to hit 50 home runs a year or put up Pujols - like batting average numbers , but he will hit over .300 , blast 20 - plus dingers , score 100 runs and play a near flawless right field .
He ’s also incredibly durable , missing just one game in 2007 ( that ’s one game out of 162 , mind you ) and just six in 2008 .
Like all of the guys on this list , Markakis just loves playing the game .
5. Grady Sizemore , CF , Cleveland Indians
What ’s not to like about Grady Sizemore ?
He can hit for power , steal bases and is quite possibly the best centerfielder in baseball .
He also did n’t miss a single game in 2006 and 2007 , and just five games in 2008 , which is not only a testament to his durability , but also to his desire .
He ’ll probably never be a consistent .300 hitter because he is n’t selective enough at the plate , but he brings so much more to the ballpark on a nightly basis that it ’s hard to dwell on his unspectacular average numbers .
( Although he is a career .278 hitter , so it ’s not like he ’s hitting below the Mendoza line or anything . )
6. Aaron Rowand , CF , San Francisco Giants
The Giants grossly overpaid for Rowand as a free agent last year , but that should n’t take away from the recognition he deserves as one of the hardest working players in baseball .
Rowand never complains , is the ultimate team leader and if I had kids that were interested in baseball , I ’d make sure that they were studying how Rowand approaches the game .
I ’ve never seen a player sacrifice his body more than Rowand and if you ’re a true baseball fan , you ’ve got to appreciate how he attacks every play as if it were his last .
7. Orlando Hudson , 2B , Los Angeles Dodgers
Orlando Hudson ?
Seriously ?
I know , Hudson is n’t the most spectacular player to ever don a pair of baseball cleats , nor will he ever be .
But if you watch this guy on a semi- regular basis , you ’d see how easy it is to root for him .
He does n’t have Pujols ’ talent , but Hudson will stop at nothing to give his team a chance to win , which includes sacrificing his body , his at bats or going all out on routine plays .
He also does everything with a smile on his face and it ’s rare to see him not sharing a laugh with an opponent or teammate at second base .
I hope him hitting in front of Manny Ramirez this year gives his numbers a boost and therefore garners him the attention he deserves .
8. Ian Kinsler , 2B , Texas Rangers
Kinsler is another one of those throwback players like Jeter and Pedroia in that he busts his ass on every play and his intensity exceeds his talent ( although that ’s not to say that he does n’t have any , because clearly he does ) .
Kinsler does n’t excel at one facet of the game , but he does everything well .
He can hit for average , a fair amount of power and will steal bases at a decent clip , too .
Granted , he does benefit from hitting in a stacked Rangers ’ lineup , but that should n’t take away from how talented he is and I ’m willing to bet if he were in a weaker offense , he ’d still put up solid numbers .
9. Hanley Ramirez , SS , Florida Marlins
Ramirez has taken some flack recently for not going all out on every play , but I ’ll admit , I ’m so intrigued by how good he is at such a young age that I can get past the fact that he ’s not Charlie Hustle like the rest of the guys on this list .
Ramirez has the talent to be one of the best players in the game and that alone makes him easy to pull for .
Hopefully some of his coaches in Florida will get him to realize his full potential and he ’ll be a star in this league for years to come .
10 . Curtis Granderson , CF , Detroit Tigers
Granderson needs to be more consistent at the plate before he ’ll be considered among the best players in baseball , but he does have five - tool talent and what makes him incredibly likable is how much he gives off the field .
He established his Grand Kids Foundation in 2008 in order to help underprivileged children in Detroit and other areas get a good education and keep them out of gangs .
He also set up a celebrity basketball game last year in which all proceeds went to school systems and inner city children in the Flint and Detroit , Michigan areas .
I know a lot of athletes give to charities , but it ’s nice to see that a player like Granderson not only donates his time and money , but also continues to be a tremendous role model at all times .
Feel free to shot out a couple players that you feel are easy to root for .
I know there are many , many more , which gives fans a little hope for baseball ’s future .
Hulu , the online TV service launched two years ago by Fox and NBC , has enjoyed incredible success with viewers — too much , it may turn out .
Two weeks ago , comScore ’s report that Hulu had pulled into the top three streaming video sites was quickly followed by news that Disney — the corporate parent of ABC and ESPN — was taking a stake in the venture .
But in the long run , those two milestones could be overshadowed by a seemingly much smaller bit of news : the decision in January to pull most episodes of It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia from the site .
Instead of carrying every episode of Sunny , a way off - center Danny DeVito comedy that languished on FX until Hulu users made it one of the site 's most popular programs , Hulu limited its offering to the five most recent shows .
User reaction to the move was swift and predictable .
" Well , off to the torrent sites , " one wrote on Hulu 's Sunny forum .
“ Hulu blows ! ” declared another .
“ Whose retarded idea was that ? ”
Well , not Hulu’s .
The move was taken at the network 's request .
Powerful forces are working against free , legal online TV — and the decision to pull Sunny may have made that show the canary in the server farm .
In theory , at least , the availability of such shows on Hulu threatens two of the key financial underpinnings of cable TV : DVD sales and carriage fees .
Comcast and its brethren pay the cable networks to carry their programming , and the idea that Internet users can watch the same shows online for free is not popular in places like , well , Philadelphia — or at least that corner of it where Comcast is headquartered .
Stock analysts are n't exactly thrilled with the concept , either .
Shortly after removing the Sunny episodes , Hulu took another unpopular step :
It shut off access to its programming from Boxee , the fledgling service that enables you to stream online video to your TV set .
In a blog posted titled “ Doing Hard Things , ” Hulu CEO Jason Kilar apologized to users .
“ Our content providers requested that we turn off access to our content via the Boxee product , ” he wrote , “ and we are respecting their wishes . ”
It 's not hard to see what 's at work here .
If cable and satellite operators are threatened by your ability to watch free shows on your computer , imagine how they feel about letting you watch free shows on your TV .
What if people decide they can do without those expensive bundles of programming ?
Of course , companies like Comcast and Time Warner Cable do n’t even begin to replicate Hulu ’s breadth — its readiness to stream every episode of every series it can get its hands on — or its ease of use .
The BitTorrent sites are n’t exactly a breeze , but at least they let you get what you want .
Kilar , a longtime Amazon exec , knows what the Internet is teaching audiences to expect :
The ability to watch any show , day or night .
And he ’s adept at explaining this new reality in a way that emphasizes its potential .
“ This is a tectonic shift , ” he told me when I profiled Hulu last year for Wired , “ and what it does is allow network heads to find the audience they always should have had but could n't reach . "
But not everybody sees it that way .
A story in yesterday ’s Los Angeles Times sums up what he ’s facing : Fear .
It ’s certainly understandable .
Television networks , and the Hollywood studios that make programming for them , are experiencing declining ad sales , declining DVD sales , and rising panic .
" We have to find ways to advance the business rather than cannibalize it , " said the distribution chief at Turner — a network that refuses to make shows like The Closer available on Hulu and keeps only a few episodes on its own site .
That would be nice , but the problem is that if you do n’t cannibalize yourself , somebody else will do it for you .
" You can't protect old business models artificially , " I was told by Peter Chernin , the outgoing president of Fox ’s parent company , News Corporation .
Television execs who doubt him might want to check with their friends in the newspaper industry .
Or better yet , just look at the paper itself .
The same startlingly thin issue of the LA Times that carried the Hulu story featured an article about Craigslist and its policies regarding classifieds , most of which are free .
Not so long ago , classified ads were a dependable cash cow for the newspaper business .
But yesterday ’s Craigslist article was followed , in the print edition , by a mere three pages of classifieds , liberally padded by display ads for the Times itself , with another three pages lurking at the end of the sports section .
This for a metropolitan area of nearly 13 million people .
That guy on Hulu ’s user forum who was turning to the Torrent sites ?
Kilar reads these forums all the time .
The executives who control Hulu ’s programming should do the same .
* Frank Rose is writing a book about how the Internet is changing storytelling and posting on the subject on his Deep Media blog .
* See Also :
Der ein oder andere mag es etwas weiter unten gelesen haben :
Am Mittwoch findet in Berlin eine öffentlichen Anhörung im für den „ Entwurf eines Gesetzes zur Bekämpfung der Kinderpornographie in Kommunikationsnetzen “ ( so der offizielle Name des Vorhabens ) zuständigen Ausschuss für Wirtschaft und Technologie statt .*
Im Rahmen der Anhörung , die für die „ Zensursula “ - Gesetzgebung durchaus vorentscheidend sein dürfte , werden diverse – von den Parteien bestellte – Sachverständige zum Thema befragt .
Da die Redezeit begrenzt ist , kommt es vor allem auf die schriftlichen Stellungnahmen ( Update : Neuer Link ) der Sachverständigen an .
Einige liegen bereits vor:**
Update , 26.05 . , 22:30 Uhr
Weitere Stellungnahmen :
/ Update
Update , 18.10 . : ZIP - File mit allen Stellungnahmen : 090527 _Anhoerung ( PDF ) / Update
Lesenswert sind eigentlich alle Stellungnahmen ( Juristen empfehle ich vor allem die von Dr. Dieter Frey .
Hier gibt es eine Zusammenfassung ) .
Interessant finde ich vor allem die des BKA .
Zunächst ein vergleichsweise harmloser Punkt , auf den mich Ralf aufmerksam gemacht hat :
Mit kommerziellen Webseiten werden Millionengewinne erzielt .
Die Kosten für einen Zugang belaufen sich auf etwa 80 – 100 US - Dollar monatlich .
100.000 Zugriffe auf inkriminierte Dateien binnen Tagesfrist konnten bereits im Einzelfall festgestellt werden , was ein Hinweis auf potenzielle Gewinnmöglichkeiten ist .
Ahja .
Jetzt mal abgesehen von der Zahl der Zugriffe ( Suchmaschinentreffen ? Altersgrenzen ? ) :
Das wäre doch mal ein Modell für die notleidende Verlagsbranche !
Wenn jeden
Tag zehntausende Userlein ein Angebot anklicken , sagen wir Spiegel Online , liegt dort phantastisches Gewinnpotential brach ?
Man müsste also nun nur noch Geld für die Inhalte verlangen , die Leser sind schließlich da !
Hallo , Herr Gorny , evtl .
klappt das sogar mit Musik ?
Das wäre klasse , oder ?
Wobei , moment … Ok , geschenkt .
Auch weil das mit den Zahlenspielchen nun wirklich durch ist .
Auf Schnappatmung umgestellt habe ich dann aber spätestens bei dieser bemerkenswerten Passage auf Seite 6 :
Access - Blocking wird im Ausland u. a. in folgenden Ländern durchgeführt : Großbritannien seit 2004
Norwegen seit 2004
Schweden seit 2005
Dänemark seit 2005
Schweiz seit 2006
Finnland seit 2007
In keinem der Länder werden andere Inhalte als Kinderpornografie gesperrt .
Die Sperrung erfolgt auf der Basis von Verpflichtungserklärungen der Provider .
Listen and repeat : „ In keinem der Länder werden andere Inhalte als Kinderpornografie gesperrt . “
Steht das wirklich in der offiziellen Stellungnahme der Behörde , der wir in Zukunft zwecks Erstellung der geheimen Sperrlisten vertrauen sollen ?
Ok , ich wiederhole es nochmal .
Nur , damit wir Klarheit haben : „ In keinem der Länder werden andere Inhalte als Kinderpornografie gesperrt . “
Ich habe mir nun mehrfach die Augen gerieben .
Es steht immer noch da .
Und dann habe ich mir noch einmal diese Analyse der finnische Sperrliste angesehen :***
The list features 1047 sites , nine of which have been confirmed to contain child porn .
Only one of these hosts it – the same one that Matti Nikki reported more than a year ago !
251 pages , roughly a quarter of the whole , contain gay porn .
Only 4 contain lesbian porn .
Fazit : Von 1047 gelisteten Seiten enthalten 9 ( in Worten : neun ) Verweise auf Kinderpornografie , davon 1 ( in Worten : eine ) kinderpornografische Inhalte ( weitere 28 werden als grenzwertig eingestuft ) .
879 ( in Worten : achthundertneunundsiebzig ) haben nach Angaben der finnischen Kollegen nichts mit Kinderpornografie zu tun !
Und das BKA behauptet , es würden in keinem der gelisteten Länder andere Inhalte als Kinderpornografie gesperrt ?
Ausgerechnet die Behörde , die in Deutschland für die Verwaltung der Sperrliste zuständig sein soll , lügt dem zuständigen Ausschuss in seiner offiziellen Stellungnahme ungeniert ins Gesicht ?
Ich habe nicht weitergelesen .
Vielleicht enthält die Stellungnahme noch weitere Ungeheuerlichkeiten , mir reicht bereits diese eine .
* Mittwoch , 27 .
Mai 2009 , 11 bis 13.30 Uhr , Jakob - Kaiser - Haus , Sitzungssaal 1 302 .
Interessierte Zuhörer werden gebeten , sich unter wirtschaftsausschuss@bundestag.de mit Angabe ihres Geburtsdatums anzumelden
** Der DIHK , der VATM und die Kinderschutzvereinigungen sind nicht als Sachverständige geladen .
*** Ich gehe davon aus , dass sowohl die Analyse als auch die zu Grunde liegende Sperrliste authentisch sind .
Die finnische Liste wurde zudem gewählt , weil sie am besten dokumentiert ist und die Dokumentation keine Links zu und Domainnamen von kinderpornografischen Angeboten enthält .
A South African - born , Massachusetts - based artist , Jennifer Maestre is known for her unique pencil sculptures .
She derives most of her inspiration from the form and texture of the sea urchin .
Skillfully crafted from hundreds and hundreds of colored pencils , they 're cut into one inch pieces , sharpened and then drilled through to become beads , and then sewn together using a peyote stitch .
In each of these incredible works you can feel the approach - avoid paradox from her medium -- a clear and surprising achievement ( and one of her goals ) .
Meet some of her best artworks below .
Link of the day - I will pay you $ 25 , if you come up with a cool domain name for me .
More than 74 million American barbecue each year .
Last year Americans bought roughly 900,000 tons of charcoal briquettes .
Kingsford , a unit of Clorox , has about 80 % market share .
According to a Web survey , most Americans decide when to take their food off the grill by cutting into it , seeing " if it looks done , " and / or " poking it with a fork . "
But 21 % just " wing it . "
A record 17.4 million grills and smokers were sold in 2007 .
That same year , revenues at leading grill maker Weber - Stephen Co. neared $ 200 million .
The Natural Born Grillers of Olive Branch , Mississippi , beat out 261 teams to win $ 26,000 at last year 's World Championship Barbecue Cooking Contest in Memphis , Tennessee .
They served a whole hog .
Holidays that get the most grills fired up : Memorial Day ( 69 % ) , Labor Day ( 74 % ) , and the Forth of July ( 86 % ) .
The George Forman grill has sold almost 100 million units since its 1995 debut .
19 % of Americans prefer to grill indoors .
People who make $ 100,000 - plus are 7 % more likely to time their barbecue and 3 % more likely to use a thermometer .
In the summer , the average American grill owner spends 4.4 hours barbecuing each week .
Why Did n’t I Think Of That
How Chef Nobu built his sushi empire
Boiling Mad : Crabs Feel Pain
The Big Five Budgeting Sins
The Death Of American Middle Class
UPDATE : Yeah , we April Fool ’d you guys pretty well yesterday .
Thanks for being such good sports .
Well , for the most part …
To make up for it , I ’m even including an alternate 3rd panel to this comic .
I think I prefer it over our final decision , but that ’s for you to decide .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
–
While Ray was n’t too impressed with Nintendo ’s GDC offerings , I ca n’t complain since the announcement of Spirit Tracks gave me the idea for this week ’s comic .
I was especially proud of my idea due to its timing , which was within a day of posting last week ’s comic .
Of course , I did pick the weekend of Ray ’s big move to be early , so it did n’t help Ray much , but I still think he did a fantastic job with the artwork .
Anyway , hope you enjoy !
I think this is the first time I strayed from clean vector lines for more of a scraggly brush look , but I think it was worth it to fit with the style of Toon Link .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A banker from Spokane , Washington , in the USA , has rescued a brood of ducklings which hatched on a ledge .
Joel Armstrong was ready and waiting to help the ducklings down , after rescuing a brood from the same problem a year before .
James Dagwell reports .
Start a Side Business While Looking for a Job
The following article is a post in a two - week series on “ Graduating From College During a Recession ” presented by the members of the College Money Network .
You can get all of the posts in this series and more by subscribing to the College Money Network RSS feed .
There are two routes on getting side income : finding a part - time job to supplement your income and freelancing your skills and talents .
I wrote about a few places with flexible part - time jobs a while back .
I wrote a bit about how people focus on one side of the personal finance equation :
Many people think that cutting expense is the only way to build savings and reduce debt .
That ’s not true .
One of the basic principles of personal finance is to spend less than you earn .
Most people focus on the former because it can be easier to look at ways to reduce your bills .
The great thing about that principle is that there ’s another part : earning more money .
If you ’re expenses are low and you ’re looking to set aside some money ; consider getting a part - time job .
Some people feel that their schedule does n’t allow another income .
This post is focusing on the second method of increasing your income : freelancing .
Face your fears about freelancing and entrepreneurship .
If you ’re a new college graduate and you do n’t have a job lined up or your job is basically to pay for your bills , then seriously consider freelancing .
It can build your skills , network , and your income .
You may be afraid to try to have a side job in this economy since it ’s hard for some graduates ( and others ) to find a decent payin office job .
See this as an oppurtunity to build another income source .
Assess one service that you can offer with your current skill set .
You can always build up your side job , so start off small and focused .
If you ’re a business graduate , for example , offer your accounting skills to local small businesses with bookkeeping .
If you ’re a web designer , try approaching business with websites already that could use an update to help bring in more business .
Check with SCORE to get advice on taxes , legal , and accounting information .
SCORE is a wonderful free resource that allows you to connect with experts in the business field with years of practical experience .
Get your own website up , email ready , and Paypal account open .
Use your website to build some credibility .
You DO NOT have to spend a ton of money .
I got my first website for less than $ 20 .
I use Nearly Free Speech for hosting and use WordPress as my blog platform .
You can use your hosting service for email services or use Gmail , which has a free option a well .
Your websites should include your contact information , portfolio , and a pitch about why your services are needed .
Scour online and in your local area for clients .
Freelance Switch has some wonder tips on how and where to find clients ( check the link to 101 tips ) .
I ’m listing a few that are free or low cost ways for when you just get started :
Send out an email to everyone in your address book , announcing what you do , where you are and what you can offer
Ask your satisfied clients for referrals
Do some pro-bono work for a charitable organization with industry links
Contact people you used to work with and ask them to send you any run-off work they might have
Practice an elevator speech about what you do and have it ready to go wherever you are
Participate on online forums ( using the forum signature line )
Comment on blogs to draw people back to your freelance site
Keep an eye on online job boards
Check out Craigs List for your city
What to Do With Side Income
If you ’re a graduate looking for a job , then by all means , use the money to help pay your bills .
After you find a job that can cover your bills , use your side income to :
Additional Resources for Freelancers and Entrepreneurs :
If you want to keep up to date with the website please subscribe to the site or receive it through email .
Graduating From College During a Recession Series
Photo Credit : Risager and dbking
This articl was editor ’s choice for the Carnival of Cashflow Consciousness # 2 .
Will any media member ask Dick Cheney why HE never released any memos when he was in power ?
is that too much to ask .
He 's playing games right now and trying to suck the media and the American people in .
Dick Cheney was having a grand old time defending torture , saying that he was n't in the torture business , but hey , we waterboarded a few people because his buddies at the OLC helped him out .
He was spinning his web and telling us that the OLC and the Bush administration acted within the law when they starting waterboarding prisoners on Face the Nation .
He denies that they ever used torture .
Cheney also said George Bush knew and approved everything they did .
I guess when he said we did n't use torture his was misleading America .
He also used the GOP talking point that we used the same techniques on our own troops in the SERE program so it ain't torture .
His daughter ( Liz Cheney ) learned a lot from him because she used the same defense to Norah O'Donnell which did n't even pass her smell test .
He absolutely would n't change a thing and still wants more memos released .
When will journalists ask Cheney why he did n't released these documents when he was in power ?
Bush was taking a tremendous amount of heat over the torture issue at the time .
Schieffer was asking him if he would allow himself to be questioned about these topics and go " under oath . "
Cheney dodged the question by saying he'd have to look into it legally and see what precedent he would set , but he 's talking now .
He WILL NEVER go under oath .
CHENEY : I 'd have to see what the circumstances are and what kind of precedent we were setting .
But certainly I would n't be out here today if I did n't feel comfortable talking about what we 're doing publicly .
I think it 's very , very important that we have a clear understanding that what happened here was an honorable approach to defending the nation , that there was nothing devious or deceitful or dishonest or illegal about what was done .
SCHIEFFER : Senator Leahy , the chairman of the Judiciary Committee , was on this broadcast recently .
And I said , do you intend to ask the former vice president to come up ?
And he said if he will testify under oath .
Would you be willing to testify under oath ?
He 's just trying to justify torture and he 's using TV to promote his views .
Let 's see if he 'll go on with Lawrence O'Donnell and face some real questions .
If Cheney will never appear with another guest or interviewer that uses facts to question him with , what makes you think he 'll go in front of Leahy ?
CBS has the full transcript and you can read more below the fold :
SCHIEFFER : What do you say to those , Mr. Vice President , who say that when we employ these kinds of tactics , which are after all the tactics that the other side uses , that when we adopt their methods , that we 're weakening security , not enhancing security , because it sort of makes a mockery of what we tell the
rest of the world ?
CHENEY : Well , then you 'd have to say that , in effect , we 're prepared to sacrifice American lives rather than run an intelligent interrogation program that would provide us the information we need to protect America .
The fact of the matter is , these techniques that we 're talking about are used on our own people .
We -- in a program that in effect trains our people with respect to capture and evasion and so forth and escape , a lot of them go through these same exact procedures .
Now ...
SCHIEFFER : Do you -- is what you 're saying here is that we should do anything if we could get information ?
CHENEY : No .
Remember what happened here , Bob .
We had captured these people .
We had pursued interrogation in a normal way .
We decided that we needed some enhanced techniques .
So we went to the Justice Department .
And the controversy has arisen over the opinions written by the Justice Department .
The reason we went to the Justice Department was n't because we felt we were going to take some kind of free hand assault on these people or that we were in the torture business .
We were n't .
And specifically , what we got from the Office of Legal Counsel were legal memos that laid out what is appropriate and
what 's not appropriate , in light of our international commitments .
CHENEY : If we had been about torture , we would n't have wasted our time going to the Justice
Department .
SCHIEFFER : How much did President Bush know specifically about the methods that were being used ?
We know that you -- and you have said -- that you approved this ...
CHENEY : Right .
SCHIEFFER : ... somewhere down the line .
Did President Bush know everything you knew ?
CHENEY : I certainly , yes , have every reason to believe he knew -- he knew a great deal about the program .
He basically authorized it .
I mean , this was a presidential - level decision .
And the decision went to the president .
He signed off on it .
SCHIEFFER : You said -- you said just a moment ago as you were talking about this , that -- you said that we have to realize what was at stake and we have to realize the circumstances .
Do you have any regrets whatsoever about any of the methods that were taken ?
Any of the things that were used back in those
days ?
Because there 's no question the country -- it was a different time .
The country 's mood was different .
We had just been -- something had happened here that had never happened before .
In retrospect , you -- years have passed .
You 're now out of office .
Do you think we should have done some things differently back then , or do you have any regrets about any of it ?
CHENEY : No regrets .
I think it was absolutely the right thing to do .
I 'm convinced , absolutely convinced , that we saved thousands , perhaps hundreds of thousands of lives .
In the aftermath of 9/11 , we had all of these questions about who Al Qaida was , where they were operating and so forth .
We did n't know nearly as much as we know today .
We were faced with a very real possibility -- we had reporting that said Al Qaida is trying to acquire nuclear capabilities .
We had the A.Q .
Khan network out there , a black - market operator selling nuclear weapons technology to Libya , North Korea and Iran .
We had the anthrax attack within a matter of weeks after 9/11 .
We had the kind of situation that meant that we were absolutely convinced , the country was convinced , that there was a very
high likelihood of a follow - on attack , a mass casualty attack against the United States .
No one then would have bet anything that you 're going to go eight years and not have another attack .
And we know , in fact , that they did try other attacks , and that we were able to stop them .
Now , if you 'd look at it from the perspective of a senior government official , somebody like myself , who stood up and took the oath of office on January 20th of '01 and raised their right hand and said we 're going to protect and defend the United States against all enemies foreign and domestic , this was exactly , exactly what was needed to do it .
I think if you look at this intelligence program that when things are quieter , 20 or 30 years from now , you 'll
be able to look back on this and say this is one of the great success stories of American intelligence .
I think , in fact , what the men and women in the intelligence community and the lawyers in the Justice Department and the senior officials who approved this program did exactly the right thing .
I think the charge that somehow there was something wrong done here or that this was torture in violation of U.S. statutes is just absolutely false .
SCHIEFFER : You -- you are speaking out .
You say you obviously feel passionately about this .
How far are you willing to take this approach ?
Are you willing to go back to the Congress and talk to people in Congress about this ?
There are all kinds of people talking about various kinds of investigations .
Would you go back and talk to the Congress ?
CHENEY : Certainly .
I 've made it very clear that I feel very strongly that what we did here was exactly the right thing to do .
And if I do n't speak out , then where do we find ourselves , Bob ?
Then the critics have free run , and there is n't anybody there on the other side to tell the truth .
So it 's important -- it 's important that we ...
SCHIEFFER : Senator Leahy , the chairman of the Judiciary Committee , was on this broadcast recently .
And I said , do you intend to ask the former vice president to come up ?
And he said if he will testify under oath .
Would you be willing to testify under oath ?
CHENEY : I 'd have to see what the circumstances are and what kind of precedent we were setting .
But certainly I would n't be out here today if I did n't feel comfortable talking about what we 're doing publicly .
I think it 's very , very important that we have a clear understanding that what happened here was an honorable approach to defending the nation , that there was nothing devious or deceitful or dishonest or illegal about what was done .
Teaser trailer for Extract .
In the film , Jason Bateman plays a flower - extract plant owner who sees his life crumbling around him .
As the experiment has progressed we see more insurance company scandals driving up costs and more problems and little success .
Nevertheless , the Democratic party leadership including Obama and Senators Baucus and Kennedy are continuing to push this , despite the serious shortcomings and exploding costs of the actual Massachusetts experience .
As you can tell by browsing the links above , from the government 's point of view , the main problem has been escalating costs .
Indeed , part of the big lie around the Massachusetts program is that it only passed because the principals agreed to lie about and ignore the issue of cost control .
Because you cannot control costs , and cover everybody , and have coverage that actually covers all needed care , and also keep the for - profit insurance companies in the as an uncecessray middleman .
In fact Massachusetts made matter worse by adding an additional administrative layer , the so - called " connector " that adds an additional 4 - 5 % overhead , that would also be eliminated if we just had the automatic enrollment of everybody with single payer .
From the patients 's point of view , costs have gone up while what is actually covered under their plans varies and sucks .
What is actually required to be covered is pathetic .
Universal apparently still does not require coverage radiation and chemotherapy ( do n't have legally acceptable " unviersal " plan and get cancer ) , maternity and newborn care ( or get pregnant ) , and diagnostic imaging ( be sick and need an x-ray ) and screening tests ( ask for routine preventive care ) .
Other than those items it is what they call " Universal . "
Here are some patients ' stories that give a further sense of the failings of this type of " unversal reform . "
Now there is an up - to - date full report ( . pdf ) on the shortcomings of the Massachusetts plan as of February 2009 .
As report co-author Rachel Nardin , M.D. , President of the Massachusetts Chapter of Physicians for a National Health Program points out health insurance is not synonymous with health care :
In April 2006 , Massachusetts enacted a health care reform law with the stated goal of providing near - universal coverage of the Massachusetts population .
Nearly three years into the reform , we know a lot about what has worked and what has n’t .
Examining this data critically is vitally important as the Obama administration considers elements of Massachusetts ’ plan as a model for national health care reform .
The Massachusetts reform is an example of " incremental " reform .
It tried to fill in gaps in coverage , while leaving undisturbed existing public and private health insurance programs .
It did this by expanding Medicaid and offering a new subsidized coverage program for the poor and near - poor .
It also mandated that middle - income uninsured people either purchase private health insurance or pay a substantial fine ( $ 1,068 in 2009 ) .
The reform has reduced the numbers of uninsured , although our report ( . pdf ) shows that the state ’s claim of near - universal coverage is untrue .
This claim is based on a phone survey that reached few non-English speaking households and few who lacked landline phones – two groups with high rates of uninsurance .
Other data also calls this claim into question .
For instance , both the Massachusetts Department of Revenue and the March 2008 U.S. Census Bureau survey indicate that at least 5 percent of people in Massachusetts remain uninsured .
Moreover , the use of free care services in Massachusetts has fallen by only a third , suggesting that the numbers of uninsured in the state may well be even higher than 5 percent .
Despite the reform , coverage remains unaffordable for many in our state .
As a result , despite the threat of a fine , some residents remain uninsured .
Others have bought the required insurance but are suffering financially .
For a middle income , 56 - year - old man , the cheapest policy available under the reform costs $ 4,872 annually in premiums alone .
Moreover , it carries a $ 2,000 deductible and 20 percent co-payments after that , up to a maximum of $ 3000 annually .
Buying such coverage means laying out nearly $ 7,000 before the insurance pays a single medical bill .
It is not surprising that many of the state ’s uninsured have declined such coverage .
The study ( .pdf ) we are releasing today also reminds us that having health insurance is not the same thing as having health care .
Despite having coverage , many Massachusetts residents cannot afford care .
In some cases , patients are actually worse off under the reform than they were under the state ’s old system of free care because their new insurance has far higher co-pays for medications and care .
According to a recent Boston Globe / Blue Cross Foundation survey , 13 percent of people with insurance in our state were unable to pay for some health services that they had received and 13 percent could not afford to fill necessary prescriptions .
The reform does not appear to have reduced the numbers of people who were unable to get care that they needed because of the cost .
I will close with the story of one Massachusetts patient who has suffered as a result of the reform .
Kathryn is a young diabetic who needs 12 prescriptions a month to stay healthy .
She told us , " Under Free Care I saw doctors at Mass General and Brigham and Women ’s hospital .
I had no co-payments for medications , appointments , lab tests or hospitalization ... Under my Commonwealth Care Plan my routine monthly medical costs include the $ 110 premium , $ 200 for medications , a $ 10 appointment with my primary care doctor , and $ 20 for a specialist appointment .
That ’s $ 340 per month , provided I stay well . "
Now that she ’s " insured , " Kathryn ’s medical expenses consume almost one - quarter of her take home pay and she wonders whether she ’ll be able to continue taking her life - saving medications .
So : Many remain uninsured in Massachusetts and actual access to health care continues to be a problem statewide and for many residents it has actually worsened !
As Dr. Woolhandler a primary care physician in Massaschusetts and Associate Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School who was also a co-founder of Physicians for a National Health Program points out :
These high costs have already triggered a new crisis in our state .
Last fall , Gov. Deval Patrick announced massive cuts to safety - net providers including public hospitals and community clinics .
As a result , these providers have reduced the care available to the state ’s remaining uninsured , as well as to others who rely on them for services in short supply in the private sector .
These safety - net services , which often lose money for hospitals even when patients have good insurance , include emergency care , chronic mental health care and primary care .
The public hospital where I work is busier than ever , but has just announced that it will close six community clinics , and about half of its inpatient psychiatry beds – despite critical shortages of primary care and psychiatric services .
Most of our poor patients , who previously received completely free care , are now forced to pay upfront co-payments prior to receiving care .
It is not surprising that a recent survey of Massachusetts residents directly affected by the reform found that they were more likely to have been hurt by the reform than helped .
Meanwhile , the reform further encouraged the overuse of expensive , high - technology care .
Little - known provisions in the bill increased payments for specialty care while cutting reimbursement for primary care .
This has further tilted health spending toward expensive , high - tech care and away from the primary and preventive care that is the sine qua non of quality , efficient health care .
By requiring that uninsured residents purchase private health insurance , the law reinforced the economic and political power of health insurance firms .
Patients were forced to help foot the bill for private insurers ’ high overhead – three to four times higher than Medicare ’s administrative costs .
Moreover , the agency that administers the new law ( the " Connector " ) adds an extra 4 to 5 percentage points to the already - high overhead of private health insurance policies .
And for hospitals and doctors , the new reform has added new administrative burdens and costs .
In contrast , a single - payer system of non-profit national health insurance could save $ 8 billion - $ 10 billion annually in the state through reduced administrative costs .
This money could be used to cover all of the state ’s uninsured residents and to improve coverage for those who now have insurance with large co-payments and deductibles , without any increase in total health care costs .
The Massachusetts reform law is not providing universal access to care , even in a wealthy state with the most favorable circumstances .
We started out with high levels of medical spending and low rates of uninsurance .
Yet even under these near - ideal conditions the reform is failing .
It would be a grave mistake to use Massachusetts ’ reform as a model for the nation .
Sidney Wolfe M.D. , Director of the Public Citizen Health Research Group chimed in :
Albert Einstein once said " The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . "
In this case , the insanity of doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results is the 20 - year history of state health insurance reform legislation in the United States , detailed at the end of the report being released today and involving nine different states .
Although these reforms differed in detail , they shared common elements .
All states offered new public subsidies or expanded Medicaid for poor and near - poor people .
All left the majority of private health insurance arrangements undisturbed .
As the state charts in the report document , all of these failed to have a lasting effect on the problems of uninsured people in those states .
State experiments are an important way of trying out programs , which , if they succeed , can go national .
In this country , Wisconsin programs for social security were an important predecessor to the Federal Social Security Act in 1935 .
But if the programs repeatedly fail , to keep experimenting on people by repeating the same set of mistakes in different states , let alone using this private - public model for national health insurance , is nothing short of exemplifying Einstein ’s definition of insanity .
It should not take a psychiatrist to diagnose or treat this insanity .
Roll back the clock to 1962 when in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan there was a similar problem of many uninsured people , private health insurance companies for those wealthy enough to afford such insurance and the quandary of how to address the problem .
Saskatchewan enacted a single - payer health insurance system that year and after nine years of very positive results , the system was instituted throughout Canada .
The major difference between the Canadian system and ours is the enormous cost savings in Canada of eliminating the private health insurance industry and all of the administrative waste it foists on doctors , hospitals and other health providers .
Today ’s report estimates that a single - payer system of non-profit national health insurance could save $ 8 billion to $ 10 billion annually in Massachusetts alone through reduced administrative costs .
This is an amount far in excess of the rapidly escalating annual cost ( $ 1.3 billion in fiscal 2009 ) of the Massachusetts plan .
Unlike the current plan , which literally robs
Peter to pay Paul by taking money from critical safety - net programs to provide health insurance for others , money freed up because of a single - payer plan could be used to cover all of the state ’s uninsured residents and to improve coverage for those who now have insurance with large co-payments and deductibles , without any increase in total health care costs .
This is not the time to impose on everyone in the country state health insurance programs that have failed multiple times .
It is time to wake up from this insanity and enact single - payer health insurance for all .
The Massachussetts chapter of PNHP sent a letter from nearly 500 Massachusetts physicians to Sen.
Edward Kennedy asking him not to push for a Massachusetts - style reform nationally .
Hopefully these constituents will not just be ignored .
Maybe somebody , instead of listening to the corporate lobbyists , the Beltway will begin to listen to what the American people are actually saying , including support of single payer :
The polls suggest that the actual American people are way ahead of inside the beltway conventional wisdom as to what is politically acceptable :
Associated Press / Yahoo News Poll , Dec. 14-20 , 2007 ( .pdf , page 19 ) : " Which would you prefer - the current health insurance system in the United States , in which most people get their health insurance from private employers , but some people have no insurance ; or a universal health insurance program , in which everyone is covered under a program like Medicare that 's run by the government and financed by taxpayers ? "
CURRENT=33 %
UNIVERSAL=62 %
NO OPINION=6 %
Four years later the same question ...
Associated Press / Yahoo News Poll , Dec. 14-20 , 2007 ( .pdf , page 15 ) : Which comes closest to your view ?
" The United States should continue the current health insurance system in which most people get their health insurance from private employers , but
some people have no insurance " = 34 % " The United States should adopt a universal health insurance program in which everyone is covered under a program like Medicare that is run by the government and financed by taxpayers " = 65 % Refused / Not Answered = 2 %
Interestingly , when offered essentially the same universal program is offered alone without the comparison to the current system , but with the single payer name , the numbers from the same 2007 AP / Yahoo News poll was lower but still a majority :
" Do you consider yourself a supporter of a single - payer health care system , that is a national health plan financed by taxpayers in which all Americans would get their insurance from a single government plan , or not ? "
YES = 54 %
NO = 44 %
REFUSED /NOT ANSWERED = 2 %
And just two weeks ago in a poll by CBS / NYT ( .pdf , page 4 ) :
UPDATE , May 12 , 1 PM PT : Protests for Rosenberg are taking place at the presidential palace in Guatemala City , and some protesters are streaming video live from their laptops in the streets : BB post link .
– – – – – – – – – –
Boing Boing reader " Tricky " in Guatemala says ,
I 'm writing you this email to let you know about the video testimony of Rodrigo Rosenberg that has been uploaded to YouTube .
He was a lawyer in Guatemala City , and he was murdered this past Sunday , May 10 .
He left this video , taped before he was killed , in which he names his murderers : President Alvaro Colom , his wife and his private secretary .
Part 1 of his posthumous video , and here is part 2 .
Here is an account in El Periodico , the Guatemalan newspaper that published the story .
The local TV channels are avoiding the story altogether , and have been on a campaign for awhile now trying to discredit the written press .
I 'll try to summarize the El Periodico story and his last words .
Rosenberg was the legal representative of two murdered Guatemalans : Khalil Musa and his daughter Marjorie Musa .
Guatemalan president Alvaro Colom approached Khalil Musa and asked of him to work in the board of Banrural , one of the state banks in Guatemala .
Khalil Musa accepted the job but the government did n't put him in the post , after three months he told the president that he was resigning to the position he never took , because his good name was being used to say that no more strange transactions were happening within the bank .
Musa was murdered .
and the police and judicial system did n't find anything about the murderers , as a matter of fact , they said that it was their own factory workers that murdered them , finally saying in private to members of the family of the murdered Khalil Musa , that it was indeed because of the corruption that was going on at Banrural and that it was their own fault .
Rosenberg filmed and wrote this document , because he did n't want to shut up .
Now I 'm thinking also of why the " state of calamity " was proclaimed here in Guatemala last week , that uses the swine flu outbreak as an excuse , with only 3 confirmed cases .
The state 's reaction to only 3 confirmed cases of H1N1 seemed a bit much , but makes more sense when you consider that same " state of calamity " imposes restraint on freedom of the press .
The California Supreme Court today upheld Proposition 8 , the voter - approved law restoring a ban on same - sex marriages in the state , but at the same time left intact the more than 18,000 marriages for gay and lesbian couples who wed last year before the ballot measure went into effect .
The Supreme Court ’s decision puts California in unusual territory for the time being , establishing a two - tiered system of marriage across the state for same - sex couples .
Under the ruling , Proposition 8 will continue to outlaw same - sex marriage in the future , but those gay and lesbian couples who got their marriage licenses before last November ’s election will remain on equal legal footing with heterosexual couples .
At least 2,000 “ Marriage Equality ” supporters gathered in front of the Supreme Court this morning to await the ruling , including Zinnia Gaines and her wife , Rasheeda Gaines .
The African American couple got married Sept. 25 , 2008 , just a few months before the November election .
As word of the decision spread , the crowd let out a resounding “ boo ” and many hugged .
Zinnia , who was holding a large poster that included a copy of their marriage certificate , photographs from their wedding and of their 7 - year - old son , burst into tears .
“ They keep talking about gays and lesbians as if we are not humans , ” said Zinnia Gaines .
“ Even though we got married before the election , it ’s still scary because they can always revote . ”
Gaines said she feared that Prop. 8 supporters could somehow file another statewide ballot initiative that could ultimately nullify her marriage .
“ We have to really start getting out there and telling the stories of our families , and letting our children talk , ” Zinnia Gaines said .
After the court ’s decision was released , hundreds of people somberly walked across the plaza to San Francisco ’s City Hall , where the first gay marriages were performed in February 2004 .
Inside , attorneys for several organizations that fought Prop 8 gave an hour long news conference .
“ It is impossible to square the elation we felt a year ago with the grief we feel today , ” said Kate Kendall , executive director of the National Center for Lesbian Rights .
“ It is clear this is not the end . ”
Gay marriage advocates vowed to take the fight to “ win marriage back ” to California voters again in 2010 .
About 150 protesters , some holding roses , blocked the intersection at Van Ness Avenue and Grove Street near city hall with hundreds more rallying around them .
Police stood nearby to contain the crowd but kept traffic away until noon when they began arresting people still blocking the intersection .
The 6 - 1 decision to uphold Prop 8 was widely expected by legal experts , as it was considered unlikely the justices would have the legal authority to overturn a voter - approved amendment to the California constitution .
Only Justice Carlos Moreno voted to strike down Prop 8 .
Chief Justice Ronald George , who authored last year ’s ruling striking down the state ’s prior ban on gay marriage , wrote today ’s majority opinion upholding Prop 8 , cautioning that the decision is not based on whether the measure “ is wise or sound as a matter of policy , ” but instead “ concerns the scope of the right of the people … to change or alter the state Constitution itself . ”
The ruling is likely to shift the battleground over gay marriage back to the political arena , as gay rights advocates already are mobilizing to push another ballot measure to erase Prop 8 , approved by voters by a 52 to 48 percent margin .
Civil rights groups are hopeful they can duplicate the political momentum they ’ve gained in Iowa and on the East Coast , where a number of states have moved in recent months to legalize gay marriage .
“ While we were hoping the court would rule in favor of equality , we have been building the infrastructure to win marriage equality rights at the ballot box , ” said Rick Jacobs , chair of the pro-gay marriage Courage Campaign .
Gay marriage foes quickly praised the ruling .
“ In America , we respect the results of fair elections , ” said Austin Nimocks , senior legal counsel for the conservative Alliance Defense Fund .
“ The California Supreme Court arrived at the only correct conclusion available . ”
In a statement , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger repeated his past stance that he believes gay marriage willl eventually be permitted in California .
“ While I believe that one day either the people or courts will recognize gay marriage , as governor of California I will uphold the decision , ” he said , adding the justices “ made the right decision ” to keep the existing marriages intact .
For the state Supreme Court , today ’s ruling rested on very different issues than what the justices considered last May , when they overturned California ’s previous ban on gay marriage in a historic ruling that rocked the state and sent thousands of same - sex couples scrambling to the altar .
In that 4 - 3 decision , the court concluded that a ballot measure and family law statute outlawing same - sex marriage violated the California constitution ’s equal protection guarantees for gays and lesbians by depriving them of the equal right to marry .
But Prop 8 altered the legal debate because it actually amended the state constitution itself , the ultimate trump card against Supreme Court intervention .
The majority portrayed Prop 8 as a measure that has limits , removing the label of marriage for same - sex couples but not “ the right of those couples to establish an officially recognized family relationship . ”
Among other things , Prop 8 does not impact the state ’s strong domestic partnership protections for same - sex couples .
Gay rights advocates , however , have decried such a system because it sets up a separate status from heterosexual couples .
Karen Strauss and Ruth Borenstein , lead plaintiffs in one of the legal challenges to Prop 8 , expressed disappointment that they will be unable to marry now .
“ I was so hoping the court would find its way to a decision that continues , rather than repeals , our equality under the law , ” Strauss said .
In his dissent , Moreno , who ’d been mentioned in recent weeks as a possible U.S. Supreme Court candidate , warned that the ruling “ places at risk the state constitutional rights of all disfavored minorities . ”
A number of local governments , including San Francisco and Santa Clara County , challenged the measure , along with civil rights groups and same - sex couples seeking the right to marry .
The central argument was that Prop 8 amounted to an improper method of amending the California constitution , and that it unfairly targeted a minority group by taking away the right to marry .
Attorney General Jerry Brown went further , arguing that Prop 8 should be invalidated because it conflicted directly with last year ’s state Supreme Court ruling finding a gay marriage ban unconstitutional .
Prop 8 supporters defended the law , arguing that the Supreme Court should not tamper with a voter - approved amendment to the constitution .
Kenneth Starr , the former Whitewater special prosecutor and now dean of Pepperdine University law school , led the defense of the ballot measure in court .
Mercury News Staff Writers Dana Hull and Sean Webby contributed to this report .
Contact Howard Mintz at hmintz@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) -286-0236
Advertisements
Bush ’s Politicized DoJ ; A Department of Justice which served the Executive Branch instead of the constitution created the perfect environment for the torture memos .
Jonathan Landay reported today :
“ The Bush administration applied relentless pressure on interrogators to use harsh methods on detainees in part to find evidence of cooperation between al Qaida and the late Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein ’s regime , according to a former senior U.S. intelligence official and a former Army psychiatrist .
Advertisements
Such information would ’ve provided a foundation for one of former President George W. Bush ’s main arguments for invading Iraq in 2003 .
In fact , no evidence has ever been found of operational ties between Osama bin Laden ’s terrorist network and Saddam ’s regime . ”
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/227/story/66622.html
The Bush administration used the DoJ in a desperate attempt to justify Bush ’s personal agenda and horrifically rash decisions .
In fact , Bush went hunting for the connection between al Qaida and Hussein AFTER the invasion and used the DoJ to rewrite the interpretation of torture in order to assist intelligence officials on their mission to satisfy the Executive Branch ’s post - invasion agenda .
Of course , no such evidence was ever found and the rationale for invading the sovereign nation of Iraq is still a mystery , teetering precariously on the Bush lie of “ Weapons of Mass Destruction ” .
A lie which many on the right still believe , courtesy of Fox News , and one which our main stream media fed us without question in the days leading up to the invasion , as well as for years afterward .
What this reveals about the Bush Administration and its impact on democracy is even more horrifying .
We used to have 3 arms of government , which operated separately but together formed the checks and balances this country was founded on .
Bush decimated our three arms of government , via his politicization of the Justice Department .
For years , I ’ve been railing on about his politicizing of the DoJ and how when it came out , Bush would be proven to be a much more corrupting influence on our country than Nixon .
I now fear this is just the tip of the iceberg .
We may never get the DoJ back in our lifetime , due to the Bush administration illegally stocking the DoJ with careerist conservative fundies , according to Inspector Fine ’s investigation of the Bush DoJ ’s hiring practices .
But at least we have a solid appointment in Holder and others .
This last election was the tipping point ; one more round of corrupt , authoritarian rule by the GOP and this country ’s democracy would have been gone forever .
An authoritarian government ( and remember , lawyers referred to the DoJ memos released several weeks ago as indicating that we were living under an authoritarian regime ) consists of the following principles : “ 1 ) rule of men , not rule of law ; 2 ) rigged elections ; 3 ) all important political decisions made by unelected officials behind closed doors ; 4 ) a bureaucracy operated quite independently of rules , the supervision of elected officials , or concerns of the constituencies they purportedly serve ; 5 ) the informal and unregulated exercise of political power . ” *
The torture memos suggest that we have become just such a nation .
Certainly , we were operating under the Rule of Man , rather than Law .
I ’m beginning to think the Terror Alert levels the Bush Administration implemented with such glee ( I ’ve never seen a Republican happier than when they are fear - mongering ) were actually their subconscious efforts to alert to us : The Terror is Here , at Home , in the Oval Office .
Take Notice .
The effects of the DoJ ’s politicization on Congress are still not being explored or explained , but congress was basically impotent due to the DoJ takeover by the Bush admin .
It seemed that the main power congress had in the past 8 years was to do Bush ’s bidding .
You can see evidence of this in their inability to get Rove to testify , but that ’s just one manifestation of congress ’s reduced power under the Bush administration .
What distresses me is how easily the left will believe the worst in their elected officials , while failing to dig deeper to see if there is a root cause .
Yes , our elected officials are far from perfect and many of them could be replaced with better people .
But unless we want to repeat the last 28 years , we ’d better start grasping just what was going on the last 8 years and who was responsible .
It seems that people still want to believe the Congress had power , that things were n’t as bad as they were .
While I ca n’t blame anyone for holding on to that illusion , I do hope that as more and more is exposed regarding the Bush administration ’s rampant abuse of power and corruption of democracy , we can stay focused on regaining power long enough to correct these things .
And that will mean , among other things , using the power available to us now , in the form of our Democratic representatives .
There is a fine line between the strength of the left ’s questioning of their officials ( a good thing ) and destabilizing reactionary anger ( a bad thing ) .
A recent example of this is the left railing at President Obama to prosecute the Bush administration and others for torture .
Do I want prosecutions ?
You better believe it .
But more importantly , I want the rule of law returned to this country .
The AG is supposed to determine , based on the evidence , whether or not to prosecute .
Holder has a reputation as someone whose allegiance is to the constitution , not political party and certainly not the President .
This is as it should be .
I do n’t want Obama pulling a Bush and telling the DoJ what would please him , and I certainly do n’t want Obama directing the DoJ to rewrite the laws to suit his agenda , as Bush did .
Urging Obama to prosecute is tantamount to asking him to Bushify the Executive Office .
We do n’t like the result of it as it pertains to the torture memos , so we should n’t assume it ’s OK if Obama were to do it .
We should direct our desire for prosecution to Holder and even House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers , who recently renewed his call for a special prosecutor to conduct a criminal inquiry , and we should urge them to adhere to the rules of law , not our desire for prosecutions .
It ’s a fine distinction , but an important one .
I have confidence in Holder ’s willingness to prosecute if the evidence is there .
The Republicans tried to base their confirmation of Holder upon exacting a promise from Holder that he would NOT prosecute the Bush administration .
Of course , we all knew then that we had n’t heard even a small percentage of the potential crimes they had committed .
But Holder refused to back down .
In fact , he told the Republicans that the law would dictate whether or not there were prosecutions .
He proved his adherence to the law with his decision to overturn Ted Stevens ’ conviction .
Because while it appears that Stevens may indeed be guilty of the crimes he was originally convicted of , the prosecutorial process was flawed .
Holder recognized that and did the right thing .
A non-partisan allegiance to our laws is exactly what we want in our AG .
If we ’re smart , we ’ll learn from the failure of the right .
Their biggest shortcoming is their unquestioning belief in their elected officials .
Ours is the opposite ; we have no faith in our elected officials .
We ’re a suspicious group , who question everything .
A fine quality , but one that can easily morph into frenzied disorganization and a petulant unwillingness to think strategically .
Are n’t we clever enough to learn from the right ’s mistakes ; i.e. , to not be our own worst enemies ?
I hope so , because it seems the fate of our country rests upon our shoulders .
If we do n’t restore the rule of law and reason – if we ca n’t stay in power long enough to achieve this – our country will slide back into the hands of the authoritarian dictatorship style of the right .
After all the challenges we went through to get here ; fighting the corrupt election process , with Diebold and the DoJ backing the GOP ’s election corruption , you ’d think we ’d remember that we BARELY made it .
What was at stake and is still at stake was never about political parties , but about democracy .
It just so happens this time around that the far right became a monster bent on ruining democracy to enrich their corporate interests .
Perhaps one day Democrats will be the party of too much power ( given the credo “ absolute power corrupts absolutely ” ) , but right now , the fact of the matter is that the GOP is a authoritarian party bent on total control and fake elections .
I ’d elect anyone who did n’t have that as an agenda in order to counter it .
As we question Obama and his administration , it ’s important to stay focused on our values and goals as progressives and never forget what is at stake .
Obama ’s ability to rise above the all too familiar Democratic failures of poor strategy and undisciplined messaging paved his way to the White House , where he can now implement policies which reflect the principles of a true progressive and restore democracy to our gravely injured government .
If we stay true to our principles and resist the urge to become that which we hate , as well as the inevitable pitfalls of progressives , we stand a decent chance of seeing justice and law restored to America .
* Vestal , Theodore M. Ethiopia : A Post - Cold War African State
1
2
3
The most infamous handheld of the new millenium !
Objective of the game is to attack the tower without being shot down by American jets ....... Whew - Weird shit children !
The majority of these game consoles were confiscated and destroyed .
It is believed that under 200 of these games exist today .
Has to be able to execute any binary on the system in a domain called sandbox_t .
Since the goal here is to make a general purpose tool that anyone could use in a script , I did not want to limit the user to a particular app .
Can not " Open or Create any files on the system " .
Later we added a sandbox_file_t type that sandbox apps can Manage , files , directories , sock_files , fifo_files sandbox_file_t is only currently created if you execute sandbox as root , with the - M flag , this creates a temporary file system mount labeled sandbox_file_t under / mnt
Can not use the network .
Should only be able to read a small amount of the system
Sandbox_t needs to be able to read the executables , in order to execute them , we might experiment with using fexece , although there are currently no python bindings .
sandbox_t domain to use shared libraries , so sandbox_t can read all libraries on the system .
sandbox_t can use any open file descriptors passed to it by the shell , or any other app that would be able to execute the sandbox domain .
But it remember it CANNOT OPEN or CREATE any file .
The sandbox command can take a - - type ( - t ) qualifier to allow it to run the job with an alternative domain .
So you could write policy to only run sandbox 's with out shared libraries , or you could run a sandbox that is able to use one or two network ports .
sandbox command has a - - mount ( - m ) option .
This will mount a tmpfs file system under / mnt , labeled sandbox_file_t , then it cd to this directory so the sandboxed apps can write to their current working directory .
Multiple sandboxes could be running at the same time so we want to make sure they can not interact together , so I added " mcs " protection to them .
Each sandbox runs with a slightly different MCS label meaning that one process can not interfere with another .
Sandbox is allowed to write to the terminal , since users would expect this .
The other day some of my colleagues and I were discussing a recent request for the Linux Kernel to add " security sandbox " functionality .
We talked about how we could do this with SELinux .
The discussions brought up an old Bug report of my about writing policy for the " little things " .
SELinux does a great job of confining System Services , but what about applications executed by users .
The bug report talked about confining grep , awk , ls ...
The idea was could n't we stop the grep or the mv command from suddenly opening up a network connection and copying off my /etc / shadow file to parts unknown .
Could we write an SELinux policy that allows users to build scripts to process untrusted content into some output that they could safely use.cat /tmp/UNTRUSTEDCONTENT
| sandbox / sbin/ filter.sh >
/tmp/SEMITRUSTEDCONTENTAnother possible use case would be to tie sandbox into GRID jobs , or Condor .
I could image an administrator saying that I will allow a grid job to run on my machine but I want SELinux to sandbox the job and make sure it causes no harm to my system , or from my system .
I do not want GRID jobs becoming Spam Bots or somehow attacking the rest of my system .
I definitely do not want them touching my homedir , since that is where firefox stores my credit card data .
I decided to write a policy called sandbox , it took me approximately 10 button clicks using system - config - selinux / polgengui in F11 .
I will show you how I did this later in the blog , if you are interested .
You could use runcon to cause unconfined_t user domain to transition to the sandbox_t domain , but I decided to build a new tool called / usr / bin / sandbox that would do this for you .
The tool and policy are currently available in selinux - policy - 3.6.12-41.fc11 and policycoreutils -2.0.62-12.6.fc11 .
My current intention with sandbox is not to handle X Apps , since these apps want to write all over the home directory ~/.gconf , ~/ gnome . , ~/.config ... and all over / tmp , along with use privs to talk to the X Server .
I have some ideas on this for the future that I hope to experiment with .
So what were my security goals in writing sandbox .
One test I have run with it is > sandbox id - Zunconfined_u:unconfined_r:sandbox_t:s0:c87,c905
This command shows that sandbox ran the id command under the sandbox_t domain and chose the MCS label s-:c87,c905
If
I wanted to create a file of users on my system from the /etc / passwd file , I could try > sandbox cut -d : -f1 /etc / passwd >
/tmp/users/bin/cut : /etc / passwd : Permission denied
Which shows the sandbox domain is not allowed to open / etc / passwdBut I can execute > cat /etc / passwd | sandbox cut -d : - f1 > /tmp/usersBut if I wanted to use sandbox to read random locations on the system , > sandbox ls - lZ / tmp / bin/ls : cannot open directory / tmp : Permission denied [ Exit 2 ] I think this is a very powerful concept and could be used to confine random scripts that handle untrusted data , without the admin needing to write much policy .
You can play around with the tool and see what you think , although it will generate lots of AVC messages .
Creating the Sandbox policy .
I ran system - config - selinux , I selected Policy Modules and clicked on New .
When I got to the " Select type of the application / user role to be confined , I selected user application .
Sandbox can be run by administrators or normal users so this made sense .
I called the policy sandbox , I lied about an executable / sbin / sandbox and thenFinally I told the tool to transition from unconfined_u user roleI just clicked to the end and installed the policy using the generated sandbox .
shI could then use the runcon command to run a random binary as sandbox_t .
Now I went in an started editing the policy , I removed the " permissive sandbox_t " line which the gui tool adds automatically .
I also remove files_read_etc_files .
To make it more tightly locked down , I addedfiles_rw_all_inherited_files(sandbox_t ) to allow sandbox_t to use any file on the file system that is handed to the process .
I also added sandbox_file_t type and allows sandbox_t to manage this type .
Say you wanted to create a sandbox domain that can just connect to port 25 , you could go through the same steps and when you get to the network connection section you can add the ability to connect to this port .
A Missouri mother should serve three years in prison for her role in a MySpace hoax on a 13 - year - old neighbor who committed suicide , federal prosecutors said in court documents filed Wednesday in Los Angeles .
Assistant U.S. Atty .
Mark Krause outlined the government ’s position while requesting the maximum sentence for Lori Drew .
Probation officials have recommended that Drew receive a year of probation and a $ 5,000 fine .
Krause argued that Drew “ coldly conceived of a scheme to humiliate ” Megan Meier , a neighbor in a St. Louis suburb , by helping create a fictitious teenage boy on the social networking site and sending flirtatious messages in his name to the girl .
The fake boy then dumped Megan in a message , saying the world would be better without her .
She hanged herself a short time later .
Advertisement
Drew used her then - 13 - year - old daughter and a business assistant in the scheme , which played on Megan ’s insecurities , Krause said .
“ Both the callousness of defendant ’s criminal conduct and the extraordinary harm it caused mandate a sentence of more than probation , ” Krause wrote .
Drew was convicted in November of three counts of accessing computers without authorization .
Besides up to three years in prison , she could face a $ 300,000 fine .
Sentencing is set for May 18 .
The trial was held in Los Angeles because the servers of the social networking site are here .
Prosecutors argued during the trial that Drew violated MySpace rules by setting up the phony profile for a boy named “ Josh Evans . ”
Jurors decided Drew was not guilty of the more serious felonies of intentionally causing emotional harm while accessing computers without authorization .
Advertisement
The jury could not reach an unanimous verdict on a felony conspiracy charge .
Drew was not directly charged with causing Megan ’s death .
Drew ’s attorney , H. Dean Steward , has asked U.S. District Court Judge George H. Wu to throw out the verdicts .
Tags
Should we be conscripting people into the military or community service programs of some sort ?
Whether the government should require " national service " is a perennial issue that has enjoyed renewed emphasis during this time of economic strife , but let 's not mince words .
What is compulsory national service but a type of slavery ?
We can sing the praises of the ennobling and embiggening effects of time in the military or time in the peace corps , but this loses its luster when the ennobling and embiggening are done at the point of a gun .
" Service " extracted at the point of a gun is not honorable .
It is tragic .
Furthermore , conscription is a backdoor way of increasing the state 's burden on society in a way that is more difficult to measure than taxing and spending .
The use of compulsion suggests ipso facto that resources are being wasted .
Some may argue that this is an exercise in incendiary rhetoric , but it is also correct : compulsory service is slavery by definition .
Call a spade a spade .
Milton Friedman did when he referred to the conscripted army that was fighting in Vietnam as an army of slaves .
They were : they went to Vietnam as a result of threats against life and limb .
Some who took a principled stand against the war and in line with their convictions , like Muhammad Ali , were stripped of some of the most productive years of their lives .
Even if we grant the standard arguments in favor of national defense and in favor of a draft — e.g. , national defense is a public good that will be underprovided by the private marketplace ; it is unfair that the children of the poor should find it disproportionately attractive to fight in order to defend the property of the rich ; etc. — it is unlikely that the political process can improve on the market ( or its close substitutes ) .
If public officials are to presume themselves responsible stewards of the resources with which they have been entrusted , this demands a thorough accounting for the epistemological problems associated with conscripted resources versus voluntary exchange .
Robert Higgs offers a wide - ranging criticism of the military draft in his classic Crisis and Leviathan .
This generates real insight into the problems of national service and conscription .
Higgs points out that people were slow to volunteer after the United States entered the war ( p. 131 ) .
In spite of Woodrow Wilson 's stated opposition to conscription , he moved forward with a draft law that had been sent to Congress " the day before the declaration of war " ( Higgs 1987:131 ) .
Conscription carries with it the abrogation of all that is free about a free society .
Ramped - up patriotic rhetoric attempted to convince the public that the draft was legitimate , and the government persecuted participants in anticonscription movements ( Higgs 1987:133 ) .
The government drafted over 2.8 million men during 1917 and 1918 , and Higgs speculates that many volunteers joined because they would have assigned to worse duty had they been drafted ( Higgs 1987:134 ) .
Predictably , the draft was subject to political gamesmanship , corruption , and favoritism among local draft boards ( Higgs 1987:133–34 ) .
In his classic Economics in One Lesson , Henry Hazlitt defined " the art of economics " as the process of tracing out the consequences of any action or policy on all groups rather than on the groups the policy is intended to help .
To protest that an empirical regularity , like corruption in government action , is unintended is not to excuse the policy in any meaningful way .
Indeed , if a " well - intentioned " policy produces predictable responses in incentives , this strengthens the argument against the policy .
Individuals ' reluctance to volunteer suggests that service to the alleged moral rightness of the cause is not a sufficient compensating differential to those who are called to risk life and limb .
Higgs describes this eloquently :
The President and Congress were more eager to send men to war than men were to be sent , given the existing terms of service .
Evidently no one in the government ever considered whether the desired number of volunteers could be obtained by making the deal sufficiently sweet .
( Higgs 1987:131 )
The debate occurred again before the beginning of World War II when " there was a tremendous political struggle over conscription " where " ( a ) lmost no one took seriously the possibility of raising troops by offering recruits sufficient pay and perquisites " ( Higgs 1987:200 ) .
This would expose the costs of the war and likely provide a political check .
Conscription , inflation , and price controls are more subtle and can create the perception of a shared burden .
The costs of war are understated by conscription because conscription of men naturally leads to conscription of property ( Higgs 1987:203–204 ) .
The Selective Service Act of 1948 instituted a draft during peacetime , which Higgs called " an inefficient tax laid on the labor services and lives of certain unfortunate young men , by no means randomly selected " ( Higgs 1987:228-29 ) .
Our experience with conscription in the 20th century teaches us valuable lessons about the desirability — or lack thereof — of conscription in the 21st century .
Conscription was an unjust , capricious , and immoral disaster then .
We do n't have any reason to think things will be different now .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 11/5/2009 ( 4159 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
WINNIPEG - A baby rodent is not what one might expect to find in one 's chicken mushroom stir-fry .
But that 's what a Winnipeg couple says they found after they dug into their lunch from a Sizzling Wok outlet at a food court on the weekend .
The discovery is even making health inspectors queasy .
" I 'm shocked and dismayed , " Mike LeBlanc , manager of public health inspection programs , said Monday .
" This obviously is a very disturbing finding .
It does not at all meet the threshold of what we even consider acceptable food practices . "
Sizzling
Wok has voluntarily closed the outlet for now .
Officials with the St. Vital Centre shopping mall said they contacted the city health department and stressed the restaurant will not reopen until it is cleared by health inspectors .
" We are looking into the matter as you can understand , " mall spokeswoman Cheryl Mazur said .
" As soon as we were aware of the situation we had a huge concern . "
LeBlanc said tests have yet to determine the exact nature of the mystery meat .
" Just by looking at this , I can't determine whether or not it 's a mouse , a baby mouse or a baby rat but it is obviously a baby rodent of some sort , " LeBlanc said .
Investigators also are n't sure where the wee rodent came from -- whether it was the restaurant itself or a supplier .
-- The Canadian Press
Right off the bat , let me admit the following : I am by no means a Kool - Aid connoisseur .
In fact , to be perfectly honest , having grown up on the stuff …
I do n’t even really like it all that much .
I know , I know … and I ’m sorry .
So , as such , I will not be giving an all - out run down of each flavor , instead , it ’s a look into a bit of exhaustive research locating these fifteen of the finest Kool - Aid mixes that have either faded into non-existence , or else are just extremely difficult to locate .
So , to all of you Kool - Aid lovers out there , this one is for you !
Drink up !
15 . Bedrock Orange
I can safely say I have never had this flavor .
But , if I can assume by the packet , it ’s orange hocked by Fred Flintstone .
Is it me or does Fred look like he ’s just about to go crazy guzzling down that pitcher ?
Would that leave Kool - Aid Man lifeless and empty ?
Yes … yes it would .
14 . Incrediberry
Now I know I ’ve had this .
Strawberry , Raspberry , and Cherry are the three biggest ‘ red trinity ’ flavors that Kool - Aid offers and all other combinations seem to branch from them .
This flavor pairs up two of them with no other bells and whistles .
If you like red , this is probably your flavor .
That ‘ Juice Monster ’ kinda scares me little , too , especially if he ‘ changes color in water ’ .
13 . Candy Apple
If it were n’t for the eye - catching ‘ imitation flavor ’ insignia , I ’d have assumed this to be apple and caramel … but now I ’m not so sure .
I ’m pretty positive I probably had this as a kid , what with my grandmother and mom stocking their collective pantries with the elixir , but I sadly do n’t recall .
12 . Root Beer
If this tasted anything like those little root beer barrel candies , I think I ’m going to have to pass .
There ’s just something about that fake , almost plastic pseudo - root beer flavoring that makes me want to shout at my shoes .
11 . Solar Strawberry Starfruit
This marks one of two different ‘ Blast * Offs ’ I discovered and I have to say , I am intrigued by the star fruit .
You just do n’t see that weird little guy in many drink mixes like this .
Sure , it ’s in a lot of the more up - scale beverages in the seven - dollar glass jugs , but it just surprises me that Kool - Aid had the wherewithal to include it in a powdered , artificially - flavored , drink mix .
Oh , wait , that ’s the ticket right there …
10 . Blue Moon Berry
See what I mean about one of the big ‘ Three Reds ’ leading the pack ?
And look , another of the trinity is in there , too !
And check out the third flavor back there : blueberry .
Hmm … it ’s not that I have anything against the blueberry personally , it ’s just that it does n’t remind me of a fruit that could lend its subtle flavor to a Kool - Aid with two powerhouse ‘ Red ’ flavors up front .
Maybe I ’m reading too much into this .
9. Golden Nectar
Sweet Mother Mary , I have no idea what this flavor is , but I want it !
Anything with the word ‘ nectar ’ in it makes me salivate !
It could say Pork Nectar and feature a suckling pig on the packet and I ’d still want to try it .
Even the color - especially since I ’m color blind - looks enticing !
Man , someone find me some of this !
8. Great Bluedini
Man , can you imagine a magician that also happens to be an octopus ?
He ’d mess you up with sleight of hands !
HA !
Anyway , this flavor is a punch style , so it ’s a blend , and it ’s also one of the Kool - Aid Man ’s ‘ friend ’ packs .
They were really popular in the 90’s but have since disappeared from many store ’s shelves .
7. Rock - A- Dile Red
According to the Rock - A - Dile ’s sax , this was a Strawberry / Cherry / Blueberry punch … and it was good .
I remember loving this flavor when I was a bit younger mostly because it reminded me of actual punch .
Also because we used it to make Jungle Juice - um , as an adult , not a youth , that ’d be illegal .
Inquire within .
6. Scary Black Cherry
One of Kool - Aid Man ’s holiday - themed flavors in the innocuous ‘ Black Cherry ’ .
Nothing to vague about that , I ’d say , and I ’d also say that I have very much enjoyed this flavor in the past .
I love black cherry with all its tartness and less overpowering sweetness .
This was a favorite of mine .
5. Apple
Apple Kool - Aid .
I had to put this so high on the list because it ’s so low on my desired flavors collection .
I mean , goodness , Apple ?
I can almost feel its cloying , sickeningly - sweet apple juiciness flooding my poor mouth .
I would n’t drink this much in the same way I would n’t drink Apple Juice .
Yucky .
4. Oh Yeah Orange - Pineapple
A representative from the varied supply of ‘ Island Twists ’ flavors and one I happen to remember fondly .
Orange and Pineapple combined is one of nature ’s great pairings and I would drink this even now … maybe with a shot of rum for that Island -y thing there .
Oh wait , I hate rum .
Oh well , in another life maybe .
3. Sharkleberry Fin
Look at the shades on the sweet shark !
I think , just as this anthropomorphic pitcher is illustrating , I ’d like to leap in the ocean and ride a shark !
Let ’s go !
Also , I have no idea what flavor this really was since my rememberer is in the shop .
It offers no clues on the package other than ‘ It ’s Pink ’ and ‘ Punch ’ , so that could really be anything .
This flavor has actually been brought back recently , so you might be able to find it .
2. Purplesaurus Rex
Proudly held aloft as one of Kool - Aid fan ’s favorite flavors , comes the PurpleSaurus Rex !
And , just as it clearly announced on the top , it ’s a Grape Lemonade , and to me , sorry , but that sounds wretched .
I think it ’s because I ’m no fan of fake grape flavored anything , yet , such as it is , I thoroughly enjoy grape juice .
I do n’t know , I guess my physiology is all wacky .
Anyway , the only good reason behind the number two placement of this one is that number one is held by one of the most difficult to find flavors of all time …
1. Arctic Green Apple
Apparently , it tingles in your mouth .
Yum .
This is one of those flavors that is n’t so much old as it is rare .
Evidently the production was cut shorter than most and , though I understand a few places still offer it , it is rather tough to get a hold of .
They made a few of the ‘ Ice Cool ’ flavors and I guess this one just was n’t as popular at the time , I really do n’t know for sure .
I do know it ’s sour apple and I would so drink that … probably .
And look , it turns color !
Now that IS fun !
More people are living alone or with their parents
Almost a third of men and a fifth of women aged between 20 and 34 live at home with their parents , according to the Office for National Statistics .
The statisticians ' annual survey on the state of the nation also found more people were living alone in the UK , up from 6 % in 1971 to 12 % in 2008 .
The figures also suggest marriage is becoming increasingly unpopular .
In 2006 , there were 237,000 marriages in England and Wales , the lowest number since 1895 .
Buying property
The Social Trends survey suggests people are getting married later in life and women are delaying motherhood , while grandparents are likely to be helping out with child care .
NATIONAL STATISTICS REPORT
Read the full report here [ 2.9MB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
Are our finances allowing us to be alone ?
Read your comments
In the second quarter of 2008 , 1.8 million young men and 1.1 million young women were still living with their parents , an overall increase of about 300,000 since 2001 .
The Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) suggests this may be down to high property prices , unemployment and people choosing to continue their studies .
The average age to wed for the first time in the UK was nearly 30 for women in 2006 and about 32 for men .
This is about two years later in life than a decade earlier .
The average age of women in England and Wales having their first baby was 27.5 in 2007 compared with just under 24 in 1971 .
One trend that has been bucked is home ownership , according to the survey .
In figures : How the UK is changing Over the quarter of a century up until 2006 , the number of homeowners in the UK rose by 49 % to 18.5 million .
However , between 2006 and 2007 , the number of homeowners fell by 1 % .
Obese children
The report also paints a picture of how social trends are affecting the next generation .
In England , 31 % of households with dependent children are living in housing without adequate heating or facilities .
And in 2007 , almost a third of all two - to 15 - year - olds in England were said to be overweight or obese .
This comes despite more children taking part in sport at school .
The report also outlined the nation 's relationship with new technology , how people like to spend their free time and their travelling habits : • Around half ( 49 % ) of all eight to 17 - year - olds with internet access have a profile on a social networking site • Ownership of a home computer has risen from 29 % in 1998 to 70 % in 2007 • Web use is higher among men than women but , overall , 34 % listen to the radio or watch TV on the web and 12 % use file - sharing sites •
Less than half ( 44 % ) of people in the UK read a national daily newspaper in 2008 compared with 72 % in 1978 • Watching television remains the most popular pastime - named by more than 80 % of men and women as their favourite way of spending their free time • More British residents are making trips to eastern Europe .
For example , about 50,000 visits were made to Latvia in 2007 , compared to 4,000 four years earlier • Spain accounted for 27 % of the overseas trips made in 2007 • Package holidays made up more than half ( 52 % ) of all overseas holidays in 2002 , but this figure fell to 41 % in 2007 • People in Britain travelled 508 billion miles by road , rail and air in 2007 , almost double the figure in 1971
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nahomie ’s story helps explain the enigma .
She tried injectables , but she says they caused excess bleeding that frightened her .
The clinic had little counseling to explain and reassure her , so she stopped after nine months .
A sexually transmitted infection at the time meant that she could n’t use an IUD just then , and a doctor told her that the pill would be inappropriate because she has vascular problems .
Reluctant to return to a clinic that seemed scornful of poor women , she drifted along with nothing .
A couple of babies later , her first husband left her , and her next husband wanted to have children with her , so she acquiesced .
A few children later , she began to push back , but in Haiti ’s social structure she felt she had to accede to her husband ’s whims .
“ I asked to use condoms , ” Nahomie said , “ but he refused . ”
Last fall , shortly after she became pregnant with her 10th child , her husband ran off .
A book published a few years ago , “ Reproducing Inequities , ” notes that we are , painstakingly , learning what does work .
The effective strategies go beyond the contraceptive devices themselves to include better counseling , more dignity for women in clinics , a greater choice of methods that are completely free  and a broad effort to raise the status of women .
The best way to elevate women , by far , is to educate girls and to give them opportunities to earn income through micro-loans , factory jobs or vocational training .
It is sometimes said that the best contraceptive is n’t the pill or the IUD , but education for girls .
( A side note : Whenever I write about efforts to save children from malaria or diarrhea , I get cynical letters from neo-Malthusians who argue that saving children ’s lives is pointless until birthrates drop .
That ’s incorrect .
There ’s abundant evidence that when parents are confident that their children will live , they will have fewer and invest more in each of them . )
In any case , the mounting academic evidence underscores what is intuitively obvious in Haiti : unless family planning is more successful in poor countries , they wo n’t be able to overcome poverty .
“ There ’s no other way , ” says Tania Patriota , the representative of the United Nations Population Fund in Haiti .
“ It ’s indispensable . ”
President Obama has already lifted the ban on aid for the Population Fund , and we now have an opportunity to lead a global effort to regain lost momentum for family planning .
And while Nahomie ’s story shows that this wo n’t be easy , it also underscores that there ’s simply no alternative .
Evolution is a pretty interesting thing .
Driven by natural selection organisms that are best adapted to their environment thrive while others die off .
It is an elegant , albeit brutal process .
Nature does n’t care if some particular plant has the cure for AIDS , if that plant ca n’t adapt to a new ( global warming induced ) climate it will die out .
This is just as true for people as it is for plants .
Natural selection does n’t care if the climate changes because of a volcano eruption , or the burning of fossil fuels .
The rules are the same , those that adapt live , those that do n’t bye bye .
The climate of this planet has changed many times over the eons .
Sometimes because of the shifting of landmass ’ sometimes because of certain creatures ( early oxygen producing bacteria created an environment more conducive to oxygen breathing life ) .
In fact our biological history is rife with examples of certain living things on the planet changing the entire ecosystem of the planet .
During the carboniferous period , there were so many swampy plants pumping out so much oxygen that eventually the atmosphere became one big excuse for a firestorm , the high oxygen content of the air also allowed for amazing super sized insects ( insects breath through there skin , meaning that they can only get so big before the oxygen ca n’t make it all the way to the center , more oxygen = bigger bugs ) .
It was during this period that a lot of the coal and oil that we burn today started it ’s life as rotting plant matter .
We are now unlocking millions of years of stored carbon , and pumping it back into the atmosphere .
We are also flushing billions of gallons of nutrient rich water ( nitrogen , phosphorus , sewage , fertilizer from farms , factory waste ) into the oceans .
This is literally changing the chemical makeup up the planets atmosphere and oceans .
Carbon interacts with sea water to produce a weak acid .
These changes have been changing the very climate of the oceans , making it harder for creatures that have adapted to a less acidic and less nutrient filled oceans to survive .
Things that used to rule the world , horrible things , have returned , and they do n’t like us .
The fireweed began each spring as tufts of hairy growth and spread across the seafloor fast enough to cover a football field in an hour .
When fishermen touched it , their skin broke out in searing welts .
Their lips blistered and peeled .
Their eyes burned and swelled shut .
Water that splashed from their nets spread the inflammation to their legs and torsos .
“ It comes up like little boils , ” said Randolph Van Dyk , a fisherman whose powerful legs are pocked with scars .
“ At nighttime , you can feel them burning .
I tried everything to get rid of them .
Nothing worked . ”
As the weed blanketed miles of the bay over the last decade , it stained fishing nets a dark purple and left them coated with a powdery residue .
When fishermen tried to shake it off the webbing , their throats constricted and they gasped for air .
After one man bit a fishing line in two , his mouth and tongue swelled so badly that he could n’t eat solid food for a week .
Others made an even more painful mistake , neglecting to wash the residue from their hands before relieving themselves over the sides of their boats .
For a time , embarrassment kept them from talking publicly about their condition .
When they finally did speak up , authorities dismissed their complaints â€ ” until a bucket of the hairy weed made it to the University of Queensland ’s marine botany lab .
Samples placed in a drying oven gave off fumes so strong that professors and students ran out of the building and into the street , choking and coughing .
Scientist Judith O’Neil put a tiny sample under a microscope and peered at the long black filaments .
Consulting a botanical reference , she identified the weed as a strain of cyanobacteria , an ancestor of modern - day bacteria and algae that flourished 2.7 billion years ago .
O’Neil , a biological oceanographer , was familiar with these ancient life forms , but had never seen this particular kind before .
What was it doing in Moreton Bay ?
Why was it so toxic ?
Why was it growing so fast ? ( via )
Thats right , we have changed the chemical makeup of the oceans so much that it is now a pleasant breeding ground for ancient bacteria that are adapted to an earlier time .
The unfortunate thing is this particular bacteria happens to have a very very bad attitude .
The venomous weed , known to scientists as Lyngbya majuscula , has appeared in at least a dozen other places around the globe .
It is one of many symptoms of a virulent pox on the world ’s oceans .
In many places â€ ” the atolls of the Pacific , the shrimp beds of the Eastern Seaboard , the fiords of Norway â€ ” some of the most advanced forms of ocean life are struggling to survive while the most primitive are thriving and spreading .
Fish , corals and marine mammals are dying while algae , bacteria and jellyfish are growing unchecked .
Where this pattern is most pronounced , scientists evoke a scenario of evolution running in reverse , returning to the primeval seas of hundreds of millions of years ago .
Jeremy B.C. Jackson , a marine ecologist and paleontologist at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in La Jolla , says we are witnessing “ the rise of slime . ”
This is kind of a problem as a large part of the world harvests it ’s primary source of protein from the sea .
And in case you were wondering this problem is not restricted to one part of the world .
The consequences are evident worldwide .
Off the coast of Sweden each summer , blooms of cyanobacteria turn the Baltic Sea into a stinking , yellow - brown slush that locals call “ rhubarb soup . ”
Dead fish bob in the surf .
If people get too close , their eyes burn and they have trouble breathing .
On the southern coast of Maui in the Hawaiian Islands , high tide leaves piles of green - brown algae that smell so foul condominium owners have hired a tractor driver to scrape them off the beach every morning .
On Florida ’s Gulf Coast , residents complain that harmful algae blooms have become bigger , more frequent and longer - lasting .
Toxins from these red tides have killed hundreds of sea mammals and caused emergency rooms to fill up with coastal residents suffering respiratory distress .
North of Venice , Italy , a sticky mixture of algae and bacteria collects on the Adriatic Sea in spring and summer .
This white mucus washes ashore , fouling beaches , or congeals into submerged blobs , some bigger than a person .
Along the Spanish coast , jellyfish swarm so thick that nets are strung to protect swimmers from their sting .
Speaking of jellyfish , they are uniquely adapted to a global warming world .
They thrive on the nutrient rich runoff from factories , farms , and human sewage from giant cities .
They also do n’t seem to be bothered by the higher acid content from co2 in the air .
One particularly nasty species is the Box Jellyfish .
It is so loaded with toxins that it can kill a full grown man in seconds .
Not only that but if you fuck with them too much they go into a breeding frenzy which causes millions of replacements to plague you .
Ever see the movie aliens , well shudder in fear for nature has wrought something worse , the Box Jellyfish .
Not only that but they seem to be replacing more complicated organisms in the ocean with a speed that scares everyone who knows about it .
Japanese salmon fishermen will often haul in nets full of Box Jellyfish instead of salmon .
Scientists managed to place tracking devices on the massive things and found that they do n’t just drift about , they are moving with a deliberate pace , at the speed of an Olympic swimmer towards Japan .
Surfs up dude .
An attempt by the Japanese government to protect their fish stocks by wiping out the swarms using a fleet of commandeered fishing boats to drag razor - sharp wire through them backfired spectacularly .
Scientists discovered captured big female box jellyfish were swollen with millions of eggs – far more than they would normally carry .
Similarly males were carrying billions of sperm .
Trying to kill them had unleashed a breeding explosion because they are genetically programmed to ensure their survival by producing more offspring than normal when under attack . ( via )
The jellyfish have a formidable array of genetic equipment to help them survive :
A highly complex sensory capacity and the ability to distinguish color .
The ability to live in inhospitable waters at a depth of up to 10,900 meters .
A total of 24 eyes with movable pupils giving them 360 - degree visibility .
Box jellyfish have 6 - 8ft long tentacles .
Just 5 - 6 ft across the body is enough to kill a human in 180 seconds .
Venom is released on contact – even after it is dead – and each creature has 4000,000,000 venomous fibers .
Humans who have been stung and survived have needed 30 - 40 milligrams of morphine .
A broken leg requires between 5 - 10 milligrams .
Despite decades of study scientists have been unable to unravel the mysteries of its complex venom but it is known to contain 20 different proteins .
Mother nature is clearly nothing to fuck with .
Natural selection is a brutal unforgiving process , things like the Box Jellyfish and the Fireweed cynobacteria are survivors .
They have adapted to be the meanest nastiest things on the block .
They do n’t care if you need to fish to feed your family , and the certainly do n’t care if you want to go swimming .
Considering the billions of people world wide who make their livelihood from the sea , it might be a good time to take note of the things we are flushing into the worlds oceans , and pumping into the worlds air .
There will come a time when even human beings amazing adaptive nature will be taxed by changes in the environment .
Natural selection works on us as well , when faced with a rapidly changing climate we have two choices , adapt or die .
Lucky for us , nature has provided us with the ability to plan , that big brain in our heads ( the human brain to size ratio is one of the largest in nature ) allows us to predict dangers before we encounter them .
If we stop our harmful dumping and toxic gas emissions now we wont have to live in a world where Fireweed and Box Jellyfish rule .
Much more here Warning this link leads to some profoundly depressing information .
I would go out and do a couple good deeds before viewing it .
We write about products and services that we use .
This page may contain affiliate links for which we receive a commission .
Earth Hour 2009 went off amazingly all over the world !
The Fun Times Guide to Living Green was on the street and at a VIP party in Nashville , TN — 1 of the 8 flagship U.S. cities — catching folks both before the flip of the switch and also in the darkness of Earth Hour to find out what they thought about Earth Hour .
… oh , and we were also able to catch up with Nashville Mayor , Karl Dean !
Check it out !
Check out the interviews before the flip of the switch and also in the darkness after the jump …
Through his “ green ribbon ” program , Mayor Dean has done more to advance green living in Nashville than very possibly any other Nashville mayor , so we were especially glad to catch up with him .
Some of the interview answers in the following 2 videos are crazy , some are serious , but they are ALL , without a doubt , TONS OF FUN !
Apologies for the minor sound issues during some interviews , the wind was gusting to 40 mph into our mic… which was a wireless lapel mic rolled up in a magazine ( that we recycled afterwards ) .
How cool is that ?
Interviews BEFORE the Flip of the Switch :
Interviews in the Dark , AFTER the Flip of the Switch :
A Little About One of the Interviewees :
In the first video , before the flip of the switch for Earth Hour , the man introduced as “ Skip ” was in fact Skip Lawrence of Lawrence Bros , LLC .
Lawrence Bros , LLC is an award - winning , certified green home builder in Nashville , TN .
As I learned right after my interview with Skip , Lawrence Bros , LLC is also on the aforementioned Mayor ’s Green Ribbon Committee in Nashville !
I did n’t know Skip at all before the interview , but I ’m glad to make another new green friend helping to change the face of one our country ’s cities and help it ’s citizens have FUN living green .
Here ’s what Nashville ’s skyline looked like after the flip of the switch ( courtesy of Nashvillest ) :
What do you think of the people in Nashville ’s reactions to Earth Hour ?
Keep in mind that , short of a brief request of their willingness to do a quick interview , they were totally on the spot .
What was the reaction to and participation in Earth Hour like where you live ?
Special
Thanks to :
McKneely , Piggot , and Fox PR firm for busting their tails for many months to garner support for and participation in Nashville ’s Earth Hour AND for putting on the VIP party
My friends Rick and Heather who helped me find people to interview , doing an awesome job shooting the videos , and for providing all of the A/V equipment .
You guys rock !
This has to be the craziest PC we have seen here at geeky gadgets , built by the guys at Puget Systems in cost a massive $ 16,000 to build .
So what exactly does spending $ 16,000 on a custom PC get you ?
This crazy PC features four quad core Opteron processors , 32GB of RAM and eight hard drives in various RAID configurations .
As you can see from the photos , the $ 16,000 PC features a custom water cooling system , with a massive external radiator which features nine 120 mm fans .
The massive external fans run at 5V which means they are almost silent , but they manage to keep the processors running at 45 degrees C under full load and at 36 degrees C at idle .
The $ 16,000 PC features two VelociRaptor hard drives in RAID 1 and six 1TB hard drives in Raid 5 , that is a serious amount of hardware in one single PC .
Toms Hardware via Slash Gear
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Samsung Electronics will start mass - producing PRAM ( Phase change RAM ) in June , in an effort to in order to maintain its leadership in the memory market .
PRAM , known as perfect RAM , is the next generation memory chip which features the advantages of NAND and NOR flash memories .
The S. Korean company , unveiled its plans to relase samples of 512MB PRAM chips and begin the mass production in its 200 mm manufacturing line in June .
Phase - change Random Access Memory ( PRAM ) uses a material that turns crystalline when heated .
The clrystalline bits represent the logical " 1 " in the binary system of computers , while amorphous areas ( bits ) represent logical " 0 "
PRAM is also more scalable than any other memory architecture being researched and features the fast processing speed of RAM for its operating functions combined with the non-volatile features of flash memory for storage .
A key advantage in PRAM is its extremely fast performance .
Because PRAM can rewrite data without having to first erase data previously accumulated , it is effectively 30 - times faster than conventional flash memory .
PRAM is also expected to have at least 10 - times the life span of flash memory .
PRAM is expected to be a highly competitive choice over NOR flash , since it requires fewer process steps to produce than those used in the manufacturing of NOR flash memory .
Adoption of PRAM is expected to be especially popular in the future designs of multi-function handsets and for other mobile applications , where faster speeds translate into immediately noticeable boosts in performance .
Samsung introduced pilot products of 256MB PRAM for the first time in the world in 2005 .
From its very infancy , our government has made a vital part of its existence the theft of property that belongs to others and the demonization of those who would resist , or those who see the state for what it really is .
From the American Indian to the veterans who have fought the state ’s illegal wars , resistance to , or speaking out against the criminality of the state will bring down the full force of the state ’s wrath , up to and including elimination .
Henry Clay , whose protégé was Abraham Lincoln , said of the American Indian , ” The Indians ’ disappearance from the human family will be no great loss to the world .
I do not think them , as a race , worth preserving . ”
Clay saw the Indian as an impediment to the desires of the state : acquisition of the lands possessed by the American Indian .
Clay ’s beliefs and political goals led to the forced relocation of Cherokees from the mountains of Tennessee , North Carolina , and Georgia to Oklahoma during the winter of 1838 .
Over 20,000
Cherokees were dragged from their homes , which were then plundered and burned .
They were force marched , most of them barefooted , to Oklahoma during the dead of winter .
Over 4,000 Cherokees died on this march .
To the Cherokees it became known as the “ Trail of Tears . ”
Abraham Lincoln would instigate , promote , and conduct a war that would consume the lives of more than 600,000 Americans .
The purpose of the war was not to abolish slavery , as is claimed by idolaters of the state , but to secure the property of citizens of the South , a confiscatory seizure of their monies known as the Morrill Tariff .
Lincoln would reveal his intention to invade the South to secure these monies and his lack of concern for slavery in his First Inaugural Address .
To accomplish this seizure of assets , the citizens of the South would have to be demonized ; war criminal General William Tecumseh Sherman and his wife proved most adept at this : “ Extermination , not of soldiers alone , that is the least part of the trouble , but the [ Southern ] people . ”
His wife Ellen wrote back that her fondest wish was for a war “ of extermination and that all [ Southerners ] would be driven like the Swine into the sea . ”
Professor Tom DiLorenzo superbly documents the Sherman family ’s demonization of both Southerners and Indians here .
Another Lincoln war criminal , General John Pope , said of the Santee Sioux immediately before his campaign against them , “ It is my purpose to utterly exterminate the Sioux .
They are to be treated as maniacs or wild beasts , and by no means as people with whom treaties or compromise can be made . ”
Ironically , Lincoln ordered Pope to subdue the Santee Sioux when they revolted in 1862 .
The revolt occurred when the government refused to pay the Sioux monies promised for the sale of millions of acres of their land .
General Pope once proclaimed that his " headquarters would always be in the saddle , " to which Stonewall Jackson , responded , " His headquarters are where his hindquarters ought to be . "
This could certainly be said of the leadership of all government projects .
After the Sioux were subdued , trials of 303 captured males were immediately held .
The trials of each lasted approximately 10 minutes and all were found guilty and sentenced to be hanged .
In December of 1862 , 38 Santee Sioux were hanged on the orders of President Abraham Lincoln , elsewhere known as the " Great Emancipator . "
This was the largest mass hanging in American History .
The remaining Sioux were expelled from Minnesota .
The Santee Sioux learned a brutal lesson about standing in the way of the state in its conquests of property that belongs to others , and believing the state to be honorable in its promises .
Repeatedly , throughout our history , the state has demonized , most often using its lapdogs in the media , those it intended to war against .
From Red Savages ; to Rebels ; to Krauts ; to Japs ; to Slopes ; to Dinks ; to Towel Heads , a concentrated effort was introduced to dehumanize the state ’s real or concocted opponents .
The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , The Missouri Militia Report and Virginia ’s Homegrown Terrorism Report have unleashed an attack designed to demonize and dehumanize opponents of tyranny .
The unclassified lists of those viewed as potential threats and terrorists includes opponents of abortion , groups opposed to illegal immigration , third - party political supporters , supporters of the Second Amendment , those stockpiling food , water , and ammunition , constitutionalists , veterans , critics of the United Nations and One World Government , and anyone fitting the " Right - Wing Extremist " profile .
Conspicuous in its absence in DHS ’s report is any mention of Maoists , Marxists , Leninists , Stalinists , Trotskyites , or National Socialists as a terror threat .
In short , our government exhibits no fear of socialism / fascism .
It only fears those who would hold it accountable to the Constitution and rule of law .
What we know from the Department of Homeland Security and its Fusion Centers , now located in at least 25 states , concerning whom the state views as its enemies , is alarming indeed .
What should be of even greater concern is what we do n’t know that is contained in the classified section of their reports to LE agencies around the country .
Information is classified to keep information from the enemy ; why is the American public not allowed to see who else this government considers to be its enemy and how it intends to deal with the problem ?
It is time to pay attention .
We have been named as the state ’s enemy .
There undoubtedly is a plan in the works to deal with us .
Are members of the mentioned groups already targeted for action ?
I have recently received information from California that some cities there have declared any member of a motorcycle club to be a gang member .
What is the origin of this determination ?
I can assure you one of the strategies that will be employed by the state is " divide and conquer . "
It is absolutely imperative we unite on this issue .
Note the words of Pastor Martin Niemller are relevant today :
In Germany they first came for the Communists , and I did n’t speak up because I was n’t a Communist .
Then they came for the Jews , and I did n’t speak up because I was n’t a Jew .
Then they came for the trade unionists , and I did n’t speak up because I was n’t a trade unionist .
Then they came for the Catholics , and I did n’t speak up because I was a Protestant .
Then they came for me — and by that time no one was left to speak up .
Kit , a dear friend and true Patriot , said to me recently , " We are going to be forced to bunch up if we are to survive . "
This is sage advice .
The economic wheels are about to run off the wagon called the state .
Civil unrest and chaos will ensue .
Patriots and Constitutionalists have been deemed the enemy .
Those who fail to plan , plan to fail .
The Best of Michael Gaddy
Earlier this week , the Boston Globe published an article calling out Mayor Tom Menino to be more vocal about the MBTA and urging his to use some of his political power to push the MBTA to make changes .
The mayor has little direct control over the situation , but few political leaders in the state have higher visibility , or as much access to the state ’s political players .
I tweeted out a link to the article and directed it to Mayor Tom Meninono ’s twitter account , @mayortommenino .
Though the mayor does n’t seem to have responded to the Globe or my tweet , I did see that mayoral candidate Sam Yoon was making public statements about the T situation on his twitter account , @samyoonformayor .
In particular , I saw him responding to another tweeter , @skowboarder , with this message :
late nite T ridership would have to offset cost – but worth studying – T could use more $ and Boston could use more night life
A major gripe about the MBTA is that trains stop running around 12:30 / 12:45 .
It ’s way too early , especially considering that many bars in Boston do n’t close until 2:00 AM .
So , what if the MBTA offered a last call train , which would leave Park Street ( for the red line and green lines ) and Downtown Crossing ( for the orange line ) and Government Center / State Street ( for the blue line ) at 2:00 AM , right when Boston bars close for the night .
Train service could stop earlier , say at midnight , allowing two hours for the MBTA crew to perform maintenance , and then re-open for one last set of trains at 2:00 AM .
Train service would then shut down again until 5:30 AM allowing the T to perform more maintenance on the tracks .
You may remember that the T used to have night owl service that ran until 2:30 AM .
Buses would travel along the major subway lines up until 2:30 AM , but the T shut it down due to low use and high cost .
If the MBTA ran these last call trains , would you be willing to fork over 2 - 3 times the regular fare ?
I know I would .
The regular fare for a T pass runs between $ 1.70 to $ 2.00 , depending on if you use a Charlie Card .
I would more than happily pay $ 6.00 for a late night train from Park Street to JFK / Umass , since I ’d pay more than twice that amount for a cab ride home .
A train ride usually takes 15 - 20 minutes , about as long as it takes to flag and ride in a cab .
The T could also void the monthly pass for these last call trains , so even if you have a monthly pass you ’d have to fork over $ 4 - $ 6 for a train home at 2 AM .
It ’s still much cheaper than a cab , especially if you ’re only riding with one other person .
A late night train or bus service would allow bar patrons and employees a safe way to get home and with an increased fare could potentially bring in additional revenues for the flailing MBTA .
The increased fare would likely not meet much resistance since it would be for a service the MBTA does not currently provide .
The real question is how many people would ride the late night trains .
The last time the MBTA tried late night bus service it was stopped due to high costs and low usage , but in this economy many more people are using public transportation .
It ’s at least worth a look and might increase business for Boston bars and other nightlife venues .
Would there be enough people riding the last call train to make it worth it for the MBTA ?
Would you use a late night MBTA service this time around ?
Thanks to B
Tal for the T sign photo .
The Arabic media is ablaze with the news that Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , the emir of an Afghan training camp — whose claim that Saddam Hussein had been involved in training al - Qaeda operatives in the use of chemical and biological weapons was used to justify the invasion of Iraq — has died in a Libyan jail .
So far , however , the only English language report is on the Algerian website Ennahar Online , which reported that the Libyan newspaper Oea stated that al - Libi ( aka Ali Abdul Hamid al - Fakheri ) “ was found dead of suicide in his cell , ” and noted that the newspaper had reported the story “ without specifying the date or method of suicide . ”
This news resolves , in the grimmest way possible , questions that have long been asked about the whereabouts of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , perhaps the most famous of “ America ’s Disappeared ” — prisoners seized in the “ War on Terror , ” who were rendered not to Guantánamo but to secret prisons run by the CIA or to the custody of governments in third countries — often their own — where , it was presumed , they would never be seen or heard from again .
The emir of the Khaldan training camp in Afghanistan , al - Libi was one of hundreds of prisoners seized by Pakistani forces in December 2001 , crossing from Afghanistan into Pakistan .
Most of these men ended up in Guantánamo after being handed over ( or sold ) to US forces by their Pakistani allies , but al - Libi was , notoriously , rendered to Egypt by the CIA to be tortured on behalf of the US government .
In Egypt , he came up with the false allegation about connections between al - Qaeda and Saddam Hussein that was used by President Bush in a speech in Cincinnati on October 7 , 2002 , just days before Congress voted on a resolution authorizing the President to go to war against Iraq , in which , referring to the supposed threat posed by Saddam Hussein ’s regime , Bush said , “ We ’ve learned that Iraq has trained al - Qaeda members in bomb making and poisons and deadly gases . ”
Four months later , on February 5 , 2003 , Secretary of State Colin Powell made the same claim in his notorious speech to the UN Security Council , in an attempt to drum up support for the invasion .
“ I can trace the story of a senior terrorist operative telling how Iraq provided training in these [ chemical and biological ] weapons to al - Qaeda , ” Powell said , adding , “ Fortunately , this operative is now detained , and he has told his story . ”
As a Newsweek report in 2007 explained , Powell did not identify al - Libi by name , but CIA officials — and a Senate Intelligence Committee report — later confirmed that he was referring to al - Libi .
Al - Libi recanted his story in February 2004 , when he was returned to the CIA ’s custody , and explained , as Newsweek described it , that he told his debriefers that “ he initially told his interrogators that he ‘ knew nothing ’ about ties between Baghdad and Osama bin Laden and he ‘ had difficulty even coming up with a story ’ about a relationship between the two . ”
The Newsweek report explained that “ his answers displeased his interrogators — who then apparently subjected him to the mock burial .
As al - Libi recounted , he was stuffed into a box less than 20 inches high .
When the box was opened 17 hours later , al - Libi said he was given one final opportunity to ‘ tell the truth . ’
He was knocked to the floor and ‘ punched for 15 minutes . ’
It was only then that , al - Libi said , he made up the story about Iraqi weapons training . ”
As I explained in a recent article , Even In Cheney ’s Bleak World , The Al - Qaeda - Iraq Torture Story Is A New Low , drawing on reports in the New York Times and by Jane Mayer in the New Yorker , the use of al - Libi to extract a false confession that was used to justify the invasion of Iraq was particularly shocking , because a Defense Intelligence Agency report had concluded in February 2002 that al - Libi was lying , and Dan Coleman of the FBI ( which had been pulled off al - Libi ’s case when the CIA — and the administration — decided to render him to torture in Egypt ) had no doubt that the emir of an Afghan training camp would know nothing about Iraq .
“ It was ridiculous for interrogators to think Libi would have known anything about Iraq , ” Coleman told Jane Mayer .
“ I could have told them that .
He ran a training camp .
He would n’t have had anything to do with Iraq . ”
There have long been suspicions that , after the CIA had finished exploiting al - Libi , he was sent back to Libya , but although Ennahar Online claimed that he “ was sentenced to life imprisonment ” in Libya , and that a representative of Human Rights Watch had recently met him in prison ( which I have not yet had time to investigate , but find highly unlikely ) , the most detailed story about what happened to him , and why he was not sent to Guantánamo with 14 other “ high - value detainees ” in September 2006 , was provided to Newsweek by Noman Benotman , an exiled Libyan opposed to the regime of Colonel Gaddafi , who said , in May 2007 , that
during a recent trip to Tripoli , he met with a senior Libyan government official who confirmed to him that al - Libi had been quietly returned to Libya and is now in prison there .
Benotman said that he was told by the senior Libyan government official — whom he declined to publicly identify — that al - Libi is extremely ill , suffering from tuberculosis and diabetes .
“ He is there in jail and very sick , ” Benotman [ said ] .
He also said that the senior official told him that the Libyan government has agreed not to publicly confirm anything about al - Libi — out of deference to the Bush administration .
“ If the Libyans will confirm it , it will embarrass the Americans because he is linked to the Iraq issue , ” Benotman said .
The most important question that needs asking just now , of course , is whether it was possible for al - Libi to commit suicide in a Libyan jail , or whether he was murdered .
I doubt that we will ever find out the truth , but whatever the case , the focus on his death should not rest solely on Libya , which only took possession of him after the US administration had made use of him to justify the invasion of Iraq .
Whatever al - Libi ’s actual crimes , his use as a tool in a program of “ extraordinary rendition ” and torture , exploited shamelessly not to foil future terrorist plots but to yield false information about al - Qaeda and Saddam Hussein , remains a low point in a “ War on Terror ” that has few redeeming features .
POSTSCRIPT ( June 5 ) :
In response to a query about the visit to al - Libi by representatives of Human Rights Watch , from blogger Eric Pottenger , who wrote a post about al - Libi here , I ’ve realized that I need to clarify the doubts I expressed above about this visit , as mentioned in Ennahar Online .
At the time ( the evening of Sunday May 10 ) , I wrote that I had “ not yet had time to investigate ” the claim , but that I found it “ highly unlikely . ”
What I need to clarify is that I was suspicious at the time , because Algerian English language sources online are notoriously unreliable , but I spoke to Human Rights Watch on the Monday , and believe that their representatives did indeed see al - Libi in the prison , and that he refused to be interviewed by them , asking them only where they had been while he was being tortured , as I reported in a follow - up article on the Tuesday .
Andy Worthington is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( published by Pluto Press , distributed by Macmillan in the US , and available from Amazon — click on the following for the US and the UK ) .
To receive new articles in your inbox , please subscribe to my RSS feed , and see here for my definitive Guantánamo prisoner list , published in March 2009 .
For updates on the story , see : Dick Cheney And The Death Of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , The “ Suicide ” Of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi : Why The Media Silence ? , Two Experts Cast Doubt On Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi ’s “ Suicide ” , Lawrence Wilkerson Nails Cheney On Use Of Torture To Invade Iraq , In the Guardian : Death in Libya , betrayal by the West ( in the Guardian here ) , Lawrence Wilkerson Nails Cheney ’s Iraq Lies Again ( And Rumsfeld And The CIA ) , and WORLD EXCLUSIVE : New Revelations About The Torture Of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi .
For a sequence of articles dealing with the use of torture by the CIA , on “ high - value detainees , ” and in the secret prisons , see : Guantánamo ’s tangled web : Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Majid Khan , dubious US convictions , and a dying man ( July 2007 ) , Jane Mayer on the CIA ’s “ black sites , ” condemnation by the Red Cross , and Guantánamo ’s “ high - value ” detainees ( including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ) ( August 2007 ) , Waterboarding : two questions for Michael Hayden about three “ high - value ” detainees now in Guantánamo ( February 2008 ) , Six in Guantánamo Charged with 9/11 Murders : Why Now ?
And What About the Torture ? ( February 2008 ) , The Insignificance and Insanity of Abu Zubaydah : Ex-Guantánamo Prisoner Confirms FBI ’s Doubts ( April 2008 ) , Guantánamo Trials : Another Torture Victim Charged ( Abdul Rahim al - Nashiri , July 2008 ) , Secret Prison on Diego Garcia Confirmed : Six “ High - Value ” Guantánamo Prisoners Held , Plus “ Ghost Prisoner ” Mustafa Setmariam Nasar ( August 2008 ) , Will the Bush administration be held accountable for war crimes ?
( December 2008 ) , The Ten Lies of Dick Cheney ( Part One ) and The Ten Lies of Dick Cheney ( Part Two ) ( December 2008 ) , Prosecuting the Bush Administration ’s Torturers ( March 2009 ) , Abu Zubaydah : The Futility Of Torture and A Trail of Broken Lives ( March 2009 ) , Ten Terrible Truths About The CIA Torture Memos ( Part One ) , Ten Terrible Truths About The CIA Torture Memos ( Part Two ) , 9/11 Commission Director Philip Zelikow Condemns Bush Torture Program , Who Authorized The Torture of Abu Zubaydah ? and CIA Torture Began In Afghanistan 8 Months before DoJ Approval , Even In Cheney ’s Bleak World , The Al - Qaeda - Iraq Torture Story Is A New Low ( all April 2009 ) , Obama ’s First 100 Days : Mixed Messages On Torture ( May 2009 ) .
Also see the extensive archive of articles about the Military Commissions .
For other stories discussing the use of torture in secret prisons , see :
An unreported story from Guantánamo : the tale of Sanad al - Kazimi ( August 2007 ) , Rendered to Egypt for torture , Mohammed Saad Iqbal Madni is released from Guantánamo ( September 2008 ) , A History of Music Torture in the “ War on Terror ” ( December 2008 ) , Seven Years of Torture : Binyam Mohamed Tells His Story ( March 2009 ) , and also see the extensive Binyam Mohamed archive .
And for other stories discussing torture at Guantánamo and / or in “ conventional ” US prisons in Afghanistan , see :
The testimony of Guantánamo detainee Omar Deghayes : includes allegations of previously unreported murders in the US prison at Bagram airbase ( August 2007 ) , Guantánamo Transcripts : “ Ghost ” Prisoners Speak After Five And A Half Years , And “ 9/11 hijacker ” Recants His Tortured Confession ( September 2007 ) , The Trials of Omar Khadr , Guantánamo’s “ child soldier ” ( November 2007 ) , Former US interrogator Damien Corsetti recalls the torture of prisoners in Bagram and Abu Ghraib ( December 2007 ) , Guantánamo ’s shambolic trials ( February 2008 ) , Torture allegations dog Guantánamo trials ( March 2008 ) , Sami al - Haj : the banned torture pictures of a journalist in Guantánamo ( April 2008 ) , Former Guantánamo Prosecutor Condemns “ Chaotic ” Trials in Case of Teenage Torture Victim ( Lt. Col.
Darrel Vandeveld on Mohamed Jawad , January 2009 ) , Judge Orders Release of Guantánamo ’s Forgotten Child ( Mohammed El - Gharani , January 2009 ) , Bush Era Ends With Guantánamo Trial Chief ’s Torture Confession ( Susan Crawford on Mohammed al - Qahtani , January 2009 ) , Forgotten in Guantánamo : British Resident Shaker Aamer ( March 2009 ) , and the extensive archive of articles about the Military Commissions .
Member since Apr 03 , 2009 .
Last seen online 5 years , 9 months ago .
/
The U.S. attorney in Los Angeles sent a confidential memo to prosecutors last week ordering them to stop filing charges against medical marijuana dispensaries , then abruptly lifted the ban on Friday , according to sources familiar with the developments .
I think it 's confusion --- it 's important to remember that we are n't even close to having the appropriate Obama officials seated at this point .
We expect , per the White House 's comments , review of the policy as these people are formulating new policy .
Keep in mind Deputy AG
Ogden has n't been sworn in yet .
At this point there has been no new movement ; no new raids or new indictments .
We are , however , still concerned about what becomes of the individuals still undergoing prosecution or waiting federal sentences ...
And I think that will require a deeper , more comprehensive discussion with the Obama Administration ... once we have a better sense of who will be staying and who will not !
I 'm hearing a lot of discussion about this odd story from the LA Times : So he initially orders everyone to completely back off of medical marijuana cases , then for unknown reasons , reverses course and tells prosecutors to proceed as they have in the past .
It 's creepy and plays right into the suspicions of those who thought the Feds would n’t back off without a fight .
Nonetheless , I 'm leaning towards the assumption that the initial memo was just a little bit premature , but that we 'll ultimately see a policy along those lines .
I contacted Caren Woodson at Americans for Safe Access for a more informed analysis .
Here 's what she has to say :
In other words , do n’t freak out , at least not yet .
The new administration has said the raids will end and that 's what we 're expecting .
2007-01-20
Posted January 20 , 2007 at 12:00 am
UPDATE : Sorry for the missed update .
I spent all day working on a cool SMBC thing that 'll debut tomorrow .
As I 've said , I 'm working to get back to my regular daily updates at midnight , but I 'm transitioning into a new job right now and it 's been a bit crazy .
But soon , everything will be hunky dory .
Okay , the Chason !
comic actually works now .
Sorry for the extreme lateness .
I 'm starting a new job and wanted to get a jump on things .
Hopefully my SMBC updates will get back to normal in the near future .
If rumours are true , Apple ’s next iPhone will be released on June 8 at WWDC featuring a matte black casing , OLED display and a glowing Apple logo .
We posted a list of possible leaked specs last week , but frankly all of this is pure speculation just like every other Apple release .
According to Gadget Lab :
“ Overall , if these claims are true , this is a relatively minor upgrade .
The most notable new features would be the built - in compass ( which appeared in earlier rumor reports ) , the video recorder and editor ( the current iPhones do n’t support video recording unless you Jailbreak them ) , the built - in FM transmitter and the OLED screen ( which would improve battery life ) . ”
And another set of ‘ specs ’ according CultofMac :
* 32GB and 16GB to replace current capacities * $ 199 and $ 299 price - points to be maintained * 3.2 Megapixel camera * Video recording & editing capabilities * Ability to send a picture & video via MMS * Discontinuation of the metal band surrounding the edge of the device * OLED screen * 1.5X
The battery life * Double the RAM and processing power * Built - in FM transmitter * Apple logo on the back to light up * Rubber - tread backing * Sleeker design * Built - in compass * Revolutionary combination of the camera , GPS , compass , and Google maps to identify photo and inform about photo locations .
*
Turn by turn directions * July 17th , 2009 release date
Read next : Google launches Gmail inline message translation .
Nigel Morris and Colin Brown write in The Independent :
Senior cabinet ministers are privately discussing a plan to scrap the Government ’s £ 5bn identity cards programme as part of cuts to public spending , The Independent has learnt .
The ministers believe that some “ sacred cows ” will have to be sacrificed in the effort to reduce Britain ’s debt mountain .
They are raising fresh questions over the future of the ID card programme as the Cabinet faces renewed pressure to find economies beyond a promised £ 9bn in “ efficiency savings ” .
“ My sense is that ID cards will not go ahead , ” a senior Cabinet Minister said .
“ We have to find savings somewhere , and it would be better to shelve schemes like this that are n’t popular . ”
There is n’t a shred of scientific evidence that marijuana is safe and effective for any medical condition .
Moreover , THC , the active ingredient of pot , has been approved by the FDA and on the market in capsule form since 1985 .
NYT 's Freakonomics Blog has a pro-con piece on marijuana decriminalization that includes this bizarre argument from USC professor Joel W. Hay :
How could you even write something like that without seeing how silly it is ?
If we 've been selling FDA - approved concentrated marijuana pills for almost 25 years , then there 's really no question how " safe and effective " marijuana is .
The fact that pills made of pure THC have been approved by FDA and sold legally for decades without incident is the best proof you could ever ask for that marijuana is remarkably safe .
What was he thinking when he wrote this ?
Update :
And , of course , the claim that there 's no evidence of medical marijuana 's safety and effectiveness is absurd .
I would n't even know where to begin .
Ask MetaFilter ’s best introductory books
When talking about the Best Books I linked to this great Ask MetaFilter thread from 2007 :
What single book is the best introduction to your field ( or specialization within your field ) for laypeople ?.
The whole thing ’s worth a read but a while back I decided to go through , give it a squeeze , and extract the juicy bits : the books themselves .
So below is a list of books , grouped into topics , as recommended by the thread .
This does n’t list every book mentioned .
I left out some where the topic was particularly narrow and I left out others where the poster give no impression of knowing anything about the field other than having read the single book they recommend .
And , of course , this is quite an arbitrary list of subjects and books — ask the same question of a different group of people and most of the list will no doubt be different ( although the books that are the same … those will be the interesting ones ) .
Anyway , here ’s the list :
Most of the links are to the pages the original Ask MetaFilter posters linked to ; I ’ve added some where no link was given .
General Motors Corp. outlined a new turnaround plan that would leave the U.S. government controlling the auto maker , as it set up a showdown with bondholders that could determine whether the company lands in bankruptcy court .
Under the plan , GM is asking the Treasury Department for an additional $ 11.6 billion in loans , on top of the $ 15.4 billion it has already received .
It envisions giving the government at least half ownership of the company as payment for half of the loans .
At ...
Just a coincidence , I ’m sure
“ You see this napkin ?
In 24 hours , we could have the signatures of 70 Senators on this napkin . ”
– Former AIPAC official Steven Rosen , speaking to a sympathetic journalist ( Jeffrey Goldberg ) .
“ Senators Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) , Johnny Isakson ( R- GA ) , Arlen Specter ( D - PA ) , John Thune ( R - SD ) were joined by 72 of their Senate colleagues in writing to President Obama today , encouraging him to work towards achieving peace between Israel and its Arab neighbors in a manner that takes into full account the risks that Israel will face in any peace agreement . ”
— Press release from office of Sen. Dodd , May 19 , 2009 .
The letter in question is the Senate version of the AIPAC - drafted letter circulated by Reps.
Steney Hoyer ( D - MD ) and Eric Cantor ( R - VA ) in the House .
It calls for the Obama administration “ to work closely and privately ” with Israel and that the United States “ must be a trusted mediator and a devoted friend to Israel . ”
In other words , Obama ’s team should act as “ Israel ’s lawyer ” in peace talks , just as Bill Clinton ’s team did during the failed Oslo process .
It says that once the Palestinians meet a series of demanding conditions , then “ an accord with Israel will be easier to attain , ” and it calls for the Arab states to move “ toward normal ties with Israel ” without specifying any steps that Israel might take to facilitate this process .
There is no mention of an end to settlement construction , lifting the blockade of Gaza , or halting the creeping incorporation of land in and around Jerusalem .
It declares that Israel “ will be taking the greatest risks in any peace agreement , ” but the signatories remain blissfully unaware that continuing to delay a two - state solution poses a far greater threat to Israel ’s long - term future .
For a more detailed critique , see M.J. Rosenberg here .
There is a broad agreement that groups like AIPAC exert more influence on Capitol Hill than on the Executive Branch .
Let ’s hope so .
Mark Wilson / Getty Images
Herat is cut off from the rest of the planet .
This was once one of the great cities of the world , an imperial capital drawing its wealth from trade along the Silk Road with Iran , the rest of Afghanistan and central Asia .
Above the 800 - year - old mosque in the city centre are minarets covered in blue and green mosaics which soar above one of the most magnificent monuments of the Islamic world .
But today Herat is cut off even from the rest of Afghanistan .
I flew there because it was too dangerous to come by road .
We turned right out of the battered - looking airport because , had we turned left down the main road towards Kandahar , we would soon have been in Taliban - controlled territory .
The road going east to Bamyan and Kabul is risky for the same reasons .
Herat itself is peaceful compared to the rest of Afghanistan .
There are police in their dark grey uniforms and forage hats checking cars , but they are relaxed and do n't look as if they are expecting trouble .
There are more new buildings than in Kabul , but on many construction sites work seems to have stopped .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
I met Obaidullah Sidiqi , a local businessman , at a picnic lunch in a well - watered orchard , full of mulberry and apple trees and honeysuckle , which he owns not far from the airport road .
An attractive aspect of Afghanistan never mentioned in war reporting is the Afghan love of flowers .
Even in front - line positions soldiers dig small trenches , fill them with water and plant geraniums .
Mr Sidiqi , after 16 years in construction , part of it for the Save the Children Fund and partly on his own account , explained that business in Herat faces unique difficulties .
For instance , last year he had contracts under way which he could only visit in disguise .
One was for the construction of a school in Shindand district in the south of Herat province , a Pashtun area where the Taliban are strong .
Mr Sidiqi , like most people in Herat , is a Tajik .
Overall , the Taliban rebellion is confined to the Pashtun , the community to which 42 per cent of Afghans belong , while in the past the Tajiks , who make up 27 per cent of the population , have been the core of the anti-Taliban opposition .
" I wanted to see how work was going at the school , but I did not dare go as myself , " Mr Sidiqi told me .
" So I grew my beard longer and pretended to be one of my drivers . "
He also had to go disguised to visit a road his company is building in Badghis province to the north - east of Herat , again in an area where the Taliban are strong .
In fact , not all the danger comes from the Taliban – though it is always blamed on them – as there are plenty of bandit gangs in the mountains .
Overall , Mr Sidiqi said this year was better than last , though he did not sound completely confident that it was going to stay that way .
He said that 200 local factories had shut , and Iran , where so many Afghans used to go to work , was issuing very few visas .
Within Afghanistan there was pervasive corruption with the award of a contract usually determined by the size of the bribe offered to the officials in charge .
I was sympathetic to Mr Sidiqi 's difficulties in moving around the country except by plane , because I faced the same problem .
I had gone to Herat because last Monday US aircraft had attacked several villages in the Bala Baluk district of Farah province , which is immediately to the south of Herat .
The local governor and surviving villagers said that more than 120 civilians had been killed .
The US military denied that anything like that number had died and , if they had , it was the Taliban who had done it by hurling grenades into houses .
The problem was that Bala Baluk is in a Pashtun area where the Taliban are reputed to be strong .
Back in Kabul Pashtuns told me that it was unfair to equate them with the Taliban , but in reality there are few Taliban who are not Pashtun .
It was too dangerous to go directly to Bala Baluk , so the next best thing was to find a survivor or an eyewitness .
I thought that some of the worst injured might be in Herat hospital , as the best in the area .
But there turned out to be only 14 wounded and these were in Farah hospital .
This could have meant that there were fewer dead than the Afghans were saying , or that the bombardment was so intense that all had been killed .
I did not meet survivors but I did talk to a reliable witness , a radio reporter called Farooq Faizy , who had gone to Bala Baluk soon after the attack happened .
He said that police and soldiers nearby were frightened of the Taliban and told him it was too dangerous to go on , but he spoke to some village elders , telling them : " Talk to us and we will tell the world . "
He says he was none too sure who was in control of the three villages – Gerani , Gangabad and Khoujaha – that had been hit and he was careful about what he said .
But he did take some 70 or 80 photographs and they bore out the villagers ' story : there were craters everywhere ; the villages had been plastered with bombs ; bodies had been torn to shreds by the blasts ; there were mass graves ; there were no signs of damage from bullets , rockets or grenades .
I suspected that the US military 's claim that the Taliban had run through the village hurling grenades , supposedly because they had not been paid their cut of profits from the opium poppy crop , was just a delaying tactic .
Usually the US military delays admission of guilt until a story has gone cold and the media is no longer interested .
" First say ' no story ' , " runs an old PR adage , " and then say ' old story ' . "
By the end of the week the US was admitting that the grenade - throwing Taliban story was " thinly sourced " .
Another thesis was that fighting had taken place 500 metres from the villages , and the Taliban had retreated through them , leading to the airstrikes .
Farooq
Faizy said he had seen signs of fighting in the shape of two burned - out Afghan army or police vehicles and a destroyed US Humvee , but they were seven or eight kilometres away from the site of the bombing .
He had taken photographs of them showing the destroyed Afghan vehicles – Ford pick - ups with a machine gun mount over the bonnet .
It seemed likely that this was the fight that had led to the Afghan army and their US advisers asking for air support .
What the Americans never explain in Afghanistan or Iraq is why they are using weapons designed for world war three against villages that have not left the Middle Ages – which makes heavy civilian casualties inevitable .
Back in Herat , Mr Sidiqi was none too sympathetic about what had happened to the people of Bala Baluk .
Like many Afghans , he felt that it was the weakness of the government , not the strength of the Taliban , which was the problem .
Furthermore he felt , and this is surely true , that " neither Pakistan nor Iran wants a strong Afghanistan " .
Filed to : The End Is Near
Dear hypochondriacs , if you did n't have enough with the swine flu Google map , now you can follow it all in the Center for Disease Control 's emergency Twitter account .
Have fun .
[ CDC Twitter via Cnet ]
Terrorism and the origins of Israel — Part 1
By Jean Shaoul
21 June 2003
The following is the first of a two - part series .
The concluding part will be published June 23 .
Last month the National Archives , formerly known as the Public Record Office , released MI5 Security Service files showing that Zionist terror groups planned to set up cells in London and assassinate the post - war Labour government ’s British Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin .
“ Present Trends in Palestine ” , an MI5 briefing paper written in August 1946 , reported on the activities of the Stern Gang .
This was the terrorist group that had assassinated Lord Moyne , the British military governor in Egypt in 1944 .
“ In recent months it has been reported that they [ the Stern Gang ] have been training selected members for the purpose of proceeding overseas and assassinating a prominent British personality — special reference having been made several times to Mr. Bevin in this connection , ” the paper noted .
One of the leading lights of the Stern Group , which had by this time renamed itself Lehi , was Yitzhak Shamir who became prime minister in 1983 and whose tenure in the highest office in Israel was second only to Ben Gurion .
Another paper , “ Threatened Jewish Activity in the United Kingdom , Palestine and Elsewhere ” , prepared for the Prime Minister Clement Attlee , focused on the activities of the Irgun .
It noted that the Irgun , led by Menachem Begin — later to become prime minister of Israel in 1977 — who had a £ 2,000 price on his head , “ was responsible in the past for the liquidation of members of the police and the military whose activities have been judged especially worthy of Jewish resentment in Palestine . ”
The paper was written in the aftermath of a terrorist bombing by the Irgun that had in the previous month blown up the British headquarters in the King David Hotel in Jerusalem , killing 91 people — Britons , Arabs and Jews — and injured many more .
It said , “ Our Jerusalem representative has since received information that the Irgun and Stern Group have decided to send 5 ‘ cells ’ to London to work along IRA [ Irish Republican Army ] lines .
To use their own words , the terrorists intend ‘ to beat the dog in his own kennel ’ .
If the 18 Sternists are executed [ for their part in the King David bombing ] the Irgun have agreed to co-operate with the Stern Group . ”
The intelligence forces believed that if the executions were carried out , there would be at least 100 retaliatory terrorist outrages and “ indiscriminate shooting of British officers and soldiers on the streets of Palestine must be expected ” .
The files showed that the sentences were in fact reduced to life imprisonment .
A briefing note prepared for a meeting between the prime minister and the head of MI5 , Peter Sillitoe , also listed precautionary measures to be taken to combat terrorism .
Police would monitor Jewish groups in Britain and spy on “ Jews known to have expressed sympathy with terrorist activity in Palestine , and who might be a point of contact for any terrorist arriving in this country .
All applications for UK visas in the Middle East are scrutinised by local security authorities .
Immigration officers at UK ports report to Home Office , Special Branch and MI5 the particulars of all Jews , including seamen , arriving from the Middle East . ”
The fact that MI5 claimed it was keeping a close watch “ through its own sources ” on UK Zionist groups with sympathy for the terrorists suggests that they had informers working for them inside .
Given the British propensity to use such groups for its own purposes to divide and rule , it is not beyond the bounds of possibility that MI5 had agents provocateurs working within them .
While it has long been known that these Zionist groups carried out or planned to carry out assassinations , bombings and sabotage against British targets , these papers — released so long after the normal 30 - year rule — are important for a number of reasons .
Firstly , the papers provide a timely reminder that the Zionists of all political colours used terrorist methods to achieve statehood — something that present - day Zionists seem to have forgotten when they talk about refusing to negotiate with the Palestinians whom they routinely refer to as “ terrorists ” .
It is not simply that Ariel Sharon and company are a bunch of hypocrites or political amnesiacs about the past .
More importantly , the Irgun , led by Menahem Begin , the Stern Group and Lehi , its successor , went on to form the Herut party , forerunner of the Likud party , and the ultra right - wing Moledet party , which form the main coalition partners of the Sharon ’s government .
The gang of former generals , ultra-nationalists and religious bigots that run Israel today are the political heirs of terrorists who furthermore had close connections with the fascists .
In this , they mirrored some of the Arab nationalists in Palestine , Egypt and Iraq who allied themselves with Germany in order to rid themselves of British imperialism .
These alliances led to a virtual civil war between the various wings of the Zionist movement during World War II .
The various Zionist terrorist groups emerged out of the far right wing of the Revisionist Zionist movement , an ultra-nationalist Zionist group .
While all the Zionist groups sought to stifle the rising tide of class struggle in Palestine in the name of national unity , the Revisionists openly stated at the very beginning of the Palestinian - Zionist conflict , in opposition to the mainstream political Zionist movement , that the establishment of a Zionist state in Palestine was impossible without violence and the forcible transfer of the indigenous population .
The Zionist state could only be established “ in blood and fire ” .
They opposed the division of Palestine in 1922 whereby Britain had ceded what is now Jordan to its client , the Hashemite emir Abdullah , as a reward for his support during World War I .
While the Labour Zionists orientated towards the Western democracies , the Revisionists ’ political ideology had more in common with the fascist dictators of Europe .
By the late 1930s , the British , who ruled Palestine under a League of Nations mandate , began to reverse their previous and somewhat vague support for the establishment for “ a homeland for the Jews ” in Palestine .
Menachem Begin , a leading member of the Betar , a far right Revisionist group , regarded military action against the British as both inevitable and necessary to secure a Jewish state in Palestine and the East Bank of the Jordan .
As the situation in Eastern Europe grew ever more desperate for the Jews , and the British sought to limit Jewish immigration to Palestine in an effort to gain support from the Arabs in the coming war against Germany , Betar joined forces with the Irgun — the National Military Organisation , the Revisionists ’ military wing .
With no prospect of a Jewish state in sight , they argued that armed struggle against the British was the only way forward .
In 1939 , when war broke out between Britain and Germany , Avraham Stern , one of the leaders of the Irgun , who had studied in Italy and was an admirer of Mussolini , rejected any support for the British against Germany .
He argued that the British were the main enemy .
There was no difference between the Nazi - fascist states and the Western democracies , between communists and social democrats , between Hitler and Chamberlain , or between Dachau and Buchenwald and closing Palestine off to the Jews .
When he failed to persuade the majority of the Irgun to support him , he broke with the Revisionist movement and his faction became known as the Stern Group .
While both the mainstream Zionists and the Revisionists supported the British against Germany and joined the British armed forces , the Stern Group opposed conscription of the Jews and went on to carry out armed robberies , murders , and terrorist attacks against both the British and the Arabs .
It waged a campaign of terror aimed at driving out the British and establishing a Jewish state on the entire land of biblical Palestine , including Transjordan .
With the Jews a minority in Palestine , such a state would necessarily mean expelling the Arab population to ensure its Jewish character .
In his support for the enemy of the British , Stern turned a blind eye to the anti-Semitism of the Nazis .
The Stern Group ’s policies and actions were opposed and condemned by the overwhelming majority of Jews in Palestine .
In return for help from first the Italians and later the Germans in driving the British out of Palestine , Stern promised that the new Jewish state would become a German client state while Jerusalem , with the exception of the Jewish holy places , would become a province of the Vatican .
In other words , the establishment of a Jewish state took precedence over the safety of European Jewry .
His group had meetings with the Nazi regime ’s representatives and tried to recruit 40,000 Jews from occupied Europe to invade Palestine and defeat the British .
But the Germans had no more wish to alienate the Arabs and lose the chance of gaining access to the region ’s oil resources than the British and dismissed the offer .
The British shot and killed Stern in February 1942 and imprisoned his immediate coterie , including Yitzhak Shamir , the future prime minister .
As the war drew to a close , Stern ’s followers , including Shamir on his release from jail , regrouped as the Lehi with similar aims , including Stern ’s “ Eighteen Principles of National Renewal ” that proclaimed a Jewish state from the Nile to the Euphrates .
They adopted the methods of the IRA in its struggles against the British .
Shamir even used Michael as his nom de guerre , after Michael Collins .
The now embarrassing Nazi - fascist affiliation was dropped in favour of Britain ’s latest enemy , the Soviet Union , although some advocated an alliance with the Arab national liberation movements that opposed the stooge regimes imposed by British imperialism .
Lehi denounced the Labour Zionists and the mainstream Revisionist movement for relying upon negotiations with the British .
As far as Lehi was concerned , the British were the Gestapo and the Labour Zionists were akin to Vichy Europe , and Lehi were the resistance .
Asked if it was possible to achieve national liberation through terrorism , Lehi ’s response was , “ The answer is no !
If the question is , are terrorist activities useful for the progress of revolution and liberation , the answer is yes . ”
Lehi ’s most notorious action was the assassination of Lord Moyne , the British military commander in Egypt in 1944 .
According to Shindler , a fellow in Israeli Studies at the School of Oriental and African Studies , University of London , and author of The Land Beyond Promise : Israel , Likud and the Zionist Dream , Lehi copied the methods of the IRA .
Between September 1942 and July 1946 , when Shamir was arrested and exiled to Eritrea , there were seven assassination attempts on the life of the British High Commissioner in Palestine and several more were planned , including Ernest Bevin , the British foreign secretary and members of British intelligence forces .
It was Shamir who planned the assassination of Lord Moyne .
Lehi also carried out 14 assassination attempts against Jews who worked or were believed to work for British intelligence .
It was not averse to killing its own members if the need arose .
While Lehi was by far the smallest of the Zionist terrorist groups , the Stern / Lehi group carried out 71 percent of all political assassinations between 1940 and 1948 .
Nearly half of these were against fellow Jews .
Even after the establishment of the Zionist state , Lehi continued its murderous activities .
Hazit Ha’Moledet , the Fatherland Front , a Lehi splinter group that later formed the Moledet party , carried out the assassination of Count Folke Bernadotte , a UN envoy seeking to arrange a peace agreement between Israel and the Arabs .
To be continued
An increasing number of Australian adults are overweight or obese , according to the latest national health survey .
The Australian Bureau of Statistics ( ABS ) report for 2007 - 2008 shows one - quarter of adults are obese , while 37 per cent are classified as overweight .
This marks a significant increase from the last time body mass index data was surveyed in 1995 .
There was also an increase in obesity among children .
Over the past 12 years the number of children who are obese has increased from 5.2 per cent to 7.8 per cent .
Seventeen per cent of children are overweight .
Statisticians travelled around city and country Australia to measure 22,000 people .
The results for 2007 - 08 found that 68 per cent of all Australian men were overweight or obese , an increase of 4 per cent since 1995 .
The figures for women were worse , with 55 per cent of women now overweight or obese , rising 6 per cent .
The heaviest age group were people in their 60s and 70s , with a staggering 79 per cent of men in that age group overweight .
ABS director of health Michelle Marquardt says the figures are concerning because being overweight is a risk factor for heart disease and type 2 diabetes .
Despite growing waistlines , two - thirds of people surveyed said they exercised for fitness , with most choosing walking as their preferred activity .
Most of those surveyed said they felt healthy , though the majority had at least one on - going medical condition .
Drinking down
But it seems some public health messages are getting through , with a slight reduction in the number of people drinking at risky levels .
In the week before the survey was conducted , about 68 per cent of men and 51 per cent of women consumed alcohol .
About 13 per cent of these consumed alcohol at a harmful level .
Teenagers aged 15 - 17 years were also questioned about alcohol .
The ABS found 24 per cent of boys and 16 per cent of girls had consumed alcohol in the week leading up to survey - some at a risky level .
Meanwhile , the number of Australians smoking dropped from 23 to 20 per cent .
One in five adults were smoking in 2007 - 2008 , down from 23 per cent in 2004 - 2005 .
For the first time the survey questioned children about smoking and found 7 per cent of 15 - 17 - year - olds smoke .
Long - term problems
The survey also found that nearly 80 per cent of the population has one or more long - term medical conditions , such as eye sight problems , arthritis or asthma .
About 10 per cent of the population reported having a long - term mental illness and 2 per cent of the population had been medically diagnosed with some form of cancer .
About 4 per cent of Australians have diabetes .
More than three - quarters of those have type 2 diabetes , while 10 per cent have type 1 .
In general though , most Australians consider themselves to be healthy , with more than half the respondents declaring their overall health to be very good or excellent .
I ’m happy to announce a new and improved version of Last . fm radio on the web .
We ’ve been cooking this one in the Last . fm labs for a while now and thought it was time for you to have a play , discover some new music and new features , and let us know what you think .
Here ’s a quick rundown of what ’s new .
Artist slideshow
We ’ve redesigned the listening page , and at its centre is an expanded metadata area that showcases a rich catalogue of images uploaded by the Last . fm community .
We believe that music discovery involves all your senses ; this is especially true when you ’re listening to , say , french + 60s + female vocalists tag radio .
Combo stations
Wait , what ?
Yep , combo stations are finally here !
Pick up to three artists , or up to three tags , and mix them together in a combination of your choosing .
Classical + piano ?
Taylor Swift + Dolly Parton ?
80s + hip hop ?
Sure thing .
While not every pairing necessarily contains enough music to make a complete station , trying out the combinations is half the fun .
Station history
With all these new stations happening , we figured you could use a bit of extra help keeping track of them .
We ’ve expanded your “ recent stations ” to store a much longer list , and added the ability to remove the stations that you ’re not into .
Your most recently - listened ones rise to the top so it ’s always easy to start the music back up .
And more
Including : an “ in your library ” section that lets you know exactly how often you have ( or have n’t ! ) listened ; a scrobble toggle so that you can play Britney Spears ’ similar artists in comfort and privacy ; plus plenty of other little touches we hope you ’ll enjoy .
As with any shiny new product , there are bound to be some release day glitches .
Please bear with us as we squash bugs ; you can help out by reporting any problems you spot in the support forum .
We ’re also eager to listen to your comments and suggestions over in the feedback and ideas forum , as we ’ll keep working hard on this new version of the radio over the coming weeks and months .
On behalf of the entire Last . fm team : happy listening .
WASHINGTON  Medical personnel were deeply involved in the abusive interrogation of terrorist suspects held overseas by the Central Intelligence Agency , including torture , and their participation was a “ gross breach of medical ethics , ” a long - secret report by the International Committee of the Red Cross concluded .
Based on statements by 14 prisoners who belonged to Al Qaeda and were moved to Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , in late 2006 , Red Cross investigators concluded that medical professionals working for the C.I.A. monitored prisoners undergoing waterboarding , apparently to make sure they did not drown .
Medical workers were also present when guards confined prisoners in small boxes , shackled their arms to the ceiling , kept them in frigid cells and slammed them repeatedly into walls , the report said .
Facilitating such practices , which the Red Cross described as torture , was a violation of medical ethics even if the medical workers ’ intentions had been to prevent death or permanent injury , the report said .
But it found that the medical professionals ’ role was primarily to support the interrogators , not to protect the prisoners , and that the professionals had “ condoned and participated in ill treatment . ”
At times , according to the detainees ’ accounts , medical workers “ gave instructions to interrogators to continue , to adjust or to stop particular methods . ”
Why do Chinese save , while Americans spend ?
" They have to save for health care .
They have to save for the risk of losing a job .
They have to save for long - term retirement , " Rosenberg said .
" None of these things are provided for as they are in the U.S .
It 's rational for the Chinese consumer , lacking a structural safety net , to save . "
In short order , Mr. Maddox cut down on the backlog of submissions , accelerated the pace at which manuscripts were accepted and edited , added new staff members and , to keep up with developments in the United States , opened an office in Washington .
Articles were ruthlessly edited to ensure readability and clarity .
Image John Maddox in 1998 .
Credit ... Zoe Dominic / Free Press
He injected a new sense of urgency into proceedings .
Nature became newsier , aquiver with the sense of exciting scientific developments just around the corner .
This sense of scientific possibility fed into Mr. Maddox ’s best - known book , “ What Remains to Be Discovered : Mapping the Secrets of the Universe , the Origins of Life , and the Future of the Human Race ” ( 1998 ) , an optimistic survey of possible scientific breakthroughs looming just over the horizon .
Editors who worked under Mr. Maddox said he ran a sometimes chaotic ship , generating more projects than a staff double the size could carry out .
His enthusiasms were often far - ranging , intense and brief , and his fondness for 11th - hour editing could be unnerving .
He was renowned for leaving Nature ’s editorial page blank until the last possible moment , then sitting down with a secretary and dictating his contributions as the presses rolled .
In 1973 , he left Nature to start his own company and publish an environmental journal .
It was not a success , but his interest in environmental subjects led to two books .
In “ The Doomsday Syndrome ” ( 1972 ) , he argued against environmental pessimism , taking an eco-skeptical stance that he modified over the years .
It was followed by “ Beyond the Energy Crisis : A Global Perspective ” ( 1975 ) .
In 1975 the Nuffield Foundation hired him as director , but five years later , when the editorship of Nature fell vacant , he returned to take over the top spot for a second time .
This time he introduced a new series of innovations , publishing offshoots devoted to specific scientific disciplines , among them Nature Genetics and Nature Neuroscience .
Nature now puts out nearly 20 such sister publications .
He also beat the competition by opening a Tokyo office to cover scientific developments in Asia .
In addition to his son Bruno , of Manhattan , he is survived by his wife , the writer Brenda Maddox ; a brother , Don , of Letton , Herefordshire ; another son , Piers , of Totnes , Devonshire ; two daughters , Bronwen and Imma , both of London ; and two grandchildren .
Mr. Maddox was knighted on retiring as editor of Nature in 1995 and five years later was named an honorary fellow of the Royal Society .
DIGG THIS
Historians of Soviet Russia occasionally note that the communist workers ' paradise was originally intended to adhere to a written constitution that expressly guaranteed freedoms such as speech , press and assembly .
In practice , however , none of the freedoms guaranteed in the Soviet constitution were recognized in the country 's legal system , and millions of dissenters and suspected dissenters were imprisoned or killed for disagreeing with the commissars of the state .
The United States Constitution , by contrast , is thought to be in good standing .
Yet there are numerous provisions of the U.S. Constitution that are never enforced .
These provisions , analogous to " dead letters " in the U.S. Postal System , are either totally ignored by federal judges or given such a narrow construction that they might as well not exist .
As columnist and curmudgeon Joseph Sobran has written , the Supreme Court has , in essence , exercised a " line - item veto " over the document , totally ignoring provisions that interfere with the justices ' national vision or social objectives .
When the Supreme Court switched to discretionary certiorari in 1925 ( thus allowing the court to pick and choose its own docket ) , the Court paved the way for a highly selective treatment of the Constitution .
While some constitutional provisions ( e.g. , the First Amendment and the Fourth Amendment ) are routinely accorded Supreme Court consideration , many others are almost completely ignored .
It can hardly be a coincidence that all of the dead letters happen to place limitations on the scope and power of government .
In contrast , the few provisions of the Constitution granting powers to government have been interpreted expansively .
The clause giving Congress power to regulate interstate commerce , for example , has been interpreted by the courts to allow Congress to imprison people for acts that can be linked to either commerce or interstate activities only by a tenuous series of conceptual inferences .
There are even provisions which were included in the Constitution to limit government but which have now been interpreted to empower government .
The Takings Clause , which states that no person shall be deprived of property " without due process of law ; nor shall private property be taken for public use , without just compensation , " was recently construed by the Supreme Court to give government at all levels near carte blanche power over all property .
In a 2005 decision entitled Kelo v. City of New London , the Court reinterpreted the phrase " for public use " to mean for whatever use any government desires — including private use .
Similarly , the Fifth Amendment Grand Jury clause was placed in the Constitution in order to limit government but has now been interpreted in a way that empowers government .
As the criminal law grew more complicated during the 1800s , courts began allowing public prosecutors to appear and discuss cases before grand juries ( a practice strictly forbidden at the time of the Founding ) .
This became embedded in grand jury practice by the 1900s .
Today 's Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure state that prosecutors may be present before grand juries at all times and prohibit grand jurors from issuing independent presentments .
There is nothing new about this insidious trend .
The Necessary and Proper clause was originally intended to bind Congress to legislating only in ways that were " necessary " to carry out the few limited powers the national government had been granted .
By the early nineteenth century , however , the Supreme Court had already interpreted " necessary and proper " to mean only " proper " — in the eyes of the government .
As Jefferson observed , " [t ] he natural progress of things is for liberty to yield and government to gain ground . "
Courts have increasingly subjected all rights mentioned in the Constitution to balancing tests , meaning that rights have become mere interests to be balanced against the ( always pressing ) interests of government .
Thus , it is asserted that " no rights are absolute " and that courts may deny the application of a right where " the Government 's regulatory interest in community safety
. . . outweigh[s ] an individual 's liberty interest . "
However , the Supreme Court has abandoned any pretense of balancing tests with regard to governmental powers ( such as those found in the Tax Clause or the Spending Clause ) , for which the Constitution 's provisions are described as plenary .
Some rights enshrined in the Constitution are rendered dead by the lack of any remedy to enforce them .
For example , in 1974 , the Supreme Court held that no taxpayer ever has standing to challenge the secret budget of the CIA ( which clearly violates Article 1's requirement that " No money shall be drawn from the Treasury , but in Consequence of Appropriations made by law ; and a regular Statement and Account . . . of all public Money shall be published " ) .
Finally , there are newly invented " maxims " of law that have crept into modern jurisprudence by means of pronouncements that they are long - recognized .
One such so - called maxim originated with Justice Stone 's " Footnote Four " in the 1938 case of United States v. Carolene Products Company .
Justice Stone proclaimed that most congressional enactments are " presumed constitutional " and will be struck down only if they blatantly contradict explicit constitutional protections .
Stone 's " presumption of validity " has been cited in dozens if not hundreds of appellate decisions to turn away constitutional challenges .
As many scholars have pointed out , this " presumption of constitutionality " was enunciated nowhere in the many letters and speeches that punctuated ratification debates in the late 1700s .
In fact , Founding - era voices more than occasionally expressed the opposite opinion .
A widely - distributed editorial by Alexander White , a member of the First U.S. Congress from Virginia , proclaimed ( in opposition to proposals for a bill of rights ) that “ In America it is the governors not the governed that must produce their Bills of Rights : unless they can shew the charters under which they act , the people will not yield obedience . "
Moreover , the Carolene Products presumption of validity can be said to overrule the plain text of the Ninth Amendment ( " The enumeration in the Constitution , of certain rights , shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people " ) as well as the Tenth Amendment ( " The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution . . . are reserved to the States . . . or to the people " ) .
A list of other recently invented " maxims " would include ( 1 ) Justice Robert H. Jackson 's proclamation in 1949 that the Constitution is not a " suicide pact " ( i.e. , it should never be interpreted to mean the government is not always in control ) , and ( 2 ) the doctrine of " harmless error " ( invented in 1967 in Chapman v. California ) by which an appellate court may concede a constitutional violation but uphold a criminal conviction by proclaiming that the defendant would have been convicted even if the Constitution had been followed .
There are also insidious doctrines such as " sovereign immunity " ( which allows government agents to escape liability for illegal acts — on the ground that they are with the government ) and the " state secrets " doctrine ( which deprives citizens of any redress by the assertion that proof of a constitutional violation would expose intelligence sources or methods ) , which are found nowhere in the text or the original understanding of the Constitution .
Of course , liberty dies incrementally , and the leviathanic government we see today took generations to bring about .
It has been largely forgotten that the prohibition of intrastate liquor sales in the early twentieth century required a constitutional amendment ( the Eighteenth ) because policymakers and judges recognized that Congress had no constitutional authority to regulate intrastate sales of any commodity .
The Supreme Court even wrote in a 1932 decision that " sales of [ ] forbidden drugs qua sales " was " a matter entirely beyond the authority of Congress . "
The recent Gonzales v. Raich decision ( upholding federal drugs laws as trumping California 's medical marijuana protections ) highlights the fact that recent generations of Supreme Court justices have amended the Constitution without formal process .
A list of constitutional dead letters follows below .
I honestly do n't know what weight to give some of the Bush Administration 's " unitary executive " practices such as its warrantless domestic eavesdropping and treatment of detainees at Guantanamo Bay , which amount to complete abdications of the procedural rights laid out in the 4th , 5th , 6th and 8th Amendments .
( If such matters are considered , it becomes arguable that the entirety of the Bill of Rights is a dead letter even if some of the rights are partially recognized for some people . )
The list enumerated below , to paraphrase the dead - lettered Ninth Amendment , should not be considered all - inclusive , and there are , no doubt , other dead - lettered constitutional provisions I have neglected to identify .
The House origination clause , Art. 1 , 7 , requiring that all " Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives , " has been rendered a dead letter by neglect .
As Congressman Ron Paul has pointed out , the 2008 bank bailout bill with all its tax implications was deliberately introduced in the Senate after House members rejected it — a plain violation of this clause .
Similar practices have gone on for many years .
The congressional declaration of war clause , Art. 1 , 8 . No " war " in the constitutional sense has been declared since 1941 , although the executive branch has engaged in numerous undeclared wars and military escapades around the globe .
The public accounting clause Art. 1 , 10 : As already discussed , the secret budget of the CIA is in plain conflict with Article I of the Constitution ( " No money shall be drawn from the Treasury , but in Consequence of Appropriations made by law ; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time " ) .
The Legal Tender Clause , Art. 1 , 10 , prohibiting states from making " any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts . "
The application of the Federal Reserve Act and many other statutes and executive orders are in plain violation of this clause .
State and Federal governments demand and provide payment in paper currencies that are unbacked by any precious metals .
The prohibition against bills of attainder , Art. 1 , 10 — which was supposed to ensure that no one could ever be punished by the legislature — has been addressed only four times by the Supreme Court .
Congress regularly enacts new laws placing extrajudicial punishments on various groups ( felons , convicted sex offenders , disfavored corporations such as Wal - Mart , and even entire industries ( e.g. , " Big Tobacco " ) ) .
The Contract Clause , Art. 1 , 10 , prohibiting states from impairing contractual obligations .
Long dead and buried .
Today the federal courts uphold wage , work , production , pricing , licensing and advertising regulations of every manner , irrespective of the Contract Clause .
The Second Amendment right to bear arms .
Despite the recent Heller decision ( which issued a " landmark " ruling that the Amendment protects an individual right ) , there are still thousands of felons and other persons in federal prison for the mere possession of firearms .
No defendant has ever been released from prison or cleared of gun charges in federal court on account of judges recognizing the right to bear arms .
The gist of the Heller decision is that the Amendment protects a " reasonable " right to bear government - approved arms so long as you are government - approved .
Of course , such a limited and conditional reading of the Second Amendment renders it a dead letter .
The leaders of the American Revolution were themselves accused ( and some convicted ) felons , and several were notorious criminals ( e.g. , John Hancock , an accused tax evader and smuggler ; John Paul Jones , a twice - indicted murderer who adopted his name as an alias to avoid arrest ) .
The Fifth Amendment Grand Jury clause .
While federal grand juries do still exist , they are now wholly subject to the control of federal prosecutors — the very persons the Clause was intended to limit .
The grand juries known to the Framers were civilian institutions that acted independently of prosecutors , could investigate prosecutors , and could indict prosecutors .
Today , prosecutors dispense all evidence , witnesses and testimony to the grand jurors , who then retire to a deliberation room to vote on whether to approve the prosecutors ' wishes .
( A " no " vote will just mean that the prosecutors will coerce another grand jury to vote on the same case . )
The Fifth Amendment Double Jeopardy clause .
Today , the federal government commonly charges defendants who have been previously charged with essentially the same offense in state court ( and vice versa ) .
This usually happens after an acquittal or a " light " sentence in the first prosecution .
Because Congress has federalized almost every state crime over the past four decades ( something the Founders could never have imagined ) , federal and state prosecutors are able to get two bites at the apple despite the double jeopardy clause .
The Sixth Amendment right to jury trial in criminal cases .
My inclusion of this one may puzzle some readers , because thousands of jury trials take place in American courtrooms annually .
But the right to jury trial has been stripped for the vast majority of criminal prosecutions .
Supreme Court rulings beginning in the late 1800s confined this right to cases of " serious " rather than " petty " crimes ( i.e. , punishable by less than six months ' imprisonment ) .
This distinction exists nowhere in constitutional text , which explicitly guarantees a jury trial " [ i ] n all criminal prosecutions " and for " all crimes . "
The change has allowed government to impose its will on the populace with far greater efficiency .
Justices Black and Douglas observed in a 1970 concurrence that their colleagues on the Supreme Court had effectively amended the Constitution by applying a balancing test and that " [ t ] hose who wrote and adopted our Constitution and Bill of Rights engaged in all the balancing necessary .
They decided that the value of a jury trial far outweighed its costs for " all crimes " and " [ i ] n all criminal prosecutions . "
Of course , plea bargains have replaced jury trials in most " serious " cases , allowing government to prosecute and imprison a far higher proportion of the American population than the Framers could have anticipated .
And even where defendants take their charges to trial , they are tried before emasculated juries that are ordered to follow the judges ' interpretations of the Constitution and the laws .
The Founders would have condemned this wholesale takeover of juries by modern judges .
The Sixth Amendment vicinage clause ( requiring an " impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed " ) .
In practice today , most federal court proceedings have been centralized into the largest urban areas of each federal court district , leaving rural defendants in many cases to face trials before urban juries drawn from jury districts that do not include the scene (s ) of the alleged offense (s ) .
The Seventh Amendment right to jury trial in civil cases where the amount in controversy exceeds twenty dollars ( $ 20 ) .
The eternal drive of government officials at every level to collect petty duties , traffic and parking tickets , fees and other tributes has necessitated that they circumvent the plain language of the Seventh Amendment .
Today the Seventh Amendment is one of three articles in the Bill of Rights not incorporated into state court practice by the Fourteenth Amendment .
Even in federal courts , the civil remedies mandated by the Seventh Amendment are painted into an extremely narrow corner .
The Ninth Amendment protection of other " rights retained by the people . "
As already discussed , this important provision , insisted upon by the Anti-Federalists in 1791 , has been dead - lettered by a combination of judicial doctrines , maxims and sophistries that in essence leave the people with few or no reserved rights .
The Tenth Amendment .
At the heart of the Supreme Court 's dead letter file is the abandonment of federalism in order to create a centralized regime run from Washington .
Under the Founders ' intent , of course , each state was to retain its own sovereignty while the federal government was to act as the states ' mutual delegate in matters of foreign and interstate affairs .
The absence of this rule in the pre-amendment Constitution precipitated massive resistance across the colonies .
Yet today the federal courts regard the Tenth Amendment as a quaint " truism " — a mere statement that the States get to keep whatever jurisdiction is not overtaken by the federal government .
The Fourteenth Amendment Privileges and Immunities clause , which was intended to require states to recognize legal rights recognized by the federal government and other states , was mostly dead - lettered in 1873 in The Slaughterhouse Cases , in which the Supreme Court held the provision applied primarily to freed slaves .
In recent decades , courts have looked to the Fourteenth Amendment Due Process clause to replace the dead - lettered Privileges and Immunities clause .
The Twenty - Seventh Amendment , which requires that “ No law varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and Representatives shall take effect until an election of Representatives shall have intervened , ” has been rendered a dead letter by means of the Supreme Court 's " standing " jurisprudence .
November 12 , 2008
The Best of Roger I. Roots , J.D. , Ph.D .
Michael Jackson will embark on a record residency run at London 's O2 Arena
Performers like Madonna , Elton John , and Bette Midler have played residency shows at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas , but nothing can compare to the now 50 - show residency Michael Jackson will embark on at the 02 Arena in London .
The King of Pop was only guaranteeing he would play 10 shows , mentioning that he was planning on retiring after the concert series when he made the announcement on March 5 , 2009 .
Well , days later , the fans responded by flooding the box office and soon enough 10 turned into 50 sold out concerts .
Randy Phillips , the president and chief executive of AEG Live estimates that Michael will make 50 million pounds from the first 10 shows alone .
This will be perhaps the largest residency ever .
The O2 Arena dwarfs Caesars Palace 's Coliseum 20,000 to 4,500 .
That means that Michael Jackson will be postponing his retirement for a year to play before one million people .
The sheer number of people who are planning to see him play makes this the concert series of the decade .
Appropriately named This Is
It , the series will be the performer 's first and last major string of performances since HIStory in 1997 .
It will also easily help cover the debts he incurred that forced him to give up Neverland Ranch and give him a chance to buy back his possessions after suing to stop them from going on the auction block .
Jackson will be reclaiming a lot more than just his property once this concert series begins on July 8 , 2009 .
He will be taking back his legacy that had been marred by child molestation allegations , dubious choices as a parent , and squandering his fortune on the absurd .
Perhaps this is the best way for the King of Pop to go out , as a performer dancing and singing on stage .
Reminding us that he once the star of the Jackson 5 and dominated the pop world in the 1980s .
Making everyone forget the difficulty he has seemingly had connecting with people in reality , outside the confines of his ranch .
Along the way he is expected to have surprise opening acts .
The rumors are ready to start flying as to who will step forward to be apart of this historic series of shows .
Will U2 be able to take a break from their already busy 2009 - 2010 schedule ?
Will pop acts like Madonna or Britney Spears want to attach themselves to a legend or will they refuse to give up the spotlight .
The biggest stars in music are sure to make their way out to London , either to sit in the audience or perform on stage and pay homage to the King of Pop .
Jason Webley is a Seattle - born singer - songwriter known for playing a mix of gypsy , folk , and punk .
He has released five albums on his own label , Eleven Records .
These feature Webley on the piano , guitar , accordion , and a number of other instruments , though when touring he only brings his guitar , accordion , and a vodka bottle containing coins from around the world , which he uses for percussion .
In addition , he has released five collaborative albums , one with Seattle poet Jay Thompson , another with Michigan singer - songwriter Andru Bemis , the third with Reverend Peyton of The Revere …
It is just your nasty mind .
Rated : 9.33/10 | | Votes : 3 | | Views : 9,453 | | Submitted : 03/05/2009 | Add Media to Myspace , Hi5 , Friendster , Blogspot , Facebook .
Link To :
There has been a dramatic upswing in the number of Los Angeles County sheriff ’s deputies arrested for alcohol - related offenses in recent years , suggesting a growing drinking problem within the department , a county watchdog agency reported Wednesday .
Last year , 70 sworn and civilian employees of the Sheriff ’s Department were arrested .
The majority of those arrests involved employees driving off - duty while under the influence of alcohol , according to an annual report produced by the county Office of Independent Review .
In many cases , drunk deputies were carrying firearms at the time of their arrests .
Michael Gennaco , the head of the office , said alcohol - related arrests have nearly tripled since 2004 .
Alcohol - related incidents in 2009 are at the same pace as last year , he said .
In one case last year , an off - duty deputy who drank heavily at a New Year ’s party inadvertently shot his cousin in the lower abdomen while showing off his new holster .
Advertisement
“ From one point of view , this incident was a fluke , an accident that could have been much worse if the bullet had struck a vital area , ” Gennaco wrote in his report .
“ But the investigation of the incident made it clear that the event would likely not have happened if either the deputy had not been intoxicated or he had not had his firearm on him . ”
As a result of that incident , Sheriff Lee Baca sought to implement one of the nation ’s toughest policies barring deputies from carrying firearms while under the influence of alcohol .
The unions have opposed the policy , saying that it would endanger deputies .
The matter is now with the county ’s employee relations commission .
Gennaco ’s report also cited two cases in which deputies drew their guns after coming out of bars .
In one case , a deputy followed a bar hostess to her car , flashed his badge , told her he ’d “ like to molest her ” and kissed her on the neck .
He displayed his handgun before kissing her again , according to the report .
The deputy pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor charge of disturbing the peace and was suspended for 15 days , the report said .
In the other case , an intoxicated deputy got into an argument with bar patrons and waved his handgun to prove he was an officer , the report stated .
That deputy received a “ significant suspension , ” according to the report .
Advertisement
Gennaco said the department , which in the past had been reluctant to talk about alcohol abuse with its employees , has recently taken steps to educate them about the problem .
For example , Undersheriff Larry Waldie now e-mails employees , describing the conduct of deputies involved in alcohol - related arrests , Gennaco said .
In one e-mail , Waldie revealed that a nine - year veteran was arrested for driving under the influence after being involved in a traffic collision .
The deputy went into a “ long tirade of verbal abuse and profanity toward police officers , ” Waldie said .
The deputy ’s companion , who was also a deputy , was arrested for being drunk in public .
That deputy was vomiting at the scene and paramedics feared he had alcohol poisoning , according to the report .
In the past , Gennaco said , officers may have overlooked the transgressions of a colleague who drank too much and got into trouble .
But today , law enforcement attitudes toward excessive drinking have changed , he said .
“ The era of professional courtesy is over .
In the old days officers from other departments would stop a drunk deputy ’s car and as courtesy drive them home .
That has gone away , and I am not sure all deputies understand that , ” he said .
“ In a lot of cases the stopping officer now reports the deputy is angry they are not being given special treatment . ”
Advertisement
Baca acknowledged Wednesday that the number of alcohol - related arrests indicated that some deputies have a drinking problem .
“ This is a personal failure that has public consequences , ” Baca said .
“ I do n’t know how they can look anyone from Mothers Against Drunk Driving in the face . ”
Gennaco ’s report praised the department for improving its policies on the use of stun guns and on removing an unruly inmate from a jail cell .
The reforms followed a February 2007 incident in which a deputy stunned an inmate who was standing on top of a bunk bed in his cell .
The inmate fell to the floor and was left paralyzed from the chest down .
Gennaco ’s report , however , expressed concern that deputies in field assignments were being transferred to work in the jails as a punishment for misconduct .
Advertisement
--
richard.winton@latimes.com
From : Rudi Affolter and Gwen Tighe have both experienced strong religious visions .
He is an atheist ; she a Christian .
He thought he had died ; she thought she had given birth to Jesus .
Both have temporal lobe epilepsy .
Like other forms of epilepsy , the condition causes fitting but it is also associated with religious hallucinations .
Research into why people like Rudi and Gwen saw what they did has opened up a whole field of brain science : neurotheology .
The connection between the temporal lobes of the brain and religious feeling has led one Canadian scientist to try stimulating them .
( They are near your ears . ) 80 % of Dr Michael Persinger 's experimental subjects report that an artificial magnetic field focused on those brain areas gives them a feeling of ' not being alone ' .
Some of them describe it as a religious sensation .
His work raises the prospect that we are programmed to believe in god , that faith is a mental ability humans have developed or been given .
And temporal lobe epilepsy ( TLE ) could help unlock the mystery .
Religious leadersHistory is full of charismatic religious figures .
Could any of them have been epileptics ?
The visions seen by Bible characters like Moses or Saint Paul are consistent with Rudi's and Gwen's , but there is no way to diagnose TLE in people who lived so long ago .
There are , though , more recent examples , like one of the founders of the Seventh Day Adventist Movement , Ellen White .
Born in 1827 , she suffered a brain injury aged 9 that totally changed her personality .
She also began to have powerful religious visions .
Representatives of the Movement doubt that Ellen White suffered from TLE , saying her injury and visions are inconsistent with the condition , but neurologist Gregory Holmes believes this explains her condition .-------------------------------------------From:Based on observations of the condition , radical theologians and neuroscientists have noted a strong possibility that some charismatic religious forefathers , such as Moses , St. Paul and Mohammad were sufferers of temporal lobe epilepsy .
This is due to the fact that reports of their behaviour appear to match closely with those of temporal lobe epilepsy sufferers .
Mohammad , as myth states , first encountered the Angel Gabriel after being ‘ roused ’ from sleep , and was recorded as often entering into prophetic trance after losing consciousness .
St. Paul ’s hyper religiousity can be traced through life , first as a Zealot , through the Damascus transfiguration and into extensive evangelisation ( Romans - Thessalonians ) .
Moses , dramatically appeared to have suffered ‘ Kulver - Bucy ’ syndrome ( intense sexual and deviant desire associated with temporal lobe epilepsy ) along with hyper religiousity and exaggerated aggression .
However , as these characters existed more than 2,000 years ago , and with no testable evidence remaining , one can only speculate as to the extent of their conditions .
Claim : The Food Safety Modernization
Act of 2009 would eliminate home gardens and put organic farmers out of business .
MOSTLY FALSE
Examples : [ Collected via e-mail , March 2009 ]
Hello friends and fellow citizens , Hello friends and fellow citizens , BEWARE THE FOOD POLICE !
HR 875/S425 IT WOULD NATIONALIZE FARMING - DESTROY ORGANICS - EVEN ATTACK YOUR PRIVATE
GARDEN !
I just stumbled on some pretty disturbing legislation coming out of the Congress of the United States .
The bill is HR 875 and it ’s labeled as the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2009 .
At first glance it did n’t seem like much .
However , there are several , including exposing some pretty scary legislation enclosed in the bill .
In the midst of the financial crisis , it seems that these initiatives are sliding in under the radar .
Many people are not even aware of them –
It is imperative that you look into this immediately and with extreme scrutiny as our heath and well - being are threatened !!!
If this bill passes , you can say goodbye to organic produce , your Local Farmer ’s market and very possibly , the GARDEN IN YOUR OWN BACKYARD !!!!!
Things we are finding in the bill :
* Effectively criminalizes organic farming but does n’t actually use the word organic .
* Effects anyone growing food even if they are not selling it but consuming it .
* Effects anyone producing meat of any kind including wild game .
* Requires organic farms to use specific fertilizers and poisonous insect sprays dictated by the newly formed agency to ‘ make sure there is no danger to the public food supply . ’
* Legislation is so broad based that every aspect of growing or producing food can be made illegal .
There are no specifics which is bizarre considering how long the legislation is .
* Section 103 is almost entirely about the administrative aspect of the legislation .
It will allow the appointing of officials from the factory farming corporations and lobbyists and classify them as experts and allow them to determine and interpret the legislation .
Who do you think they are going to side with ?
* Section 206 defines what will be considered a food production facility and what will be enforced up all food production facilities .
The wording is so broad based that a backyard gardener could be fined and more .
* Section 207 requires that the state ’s agriculture dept act as the food police and enforce the federal requirements .
This takes away the states power and is in violation of the 10th amendment .
The bill is monstrous on level after level – the power it would give to Monsanto , the criminalization of seed banking , the prison terms and confiscatory fines for farmers , the 24 hours GPS tracking of their animals , the easements on their property to allow for warrantless government entry , the stripping away of their property rights , the imposition by the filthy , greedy industrial side of anti-farming international “ industrial ” standards to independent farms – the only part of our food system that still works , the planned elimination of farmers through all these means .
I encourage you to look into this immediately and help remove this bizarre piece of legislation .
Many small farmers and organic food activists are claiming that if H.R. 875 is passed , it will mean the end of organic farming in the United States .
H.R. 875 was introduced by Democrat Rosa DeLauro in February .
Her introduction of this bill represents a stunning conflict of interest , because her husband , Stanley Greenburg , works for Monsanto .
Monsanto is the world ’s biggest producer of herbicides and genetically engineered seeds , and they would GREATLY benefit if thousands of small organic farmers were put out of business , because organic farmers do n’t use Monsanto products .
H.R. 875 is called the Food Safety Modernization
Act of 2009 and you can find the full text of the bill here : http://www.govtrack.us/congress/billtext.xpd?bill=h111-875
This horrific bill would establish a “ Food Safety Administration ” within the Department of Health and Human Services .
The mandate of this new department would be “ to protect the public health by preventing food - borne illness , ensuring the safety of food , improving research on contaminants leading to food - borne illness , and improving security of food from intentional contamination , and for other purposes . ”
Section 3 of H.R. 875 defines what type of establishments would be subject to the regulations in this legislation .
It that section , a “ food production facility ” is defined this way :
The term ‘ food production facility ’ means any farm , ranch , orchard , vineyard , aquaculture facility , or confined animal - feeding operation .
So that would include …..
* All organic farms
* All small farms
* All family farms
* Even small family gardens if you sell any produce to your neighbor at all If you read this bill , you will see that it gives the government the power to regulate what is “ safe ” farming , and therefore if organic farmers are not using enough herbicide on their plants to be “ safe ” or they are n’t following the same “ quality control ” procedures as the big guys they could be instantly put out of business .
In addition , it loads small farmers with massive amounts of paperwork and administrative burdens that the big corporations can handle but they can’t .
That is how you put a horde of small competitors out of business – you get the government to pile on the rules and burdens and regulations until they collapse .
That is why Monsanto desperately wants this bill .
They hate the small farmers and they want to take them out of the picture .
If you care about organic farming , please call Congress and tell them to stop this horrible bill .
Origins :
In response to a number of serious food contamination incidents ( such as the salmonella outbreak linked to peanuts ) that raised concerns about the safety of the U.S. food supply , in February 2009 Rep. Rosa L. DeLauro of Connecticut introduced to Congress HR 875 , the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2009 .
That bill was never voted upon , but in June 2009 Rep.
Betty Sutton of Ohio introduced the similar HR 2751 , the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act , which was passed by the House on 9 June 2009 .
The Senate passed ( with changes ) its version of bill , S510 , on 30 November 2010 .
The main purpose of the original bill was to establish a Food Safety Administration ( FSA ) within the Department of Health and Human Services “ to protect the public health by preventing food - borne illness , ensuring the safety of food , improving research on contaminants leading to food - borne illness , and improving security of food from intentional contamination . ”
“ This salmonella outbreak represents the full - scale breakdown of a patchwork food safety system .
And it should act as the final wake up call , ” said DeLauro .
“ That is why , today , I am introducing the Food Safety Modernization
Act to separate food safety regulation from drug and device approvals and to restore the balance that has long been missing at Health and Human Service .
“ This salmonella outbreak represents the full - scale breakdown of a patchwork food safety system .
And it should act as the final wake up call , ” said DeLauro .
“ That is why , today , I am introducing the Food Safety Modernization
Act to separate food safety regulation from drug and device approvals and to restore the balance that has long been missing at Health and Human Service .
Under the proposal , FDA would be split into an agency responsible for food safety ( the Food Safety Administration ) and another responsible for regulation of drugs and devices .
This move creates an agency solely focused on protecting the public through better regulation of the food supply .
The Food Safety Modernization
Act would establish a farm - to - fork system for protecting foods that are currently regulated by FDA , which has jurisdiction over 80 percent of the food supply .
The announcement of HR 875 spawned a number of Internet - circulated pieces warning about the dire results citizens would face should be the bill pass , most of them repeating exaggerated claims unwarranted by anything stated within the text of the bill itself .
One oft - repeated claim is that Rep. DeLauro ’s husband , Stanley Greenberg , works for the agricultural giant Monsanto corporation , and therefore Rep. DeLauro has a substantial financial interest in the passage of HR 875 , a substantial conflict of interest .
This information is false .
Stanley Greenberg is not a Monsanto employee ; he ’s the chairman and CEO of Greenberg - Quinlan Research Inc. , a public issues research and polling firm which , as the Las Vegas Review - Journal noted in a clarification , has n’t had any business dealings with Monsanto for over a decade :
An editorial in the Las Vegas Review - Journal stated Stanley Greenberg , husband of Connecticut Democratic Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro , who has proposed legislation imposing new mandates on food producers , “ is a leading Democratic political strategist and consultant with clients including pesticide and fertilizer giant Monsanto . ”
Both DeLauro ’s office and a spokesman for Greenberg ’s firm said that Monsanto has not been a client of Greenberg ’s for more than 10 years .
As for some of the other claims about HR 875 stated in the pieces quoted above :
Effects anyone growing food even if they are not selling it but consuming it .
The bill defines the term “ food production facility ” to be “ any farm , ranch , orchard , vineyard , aquaculture facility , or confined animal - feeding operation . ”
It ’s something of a stretch to interpret that definition as applying to persons who maintain home - based vegetable gardens or otherwise grow small amounts of food for personal consumption .
Requires organic farms to use specific fertilizers and poisonous insect sprays dictated by the newly formed agency to ‘ make sure there is no danger to the public food supply . ’
No language in HR 875 mandates that farms ( organic or otherwise ) use of any particular fertilizer or pesticide , or requires the use of either of those products in general .
The bill merely calls upon the FSA to establish regulations regarding “ minimum standards related to fertilizer use . ”
The power it would give to Monsanto , the criminalization of seed banking , the 24 hours GPS tracking of their animals
No language in HR 875 addresses seed banking or requires GPS tracking of animals .
Many of these same points are addressed in Rep. DeLauro ’s Myths and Facts sheet for HR 875 :
MYTH : H.R. 875 “ makes it illegal to grow your own garden ” and would result in the ” criminalization of the backyard gardener . ”
MYTH : H.R. 875 “ makes it illegal to grow your own garden ” and would result in the ” criminalization of the backyard gardener . ”
FACT : There is no language in the bill that would regulate , penalize , or shut down backyard gardens .
The focus of the bill is to ensure the safety of food in interstate commerce .
MYTH : H.R. 875 would mean a “ goodbye to farmers markets ” because it would regulate and penalize “ each farmer who wishes to sell locally . ”
FACT : There is no language in the bill that would result in farmers markets being regulated , penalized by any fines , or shut down .
Farmers markets would be able to continue to flourish under the bill .
In fact , the bill would insist that imported foods meet strict safety standards to ensure that unsafe imported foods are not competing with locally - grown foods .
MYTH : H.R. 875 would result in the “ death of organic farming ” or “ mandate the use of chemicals or certain types of seeds on organic farms . ”
FACT : There is no language in the bill that would stop or interfere with organic farming .
The National Organic Program ( NOP ) is under the jurisdiction of the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) .
The Food Safety Modernization
Act only addresses food safety issues under the jurisdiction of the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) .
MYTH : H.R. 875 would implement a national animal ID system ( NAIS ) .
FACT : There is no language in the bill that would implement NAIS , which is under the jurisdiction of the USDA .
H.R. 875 addresses issues under the jurisdiction of the FDA .
Certainly the provisions of HR 875 are subject to legitimate debate over how effective the bill would be at improving and ensuring the safety of America ’s food supply and whether they would place undue financial and regulatory burdens on smaller farms and businesses that primarily engage in the local production and sale of food items , but those concerns are n’t being effectively addressed through the circulation of unwarranted claims similar to those cited above .
Sources such as the Farm - to - Consumer Legal Defense Fund are better starting points for grasping some of the issues regarding how HR 875 might affect small farmers .
Last updated : 23 December 2010
Sources :
Obama delivers fiery speech to Democrats on stimulus RAW STORY
Published : Thursday February 5 , 2009
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( AFP )  President Barack Obama has fired a biting campaign - style attack on Republicans and the former Bush administration , seeking to drive his 900 billion dollar stimulus plan through Congress .
As a debate in the Senate raced to a tense climax , the president rejected Republican complaints the package was too large and lacks sufficient tax cuts , seeking to turn his election win last November into political dominance .
He took his debut flight as president on Air Force One to a retreat of Democratic House of Representatives members in Virginia , and delivered the most combative and partisan speech since taking office last month .
In searing attacks on Republicans , Obama said Americans had not voted for " false theories of the past and they did n't vote for phony arguments and petty politics . "
" They did n't vote for the status quo , they sent us here to bring change .
We owe it to them to deliver , " a fired up Obama said at a resort in Williamsburg , Virginia .
" This is the moment for leadership that matches the great test of our times . "
The president also rejected Republican arguments that the massive stimulus plan should be defeated because it will expand the budget deficit , which is already heading for more than one trillion dollars .
" I found this deficit when I showed up , " Obama said , in a clear swipe at the administration of former president George W. Bush .
" I found this a national debt double wrapped in a big bow waiting for me as I stepped into the Oval Office , " he said .
Obama also Thursday set a date for a primetime news conference on Monday night , the first of his presidency .
Earlier the president told lawmakers the " time for talk is over , " with dismal unemployment figures released on Thursday and more expected Friday , reflecting the depth of the worst economic crisis since the 1930s .
" These numbers that we are seeing are sending an unmistakable message , and so are the American people , " Obama said , as senators haggled over the details of the bill , which combines tax cuts and infrastructure spending , in an increasingly ill - tempered debate .
" The time for talk is over , the time for action is now because we know that if we do not act , a bad situation will become dramatically worse , " Obama said .
Once the Senate has voted , both chambers of Congress will have to agree and vote on a joint package , before sending it to the president 's desk to be signed into law .
The bill passed the House last week -- but without a single Republican vote , scuppering Obama 's plan for a bipartisan bill after the opposition party complained it was shut out of the process .
New government figures Thursday showed US jobless claims soared to their highest level since October 1982 , with more US workers on the unemployment rolls than at any time since the data were first published in 1967 .
Illinois Senator Richard Durbin , a key ally of the president , blamed Republicans for the acrimony fomenting around the plan on Capitol Hill , but said he was not worried early setbacks would taint his friend 's young presidency .
" Nobody said it would be easy , " he told reporters .
" As the president said , old habits are hard to break , and if we 're going change the environment , the climate and the attitude in this town , we 're going to have to be patient and go through some rocky periods . "
This video is from CNN's Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull , broadcast Feb. 5 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
With wire reports .
A growing number of banks are raising credit card fees or rolling out new fees to offset record delinquencies and rising charge - offs .
Wells Fargo ( WFC ) has increased late fees and cash - advance fees .
Chase ( JPM ) has put a $ 120 yearly fee on some cards with low interest rates .
And American Express ( AXP ) raised its late fee for some business cards .
Higher fees " are a recognition of risk going up , " says Robert Hammer , chairman of industry consultant R.K. Hammer .
Banks " are not going to watch their costs go up and take no action , " he says .
Overall , issuers will reap a record $ 20.5 billion in penalty fees in 2009 , Hammer estimates .
Last year , penalty fee income , including late and over - limit fees , rose 5 % to $ 19 billion .
In recent months , many issuers have raised interest rates for borrowers even as the Federal Reserve has cut rates .
They 're doing so ahead of a federal regulation that takes effect next year , curtailing their ability to raise rates on existing credit card debt , says Bill Hardekopf , CEO of LowCards.com .
Fees are another " mechanism " to combat rising defaults as the economy spirals downward , says Kevin Duignan , managing director at Fitch Ratings .
" The unemployment outlook is dreary , there 's been a tremendous loss of personal wealth , and the housing situation has forced many consumers to take a hit , " he says .
At the end of 2008 , 5.6 % of credit card accounts were at least 30 days late , the highest since the Federal Reserve began tracking this data in 1991 .
Credit card charge - offs , at 6.3 % , are at the highest since the first quarter of 2002 .
Charge - offs and delinquencies are likely to rise for at least another year , Fitch says .
This year , AmEx raised its late fees for some holders of its corporate charge cards , which have to be paid off each month .
Borrowers 45 days late will be hit with a $ 39 fee , up from $ 29 .
For each month the balance remains delinquent after that , AmEx will charge $ 39 , or 2.99 % of the balance , whichever is higher .
At Wells Fargo , many consumers who withdraw cash from their credit cards inside a bank branch will now be charged $ 20 instead of $ 10 , and the fee at the ATM will double to $ 10 .
Some late fees are also going up , says spokeswoman Lisa Westermann , as the bank seeks to " manage risk in this difficult credit environment . "
In January , Chase imposed a $ 10 - a - month fee on roughly 400,000 borrowers it says carried a large balance for more than two years and made little progress paying it off .
Their minimum payments were raised to 5 % of the balance from 2 % .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday rebuffed U.S. calls for a full settlement freeze in the occupied West Bank and vowed not to accept limits on building of Jewish enclaves within Jerusalem .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is pictured during a meeting with members of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington , May 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
Netanyahu ’s defiant stance set the stage for a possible showdown with President Barack Obama , who , in talks with the new Israeli prime minister in Washington last week , pressed for a halt to all settlement activity , including natural growth , as called for under a long - stalled peace “ road map . ”
“ The demand for a total stop to building is not something that can be justified and I do n’t think that anyone here at this table accepts it , ” Netanyahu told his cabinet , referring to Jewish settlements in the West Bank , according to an official .
Netanyahu said Israel had no plans to set up any new West Bank settlements .
But he told Obama , according to the official , that his government “ does not accept limitations on building ” within what Israel defines as its capital , the Jerusalem municipality , an area that includes Arab East Jerusalem and parts of the West Bank captured in a 1967 Middle East war .
Palestinians want their own state in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip with its capital in Jerusalem .
Settlement building in the city is a particularly sensitive issue for both sides .
“ What we are interested in seeing is that Israel should implement its obligations under the road map , which includes halting settlement activity and expansion in all its forms , ” Public Works and Housing Minister Mohammed Shatayyeh said .
He added that if Israel wanted to show it was serious about peace talks with the Palestinians it should stop providing utilities to settlements and deny them state funding .
Netanyahu ’s comments reaffirmed a position he took in his bid for the premiership in a February election .
By natural growth , Israel refers to construction within the boundaries of existing settlements to accommodate growing families .
Obama was expected to prod Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to resume long - stalled peace talks during a major speech in Cairo early next month .
Abbas has ruled out restarting those talks until Netanyahu , whose right - leaning government took office on March 31 , commits to a two - state solution and halts settlement expansion .
Obama has surprised Israel with his activism on the settlement issue , but it is unclear how much pressure he will put on Netanyahu to freeze construction entirely , Israeli and Western officials said .
Former President George W. Bush called for a freeze but building continued largely unchecked , Israeli anti-settlement advocacy groups say .
Half a million Jews live in settlement blocs and smaller outposts built in the West Bank and Arab East Jerusalem , all territory captured by Israel in the 1967 Middle East War .
The World Court says all are illegal .
The United States and European Union regard them as obstacles to peace .
Palestinians see the settlements as a land grab meant to deny them a state in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip .
PEACE TALKS
Mark Regev , a spokesman for Netanyahu , said the fate of existing settlements should be decided in negotiations with the Palestinians .
“ In the interim period , we have to allow normal life in those communities to continue , ” he said .
Netanyahu has so far balked at committing to talks with the Palestinians on territorial issues , including settlements .
A senior Israeli official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said Netanyahu ’s government hoped to sidestep U.S. pressure by committing to uproot smaller hilltop outposts built without official authorization , a step also set by the road map .
“ Moving on outposts is relatively easy ” compared to freezing the growth of larger settlements , which Israel wants to keep as part of any future peace deal , the Israeli official said .
Last week , Israel flattened a small outpost near the Palestinian city of Ramallah , but residents returned to rebuild .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak told reporters that Israel would remove more than 20 other outposts , either through negotiations or with force , but gave no timeline .
( Additional reporting by Ari Rabinovitch and Allyn Fisher - Ilan in Jerusalem and Mohammed Assadi in Ramallah ; editing by Myra MacDonald )
Perhaps a NOTCOT first ~ scanning my junk mail ?
But flipping through this Trader Joe ’s mailer was hilarious , you could just imagine how much fun the lucky designers were having as they put this together !
The octopus on the cover is just priceless , and hilarity continues within as well !
Take a peek at some of my favorite pages … on the next page !
p.s .
Just found the pdfs of the Culinary Compendiums are online !
Check out my socal one here .
As industry groups continue to squabble over how to reduce the risks of emergency medical helicopter flights , a safety study commissioned by Textron Inc. 's Bell Helicopter is pitting industry factions against one another , forcing Bell to distance itself from the conclusions to avoid antagonizing some corporate customers .
The study , which will be released Monday , is being described by aviation safety experts as the most comprehensive report ever about enhancing safety for patients and crews alike .
Prepared ...
That " stupid " thing is absolutely normal ... only free Linux machines are clean from backdoors , even from NSA backdoors ... and only if you are n't using nsa selinux encryption algorythm .
For the rest , all of the operating systems produced by a software house such as Microsoft , Novell or other are backdoored by NSA .
Motorola SinergyOS is even backdoored by NSA , and SinergyOS is a simple OS for simple Motorola phones ( you can find it on all phones , starting from the old T720 i ... except a few linux and windows mobile phones .. even backdoored ) .
But all the world is backdoored from NSA .
Not only Motorola ... that was only an example ..
You 're simply in the hands of your government .... and in the hands of HACKERS .
For those , like me , who have only a very casual understanding of the notorious /b/ message board , mostly information learned from more tech - savvy friends ( you know , the kind who majored in computer science and now work IT jobs and talk about Perl Scripting and shit like that ) , spending more than a couple minutes on the site can be completely disorienting .
If you 've never heard of /b / at all , let 's do a little Internet - 101 rundown : /b/ is the " random " message board on the site 4 chan , a popular imageboard and discussion site .
Anything posted on / b/ , comments and all , is automatically deleted after 24 hours , and the content is randomly cycled ( something you saw on Page 2 may come back up on Page 5 , there 's no order ) .
Rickrolling , LOLcats , pedobear , chocolate rain , all had their start on /b/.
There are only a few rules : users most confirm they are 18 + , users cannot post child pornography ( a rule that is mostly a joke among / b/ users ) , and users cannot hack or take over other websites .
This last rule was adopted in late 2006 , after many /b/- ers spent most of that summer on the Habbo Hotel website , a popular social networking site where users create avatars and interact with other users in an online hotel ( think of it as Second Life with Nintendo - era graphics ) .
/b/ users , all with avatars that looked more than a little like Samuel L. Jackson in Pulp Fiction , took over and shut down the pool at Habbo Hotel .
I 'll let the Encyclopedia Dramatica ( the Wikipedia - style online encyclopedia for users of /b/ and other cult message boards ) explain their reasons : " The site itself is made of rooms in a ' hotel ' in which ' people ' make avatars that can interact with each other .
People sometimes go completely straight bonkers and think this website is completely real , forming meaningless ' relationships ' to feel as though they are loved , have digital lifeless idiot ' friendz ' to fill their IRL [ In Real Life ] social void , and create such hollow groups as defenseless armies , Harry Potter Sex Castles , Hospitals for the Terminally Stupid , and ' Sexy Nite Clubz ' .
These ' Sexy Nite Clubz ' are places where the most pathetic of the Habbos are known to exist , where inside they have hawt Online Sex and kill each other .
In the end , everything this website contains and stands for is just asking to be raided . "
According to the Encyclopedia Dramatica , /b/ is " more commonly known as the asshole of the Internets . "
Some come only to troll for porn , others are devoted hackers .
You 'll find all types : " It is populated by pedophiles , furries , otaku , wapanese , Azns , WoWers , otherkin , Trent Reznor , probably Will Smith , and recently gentlemen .
Also ,
God has been known to lurk /b/ for hopes of landing some hawt Baby Fuck .
All these fags are called / b/ tards . "
4 chan's /b/ is only the most well known .
Other message boards have their own versions : 420 chan , 7 chan , 888 chan , and on and on .
None of the various users of these /b/ sites particularly get along .
If it all sounds a little childish , well , it is , but you 're missing the point .
As the internet turns toward more and more regulation , /b/ boards are the Wild West , and " / b/ tards " the outlaws .
Those fully committed to hacking and trolling all take the name Anonymous .
Usually they do things , as they say , " for the lulz " - random internet pranks done for amusement .
A " catch - all explanation for ... any internet drama you cause , " according to the Encyclopedia Dramatica .
But as of late Anonymous is more and more organized .
The Sarah Palin email hack at the end of the 2008 campaign — that was Anonymous .
Same with the “ Steve Jobs is dead ” hoax that went around a few months ago , and the recent Time magazine poll hack .
They 've earned renown for Project Chanology , an ongoing protest against the Church of Scientology begun when the Church started taking down articles and videos defamatory of their " religion . "
And maybe you saw the Fox News investigative report :
So what 's this all coming to ?
Well , hard to say .
But things are heating up .
The recent guilty verdict against the founders of the file sharing site Pirate Bay was n't taken to very kindly .
Hackers are taking down Music industry websites , and going after the lawyers involved in the prosecution .
As one admin of anonnet.org ( a forum for various Anonymous hackers ) told The Register , " They want to get the message across that the IFPI can not mess with the internet and that the internet is serious business ...
This is very much like the Scientology thing started more than a year ago now . "
In an interview with three Anons for the L.A. Weekly , Alexis Tsotsis writes , " The guys estimate that the movement has more than a million members , all posting as Anonymous — 888 chan.org gets from 500 to 600 hits daily .
Solar [ one Anon ] says that the group pulls off an average of three raids a day , though few make it onto our radar .
In its most idyllic manifestation ( the one that is presented to me ) , the Anonymous movement is a Darwinism of ideas , where the collective Zeitgeist takes precedence ...
It occurs to me that this loosely affiliated collective of individuals is the new New Romantics , or who Norman Spinrad called ' Neuromantics ' and described as , ' a fusion of the romantic impulse with science and technology ' — tech aesthetes with a zealous respect for the untamed nature of the Internet . "
Or , as one of the Anons tells her , " Let ’s start getting things done instead of looking for porn . "
Well , things are starting to get done .
And it 's fast turning into a war .
The shocking video of Ian Tomlinson being attacked last week has led to a general concern about the police 's oppressive tactics and lack of respect for rights .
People as far apart politically as Peter Hitchens and Vince Cable , both of whom have had direct experience of policing in London , have recently expressed fears that New Labour 's laws are creating a gulf between police and public , and that our right to protest has been severely curtailed .
Last week I heard about another case of intimidation by police .
It is unexceptional , which is what makes it so disturbing .
It involves a young filmmaker , Gemma Atkinson , who was travelling on the underground with her boyfriend Fred Grace a few weeks ago .
Atkinson told me that Grace was stopped at a train station , having been singled out before he passed through the barriers by a WPC .
Atkinson says she was told to stand back while Grace was searched – he was told for drugs .
She takes up the story :
After five minutes , I wandered through the station and filmed with my mobile phone the policemen and the sniffer dog and the men searching Fred while pretending to text .
An officer approached me and asked me whether I knew if it was an offense to photograph the police .
I said I did n't know .
I held my phone up so that he could see the home screen on it .
He tried to take it from me .
I pulled it back .
He held my arm while trying to twist my body round to get the phone out of my right hand .
I asked him to stop touching me and he continued .
I managed to put my phone in my right - hand jacket pocket .
He gripped me harder and was tying to pull me towards him so that he could have access to my right pocket .
I asked him again to get off me and that he was hurting me .
He stopped trying to get into my pocket but kept my left arm in a very firm two - hand grip .
He turned to two women who were stood close by and explained that I had been filming with my phone , that it was illegal and that he 's trying to get my phone , which is in my right jacket pocket .
One of the women grabbed my right arm and the other went for my pocket .
( It 's possible that the plainclothed woman flashed a badge in my face first and said " we 're officers " before they launched their attack on me ) .
I swung around and pushed my self against the wall so that they had no access to my pocket and pulled myself down so that I was crouching on the floor in the corner of the walls .
The three of them wrestled with me , pulling me and yanking me so that the other could get into my pocket .
I pulled myself down on the ground trying to protect myself with my knees up at my chest but they just kept yanking me back up .
" The male officer told me that it was the law that I should give him my phone .
I told him it was n't the law and they had no right to take my possessions and they were already in breach of my civil liberties .
He said that he would arrest me if I did n't hand over my phone .
Atkinson says that one of her hands was handcuffed while the male officer held onto her left arm .
She goes on :
I went limp when they were n't trying to get into my pocket but both the male and female officer continued with very firm grips in full knowledge that they were causing me harm .
I told them on a number of occasions that they were hurting me but they said that I 'd brought it onto myself .
I kept asking what I had done wrong to be treated like this and they said they were just doing their job .
One officer said that he takes terrorism very seriously , that his friend died in 1983 from an IRA bomb .
Later another one said they 'd arrest me on " obstructing police work " .
I said , " I 'm not , I was on my way home , my boyfriend got stopped and searched and I was waiting for him and now I 'm cuffed and being threatened with arrest . "
There were five of them on me at that time so I told them that I was one woman doing nothing wrong , I was not obstructing them from doing police work , they had chosen to do this .
Atkinson told me that the situation continued for a few minutes , during which time one of the police officers told her that her boyfriend had been arrested for possession , which Atkinson says is n't true .
She also said that the other officers behaved in a menacing way , shouting in her face and threatening arrest .
Eventually Atkinson was let go and , she says , tried to get the name of the officers involved .
She told me that only a uniformed woman police officer would give Atkinson her name .
Some will say that this young woman , who is slight , was pushing her luck , but actually it sounds like she was standing up for her rights , which few people know and therefore do not defend .
The Home Office has clarified new terrors laws concerning photography for liberty central and from what Atkinson has told me it seems clear that she was perfectly within her right to use a camera .
" Taking photographs of police officers will not ( except in very exceptional circumstances ) be caught by this new offence .
The new offence is intended to help protect those in the front line of our counter - terrorism operations from terrorist attack .
" For an offence to be committed there would have to be a reasonable suspicion that the photograph was intended to be used to provide practical assistance to terrorists . "
In any case Atkinson claims that she and her boyfriend were told that the police were searching for drugs .
What is important is that the physical treatment she received appeared to be unjustified .
The police had no right to demand her phone or any of her details .
The law requires them to give their names , the police station they come from and tell people why they are being stopped .
Atkinson said that none of this happened , and she has lodged a formal complaint .
The more general point is the failure of the police to respect the rights of innocent people , whether they happen to be caught up in a protest , legitimately demonstrating or legally using a camera .
The disturbing treatment of a young woman in a tube station is no different from approaching a man from behind and pushing him aggressively to the ground .
The behaviour comes from the same hostile attitude to the public that seems to be common among undertrained , young police officers .
I would certainly be interested in hearing of more cases along these lines .
The battle to make the police understand and respect our rights is not one we can afford to lose .
Holy Moly !
PBS to boot affiliates that air religious programs ?
PBS likes religion about us much as Barack Obama likes auto executives .
A committee has recommended that PBS boot any affiliate stations that air “ sectarian ” programming .
The bottom line : Broadcast any religious programming and you ’ll lose every PBS program .
Sesame Street .
The NewsHour . Nova .
The Nightly Business Report .
Everything .
Believe it or not , PBS has a fairness - and - balance policy , instituted twenty - four years ago , that says affiliates must be noncommercial , nonpartisan , and nonsectarian .
For example , WHUT has notified the Archdiocese of Washington that its “ Mass for Shut - Ins ” will be cancelled if the policy is approved .
Oddly enough , WHUT ’s general manager heads the committee that recommended the policy .
We ’d have to say that this is noncommercial , nonpartisan , nonsectarian nonsense .
Source : NewsBusters.com
WASHINGTON  The American International Group , which has received more than $ 170 billion in taxpayer bailout money from the Treasury and Federal Reserve , plans to pay about $ 165 million in bonuses by Sunday to executives in the same business unit that brought the company to the brink of collapse last year .
Word of the bonuses last week stirred such deep consternation inside the Obama administration that Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner told the firm they were unacceptable and demanded they be renegotiated , a senior administration official said .
But the bonuses will go forward because lawyers said the firm was contractually obligated to pay them .
The payments to A.I.G. ’s financial products unit are in addition to $ 121 million in previously scheduled bonuses for the company ’s senior executives and 6,400 employees across the sprawling corporation .
Mr. Geithner last week pressured A.I.G. to cut the $ 9.6 million going to the top 50 executives in half and tie the rest to performance .
The payment of so much money at a company at the heart of the financial collapse that sent the broader economy into a tailspin almost certainly will fuel a popular backlash against the government ’s efforts to prop up Wall Street .
Past bonuses already have prompted President Obama and Congress to impose tough rules on corporate executive compensation at firms bailed out with taxpayer money .
The progression of the nation 's first federal hate - crimes law -- the Local Law Enforcement Hate Crimes Prevention Act -- out of the House and into the Senate , where it will almost certainly pass ( barring a GOP filibuster ) , has the right - wing punditocracy in an uproar .
Especially Sean Hannity -- who 's now just flatly lying on the air about the bill , and about hate - crimes laws in general .
The distortion and demagoguery is making quite a spectacle .
The right - wing smear - and - lie machine has been getting cranked up to fight this bill from the outset , with notable contributions from the likes of Virginia Foxx .
But the champion liar / demagogue is Rep. Steve King of Iowa , who has been throwing up garbage amendments -- including a nonsensical attempt to include veterans under hate - crime provisions .
Of course , Hannity reported this attempt as something serious instead of the cheap grandstanding it was .
And the grandstanding continues with subsequent attempts to exclude pedophiles from bias - crime protection .
On Fox News last night , both Bill O'Reilly and Sean Hannity devoted segments to exploring King 's proposals to exclude pedophilia as a " protected class . "
There 's a big problem with this claim :
There 's nothing in either the federal legislation , or in any state law , that could credibly be construed as offering protection to pedophiles .
In fact , the entire construct -- that these laws create " protected classes " -- is false to begin with .
But King 's argument appears predicated on the notion that pedophilia might somehow legally qualify as a " sexual orientation " -- which is to say , it rests on the assumption that homosexuality is somehow akin to pedophilia .
Nonetheless , the hamhanded upshot of these cheap ploys is that Sean Hannity could get on the air and say :
HANNITY : Is it safe to say that Democrats were willing to protect pedophiles but not offer the same protection to servicemen and women ?
Is that an accurate statement ?
KING : Sean , it is a matter of congressional record .
Absolutely true -- beyond any doubt whatsoever .
Media Matters has the transcript :
HANNITY : Now , during last week 's debate on the hate crimes bill , Republicans proposed an amendment that would exempt pedophiles from receiving the protections of that bill that offers victims of hate crimes .
Now , the Democrats voted unanimously against the amendment .
Here 's what they said .
CLERK OF THE HOUSE : Mr. Scott votes no [...]
Ms. Lofgren votes no [...]
Mr. Cohen votes no [...]
Mr. Johnson votes no [...]
Mr. Pierluisi votes no [...]
Mr. Gutierrez votes no [...]
Mr. Sherman votes no [...]
Ms. Baldwin votes no [...]
Mr. Weiner votes no [...]
Mr. Maffei votes no [...]
Mr. Wexler votes no [...]
Ms. Waters -- HANNITY : Now , meanwhile , as we first reported on this program last week , one Democratic congresswoman denounced an idea that veterans should receive any sort of protections at all .
And joining me now to discuss what exactly unfolded is Congressman Steve King .
He sponsored the amendment that would have excluded pedophiles from this legislation .
Congressman , good to see you .
KING : Thanks , Sean .
It 's good to be with you tonight .
HANNITY : I want to be perfectly clear .
So hate -- we have a hate crimes bill , and you 're saying , all right , we should exempt pedophiles .
Every Democrat says no .
But when there is -- the sponsorship of the bill that would also include veterans that are victims of crimes because they 're veterans , Democrats -- they wanted them exempt but the pedophiles in .
Do I have that right ?
KING : You have it right , Sean .
They were wrong on both counts , obviously .
But you have it absolutely right .
And on the top of that , the amendment that I offered to exempt pedophiles from a special protected status was after Tammy Baldwin , one of the lead sponsors on the bill , had argued that the sexual orientation , special protective status in the bill , only covered heterosexuals and homosexuals , so that does n't include a pedophile .
But she opposed the amendment anyway , as did all the Democrats , as you just showed tonight .
HANNITY : All right , Congressman .
I got to slow down here , because I do n't think I got this right .
So the Democrats voted against special protected status to pedophiles in this bill .
KING : Yes .
HANNITY : But when they had a chance to offer special protected status to veterans returning from Iraq , Afghanistan , and other wars , they said no .
Tell me that I -- tell me that that did n't happen in Washington .
Tell me that I 'm really -- I got this whole thing messed up and backwards .
We 've debunked this nonsense numerous times in the past , but let 's wash , rinse , and repeat anyway :
[ King 's ] proposal would render the legislation moot and unconstitutional , because it would then be predicated on the idea of creating " protected classes . "
And , as has been already explained many times , hate - crimes bills are n't about creating " protected categories " -- they are strictly written to encompass the motives of the perpetrator :
Hate - crime statutes are neither written to protect specific classes of persons from assault nor to enhance the charges simply when a person from a " protected class " is the victim of a crime .
We do n't have laws that create stiffer time if you simply assault a black or a Jew or a gay person .
The laws do n't even specify races or religions .
Such laws would be in clear violation of basic constitutional principles , including the equal - protection clause .
In fact , the actual class status of a victim is almost secondary to the decision whether or to file a hate - crimes charge or not .
The primary concern is the motivation of the perpetrator .
All of these laws are written to punish people more severely for committing a crime committed with a bias motivation .
Not everyone ever joins an armed service .
Veteranhood is a not a universal trait .
But the categories of bias motivation -- race , ethnicity , religious beliefs , and sexual preference -- are universal human traits : [ Bias crime laws ] are intended to protect everyone equally from these kinds of crimes .
Everyone , after all , has religious beliefs of one kind or another ; we all have a race , a gender , an ethnicity , a sexual orientation .
A quick look at the FBI 's annual bias - crime statistics bears this out ; anti-white bias crimes are the second - largest category of racial crimes , and anti-Christian crimes constitute the second - largest in the religion category .
If the laws were written as [ Rooney ] suggests , they could n't possibly pass the Constitution 's equal - protection muster ; yet these laws have .
Finally , bias - crime laws have always been about addressing real , identifiable social pathologies that have a toxic effect on larger society .
Bias crimes against veterans -- who for the most part are fairly capable of defending themselves anyway ; indeed , it strikes me as insulting to cast them in the role of victims -- are not , as far as anyone can demonstrate , an identifiable problem at this time .
However , racially , religiously , ethnically , and sexually motivated bias crimes are indeed very real phenomena .
It is indeed an insult to the victims of those crimes to try to trivialize their suffering with cheap tactics like this .
And it 's downright obscene to claim that saying so is " anti-military " or " bashing the soldiers . "
And of course , Hannity and King rounded out the segment with an exchange that was nothing less than a complete regurgitation of every Zombie Lie about bias - crimes laws known to man -- especially that ole fave , " these are thought crimes " :
HANNITY : So I 'm trying to understand it .
Are we trying , through hate crimes legislation , to get into the thought process behind the crime instead of just punishing the actual crime and the actual act ?
KING : Well , Sean , it is a thought .
It is the thought crime .
And I tried to bring this out in the mark - up before the Judiciary Committee .
And I asked the specific question of the sponsors :
Is it the perception of the perpetrator , or the perception of the victim ?
And I got different answers .
But , truthfully , it 's both .
Now we 're trying to , by law , divine what was in head -- in the head of the victimizer , and what 's in the head of the victim , who is self - alleged with their particular proclivity and would be protected by law given the circumstances of the legislation that passed off the floor of the House of Representatives .
So I think this is an area of law that we should stay completely away from .
I think it brings about this special protected status .
And I think that when you set up people that are -- that are victims , then you 're dividing people .
And so this is an agenda -- HANNITY : All right .
KING : -- of the homosexual activists .
And they take this all the way through to imposing same - sex marriage on America .
That 's right -- it 's all part of the eeeevil homosexual plot .
That 's why Latino advocates -- the people who are dealing with the hate crimes that have been stirred up by the irresponsible fearmongering of people like Steve King -- and African American groups are all strongly behind this bill too .
Along with the ACLU , which also strongly supports this bill .
They all want to create " thought crimes . "
Right .
Mushy - headed libertarians and liberals and particularly conservatives who see bias - crime laws as creating " thought crimes " -- a concern for which , in over two decades of having these laws on the books , there is scant evidence -- seem to be wringing their hands over a rather abstract notion of freedom , while losing sight of the hard reality that bias - crime laws are about protecting the freedoms of millions of Americans .
Maybe that 's because these critics see the only threat to our freedoms as emanating from government .
But over the history of our country , there have been notable examples in which people 's freedoms were taken away by the acts of their fellow citizens -- the " lynching era " of 1880 - 1930 being the most prominent .
Today 's bias - crime laws are the direct descendants of the anti-lynching laws that were never passed at the height of this era , based largely on arguments similar to those raised against bias - crime laws -- a failure for which the Senate recently apologized .
The legacy of lynching remains with us today in the form of hate crimes -- whose purpose , once again , is to oppress and eliminate targeted minorities .
Hate crimes have the fully intended effect of driving away and deterring the presence of any kind of hated minority -- racial , religious , or sexual .
They are essentially acts of terrorism directed at entire communities of people , and they are message crimes : " Keep out . "
And they damage both the fabric of our communities and the democratic underpinnings of a free society .
Most of all , they create what Yale 's Donald Green calls " a massive dead - weight loss of freedom " for all Americans , particularly minorities .
Bias - crime laws are n't merely about " affirming the equality of all people " : they 're about preserving very real , basic freedoms -- freedom of association , freedom of travel , the freedom to live where we choose , and most of all the freedom from fear -- for every American .
The only " freedom " upon which they impinge is that of violent yahoos to threaten and intimidate and take away the freedom of others .
Is that the kind of freedom Sean Hannity and Steve King wish to protect ?
It seems so .
They 'll even lie through their teeth about it .
“ Ghost ?
Michael Jackson ?
Hi , I ’m a boxing enthusiast .
I was browsing youtube and found a video of the famous fight between George Foreman and Muhammad Ali , “ Rumble in the jungle ” .
Well , at a point in the video ( 5:45 ~ 46 to be exact ) a bizarre figure appeared in the background .
I was curious , it ’s certainly some problem that appeared due to the dozens of edits the image must have passed through … the eyes are even shining … or is it indeed some sort of hoax ?
Does anyone have an explanation ? ”
Asked Luis Fernando .
The face is indeed bizarre , and I found it interesting enough to post here .
And I honestly and unfortunately do n’t have a clear explanation for the image .
It could be a hoax , a bizarre face added digitally and recently to the scene , as what we assume would be the black hair around the face is actually transparent .
On the other hand , the are some things that interact with the image – passing both in front and behind the “ face ” – which suggest that it was not such a bad editing job .
And also suggest that perhaps it ’s not a hoax , but pareidolia .
Even if I have no idea of what could have looked like a face with glowing eyes .
Certainly the height of that face is not right , it ’s at the height of everyone else ’s waists .
Perhaps a bag ?
I do n’t know .
I compiled an animated GIF with the relevant section after the jump , but have no further comments .
Do you have an idea of what could this be ?
Or is this uninteresting ?
Do share your thoughts .
Popularity : 6 % [ ?]
Posted in Fortean
Germany has enacted legislation to clamp down on child pornography
Police in Germany have said they have broken up a child pornography network suspected of involving around 9,000 people in more than 90 countries .
Officers in the Baden - Wuerttemberg said obscene images were being sent over the internet to countries in Europe , as well as the US , Canada and New Zealand .
The footage included " images of the most serious sexual abuse " , they added .
In raids across Germany , 500 computers and 43,000 storage devices were seized , and a number of people were arrested .
Though most suspects were released while evidence is examined , one man in his 40s was arrested in Lower Saxony on suspicion of sexually abusing two children in his family , police said .
Investigators said they had used special software that allowed 24 - hour monitoring of computer activity .
On Friday , German police are set to sign agreements with internet service providers ( ISPs ) to make it harder to access websites posting child pornography , according to the AFP news agency .
Barack Obama came to office with a theory .
He believed that the country was in desperate need of new investments in education , energy and many other areas .
He also saw that the nation faced a long - term fiscal crisis caused by rising health care and entitlement costs .
His theory was that he could spend now and save later .
He could fund his agenda with debt now and then solve the long - term fiscal crisis by controlling health care and entitlement costs later on .
In essence , health care became the bank out of which he could fund the bulk of his agenda .
By squeezing inefficiencies out of the health care system , he could have his New New Deal and also restore the nation to long - term fiscal balance .
This theory justified the tremendous ramp - up of spending we ’ve seen over the last several months .
Obama inherited a $ 1.2 trillion deficit and has quickly pushed it up to $ 1.8 trillion , a whopping 13 percent of G.D.P .
The new debt will continue to mount after the economy recovers .
The national debt will nearly double over the next decade .
Annual deficits will still hover around 5 percent or 6 percent of G.D.P. in 2019 .
By that year , interest payments alone on the debt are projected to be $ 806 billion annually , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
Obama believes these deficit levels are tolerable if he can fix the long - term fiscal situation , but he has n’t been happy about them .
He ’s been prowling around the White House prodding his staff to find budget cuts .
Some of the ideas they have produced have been significant ( Medicare reforms ) , some have been purely political ( asking cabinet secretaries to cut $ 100 million in waste , fraud and abuse ) , and many have been gutted on Capitol Hill ( cap and trade , proposed changes in charitable deductions , proposed changes to the estate tax ) .
Feature Name
Ext4DefaultFs
Summary
Make ext4 the default files system for anaconda - driven installs ( replacing ext3 ) .
Owner
email : sandeen@redhat.com
Current status
Targeted release : Fedora 11
Last updated : 2009-04-17
Percentage of completion : 100 %
Detailed Description
The ext4 filesystem has matured to the point where there is good e2 fsprogs support , and upstream has shifted from " ext4dev " to " ext4 . "
To broaden exposure , and make new ext4 features & performance more widely available , I propose that we make ext4 the default filesystem for new installs .
Benefit to Fedora
The ext4 filesystem has more features and generally better performance than ext3 , which is showing its age in the Linux filesystem world .
Features include :
Delayed allocation & mballoc allocator for better on - disk allocation
Sub - second timestamps
Space preallocation
Journal checksumming
Large ( > 2T ) file support
Large ( > 16T ) filesystem support ( pending - post F11 )
Defragmentation support ( really pending - post F11 )
I do not propose offering migration from ext3 by default , at this point , due to bugs in that process , and extra risk involved .
Perhaps an " ext4 migrate " boot option could be used to expose it for further testing .
Scope
This is mainly a simple ( should be ... ) change for Anaconda 's default choice .
Anaconda already has ext4 support ; it 's a question of making it default now .
Bugs are sure to be found and exposed ; these will require kernel & userspace fixes .
How To Test
As far as " Default install on ext4 " is concerned , this is the same testing as is currently done for ext3 installs .
User Experience
User should notice generally better performance , and benefit from things like persistent preallocation when using updated torrent clients , etc .
Dependencies
Most is already in place ; to some degree we depend on upstream fixing bugs and / or accepting bugfixes .
But we have kernel + userspace today which supports ext4 .
We should update grub to work on ext4 ; an untested , unintegrated patch exists .
We could live with ext3 boot , but that would be less tidy .
NOTE - grub was not completed , but this is a minor issue overall .
livecd - tools will need some minor tweaks for ext4 - done .
Contingency Plan
We can revert to ext3 as default if things go poorly .
Documentation
Release Notes
DRAFT : Ext4 is now the default filesystem for anaconda driven installs .
Unless you are a global health policy wonk in Washington , the Minister of Health from South Africa , or the head of a clinic distributing anti-retroviral therapy in Botswana , you may not have been waiting with bated breath to hear who would fill the position of Global AIDS Coordinator in Obama ’s administration .
For that matter , you may not have even heard of the position .
It might have flown past your radar that on Monday April 27 , the White House issued a press release announcing President Obama ’s intent to nominate Dr. Eric Goosby to the position responsible for overseeing the President ’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , or PEPFAR .
What ’s PEPFAR ?
It is a bipartisan initiative to help prevent the spread of HIV and to offer care and treatment services to those living with or affected with HIV / AIDS globally .
If you have missed all of this , it ’s a good time to catch up .
PEPFAR is perhaps one of the United States ’ most expansive humanitarian and diplomatic efforts , and it is now entering a critical stage .
The outcome of this effort will be our legacy years from now , when the world assesses the response to one of the most devastating crises of our time , and measures the depth and breadth of our generosity , wisdom , and compassion .
Intended as an emergency intervention , PEPFAR initially committed $ 15 billion dollars over five years , with $ 19 billion appropriated in the end to the 15 countries hardest hit by the HIV / AIDS epidemic ( and least equipped to respond on their own ) .
The greatest impact of PEPFAR has been the widespread access to treatment .
As a result , an HIV - positive status no longer signals a certain death .
Condoms or Abstinence ?
But this program , supported by the Bush administration , has had its share of controversy .
Despite the much - heralded success of the treatment outreach , there are significant shortcomings with the approach to HIV - prevention .
Given that for every two people in treatment another five contract HIV , it ’s time for new thinking about prevention .
The original legislation was saddled with an ideological approach to prevention based on conservative religious values , placing a disproportionate emphasis on abstinence until marriage and fidelity .
While the hard earmark in the law requiring that 33 % of all prevention funds be directed toward abstinence - until - marriage programs was removed last summer ( in the legislation that renewed PEPFAR for another five years ) , it will take clear and decisive action to undo the expectation to comply with such standards at the country level .
Another problematic outcome of the PEPFAR reauthorization last year was the expansion of the refusal clause , enabling service providers ( notably some missionary and Catholic programs ) to opt out of providing services which they deem contrary to their religious values — like condom distribution .
These groups argue that if they are not permitted to refuse such services they will simply close up shop , denying care to those who need it most .
This stalemate presents a real difficulty , and will require skillful leadership to overcome .
Dr. Goosby Takes the Reins
It is at this key moment that we are likely to see Dr. Eric Goosby step in at the helm , upon confirmation , as the Global AIDS Coordinator .
Dr. Goosby brings a breadth of experience and knowledge to the table .
Among the first generation of physicians treating those with AIDS - related illnesses in the 1980s , Dr. Goosby has been engaged in responding to the HIV / AIDS epidemic for over 25 years .
He has served as medical director for San Francisco General ’s AIDS clinic , Director of the Office of HIV / AIDS Policy at the Department of Health and Human Services , Deputy Director to the White House Office of National AIDS Policy , and since 2001 has been CEO and Chief Medical Officer of Pangaea Global AIDS Foundation , among other roles .
And while the consistent thread through these roles is a dedication to addressing the HIV / AIDS epidemic , he ’s not easily relegated to one camp or another : he has focused on domestic as well as international issues , he has served within both the public and private sectors , and he worked both as clinician and civil servant .
At the outset , he appears to be a great fit for the task at hand .
In response to news of the pending appointment Goosby stated that PEPFAR “ has already saved millions of lives in sub-Saharan Africa and other hard - hit areas around the world … but significant challenges relating to the prevention and treatment of HIV remain . ”
Dr. Goosby also seems to demonstrate a keen awareness regarding the inequalities , social and otherwise , that compound the risk factors for contracting HIV and also determine access to care and treatment services .
Such insight indicates the lens of public health and human rights from which he seems to view the epidemic , and the response needed to address it .
During his tenure at the Office of HIV / AIDS Policy at the Department of Health and Human Services , Dr. Goosby delivered the keynote address at a conference of the Duke Journal of Gender Law & Policy in 1997 that indicates the holistic awareness and vision he brings to the table :
[ O ]ne of the divergent forces that are converging here is the continued realization of inequities within our society .
We are once again , with the advent of HIV , put in a position where we are reminded that we are not in a world where there are equal playing fields within our populations .
Individuals who are able to access delivery systems will require not only that the delivery system be available , but that it be embracing or nurturing or conducive to the cultural , ethnic , and gender diversity … and that that be reflected in our ability to take care of individuals in times of crisis .
Insensitivity to those needs is a profound barrier to care .
It has been shown over and over , and with HIV I believe it is highlighted once again .
The virus has always amplified the issues that are predominant in our society .
One of the remarkable things about the AIDS epidemic is that it has turned spotlights on those areas of our society that have always been there but once again are brought to light .
And here in these last two sentences , a dozen years ago , Dr. Goosby hit upon an idea that just may be the key to ensuring a successful response to this epidemic .
By looking at “ those areas of our society that have always been there but once again are brought to light , ” we understand that this global health crisis did not emerge as an autonomous event , but rather from a confluence of factors that heighten risk , lead to the spread of HIV , and present obstacles to reversing the course of the epidemic : poverty , lack of access to education , poor nutrition , gender inequalities , gender - based violence , discrimination against and subsequent denial about men who have sex with men , commercial sex workers and injection drug users , and the list goes on .
President Obama ’s announcement about Dr. Goosby made it in just under the wire of his first hundred days in office , that brief time emblematic of the shape his administration will take .
In doing so , it affirms that the US response to the global HIV / AIDS pandemic will remain a priority and will assume the holistic vision necessary to move it forward into this next stage .
It is almost inevitable that the European elections on 4 June will be seen in Britain principally as a plebiscite on Gordon Brown and as an opportunity to give Labour a good kicking .
Public interest , usually limited in these contests , will be directed to what the outcome means for Mr Brown and to talk of fresh leadership challenges if , as expected , Labour 's share of the vote sinks even further than it did in 2004 .
Meanwhile , far - right parties like the BNP will be busy .
One side - effect of the low turnout in European votes is that the most extreme Europhobes , with their core of dedicated voters , tend to do well .
A lack of engagement on the part of most Britons in European elections has been there from the start .
Only 31 per cent of Britons bothered to vote for their first MEPs in 1979 – less than half the EU average .
Depressingly , Europe is " catching up " with Britain in this respect ; only 45 per cent of Europeans voted in 2004 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
This growing indifference is foolish and a pity , not just because of the obvious point that European legislation directly affects all of our lives .
If we in Britain are mentally absent from the work of the Brussels - Strasbourg parliament , the Union is deprived of an important player at a time when it risks seeming increasingly adrift .
The crucial issue of enlargement – how fast it should proceed and how far it should go – is hanging in the air as our partners haggle over the applications of Turkey , Croatia and , further down the line , Albania , Montenegro and Macedonia .
Disgracefully , some newer EU members have taken advantage of this air of muddle to blackmail some of their neighbours that are EU applicants , demanding concessions as the price of allowing their applications to proceed .
At the same time , the Lisbon treaty , designed to speed up the EU 's cumbersome decision - making processes , gathers dust , years after Ireland torpedoed a deal in a referendum .
It may be unrealistic to expect most Britons , preoccupied with jobs , debts and house prices , to take a close interest in the fate of the treaty or the state of Croatia 's membership application .
It does n't help that the two big parties here studiedly shun discussion of Europe , acting almost as if it does n't exist as a political entity .
Gordon Brown does n't even try to conceal his impatience with Euro - summitry or his belief that the relationship with Washington is far more important than anything happening in Brussels .
David Cameron has dealt with a topic that had divided the Tories by barely mentioning it .
The Tory leader has indeed pulled off an astute political trick .
Presenting himself to voters as a moderate centrist European , he is simultaneously appeasing his party 's Euro - sceptics by pulling Tory MEPS out of the European People 's Party , the umbrella for centre - right parties in Brussels , on the grounds that it is too federalist .
Essentially , this will mean Tory MEPs sitting in the new assembly on their own or in the motley company of fringe groups .
Once again , Britain 's overall impact in Europe is sacrificed on the altar of party - political calculations .
What to do , except try to shame both the Tories and Labour parties out of their calculated policy of keeping a distance from Europe and the dreaded Brussels bureaucrats ?
This may be hard , as it suits them politically to pose as the UK awkward squad .
But all that they are doing is cutting off the branch on which we sit .
We need to get the European project back on track and to contribute more to solving its all too obvious problems .
We need to vote .
Update : Inspired by a friend , 270909 should be “ put your plans into action ” day .
Life plans can be the hardest things to decide on and stick to , but if you ’re ever going to change a situation , having an exit strategy is a great start .
Procrastination can be overcome if today , 270909 we all take steps in the direction we want to go .
090909
Well , still alive and nothing bad has happened this morning .
The 9th September 2009 sees a milestone date 090909 .
The web is full of references to this special date and how to mark it ’s passing .
eHow.com has a great article by Michael Skinner on “ How to Celebrate ”
1. Think of your place in the Universe .
2 . Think of home and your local environment .
3. Connect items 1 and 2 .
4 . Enjoy the day !
Read the article on eHow.com
There ’s a worldwide cyberformance , live theatrical and online performance festival – Upstage 090909 .
Performances across the globe via the upstage platform I ’m told .
Check the Upstage 090909 site for timezone details .
Another organisation has decided that this day should be World Day of Interconnectedness .
The site states “ On 090909 in every country at 9 AM in every time zone ( starting in New Zealand ) , all people who are aware of interconnectedness and who are committed to translate that awareness into action are invited to practice interconnectedness as much as possible throughout that day . ”
Let me know if anything odd , great or terrible happens during this 24 hours .
The expressive power of the Web is largely made possible by open standards .
HTML , the vendor - neutral markup language that serves as the underlying foundation of the open Web , helped to foster the culture of interoperability and inclusiveness that have made the Internet a success .
HTML 5 , the next iteration of that standard , could bring the same degree of empowerment and interoperability to rich media and other kinds of Web content .
Although HTML 5 is still in the draft process and has not yet been ratified by W3C , the nascent standard is gaining significant traction .
Browser makers are implementing key features of HTML 5 and bringing robust support for some of its most advanced capabilities to end users .
A growing number of prominent companies that deliver content and services on the Web are putting their weight behind HTML 5 and touting it as the way forward for building interactive Web applications and deploying rich media in the browser .
Video is one of the most significant areas where this trend will have a major impact .
Some of the giants of Internet video are exploring standards - based solutions as means of breaking free from the constraints imposed by proprietary browser plugins .
During the Google I/ O conference last week , the search giant demonstrated a YouTube mockup built with HTML 5 .
In addition to using the HTML 5 video element , it also uses new HTML structural elements and other features introduced in the upcoming version of the standard .
The demonstration illustrates how open technologies can be used to deliver a high - quality user experience for streaming video playback .
Another video titan that is fighting back against plugin prisons is DailyMotion .
The popular streaming video website has launched an open video pilot program , providing a new beta version of its site that uses the HTML 5 video element to play content .
As part of the pilot program , DailyMotion reencoded 300,000 videos with the open source Ogg Theora codec .
Unlike many common video formats , Ogg Theora is not encumbered by known patents .
It can be used and reimplemented freely without having to pay licensing costs .
Advantages of open video
For content providers like YouTube and DailyMotion , the HTML 5 video element offers numerous advantages .
It integrates seamlessly with conventional HTML content and can be manipulated with JavaScript and CSS .
This enables
Web developers to build video player interfaces that are more consistent with the rest of their website .
The ability to control playback with JavaScript allows video to be a more native part of the user experience in interactive Web applications .
Mozilla has crafted some compelling demos to show how the HTML 5 video element can be used in innovative ways with other Web standards .
When we looked at Firefox 's first steps towards implementing the HTML 5 video element in 2007 , we linked to a demo in which video is natively rendered on SVG elements that can be interactively rotated , moved , and resized within a page while the videos are playing .
The more recent demonstrations are even more impressive .
At the Southern California Linux Expo ( SCALE ) in February , Mozilla 's Chris Blizzard showed how to use JavaScript worker threads to programmatically detect and highlight motion in video as it is playing .
The HTML 5 features required to implement these demos will all be available in the upcoming Firefox 3.5 release .
This can all be done with real JavaScript — no browser plugins or third - party programming languages are required .
In addition to the flexibility inherent in the technical benefits of the HTML 5 video element , open video also guarantees freedom from lock - in .
The standard will be advanced collaboratively through inclusive processes , which means that all stakeholders have the ability to participate and are not beholden to any specific vendor .
The availability of multiple interoperable implementations of the HTML 5 video standard , including some that are distributed under open source licenses , is paving the way for a more vibrant and healthy ecosystem in which no single company has complete dominance of the technology .
Video is becoming increasingly important on the Web , and it 's becoming clear that content providers , browser vendors , and end users can no longer afford to have the primary delivery mechanisms for video locked up in an opaque binary blob that can't be improved or adapted to work in new environments .
This is especially true in light of the growing relevance of mobile Web technology .
It will be possible for anyone to adapt existing open source HTML 5 video implementations so that they will work optimally in environments with unusual resource constraints , form factors , or input mechanisms — the same cannot be said of Flash .
Flash 's suboptimal performance and lack of reliability on Linux and Mac OS X ( and arguably the absence of Flash on the iPhone ) are emblematic of its limited portability .
Browser and platform vendors can't fix Flash , but they do have the ability to ensure that standards - based open video technologies deliver the best possible experience in their own software .
It 's not hard to guess what approach they will favor for video delivery .
Challenges ahead
Although standards - based video solutions have the potential to deliver enormous benefits , the path to liberation will not be quick or easy .
The current generation of open video technologies has a lot of limitations that will be difficult to address .
Microsoft 's slowness to adopt emerging standards is probably the biggest hurdle that is impeding adoption of the HTML 5 video element .
Microsoft is still struggling to implement long - standing Web standards , so it seems unlikely that the software giant will jump on board with a highly complex emerging standard that is still in the draft stage .
Microsoft also has some competitive interests on the table that conflict with standards - based video efforts .
Specifically , Microsoft is pushing its own Sliverlight browser plugin as an alternative .
Aside from Microsoft , virtually every other browser vendor already has an HTML 5 video implementation or has publicly announced plans to develop one .
Microsoft 's dominant marketshare , however , largely deflates the value of that widespread support in the broader browser ecosystem .
There are some factors that could potentially push Microsoft into action , but it's hard to imagine it happening any time in the immediate future .
If enough Web content developers adopt HTML 5 video and use it to deliver a better experience to users of competing browsers , Microsoft might have an incentive to join the party .
One source of hope is the fact that Microsoft is n't totally ignoring all emerging Web standards .
The Redmond behemoth has already implemented some nice HTML 5 features , such as persistent client - side storage , which is supported in Internet Explorer 8 .
Another enormous problem with HTML 5 video is the lack of consensus on codecs .
Attempts to enshrine Ogg as the default format of HTML 5 multimedia in the standard itself fell flat due to dissent from various participants in the standards process .
Without the guarantee that at least one codec will work universally in all HTML 5 video environments , many content producers will be reluctant to adopt the standard .
Mozilla and some other players are still pushing hard for Ogg. Firefox 3.5 will include fully functional Ogg codecs so that playback of Ogg video will work out of the box .
It 's unclear , however , if other browser vendors will follow that path .
Enthusiasm for Ogg among some content providers could eventually help unify the browser development community around the codec .
DailyMotion clearly has a very strong commitment to the format .
The Wikimedia Foundation , the organization behind the popular Wikipedia website , is also a vocal advocate of Ogg .
It 's worth noting that media content on Wikipedia is virtually all encoded in Ogg formats .
Although
Ogg might eventually be able to gain sufficient traction to provide a universal target for HTML 5 video , the format itself still has a lot of deficiencies .
Ogg Theora can't yet match the quality of competing patent - encumbered formats .
In its announcement about the launch of its open video pilot program , DailyMotion acknowledges that its Ogg - encoded content has lower video quality and suffers from occasional audio crackles .
Providing additional resources to Ogg implementation developers is really the only solution to this problem .
Theora reached 1.0 status last year , but still has a long way to go .
Mozilla recently contributed $ 100,000 to fund Ogg development .
This grant , which will be managed by the Wikimedia Foundation , will help pay Ogg - backer Xiph.org to continue pushing forward the codec .
Status reports look promising — the experimental Thusnelda branch is becoming much stronger and fares well in some benchmarks .
Other unencumbered free software codecs , such as the BBC 's wavelet - based Dirac , could deliver competitive high - quality video support in the future .
The BBC 's original reference implementation is said to be impractical for real - world use , but the BBC is also funding the development of a real - world open source version called Schrodinger that is becoming quite mature .
According to some experts , Dirac has the potential to deliver encoding quality that is comparable ( or maybe even superior ) to H.264 .
It 's obviously going to take time for free codecs to catch up , and the proprietary options will likely move forward during that time .
In order to avoid getting trapped in a perpetual following position , open video stakeholders are going to have to make a really strong effort to address the disparities in quality .
Conclusion
Open standards have the potential to reshape the way that video is used and deployed on the Web .
Rising support for the HTML 5 video element is a promising sign that the major stakeholders recognize the rewards of unchaining multimedia on the Web .
Google , Mozilla , Apple , DailyMotion , and others are taking steps to make open video a reality , but there are going to be many barriers to overcome along the way .
The broader HTML 5 specification draft has a lot to offer for Web developers .
We took a look at some of the features last year when the W3C published a working draft .
Many of these features will also help reduce dependency on browser plugins and will help make the Web a richer platform for application development .
The demonstrations at the I/O conference on Wednesday show that Google is very serious about bringing HTML 5 to the masses .
The enormous popularity of the company 's Web services makes Google 's endorsement of HTML 5 deeply meaningful .
Google has real leverage to put behind HTML 5 and will likely play an important role in making it ubiquitous .
“ A CAUTIOUS case can be made that Canada is now rather cool , ” this newspaper ventured in September 2003 .
And it still can .
At a ceremony in Ottawa in September this year , Canada invested a new governor - general , the queen 's representative in Canada and therefore its de facto head of state .
She is Michaëlle Jean , a glamorous black television journalist and former refugee from Haiti .
In her investiture speech Mrs Jean declared that the old story of Canada being separated into the “ two solitudes ” of English - speakers and French - speakers was at last over .
Newspapers gushed .
A banner headline in the Globe and Mail greeted a “ remarkable new governor - general who personifies the free and open country Canada wants to be ” .
In the House of Commons this week , a no-confidence vote felled the ruling Liberal government , paving the way for a general election in January — a mere 19 months after the previous one .
Nonetheless Canada has many good reasons to feel pleased with itself .
Its constitutional motto of “ peace , order and good government ” may not set the pulse racing in the manner of America 's “ life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness ” .
Most Americans probably think of it as a dull old neighbour , when they think of it at all .
But peace , order and good government are solid virtues , and still rare enough not only to make Canadians count these blessings but also for millions of people from less orderly places to flock to Canada to enjoy them too .
Uniquely in the rich world , a large majority of Canadians welcome immigration , now running at nearly a quarter of a million a year , and most nowadays from East and South Asia , with only a murmur of dissent ( see chart 1 , left ) .
Canadians have happily allowed the inflow to transform the ethnic mix and therefore the colours , flavours and rhythms of its cities .
More than half of the residents of Vancouver and Toronto are now said to be foreign - born .
In Vancouver , Canada 's Pacific gateway to China , Martha Piper , president of the University of British Columbia , reckons that half of her university 's Canadian — not foreign — students speak a language other than English at home .
Comfort ye
Wealth lubricates the upbeat mood .
Fifteen years ago , ballooning deficits and a prostrate economy made Canada look like a candidate for an IMF rescue .
That would have been a bitter humiliation to a member of the G7 rich - country club .
Against expectations , a Liberal government elected in 1993 under Jean Chrétien turned the public finances around , so much so that Canada is now the only big industrialised country to notch up consistent surpluses both in its federal budgets and in its trade and current accounts .
For five years it has had the G8's fastest growth , driving unemployment to its lowest levels for three decades and producing big gains in incomes , profits and tax revenues .
In December 2003 Mr Chrétien 's finance minister , Paul Martin , won his reward for presiding over all this by pushing out his boss and taking over as prime minister himself .
The present good times are not the product of fiscal discipline alone .
Canada has reaped advantages from the free - trade agreement with the United States that came into force in 1989 , and the later North American Free - Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) .
More recently , the economy has been supercharged by booming prices for energy and commodities , of which Canada has an abundance .
China in particular has a growing appetite for Canada 's energy , metals and chemicals .
Such exports helped to lift Canada 's trade surplus to a near - record C$ 66 billion last year .
Better still , energy prices have been rising just as some vast Canadian energy investments , such as the Hibernia development in Newfoundland , and the so - called oil sands of northern Alberta , have started to come on stream .
Although Canada is already the biggest supplier of oil and natural gas to the United States , these new unconventional sources in Alberta mean that dull old Canada now has the world 's second - biggest oil reserves after Saudi Arabia .
Three troubling weather systems
Peaceful , diverse , tolerant ( in June gay marriage became legal throughout the country ) — and with long - term riches to boot .
If this is n't “ cool ” , what is ?
However , Canada is a massive country by area , the second - biggest in the world after Russia , which means that it has room for many kinds of weather .
Look more closely , and you see three weather systems where turbulence and storms are possible .
The first is in the west , the part of the country that benefits disproportionately from the resource boom .
Canada is one of the few countries that has seen exports to China soar , by 40 % in the past year .
In the next few years , economic growth in British Columbia , Saskatchewan and especially Alberta is expected to sprint ahead .
But central Canada 's manufacturing base is not part of this bonanza .
Over time , the country 's centre of gravity will begin to tip westward as the west forges closer links with a rising Asia .
A complication here is that the western provinces , and especially Alberta , have also for many years felt remote from and neglected by the federal government .
British Columbia , cut off behind the Rockies , is oriented towards the Pacific , with a diminishing interest in what happens across the prairies in distant Ottawa .
Alberta - based firms are investing heavily in oil and gas projects in China .
Polls by the Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada found that whereas 70 % of people in British Columbia and 39 % of Albertans think that Canada is part of the Asia Pacific region , only 28 % of Ontarians and 20 % of Quebeckers agree .
Although the resource boom is only just starting , the west 's new wealth may place new strains on Ottawa 's ability to hold far - flung Canada together .
The second troubling weather system is in Quebec .
When the new governor - general says that the “ two solitudes ” are a thing of the past , she must be expressing an aspiration rather than describing things as they are .
As a Quebecker herself since emigrating from Haiti , she knows better than most that separatist sentiment is burning brightly in the province .
Why it still does so is something of a mystery , given how well the French - speaking province has fared within the federation .
After a referendum in 1995 , in which Quebeckers voted by the narrowest of margins to remain part of Canada , passions seemed to subside .
Nonetheless , in opinion polls this past summer , more than half of Quebeckers questioned said they favoured sovereignty for Quebec .
Cool or not , Canada could still break up — a prospect that has haunted its federal government ever since Charles de Gaulle 's mischievous speech 37 years ago when he called for a free Quebec .
The third weather system coils along the 5,500 mile ( 8,900 km ) border with the United States .
Although relations with America have survived many ups and downs , the past few years have seen too many downs .
Since September 11th 2001 , the Americans have grown twitchier about border security .
Trade with the United States makes up around a quarter of Canada 's GDP , so the border 's closure would be an economic catastrophe .
However , managing the unequal relationship with the superpower has lately become more complicated , aggravated not only by a perennial trade dispute over lumber but also by what may be an underlying estrangement in values and politics .
Whether these weather systems will develop into storms , and how much damage they would do , is a matter of conjecture .
Canada is a country of ferocious northern winters , whose stoical people are used to battening down their hatches .
Besides , some Canadians love nothing better than a storm : every winter tourists flock to the beaches of Vancouver Island expressly to watch them lashing in across the Pacific .
But managing the turbulence will require both luck and political skills of a high order .
This survey will describe the three systems in turn , and then ask whether Canada has agile enough politics , and a robust enough economy , to weather them unscathed .
