The Iraqi shoe - thrower : a national hero guardian.co.uk
The Iraqi journalist who threw his shoes at George Bush has marked his release from jail by angrily defending his action and claiming he was tortured after his arrest .
Muntazer al - Zaidi's supporters and family gave him a rapturous welcome , sacrificing six sheep to mark his release and hanging laurels of flowers around his neck .
Wearing an Iraqi flag , Zaidi gave a detailed account of being tortured after his arrest , and vowed to reveal the names of senior officials in the Iraqi government and army who he said had been involved in his mistreatment .
Appearing with a missing front tooth , he told of beatings , whippings and electric shocks after his arrest .
He said he now feared for his life , and believed US intelligence agents would chase after him .
" These fearful services , the US intelligence services and its affiliated services , will spare no efforts to track me as an insurgent revolutionary ... in a bid to kill me , " he told the news conference .
" And here I want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally . "
The reporter said he was abused immediately after his arrest , and the next day .
He said he was beaten with iron bars , whipped with cords and electrocuted in the backyard of the building in the Green Zone .
" In the morning , I was left in the cold weather after they splashed me with water , " he said .
He went on to defend his assault on Bush .
" Simply put , what incited me toward confrontation is the oppression that fell upon my people and how the occupation wanted to humiliate my homeland by placing it under its boots , " he said .
Zaidi said " throwing shoes against the war criminal Bush " was his answer to the cries of those bereaved by the conflict .
" The criminal murderer is standing here expecting us to throw flowers at him ; this was my flower to the occupier . "
Zaidi also talked of seeing " many , many massacres in every inch of our homeland " and of " witnessing the screams of victims and the cries of bereaved women " .
Speaking through a translator at the headquarters of his employers , the al - Baghdadiya television station , he said he had " vowed to the victims " that he would take revenge .
He described the press conference with Bush as " an opportunity I could not waste " .
His brother Uday told Reuters : " Thanks be to God that Muntazer has seen the light of day .
I wish Bush could see our happiness .
When President Bush looks back and turns the pages of his life , he will see the shoes of Muntazer al - Zaidi on every page . "
Zaidi's family had been told not to hold a highly visible public celebration to mark his release .
Nine months on , the shoe - throwing incident remains highly embarrassing to the prime minister , Nouri al - Maliki , who seems determined not to allow the Iraqi journalist who humbled George Bush to be feted with hero status .
But in Zaidi's one - bedroom apartment in the riverside suburb of Rashid , family members were dancing and preparing food , even through it is Ramadan , the holy month during which Muslims are forbidden from eating and drinking during daylight hours .
In contrast to yesterday , Zaidi's three brothers were remaining tight - lipped about his next move .
His employers were anticipating him returning to work .
However it seems most likely that Zaidi will travel to Greece to address health concerns .
He also has a standing invite from the Libyan leader , Muammar Gaddafi , as well as the offer of citizenship and $ 100,000 from the Venezuelan president , Hugo Chávez .
Zaidi told his brothers from prison during the past few days that he wants to continue working with Iraq 's underclass as well as those disadvantaged by the six - year occupation .
But his life is sure to be transformed dramatically .
His supporters and regimes across the Middle East are determined to hail Zaidi as a David and Goliath figure who finally did what leaders in the region had been too cowed to do .
Zaidi's three brothers had said that they feared for his life .
A brand new four - bedroom house bought and furnished for him by his employers is set to remain empty until Zaidi 's security can be assured .
September 2009
Publishers of all types , from news to music , are unhappy that consumers wo n't pay for content anymore .
At least , that 's how they see it .
In fact consumers never really were paying for content , and publishers were n't really selling it either .
If the content was what they were selling , why has the price of books or music or movies always depended mostly on the format ?
Why did n't better content cost more ? [ 1 ]
A copy of Time costs $ 5 for 58 pages , or 8.6 cents a page .
The Economist costs $ 7 for 86 pages , or 8.1 cents a page .
Better journalism is actually slightly cheaper .
Almost every form of publishing has been organized as if the medium was what they were selling , and the content was irrelevant .
Book publishers , for example , set prices based on the cost of producing and distributing books .
They treat the words printed in the book the same way a textile manufacturer treats the patterns printed on its fabrics .
Economically , the print media are in the business of marking up paper .
We can all imagine an old - style editor getting a scoop and saying " this will sell a lot of papers ! "
Cross out that final S and you 're describing their business model .
The reason they make less money now is that people do n't need as much paper .
A few months ago I ran into a friend in a cafe .
I had a copy of the New York Times , which I still occasionally buy on weekends .
As I was leaving I offered it to him , as I 've done countless times before in the same situation .
But this time something new happened .
I felt that sheepish feeling you get when you offer someone something worthless .
" Do you , er , want a printout of yesterday 's news ? " I asked .
( He did n't . )
Now that the medium is evaporating , publishers have nothing left to sell .
Some seem to think they 're going to sell content — that they were always in the content business , really .
But they were n't , and it 's unclear whether anyone could be .
Selling
There have always been people in the business of selling information , but that has historically been a distinct business from publishing .
And the business of selling information to consumers has always been a marginal one .
When I was a kid there were people who used to sell newsletters containing stock tips , printed on colored paper that made them hard for the copiers of the day to reproduce .
That is a different world , both culturally and economically , from the one publishers currently inhabit .
People will pay for information they think they can make money from .
That 's why they paid for those stock tip newsletters , and why companies pay now for Bloomberg terminals and Economist Intelligence Unit reports .
But will people pay for information otherwise ?
History offers little encouragement .
If audiences were willing to pay more for better content , why was n't anyone already selling it to them ?
There was no reason you could n't have done that in the era of physical media .
So were the print media and the music labels simply overlooking this opportunity ?
Or is it , rather , nonexistent ?
What about iTunes ?
Does n't that show people will pay for content ?
Well , not really .
iTunes is more of a tollbooth than a store .
Apple controls the default path onto the iPod .
They offer a convenient list of songs , and whenever you choose one they ding your credit card for a small amount , just below the threshold of attention .
Basically , iTunes makes money by taxing people , not selling them stuff .
You can only do that if you own the channel , and even then you do n't make much from it , because a toll has to be ignorable to work .
Once a toll becomes painful , people start to find ways around it , and that 's pretty easy with digital content .
The situation is much the same with digital books .
Whoever controls the device sets the terms .
It 's in their interest for content to be as cheap as possible , and since they own the channel , there 's a lot they can do to drive prices down .
Prices will fall even further once writers realize they do n't need publishers .
Getting a book printed and distributed is a daunting prospect for a writer , but most can upload a file .
Is software a counterexample ?
People pay a lot for desktop software , and that 's just information .
True , but I do n't think publishers can learn much from software .
Software companies can charge a lot because ( a ) many of the customers are businesses , who get in trouble if they use pirated versions , and ( b ) though in form merely information , software is treated by both maker and purchaser as a different type of thing from a song or an article .
A Photoshop user needs Photoshop in a way that no one needs a particular song or article .
That 's why there 's a separate word , " content , " for information that 's not software .
Software is a different business .
Software and content blur together in some of the most lightweight software , like casual games .
But those are usually free .
To make money the way software companies do , publishers would have to become software companies , and being publishers gives them no particular head start in that domain . [ 2 ]
The most promising countertrend is the premium cable channel .
People still pay for those .
But broadcasting is n't publishing : you 're not selling a copy of something .
That 's one reason the movie business has n't seen their revenues decline the way the news and music businesses have .
They only have one foot in publishing .
To the extent the movie business can avoid becoming publishers , they may avoid publishing 's problems .
But there are limits to how well they 'll be able to do that .
Once publishing — giving people copies — becomes the most natural way of distributing your content , it probably does n't work to stick to old forms of distribution just because you make more that way .
If free copies of your content are available online , then you 're competing with publishing 's form of distribution , and that 's just as bad as being a publisher .
Apparently some people in the music business hope to retroactively convert it away from publishing , by getting listeners to pay for subscriptions .
It seems unlikely that will work if they 're just streaming the same files you can get as mp3s .
Next
What happens to publishing if you can't sell content ?
You have two choices : give it away and make money from it indirectly , or find ways to embody it in things people will pay for .
The first is probably the future of most current media .
Give music away and make money from concerts and t- shirts .
Publish articles for free and make money from one of a dozen permutations of advertising .
Both publishers and investors are down on advertising at the moment , but it has more potential than they realize .
I 'm not claiming that potential will be realized by the existing players .
The optimal ways to make money from the written word probably require different words written by different people .
It 's harder to say what will happen to movies .
They could evolve into ads .
Or they could return to their roots and make going to the theater a treat .
If they made the experience good enough , audiences might start to prefer it to watching pirated movies at home . [ 3 ]
Or maybe the movie business will dry up , and the people working in it will go to work for game developers .
I do n't know how big embodying information in physical form will be .
It may be surprisingly large ; people overvalue physical stuff .
There should remain some market for printed books , at least .
I can see the evolution of book publishing in the books on my shelves .
Clearly at some point in the 1960s the big publishing houses started to ask : how cheaply can we make books before people refuse to buy them ?
The answer turned out to be one step short of phonebooks .
As long as it is n't floppy , consumers still perceive it as a book .
That worked as long as buying printed books was the only way to read them .
If printed books are optional , publishers will have to work harder to entice people to buy them .
There should be some market , but it's hard to foresee how big , because its size will depend not on macro trends like the amount people read , but on the ingenuity of individual publishers . [ 4 ]
Some magazines may thrive by focusing on the magazine as a physical object .
Fashion magazines could be made lush in a way that would be hard to match digitally , at least for a while .
But this is probably not an option for most magazines .
I do n't know exactly what the future will look like , but I 'm not too worried about it .
This sort of change tends to create as many good things as it kills .
Indeed , the really interesting question is not what will happen to existing forms , but what new forms will appear .
The reason I 've been writing about existing forms is that I do n't know what new forms will appear .
But though I can't predict specific winners , I can offer a recipe for recognizing them .
When you see something that 's taking advantage of new technology to give people something they want that they could n't have before , you 're probably looking at a winner .
And when you see something that 's merely reacting to new technology in an attempt to preserve some existing source of revenue , you 're probably looking at a loser .
Notes
[ 1 ] I do n't like the word " content " and tried for a while to avoid using it , but I have to admit there 's no other word that means the right thing .
" Information " is too general .
Ironically , the main reason I do n't like " content " is the thesis of this essay .
The word suggests an undifferentiated slurry , but economically that 's how both publishers and audiences treat it .
Content is information you do n't need .
[ 2 ] Some types of publishers would be at a disadvantage trying to enter the software business .
Record labels , for example , would probably find it more natural to expand into casinos than software , because the kind of people who run them would be more at home at the mafia end of the business spectrum than the do n't - be - evil end .
[ 3 ] I never watch movies in theaters anymore .
The tipping point for me was the ads they show first .
[ 4 ] Unfortunately , making physically nice books will only be a niche within a niche .
Publishers are more likely to resort to expedients like selling autographed copies , or editions with the buyer 's picture on the cover .
Thanks to Michael Arrington , Trevor Blackwell , Steven Levy , Robert Morris , and Geoff Ralston for reading drafts of this .
New article from iloho is now up .
Check it out at http://blog.iloho.com/older/2009/10/7/travel_tips_10_things_you/.
When you are travelling in Japan follow these simple guidelines to ensure that cultural misunderstandings ( or worse ) do not occur .
10 ) Misuse Your Shoes
Thresholds at businesses and all homes and apartments in Japan have a convenient place for you to store your shoes and don borrowed slippers for your journey .
However , did you know you should never wear slippers on tatami mats ?
It ’s also a huge cultural faux - pas to come out of the bathroom still wearing toilet slippers , as they ’ve been rubbing on dirty linoleum ( although this even slips Japanese minds from time to time ) .
9 ) Bathe in the Bathtub The bathing culture in Japan is unparalleled .
Even if I soak in a mineral pool in the backwoods of New Zealand , nothing will make me feel more cleansed inside and out than a soak in a traditional Japanese hot spring resort .
Ignoring the fact the water is still hotter and contains more minerals than most hot pools abroad , Japanese bathing etiquette dictates one should shower thoroughly before entering the steaming bath ; if you were to do otherwise in Japanese homes ( as a guest you would be given the honour of bathing first ) the family would have to completely drain the tub , clean out the ring , and refill .
You ’d probably just be kicked out if you brought soap and shampoo into the pool at a public bathhouse .
8 ) Fumble with Chopsticks
You do n’t have to be able to pick up an individual grain of rice to use chopsticks properly .
Rather , just be aware that there are a few things for which they were not meant to be used .
First , even if you ’re sharing dishes with a group , do not pass food from one set of chopsticks to another , as this is considered in bad taste .
Second , when not using them , set your chopsticks across your plate or bowl as you would a knife ; poking them out of your rice resembles two sticks of incense commonly used for a certain death ceremony … and why would you want to be reminded of that over a fine dinner ?
7 ) Grope on a Train
Obviously this is n’t a mere misunderstanding of cultures if such an act were to occur , but even when visiting Japan and having nothing but pure intentions , one should be aware of the dangers .
Women ( and even men ) have been fondled on crowded trains and often cannot trace the hands back to their owners .
This has lead to women - only subway cars during peak travel times , and the police giving advice to young girls : seize the arm of your attacker and do n’t let go until security sees his face .
I only mention this because if you ’re a foreigner riding a train in the land of the rising sun who knows absolutely no Japanese , and when disembarking you find a man or woman screaming " shijou ! " or " chikan ! " , respectively ( the terms for female and male perverts ) , you ’re essentially at the mercy of one individual who may have mistaken your desire to get a little bit of room on the car as blatant groping .
6 ) Choose the Wrong Seat There ’s a somewhat antiquated custom when it comes to eating out in groups .
If you ’re with some business colleagues , it ’s better for a junior member ( in terms of hierarchy , not age ) to take the seat closest to the doorway or access point , the senior member the farthest away .
The belief is that should an attack occur , the least experienced ( thus the least valuable ) will be killed first , giving the others time to mobilize and protect the higher - ups .
5 ) Show Strong Emotions
One of the most common mistakes a foreigner makes upon entering the Japanese business world is to openly express his frustration when the unexpected comes along … and it always comes along .
Showing strong emotions like anger is a social death sentence in Japan ; the only time someone might get away with it would be if he were seriously inebriated , or at least making the effort to get there .
Tears , especially those of happiness , can be forgiven ( even from men ) , but take care to keep your temper in check .
4 ) Blow Your Nose Even out on the street when it ’s sub - zero degree weather , blowing your nose in Japan is probably one of the rudest things you can do , even more so if you ’re talking with someone face - to - face and take a moment to pull out your handkerchief .
It ’s the equivalent of asking someone to watch you use the toilet .
3 ) Yawn
This is a good policy for conversations around the world , but it really hits home in Japan .
Whereas in the States or other countries one might dismiss a tired expression with a certain nonchalance or a chuckle ( e.g. " crazy night on the town ? " ) , in Japan you might as well slap your superior in the face to completely prove your desire not to listen .
2 ) When Listening … I had an interview with an English school in Akita Prefecture not too long ago .
As I was listening to the manager speak via Skype , I realised how out of practice I was at listening by Japanese standards .
He spoke for only a few seconds at a time , each time taking my silence as an indication that the call must have been disconnected .
Why ?
Because I failed to provide the appropriate guttural sounds : when speaking one - on - one with someone in Japan ( group meetings can be an exception ) , it ’s best to utter a few words every now and again to show you still have the speaker ’s attention .
A simple hai ( yes ) , or so des ne ( ah , I see ) can work wonders .
1 ) Respect Yourself Modesty is a virtue .
I cannot count the number of times as an English teacher I gave high praise to certain young Japanese students , only to have their parents contradict me by saying something like " yes , but she ’s terrible studying at home " or " no , you must be mistaken " .
Disregarding or refusing complements in Japan is the only way to accept them graciously :
( in Japanese ) Me : Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the nearest train station ?
Japanese : Ooohhh !
Your Japanese is so skillful !
Me : No , no , it ’s nothing really .
By claiming you have no skills or any life experience exceeding that of another , you in fact raise their impression of you .
If I were to refer to myself as " Turner - san " or respond to such praise of my language skills with " Thank you very much !
I have been diligently studying for nine months ! " , then I might be forgiven as an ignorant foreigner … but more likely marked as arrogant .
Polish Despair and Russian Delight
Iran : The U.S. Strategic Obsession
Israel and Complications to the Diplomatic Alternative
He can make the deal with Russia .
But every day that passes , Russia is creating the reality of domination in the FSU , so its price for a deal will continue to rise from simply recognizing their sphere of influence to extending it to neutralizing Poland .
He can select the military option of an air campaign against Iran .
But this means accepting the risk to maritime traffic in the Persian Gulf and the potentially devastating impact on the global economy if oil exports through the Strait of Hormuz are impacted significantly .
He can wait to see how things unfold , and place overwhelming pressure on Israel not to attack .
But this means finding a way to place the pressure : Israel in 2009 does not have the dependence on the United States it had in 1973 .
The Importance of Poland
The United States announced Sept. 17 that it would abandon a plan for placing ballistic missile defense ( BMD ) installations in Poland and the Czech Republic .
Instead of the planned system , which was intended to defend primarily against a potential crude intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) threat from Iran against the United States , the administration chose a restructured system that will begin by providing some protection to Europe using U.S. Navy ships based on either the North or Mediterranean seas .
The Obama administration has argued that this system will be online sooner than the previously planned system and that follow - on systems will protect the United States .
It was also revealed that the latest National Intelligence Estimate finds that Iran is further away from having a true intercontinental missile capability than previously thought , meaning protecting Europe is a more pressing concern than protecting the United States .
Poland and the Czech Republic responded with a sense of U.S. betrayal , while Russia expressed its satisfaction with the decision .
Russian envoy to NATO Dmitri Rogozin said Moscow welcomes the decision and sees it as an appropriate response to Russia 's offer to allow U.S. supplies to flow into Afghanistan through Russia .
Later , the Russians added another reward :
They tentatively announced the cancellation of plans to deploy short - range ballistic missiles in Kaliningrad , which they previously had planned as a response to the components of the U.S. BMD system planned for Poland and the Czech Republic .
Polish despair ( and Warsaw seemed far more upset than Prague ) and Russian satisfaction must be explained to begin to understand the global implications .
To do this , we must begin with an odd fact : Theplanned BMD system did not in and of itself enhance Polish national security in any way even if missiles had actually targeted Warsaw , since the long - range interceptors in Poland were positioned there to protect the continental United States ; missiles falling on Poland would likely be outside the engagement envelope of the original Ground - based Midcourse Defense interceptors .
The system was designed to handle very few missiles originating from the Middle East , and the Russians obviously have more than a few missiles .
Given that even small numbers of missiles easily could overwhelm the system , theBMD system in no way directly affected Russian national security :
The Russian strike capability — against both Poland and the continental United States — was not affected at all .
Indeed , placing the system on ships is no less threatening than placing them on land .
So , if it was the BMD system the Russians were upset with , they should be no less upset by the redeployment at sea .
Yet Moscow is pleased by what has happened — which means the BMD system was not really the issue .
For Poland , the BMD system was of little importance .
What was important was that in placing the system in Poland , the United States obviously was prepared to defend the system from all threats .
Since the system could not be protected without also protecting Poland , the BMD installation — and the troops and defensive systems that would accompany it — was seen as a U.S. guarantee on Polish national security even though the system itself was irrelevant to Polish security .
The Russians took the same view .
They cared little about the BMD system itself ; what they objected to was the presence of a U.S. strategic capability in Poland because this represented an American assertion that Poland was actively under the defense of the United States .
Of particular note from the Russian point of view was that such a guarantee would be independent of NATO .
The NATO alliance has seen better days , and the Russians ( and Poles ) perceive an implicit American security guarantee as more threatening than an explicit one from NATO .
This whole chain of events was an exercise in the workings of thepost - post - Cold War world , in which Russia is a strong regional power seeking to protect its influence in the former Soviet Union ( FSU ) and to guarantee its frontiers as well — something that in the West has often been misinterpreted as a neurotic need for respect .
Poland is the traditional route through which Russia is invaded , and the Russian view is that governments and intentions change but capabilities do not .
Whatever Washington intends now , it is asserting dominance in a region that has been the route for three invasions over the last two centuries .
By the Russian logic , if the United States has no interest in participating in such an invasion , it should not be interested in Poland .
If the United States chooses Poland of all places to deploy its BMD when so many other locations were willing and possible , the Russians are not prepared to regard this choice as merely coincidence .
Overall , the Russians desire a new map of the region , one with two layers .
First , Russia must be recognized as the dominant power in the former Soviet Union .
The United States and Europe must shape bilateral relations with other former Soviet states within the framework of this understanding .
Second , Central Europe — and particularly Poland — must not become a base for U.S. power .
The United States and Europe must accept that Russia has no aggressive intent , but more to the point , Poland in particular must become a neutral buffer zone between Russia and Germany .
It can sign whatever treaties it wants , attend whatever meetings it wishes and so forth , but major military formations of other great powers must remain out of Poland .
Russia sees the BMD system as the first step in militarizing Poland , and the Russians have acted accordingly .
From the standpoint of the Bush administration and the Obama administration early on , the Russian claims to great power status , rights in the former Soviet Union and interests in Poland represented a massive overreach .
The perception of both administrations derived from an image developed in the 1990s of Russia as crippled .
The idea of Russia as a robust regional power , albeit with significant economic problems , simply did n't register .
There were two generations at work .
The older Cold War generation did not trust Russian intentions and wanted to create a cordon around Russia — including countries like Georgia , Ukraine and , most important , Poland — because Russia could become a global threat again .
The newer post - Cold War generation — which cut its teeth in the 1990s — wanted to ignore Russia and do what it wished both in Central Europe and the former Soviet Union because Russia was no longer a significant power , and the generation saw the need to develop a new system of relationships .
In the end , all this congealed in the deployments in Poland and the Czech Republic .
For Russia , Poland mattered in ways the United States could not grasp given its analytic framework .
Butthe United States had its own strategic obsession : Iran .
The Islamic world has been the focus of the United States since 9/11 .
In this context , the development of an Iranian nuclear capability was seen as a fundamental threat to U.S. national interests .
The obvious response was a military strike to destroy Iranian power , but both the Bush and Obama administrations hesitated to take the step .
First , a strike on Iran 's nuclear facilities would be no one - day affair .
Intelligence on precise locations had uncertainty built into it , and any strike would consist of multiple phases : destroying Iran 's air force and navy , destroying Iran 's anti-aircraft capability to guarantee total command of the skies , the attacks on the nuclear facilities themselves , analysis of the damage , perhaps a second wave , and of course additional attacks to deal with any attempted Iranian retaliation .
The target set would be considerable , and would extend well beyond the targets directly related to the nuclear program , making such an operation no simple matter .
Second , Iran has the ability to respond in a number of ways .
One is unleashing terrorist attacks worldwide via Hezbollah .
But the most significant response would be blocking the Strait of Hormuz using either anti-ship missiles or naval mines .
The latter are more threatening largely because the clearing operation could take a considerable period and it would be difficult to know when you had cleared all of the mines .
Tankers and their loads are worth about $ 170 million at current prices , and that uncertainty could cause owners to refuse the trip .
Oil exports could fall dramatically , and the effect on the global economy — particularly now amid the global financial crisis — could be absolutely devastating .
Attacking Iran would be an air - sea battle , and could even include limited ground forces inserted to ensure that the nuclear facilities were destroyed .
The country most concerned with all of this isIsrael .
The Iranians had given every indication that they plan to build a nuclear capability and use it against Israel .
Israel 's vulnerability to such a strike is enormous , and there are serious questions about Israel 's ability to use the threat of a counterstrike as a deterrent to such a strike .
In our view , Iran is merely creating a system to guarantee regime survival , but given the tenor of Tehran 's statements , Israel cannot afford to take this view complacently .
Israel could unilaterally draw the United States into an airstrike on Iran .
Were Israel to strike Iran by any means , it most likely would lack the ability to conduct an extended air campaign .
And the United States could not suffer the consequences of airstrikes without the benefits of taking out Iran 's nuclear program .
Apart from the political consequences , the U.S. Navy would be drawn into the suppression of Iranian naval capabilities in the Persian Gulf whether it wanted to or not simply to keep the Strait of Hormuz open .
Even if Iran did n't act to close off the strait , Washington would have to assume that it might , an eventuality it could not afford .
So an Israeli attack would likely draw in the United States against Iran one way or another .
The United States has had no appetite for such an eventuality , particularly since it considers a deliverable Iranian nuclear weapon a ways off .
The U.S. alternative — in both administrations — was diplomatic .
Washington wanted to create a coalition of powers able to impose sanctions on Iran .
At meetings over the summer , the Obama administration appears to have promised Israel " crippling " sanctions to prevent any unilateral Israel action .
At an April G - 8 meeting , it was decided that Iran must engage in serious negotiations on its nuclear program prior to the next G - 8 meeting — on Sept. 24 — or face these sanctions .
The crippling sanctions foreseen were some sort of interruption of the flow of gasoline into Iran , which imports 40 percent of its supply despite being a net exporter of crude .
Obviously , in order for this to work , all of the G - 8 nations ( and others ) must participate , particularly Russia .
Russia has the capacity to produce and transport all of Iran 's needs , not just its import requirements .
If the Russians do n't participate , there are no sanctions .
The Russians announced weeks ago that they opposed new sanctions on Iran and would not participate in them .
Moreover , they seemed to flout the ineffectiveness of any U.S. sanctions .
With that , the diplomatic option on Iran was off the table .
Russia is not eager to see Iran develop nuclear weapons , but it sees the United States as the greater threat at the moment .
Moscow 's fundamental fear is that the United States — and Israel — will dramatically strengthen Ukraine , Georgia and other states in the FSU and on its periphery , and that Russia 's strategic goal of national security through pre-eminence in the region will be lost .
From the Russian point of view , the U.S. desire for Russian help with Iran is incompatible with the U.S. desire to pursue its own course in the FSU and countries like Poland .
From the U.S. point of view , these were two entirely different matters that should be handled in a different venue .
But Washington did n't get to choose in this matter .
This was a Russian decision .
The Russians faced what they saw as an existential threat , believing that the U.S. strategy threatened the long - term survival of the Russian Federation .
The Russians were not prepared to support a U.S. solution for Iran without American support on Russian concerns .
The Americans ultimately did not understand that the Russians had shifted out of the era in which the United States could simply dictate to them .
Now , the United States had to negotiate with the Russians on terms Moscow set , or the United States would have to become more directly threatening to Russia .
Becoming more threatening was not an option with U.S. forces scattered all over the Middle East .
Therefore , the United States had to decide what it wanted .
American attention in the run-up to the Oct. 1 talks with Iran was focused by Israel .
The Obama administration had adopted an interesting two - tier position on Israel .
On the one hand , it was confronting Israel on halting settlement activity in the West Bank ; on the other hand , it was making promises to Israel on Iran .
The sense in Israel was that the Obama administration was altering Washington 's traditional support for Israel .
Since Iran was a critical threat to Israel , and since Israel might not have a better chance to strike than now , the Obama administration began to realize that its diplomatic option had failed , and that the decision on war and peace with Iran was not in its hands but in Israel 's , since Israel was prepared to act unilaterally and draw the United States into a war .
Given that the Obama diplomatic initiative had failed and that the administration 's pressure on Israel had created a sense of isolation in Israel , the situation could now well spiral out of control .
Although all of these things operated in different bureaucratic silos in Washington , and participants in each silo could suffer under the illusion that the issues were unrelated , the matters converged hurriedly last week .
Uncertain what leverage it had over Israel , the United States decided to reach out to the Russians .
Washington sought a way to indicate to the Russians that it was prepared to deal with Russia in a different way while simultaneously giving away as little as possible .
That little was the redeployment of BMD components originally planned for Poland and the Czech Republic to ships .
( Money already has been allocated to upgrade additional Atlantic - based Aegis warships to BMD capability . )
Whatever the military and engineering issues involved , whatever the desire not to conflate U.S. strategic relations with Israel with pressure on the settlement issue , whatever the desire to " reset " relations without actually giving the Russians anything , the silos collapsed and a gesture was made .
From the Russian point of view , the gesture is welcome but insufficient .
They are not going to solve a major strategic problem for the United States simply in return for moving the BMD .
For that , the United States got access to Afghanistan through Russia if desired , and the removal of missiles in Kaliningrad .
The Americans also got a different atmosphere at meetings between U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitri Medvedev at the United Nations next week .
But the sine qua non for Russian help on Iran is Russia 's sphere of influence in the FSU .
The public relations aspect of how this sphere is announced is not critical .
That the U.S. agrees to it is .
This is the foreign policy test all U.S. presidents face .
Obama now has three choices .
Ultimately , the question of Iran is secondary .
The question of U.S. - Russian relations is now paramount .
And ultimately , policymakers do n't really have as much freedom to make choices as they would like .
Under any of these scenarios , the United States does n't have the power to stop Russian dominance in the FSU , but it does have the ability to block further Russian expansion on the North European Plain .
Preventing an amalgamation between Russia and Europe is a fundamental interest to the United States ; neutralizing Poland and depending on Germany as the Russian - European frontier is not inviting — especially asGermany has no interest in reprising the role it played from 1945 to 1991 .
The United States has an Iran crisis , but it is not its fundamental geopolitical problem .
Interestingly , the Iran crisis is highlighting the real issue , which is Russia .
It is Russia that is blocking a solution to Iran because Russian and American interests have profoundly diverged .
What is emerging from Iran is the issue of Russia .
And obviously , when Russia becomes an issue , so does Poland .
If the United States acts to limit Russia , it will act in Poland , and not with BMD systems .
The Obama administration 's decision to withdraw BMD is insufficient to entice Russia into assisting with Iran .
An agreement to respect Russian rights in the FSU would be sufficient ( and in a way would merely recognize what is already in place ) .
Obama might quietly give that assurance .
But if he does , the United States will not add Poland to the pile of concessions .
The greater the concessions in the FSU , the more important Poland becomes .
The idea of conceding both Russian hegemony in the FSU and the neutralization of Poland in exchange for Russian pressure on Iran is utterly disproportionate .
The United States has already completed delivery of 48 late - model F - 16C / Ds with advanced offensive capabilities to Poland .
That matters far more to Polish national security than BMD .
In the U.S. tradition with allies — particularly allies with strong lobbies in the United States , where the Polish lobby is immense — disappointment on one weapon system usually results in generosity with other , more important systems ( something the Poles must learn ) .
As the United States has a strong military option in Iran , redrawing the map of Europe to avoid using that option — regardless of Polish fears at the moment — is unlikely .
Moreover , Washington also could decide to live with an Iranian nuclear capability without redrawing the map of Europe .
Ultimately , the United States has made a gesture with little content and great symbolic meaning .
It is hoping that the Russians are overwhelmed by the symbolism .
They wo n't be .
For their part , the Russians are hoping the Americans panic over Iran .
The fact is that while Russia is a great regional power , it is not that great , and its region is not that critical .
The Russians may be betting that Obama will fold .
They made the same bet on John F. Kennedy .
Obama reads the same reports that we do about how the Russians believe him to be weak and indecisive .
And that is a formula for decisive — if imprudent — action .
Tags
There has been much ado concerning the Federal Reserve 's doubling of the monetary base this past year .
Many believe a currency crisis or hyperinflation of the dollar is imminent .
Some go as far as to say that this crisis will destroy America .
While I concede that a currency crisis would certainly mean a much lower quality of life for most Americans in the short term , I also have great faith in the individual 's ability to take action in uncertain times .
Free men operating in a free market do find solutions to even the largest crises .
In 2007 I did a seven - month deployment to Iraq .
I was posted in multiple farming and fishing villages in al Anbar province .
However , I do not wish to discuss the war or national defense .
I want to concentrate on what , in my estimation , was a much more important issue to the people in the villages : money .
These villages were rebuilding from the horrors of the war .
A great amount of wealth had been destroyed , not bank accounts , mind you , but real wealth : houses , cars , trucks , fishing boats , and farmland .
In the villages , houses and boats needed to be repaired or rebuilt , roads needed attention , and parents wanted to get their children back in school .
In order to do all these wonderful things , a medium of exchange was needed .
Unfortunately , or fortunately , depending onhow you look at it , the villagers did not put much faith in the paper money printed by the government in Baghdad .
As this was an agrarian society the villagers turned to a time - tested medium of exchange : livestock .
In the villages all households had some sheep , and the more affluent houses had very large herds .
Goods were exchanged , debts repaid , and business contracts agreed upon all using sheep as money .
" Free men operating in a free market do find solutions to even the largest crises . "
The al Anbar Province is a desert environment and good farmland is only available 500 to 1000 meters off the Euphrates River .
The villages where I served are located in the palm groves of the Euphrates River just south of the Haditha Dam .
The river water , while great for crops and livestock , was not ideal for human consumption , and therefore clean drinking water became a very valuable commodity .
The bottled water brought in from the larger cities was one of the most sought - after commodities in the village , and I soon noticed villagers pricing items in not only sheep , but bottles of drinking water as well .
Then there was the standard wartime medium of exchange : cigarettes .
The villagers smoked cigarettes every evening with chai tea .
They were bought in the cities and brought back by the truck load .
As a result they were not as valuable as sheep or bottled water ; however they served as small change for the villagers .
These three moneys all circulated in the villages free of any government mandate or oversight .
The exchange rate also fluctuated free of mandate .
Sheep were the most stable commodity as they were held and bred in the villages .
Bottled water and cigarettes were transported in from the cities .
This transport was subject to logistical difficulties , and therefore their value fluctuated .
Farmers and fisherman also drank much more water in the summer months , which had a great effect on its value .
As individuals built up more savings in the form of bottled water and cigarettes , the values of these currencies became more stable but were still subject to greater fluctuations than were sheep .
With these three free market currencies , I watched village markets grow , farmers increase productivity , fisherman save capital in order to improve or build new boats , and young couples commission houses to be built with borrowed money .
All this progress was made possible through the real savings of valuable commodities .
So , for those who are deeply worried about a currency crisis in the United States , I bear a positive message .
When a currency fails , as long as there is no outside coercion implemented , individuals will act and find sound money in what is around them .
Gold and silver will certainly be prime candidates , but even in small towns with limited access to these precious metals , there is an infinite supply of sound money available .
Depending on the situation and location of the community , a form of sound money might spring from anywhere .
The North Face vs. The South Butt : Entrepreneurial Teen Undaunted by Lawsuit Threat
Teen says he will not abandon company despite threats from retailer .
Oct. 1 , 2009  -- A Missouri teenager frustrated with his classmates ' sheep - like following of a popular clothing line came up with his own parody apparel and now faces a lawsuit for trademark infringement .
Jimmy Winkelmann said he has no intention of complying with the cease and desist request sent last month by lawyers for The North Face Apparel Corp. , saying his 2 - year - old business -- The South Butt LLC -- poses no threat to it .
" I was like , ' How did they even find me ? ' "
Winkelmann said .
" It was ridiculous . "
The 18 - year - old college student said local media coverage of the blossoming legal battle has dramatically increased sales of The South Butt T - shirts , fleece jackets and shorts , so much so that his entire inventory sold out this week within 24 hours .
In an Aug. 14 letter sent to Winkelmann 's St. Louis - area home , Jordan LaVine , a lawyer for The North Face , wrote that the companies ' logos are similar enough to possibly cause " consumer confusion as to the source , sponsorship or affiliation of particular problems and services that could dilute or tarnish the distinctive quality of the famous and distinctive TNFAC marks . "
There are similarities : Both logos are red squares with white lettering and design .
The North Face logo features a half - dome with three ridges .
The South Butt logo shows a similar design , but upside down and with two ridges that Winkelmann confirmed are meant to infer butt cheeks .
The North Face has also taken issue with Winkelmann 's online video for his business in which he instructs customers to " Never Stop Relaxing , " which LaVine said is a direct rip - off of TNFAC 's tagline , " Never Stop Exploring . "
Not only has The North Face requested that Winkelmann cease sales , production and promotion of his product , but it has also asked him to drop his trademark application for The South Butt LLC and its logo .
Winkelmann 's attorney Albert Watkins , who plays squash with his client 's father and traded his services for a really good bottle of burgundy , responded to LaVine with a Sept. 10 letter in which he not only declined the company 's request but told it that The South Butt should be considered flattery .
" I am compelled to respectfully disagree with the posture or assertion that ' The South Butt ' would in any way give rise to confusion on the part of any person , " Watkins wrote .
" In fact , the sense of parody employed by Jimmy within the context of his South Butt undertakings clearly demonstrate a respectful , if not flattering ' anti- North Face ' posture designed in all respects to distinguish itself from any and all North Face products . "
The North Face Apparel Company issued a e-mail statement to ABCNews.com today , saying the creation of a unique logo and brand identity should be based on integrity and strong ethics .
" The North Face is all for creativity , ' butt ' we opposed Jimmy Winkelmann 's logo in order to protect our famous trademark .
And , just to be clear , we have not sued him , " the statement read .
" Like thousands of companies around the world , we work diligently to protect trademark rights .
This situation is , in reality , a serious problem companies deal with every day . "
Owner of South Butt Not Worried About North Face Threats
Winkelmann , Watkins said , is not exactly the kind of teen corporate giants go after , saying he is " an 18 - year - old who looks like he 's 12 .
" He does n't even have enough money to buy beef in college , " Watkins said .
" What are you going to do ? "
In his Sept. 10 letter to LaVine , Waktins , with Winkelmann 's blessing , gave the company the opportunity to purchase The South Butt for $ 1 million , an offer that has since been withdrawn because of The North Face 's lack of action .
He also suggested a non-binding mediation between the two companies and noted that his client has nothing to lose by " vigorously pursuing the American dream . "
Winkelmann said his parents " are loving it . "
" They 're supporting me through it all , " he said .
" We really do n't know what The North Face is going to do now . "
Winkelmann said the idea for The South Butt was born a few years ago when he and his high school pals were poking fun at the kids at their private high school who satisfied their need to belong by buying the exact same jackets and vests .
" People thought it was so cool to wear The North Face fleeces , " he said .
" Everybody had to have them . "
The term " South Butt " started as a joke , he said , and " then it just , like , escalated . "
Winkelmann turned to his uncle , who owned a business printing marketing items like T - shirts and pens , for help in manufacturing the first South Butt T - shirts .
He said the entire company was founded not to rip - off The North Face , but to get people thinking about the alternatives .
He started with an online business and then began selling them at Ladue Pharmacy in St. Louis .
Ladue 's owner now acts as Winkelmann 's sales manager and makes a small salary based on commission .
Seeing the burgeoning company as a way to help his parents -- who had experienced some financial hardship in the weakened economy -- pay for his college tuition , Winkelmann went a step farther .
In 2007 , The South Butt was incorporated with the state of Missouri , with the help of Winkelmann 's stockbroker father .
Ire From The North Face Helps The South Butt Profit
Winkelmann said he turned a profit of about $ 4,000 the first year , most of which went back into inventory .
In the past year , he estimated that he has pocketed about $ 2,000 , which has gone toward his education at the University of Missouri , where he is studying biomedical engineering with a business minor .
The added attention The North Face letter has brought to The South Butt has only served to bolster Winkelmann 's profits .
" I do n't think I was really a threat to them , " Winkelmann said , before reconsidering .
" Now , I 'll be a threat , maybe . "
He estimated selling up to 200 items in the past couple years , but now he has sold that much -- if not more -- in the past day or so .
He 's now rushing to fill back orders and get new inventory manufactured .
The South Butt includes T - shirts , ladies ' track shorts , both $ 19.99 each , and fleeces , which retail for $ 75.29 .
Although some major companies have backed down with the mere threat of a lawsuit , Winkelmann said he will not be one of them .
If anything , Watkins said , further legal action by The North Face will only serve to " steel my client 's resolve to stand up and fight . "
While trademark infringement is a serious concern for major corporations , the giants do n't always prevail in court .
Earlier this month , McDonald 's lost its trademark infringement case against McCurry , a popular Malaysian fast food restaurant .
At least 41 people have been killed in four separate car bomb explosions in Iraq .
Two of the attacks were near the northern city of Mosul , and the other two near the capital , Baghdad .
At least 200 people were injured .
Natalia Antelava reports from Bagdad .
This image was lost some time after publication .
Ed. note : Anil Dash is one of the smartest guys we know and a modern - day Nostradamus regarding emerging technology , so when he speaks up , we 're eager to hear his take .
Today he 's talking Google Wave and its obstacles to adoption .
Advertisement
Google
Wave is an impressive set of technologies , the kind of stunningly slick application that literally makes developers stand up and cheer .
I 've played with the Google Wave test sandbox a bit , and while it 's definitely too complex to live up to the " this will replace email ! " hype that greeted its launch , it certainly has some cool features .
So the big question is whether Wave will succeed overall in becoming a popular standard for communications on the web , because Google has made an admirable investment in documenting the underlying platform and making it open enough for others to build on and extend .
I think the answer is no , and the reason is because the Wave way is not compatible with the Web way .
The Google Wave Highlight Reel
We have n't been invited to try out Google Wave ( yet ? pretty please Mister Google ? ) , but based on … Read more
Advertisement
What do I mean by " the Web way " ?
Well , if we look at the history of new technologies being adopted to extend web sites and enhance communications , we see a few trends emerge :
Upgrades to the web are incremental .
Instead of requiring a complete overhaul of your technical infrastructure , or radical changes to existing behaviors , the web tech that wins is usually the sort of thing that can be adopted piecemeal , integrated as needed or as a normal part of updating one 's websites or applications .
Instead of requiring a complete overhaul of your technical infrastructure , or radical changes to existing behaviors , the web tech that wins is usually the sort of thing that can be adopted piecemeal , integrated as needed or as a normal part of updating one 's websites or applications .
Understanding new tech needs to be a weekend - sized problem .
For a lot of web developers , long before they start integrating a new protocol or platform into their work , they hack together a rough demo over a long weekend to make sure they truly grasp how it works .
And a weekend - scale implementation on a personal site usually translates roughly into a 90 - day implementation cycle in a business context , which is a reasonably approachable project size .
( In tech , three days in personal effort often translates to three months of corporate effort . )
For a lot of web developers , long before they start integrating a new protocol or platform into their work , they hack together a rough demo over a long weekend to make sure they truly grasp how it works .
And a weekend - scale implementation on a personal site usually translates roughly into a 90 - day implementation cycle in a business context , which is a reasonably approachable project size .
( In tech , three days in personal effort often translates to three months of corporate effort . )
There has to be value before everybody has upgraded .
This is basically a corollary to Metcalfe 's Law
This is basically a corollary to You have to be able to understand and explain it .
Duh .
Now , if we take a look at some examples of what has worked , we can see how various successful technologies have displayed these traits .
One great example is feeds .
When RSS feeds were new , it was easy to understand their potential immediately , and since I was working at a newspaper at the time , I just spent an afternoon understanding the format and hacking together a quick feed of headlines that anybody could subscribe to .
If nobody had adopted feedreaders yet , that was no problem , since there was no cost to just having the feed sit there with no subscribers - the " nobody 's upgraded " problem would only result in me having wasted a few hours .
Ajax had a similar adoption pattern .
It took a little bit more time to comprehend , but not much more than an afternoon , and the development effort required for adding Ajax enhancements to an application started as a weekend - scale project and has only gone down over time .
Following the principles of progressive enhancement , well - designed implementations performed just fine on older browsers or systems that could n't handle the new features .
And most sites that have added Ajax features have done so by adding the requirements as a checklist item in the course of normal ongoing updates , not as standalone efforts to migrate to a new technology .
Advertisement
This brings us to Wave .
Wave offers excellent opportunities to extend its core features and to add richness to its " wavelets " , and I have no criticisms over its utility as a developer platform that third parties can build upon .
But the fundamental Wave protocols are , I fear , a bit too complex to ever be fully and correctly implemented by anyone other than Google .
Interoperability is likely to be a challenge that plagues the platform for its entire existence .
In short :
It 's likely that nobody will ever build a fully - compatible clone of Wave that competes with Google 's own implementation .
Why is that true ?
Let 's look at what 's built in to Wave :
Powerful realtime collaboration features
Unlimited versioning of content
Built around robust XMPP protocol
Combines chat , document editing , and message threading - wikis + blogs + comments + IM
Delivered as a very polished rich user interface
Each of these is a very compelling experience .
But a lot of developers ' reactions to seeing them was not just " I can't wait to use that ! " but also " I want to add that one feature to my own existing application ! " .
And that 's where it gets tough .
Let 's take a look at Joe Gregorio 's list of the protocols that power Wave .
( Joe works at Google , but made this list before he was working on Wave .
I appreciate his research and openness on this topic , and presenting his work here is a tribute to what makes
Wave great , not a criticism of his effort . )
Advertisement
Federation ( XMPP )
The robot protocol ( JSONRPC )
The gadget API ( OpenSocial )
The wave embed API ( Javascript )
The client - server protocol ( As defined by GWT )
That 's a lotta stuff !
XMPP alone is a bear to implement , let alone to deploy at large scale .
( I ca n't think of anyone outside of Google , Earthlink and LiveJournal who have deployed XMPP to millions of users . )
But if you wanted to make another application that truly interoperates with all that Wave can do , combining all of these pieces would just be the starting point .
Advertisement
And people are n't looking for a replacement for email , or instant messaging , or blogs , or wikis .
Those tools all work great for their intended purposes , and whatever technology augments them will likely offer a different combination of persistence and immediacy than those systems .
Right now ,
Wave evokes all of them without being its own distinctive thing .
Which means it 's most useful in providing reference implementations of particular new features .
If a developer wants one of the compelling individual features of Wave , like near - realtime collaboration , they 're more likely to use something like ( wait for it ... )
Pushbutton technologies .
The infrastructure afforded by the components of the Pushbutton Platform comes nowhere near the richness and polish displayed by Google Wave .
Pushbutton is n't even designed to offer the benefits demonstrated by Wave .
But to its credit , Pushbutton displays nowhere near the complexity of Wave in its interoperability requirements .
More importantly , integrating Pushbutton features into a website or application is n't a monolithic process of building dozens of cutting - edge features , but rather can be deployed incrementally by even non-expert webmasters .
Advertisement
In this context , it might help to think of Pushbutton tech as a " micro - Wave " .
As Gina Trapani said in mentioning Google Reader 's support for PubSubHubBub :
The Pushbutton Web Now in Google Reader Huh - wha ?
you ask .
Yeah , I know .
It 's no Google Wave .
But that 's what makes this exciting .
This kind Read more
Huh - wha ?
you ask .
Yeah , I know .
It 's no Google Wave .
But that 's what makes this exciting .
This kind of small Pushbutton implementation is how real web pages will easily use existing technology to notify one another of new updates .
The Google Reader / FriendFeed integration is just the first tiny step in what will be a broad deployment of realtime - enabled sites .
These sites and services will let one another know when they have new data to share without the sucky inefficiencies of polling .
Check out how fast FriendFeed updates when you share an item in Google Reader in the video above .
In short , it 's almost zero latency .
Why is this clearly " inferior " technology going to win ?
Well , as just one example , XMPP is way too complicated for any normal human to deploy .
Whereas if you 're reading this , you probably already have access to a regular HTTP web server that could talk to a Pushbutton hub .
In fact , the only two backers I know who have worked extensively with XMPP are Brad Fitzpatrick and Artur Bergman , who co-created Djabberd .
And they are both excited about PubSubHubBub .
Realistically , someone like Yahoo might try to do all of this , and inevitably one or two open source projects will try to lash together open implementations of each of these pieces to make a kind of FrankenWave application .
There are probably already one or two teams working on the inevitable " Enterprise Wave Server " platforms as well , though I have n't heard about them myself .
These efforts may succeed , but that does n't mean they 'll ever be robust enough that people will trust them for communicating on the web .
Advertisement
More to the point , I 'm a regular blogger who knows a little bit about scripting on a normal web server .
I can poke around the documentation and add a few tweaks to my RSS feed ( or , in my case , do nothing and have Feedburner automatically handle it for me ) , and all of a sudden my blog 's feed is part of the Pushbutton web , ready for others to build on .
I literally would n't even know where to start with the Wave developer documentation if I wanted to integrate it with my site or any of the little apps I like to hack on during a long weekend .
What seems more realistic - that someone will figure out a way to incrementally build on top of realtime feeds to enable Wave - like experiences , or that all this talk of Waves , wavelets and blips is going to suddenly become easy to understand .
In short , web - way tech like feeds , Ajax , and Pushbutton win because people who make good sites and applications have a place to start with it .
Does this mean we get fancy realtime simultaneous editing right away , now that Pushbutton exists ?
Nope .
In fact , Wave might even get the early jump on those kinds of features for web apps , simply because it 's pioneered that part of the user experience .
But Wave only runs to its full potential on the most cutting - edge web browsers .
And there may only be a dozen companies in the world with the in - house expertise to clone the entire complement of technologies underlying Wave in order to make a full - fledged competitor .
Worse , the monolithic nature of the Wave experience means it will even be a challenge to make a full - fledged open source competitor to the official Google service .
Advertisement
I hope that Wave succeeds , because I love to see ambition and innovation rewarded .
But I think it 's most likely that Wave 's success will be in inspiring people to create similarly compelling experiences by adding incremental enhancements to their existing sites .
That 's how the web 's always advanced in the past .
What Works : The Web Way vs. The Wave Way [ Anil Dash ]
Anil Dash has been blogging at Dashes.com for over ten years , with a pretty good track record of predicting what 's next .
You can subscribe to his RSS feed or follow @anildash on Twitter .
So the should - be - disgraced former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney now accuses President Barack Obama of " dithering " over the War in Afghanistan .
I say , in this instance , Thank God for Ditherering !
To dither , according to the American Heritage Dictionary , is to be in " a state of agitation and indecision " as we well should be in making the vital decision as to how , or even if , we should proceed in Afghanistan .
What Cheney is actually criticizing , most unjustly , is the Obama Administration 's serious study of the very - difficult situation there .
A hasty decision would be far worse than " dithering " over doing the right thing .
Many lives are involved in our decision , as is the future of the people of Afghanistan , the fate of the people of Pakistan , and the misnamed War Against Terror .
Real deliberation is essential to making sound decisions on such important issues .
Haste makes many forms of waste , including the waste of precious lives , in this tough situation .
But Dick Cheney , of course , is no ditherer !
His motto has always been Full Speed Ahead and to Hell with the Consequences !
Full speed ahead in Iraq , leading to a war based on lies , false pretenses , and oil .
Full speed ahead in the mistreatment of prisoners , many innocent , not only at Guantanamo but , indeed , also at secret CIA camps anywhere .
Full speed ahead in the removal of the civil and constitutional rights of Americans in the name of a false security which the Bush administration 's policies made far more difficult to achieve .
And full speed ahead in making America the hated bully boy of many peoples .
While George W. Bush has had , perhaps surprisingly , the good sense and good judgment to stay out of the limelight now that he is out of the Presidency , his side - kick vice president , who called most of the shots during the Bush Administration anyway , seems to fail to understand that he is no longer in office in any capacity .
Cheney needs to be repudiated by all Americans of good will .
Many of us did not stand up to him as much as we might have during his term as Vice President .
We must not " dither " now in standing up to his rhetoric .
Dick Cheney ought to be prosecuted for war crimes and crimes against humanity ; the World Court should not " dither " about filing such charges against him and George W. Bush .
Justice must not dither .
A new report , launched by the UK Energy Research Centre ( UKERC ) , argues that conventional oil production is likely to peak before 2030 , with a significant risk of a peak before 2020 .
The report concludes that the UK Government is not alone in being unprepared for such an event - despite oil supplying a third of the world 's energy .
The report finds that we are entering an era of slow and expensive oil as resources get harder to find , extract and produce .
Major new discoveries , such as those announced recently in the Gulf of Mexico , will only delay the peak by a matter of days or weeks .
Simply maintaining global production at today 's level would need the equivalent of a new Saudi Arabia every three years .
According to the report 's chief author , Steve Sorrell , senior researcher at UKERC , " In our view , forecasts which delay a peak in conventional oil production until after 2030 are at best optimistic and at worst implausible .
And given the world 's overwhelming dependence upon oil and the time required to develop alternatives , 2030 is n't far away .
The concern is that rising oil prices will encourage the rapid development of carbon - intensive alternatives which will make it difficult or impossible to prevent dangerous climate change . "
The report defends more optimistic estimates of the size of oil resources but notes that much of this is in smaller less accessible fields which may only be produced relatively slowly and at high cost .
It also highlights the accelerating decline in production from existing fields ; more than two thirds of current crude oil production capacity may need to be replaced by 2030 to prevent production from falling .
Steve Sorrell : " It makes no sense to provide precise forecasts of when a peak in oil production will occur .
The data is unreliable , there are multiple factors to consider and a ‘ bumpy plateau ' seems more likely than a sharp peak .
But we can say that the window is narrowing rapidly .
The effects of global oil depletion will depend greatly on the response from governments and on the scale of investment in new energy technologies . "
UKERC 's report is the first study to take an independent , thorough and systematic review of the evidence and arguments in the ‘ peak oil ' debate .
It addresses the following question :
What evidence is there to support the proposition that the global supply of ‘ conventional oil ' will be constrained by physical depletion before 2030 ?
Ms. Prescott , Ph.D. , is Professor of History , Central Connecticut State University .
She is the author of Student Bodies : The Influence of Student Health Services on American Society .
Ann Arbor : University of Michigan Press , 2007 .
She blogs at : Knitting Clio .
By now , many readers of this website are probably familiar with Whoopi Goldberg ’s remarks on the television show “ The View ” regarding the arrest of Roman Polanski .
According to Goldberg the charges against Polanski were not “ rape rape . ”
The core of Goldberg ’s argument is that Polanski accepted a plea bargain to the charge of “ having sex with a minor ” aka statutory rape .
So , according to Goldberg , this is n’t “ rape rape ” — i.e. a sexual assault on an adult woman .
If the 13 - year old had been over the age of consent ( 16 ) , Goldberg seems to suggest , then it would n’t “ really ” be rape .
In order to explain why this line of argument is faulty , one needs to understand history of rape law in the twentieth century .
The Women and Social Movements in the United States database has an excellent document project on the age of consent campaign at the turn of the twentieth century .
Then as now , the “ age of consent ” referred to the age at which a girl could consent to sexual relations .
A man who had sex with a girl below that age could be tried for statutory rape .
In the late nineteenth century the age of consent in many states was as low as ten or twelve , and in Delaware the age was seven .
This extremely low age of consent was the result of colonial laws regarding rape .
As Cornelia Hughes Dayton explains in Women Before the Bar , when women charged “ rape , ” there was a presumption that they were telling the truth .
The penalty for rape was death .
The penalty for assaulting a child was much less .
Therefore , the child was more protected with a lower consent age .
During the nineteenth century , the presumption changed : men presumed women were lying when they made charges of rape , and judges began to interpret the level of resistance a woman had to make for her to charge rape .
She had to believe she was near imminent death before she stopped fighting back .
Thus , children faced great danger by having the age of consent so low .
If women were not believed to have been raped unless they came back with maimed bodies to prove they resisted , almost no one would be “ raped ” according to the law .
Hoping to protect young girls from sexual predators , Progressive era reformers started a campaign to raise the age of consent to at least sixteen , and preferably eighteen .
They based their work on the stories in circulation about middle - and upper - class men seducing and impregnating young , white , single girls who were flocking to the cities to find work .
Some of these girls were also victims of “ white slavery ” ( what we now call sex trafficking ) and were lured to the city by the promise of employment , only to find that the job was prostitution .
By 1920 , most states had passed laws establishing sixteen or eighteen as the age of consent .
Now , as with other Progressive - era reforms , there were shortcomings to this age of consent campaign .
Most reformers were white , and overlooked the plight of African - American girls and women .
The reasoning for this was that by nature , all African - American women were believed to be hypersexual ; hence it was impossible to rape a black girl or woman because men could not resist these “ temptresses . "
Ida B. Wells unsuccessfully tried to dispel this myth .
The age of consent campaign was also based on the belief in compulsory sexual purity for unmarried girls and women .
In fact , it was at this time that the notion of “ sexual delinquency ” was conceived .
Moral reformers created homes for “ delinquent ” and “ wayward ” girls — ostensibly to “ protect ” these girls from sexual predators , but also to “ reform ” their behavior — i.e. make them into virtuous , pure , respectable women .
This resulted in a major asymmetry in punishment : men convicted of statutory rape typically served 2 - 3 years in prison .
A young girl sentenced to a reformatory for sexual delinquency ( which included assault by an adult male ) , was incarcerated until she reached the age of majority ( usually 21 ) .
So , for example , a fourteen year - old would serve seven years in a reformatory .
Now , what about “ rape rape ” — i.e. sexual assault of women over the age of consent ?
Well , that too depended on the race of the victim and perpetrator .
If a white woman charged a black man with rape , then the myth of black male hypersexuality and the culture of white male chivalry ensured that the man would be found guilty , or more likely , lynched before he even came to trial .
For white men , it was much easier to get away with the crime of rape , since a woman ’s previous sexual experience could be admitted as evidence .
So , if a woman was a “ slut ” — i.e. had intercourse outside of marriage — then it was obviously her fault she got raped because she was “ asking for it . ”
The so - called sexual revolution of the 1960s and early 1970s in some ways actually made this situation worse for awhile : teenage and young adult women reclaimed their sexual agency yet the criminal justice system still assumed that girls who “ slept around ” deserved to get raped , or rather , that it was n’t “ really ” rape because the girl led the guy on .
By the 1970s , this assumption was becoming increasingly untenable .
As I ’m finding in my work on the history of emergency contraception , health care workers along with feminist activists , fought for more humane treatment of rape victims by police officers , emergency room personnel , and the criminal justice system .
As Estelle Freedman wrote in a recent review of the feminist classic , Susan Brownmiller 's Against Our Will , “ our view of rape has transformed since the 1970s , from an unavoidable and unmentionable price of being female to an unacceptable crime against the human rights of women . ”
During the 1970s and 1980s , feminist groups created rape crisis centers , and courts declared that a woman ’s sexual history was irrelevant in a rape trial .
In the 1990s , there was increasing awareness of the problem of date rape , and marital rape became a crime in all 50 states .
The Polanski case occurred when definitions of rape were still evolving , and there was still a tendency to blame the victim for tempting a man .
So , if Samantha Geimer had been an adult , her sexual history probably would have been used as a way to weaken or dismiss the case against Polanski .
However , by today ’s standards , what Polanski did was not just statutory rape , but actual “ rape rape . ”
If Geimer had been over the age of consent , Polanski would still be charged with rape because she said no , multiple times , and was under the influence of drugs and alcohol .
The fact that so many individuals in the United States and abroad are defending Polanski is a reflection of a broad misunderstanding of major changes in legal definitions of what constitutes rape in the United States .
BEIJING  Despite protests by the Chinese government , the Dalai Lama is going ahead with plans to visit a heavily militarized Tibetan Buddhist area in northeast India that is the focus of an intense territorial dispute between China and India , a Tibetan official in India said Thursday .
The Dalai Lama , 74 , the spiritual leader of the Tibetans , is expected to visit Arunachal Pradesh from Nov. 8 to Nov. 15 , the official said in an e-mail message .
China considers the Dalai Lama , who lives in exile in the Indian hill town of Dharamsala , to be a separatist who advocates Tibetan independence .
He insists that he wants only true autonomy for Tibet , which the Chinese Army invaded in 1951 .
On Tuesday , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry , Ma Zhaoxu , said China “ firmly opposed ” the Dalai Lama ’s visit to the region , according to Xinhua , the state news agency .
“ We believe that this further exposes the Dalai Lama clique ’s anti-China and separatist nature , ” Mr. Ma said .
Tenzin Taklha , a spokesman for the Dalai Lama , said in an e-mail message last month that the Dalai Lama would visit the region because he had received “ a number of invitations ” since he last visited in 2003 .
“ There is a large Buddhist population that is keen to have his holiness give teachings , ” the spokesman said .
By Paul Beebe
The Salt Lake Tribune
November 14 , 2009
As the battle over health care reform rages in Congress , Regence BlueCross BlueShield is using a slick Internet site , social media and billboards to say that consumers bear much of the blame for high premiums .
The message is n’t that bald , but it ’s there .
“ It really is about motivating people about the real cost of health care and how the choices they make each day impact those costs .
To motivate consumers to take action is really what it ’s all about , ” Regence spokeswoman Georganne Benjamin said Wednesday .
“ Cost is a big factor in this debate , and we need to address the high rate of medical spending , or we will not have meaningful health care transformation .
This campaign does play a role in that , ” she said .
The heart of Regence ’s campaign is an interactive Web site ( What ’s the Real Cost ? ) .
But if a visitor overlooks or does n’t click on a link next to a navigation button , he wo n’t easily discern that the site was put up by ( Regence BlueCross BlueShield ) .
Regence is also using traditional tactics .
It has erected billboards along Interstate 15 that display two messages : “ Health care hums like a machine with no off button because we do n’t question it ” and “ Should ‘ Because it ’s covered ’ be guiding health care ? ”
http://www.sltrib.com/business/ci_13562042
What ’s the Real Cost ? ( a game ) :
http://www.whatstherealcost.org
Comment :
By Don McCanne , MD
How many people do you know that request health care that they know they do n’t need but they want to have “ because it ’s covered ” ?
In over thirty years of my very busy family practice , I cannot recall one single patient with such a request .
Yet the thrust of this Regence BlueCross BlueShield campaign is to blame the patient for requesting too much health care .
We know the primary sources of the very high costs for health care in the United States .
First , the administrative excesses of our fragmented financing system waste hundreds of billions of dollars each year ( about four trillion in the next ten years , reformers please note ) .
Also our prices are much higher than in other nations .
Although technological advances have increased costs , they do not account for our excess spending since the level of use is comparable to that of most other nations .
So what about the excess of unnecessary care ?
Health care decisions are predominantly supply - side , provider - driven decisions .
In spite of the plethora of anecdotes of patients demanding too much care , very few health care decisions are demand - side , patient - driven decisions .
Regence could n’t be further off target with this campaign .
Regence BlueCross BlueShield is a not - for - profit insurer , theoretically a traditional Blues plan .
But it , like the other not - for - profits , has adopted the market innovations of the other Blues such as WellPoint that have converted to for - profit for the primary purpose of making money , with patient service being only a secondary necessity .
Regence BlueCross BlueShield is part of the reason for our outrageous health care costs , both for the administrative waste from its own activities and the administrative burden placed on providers , plus its ineffectiveness in improving value by improving the allocation of our health care dollars .
For Regence to place the blame with the patients for demanding too much care is the ultimate of chutzpah .
Green Park is known to be more peaceful and tranquil than its neighbouring St James 's Park .
Open throughout the whole year , it is a popular place to be visited .
Londoners come out when the sun is shining to enjoy a picnic or a walk in the park , and the paths are commonly used by joggers who like to exercise in the beautiful surroundings .
If you 're looking for some company for a quiet day in the city , Green Park escorts are the most thrilling and pleasing choice you can make .
There is no better way to enjoy the sights of London than with a Green Park escort .
It is possible to escape the busy hustle and bustle of the city by losing yourself in this beautiful Royal Park .
There are many easy transport links in the area ; Green Park has its own tube station on the London Underground , with Hyde Park Corner not far away .
There are also regular bus and taxi services available throughout the day and night .
You will have no problem getting around Green Park .
Green Park escorts are great to take to the upper class bars and restaurants in the area ; the Ritz is just down the road , opposite nightclubs such as Mahiki - renowned for attracting the rich and famous .
You and your stunning escort will fit right in with London 's elite , giving a glamorous touch to wherever you go .
If you 'd prefer to keep your Green Park escort all to yourself , staying in for the evening at your hotel is a good way to get to no each other better .
Why not make the experience pure luxury and hire a 5 * suite ?
You 'll think you 've died and gone to heaven during the time that you have your escorts companionship , and you will wish that the night never had to end .
A Math Teacher 's Story george@symcom.math.uiuc.edu ( John George )
( true , chuckle )
Now this classroom was very old , and the blackboards , which had been nailed on to the walls with old black iron nails , had become loose over the years .
As a result , these black nails jutted almost invisibly from the blackboard and this teacher kept banging his hands on them while erasing the board .
He decided to put them to good use .
With enough of a flourish to guarantee the class 's attention , he went to the front of the room , near one edge of the board .
Then , clearing his throat , he drew a coathook right near one of the protruding nails .
He proceeded to hang his coat and hat on the hook that he had drawn in chalk ( really on the nail , of course ) .
Then he went on to give that day 's lecture .
He told us that the entire class had their eyes to the front of the room throughout the lecture .
He did n't know if they'd heard a single word he'd said , but at least they looked attentive .
At the end of the class , the lecturer would usually leave by a small door near the blackboards , while the class would leave through the large doors at the back of the hall .
When class was over , he took his coat and hat , erased the coathook , and left through the small door -- and was followed by the entire class , lining up to go past the blackboard to see how he 'd done it .
-- John C. George
Police tactics used to disperse a large student assembly at the University of Pittsburgh on Friday evening have become the focus of an Internet media firestorm .
Multiple videos of the police action against apparently peaceful students have surfaced on the Internet .
Confirmed details apart from recordings are scarce at this hour , but the first clip included below shows two officers in riot gear hitting a young female with batons , while others show numerous seemingly random arrests taking place as students were forced out of the public areas on campus by police firing tear gas and other projectiles .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The group , estimated at close to 500 people , gathered near Schenley Plaza around 10 p.m. , with students saying they were drawn because they were angry over Thursday ’s protests and how the riot police treated students , ” reported The New York Times .
“ Some students say their curiosity was piqued by a university message warning them to stay off the streets . ”
According to the Associated Press , police say they arrested 60 people after declaring the student gathering to be “ illegal ” — a figure that makes up the bulk of the 83 arrested all across Pittsburgh during the G20 summit .
The G20 summits routinely attract crowds of activists for scores of causes as well as anarchists opposed to what they see as inhumane free market policies .
An earlier , larger demonstration took place without any incident .
Security forces in Pittsburgh said there were up to 4,500 marchers , but Peter Shell , president of the Thomas Merton Center which helped organize the march , estimated the number at twice that .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It was the biggest protest march in Pittsburgh since the 1970s protests against Vietnam , ” Shell told AFP .
The videos below contain profanity and some violence .
This video was uploaded to YouTube on Sept. 25 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was uploaded to YouTube on Sept. 25 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
With AFP .
From PBS :
“ We did n’t truly know the dangers of the market , because it was a dark market , ” says Brooksley Born , the head of an obscure federal regulatory agency — the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) — who not only warned of the potential for economic meltdown in the late 1990s , but also tried to convince the country ’s key economic powerbrokers to take actions that could have helped avert the crisis .
“ They were totally opposed to it , ” Born says .
“ That puzzled me .
What was it that was in this market that had to be hidden ? ”
In The Warning , airing Tuesday , Oct. 20 , 2009 , at 9 P.M. ET on PBS , veteran FRONTLINE producer Michael Kirk unearths the hidden history of the nation ’s worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
At the center of it all he finds Brooksley Born , who speaks for the first time on television about her failed campaign to regulate the secretive , multitrillion - dollar derivatives market whose crash helped trigger the financial collapse in the fall of 2008 .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Schwarzenegger Vetoes Election Integrity Bills "
( 21 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Tom Courbat said on 10/13/2009 @ 7:31 pm PT ...
I 'm very concerned about the veto of AB 330 regarding notifying the public about the Logic & Accuracy testing of DREs and other election equipment .
Not one single ROV or County was listed as opposing the bill .
Yet , our efforts to find out when such tests will occur have often been met with evasion ( we 're not sure , call us in the morning - type responses ) which makes it impossible to plan to observe .
This bill was REALLY needed and the reason given by the governor for vetoing it was bogus .
Here is something I sent out to some folks a bit ago :
To view the veto messages , and analyses of the various versions of the bills , go to http://www.legislature.ca.gov/
and just enter the bill number .
The analyses will be interesting as well .
If you click on these three items at the site above : “ Analyses ” , “ Votes ” and “ Veto Message ” you will learn a lot about the various bills and how they changed from their initial introduction .
For AB 330 there are six analyses and you can see at the bottom of each analyses who was in favor and who was opposed – O.C.B.O.S. was in favor and no opposition until the end ( see Senate Floor Analyses ) when Dept of Finance came out against because : “ ARGUMENTS IN OPPOSITION : The Department of Finance
states : " While the intent of this bill is to improve
integrity in our elections procedures , the Department of
Finance is opposed to this bill for the following reasons :
[ 1 ]
The bill could create a reimbursable mandate of unknown
costs resulting in additional General Fund obligations .
[ 2 ]
The bill is unnecessary because nothing prohibits
interested parties from inquiring about the specific dates
for testing or programming of tabulation devices . [ 3 ]
Some
counties already provide notices on their websites and
indicate that there is not significant turnout to observe
the tests and programming of tabulating devices . "
Yet the Assembly Appropriations Committee reported very negligible costs so who got to who ?
And the DOF reported “ some ” counties who already provide the info of the upcoming dates on their Web sites reported there was “ not significant turnout to observe the tests … ” .
And that is a reason to NOT let the public know , b/c few show up anyway ?
What the hell kind of reason is that ?
And we all know the cost of putting a notice on the Web site can barely be measured , but I say there should be proactive notification ( where folks can sign up for notices ) to those who have asked to be informed .
This is clearly an effort to keep the public from observing what is already a very questionable process .
FISCAL EFFECT : According to the Assembly Appropriations
Committee , " [ n] egligible annual reimbursable costs for county
elections officials to provide the required public notices . "
This is like giving a public demonstration but never notifying the public ( or the media ) that a legally required demonstration will take place .
Gee , the DOF says we can always call and ask if they are planning a L&A test anytime soon .
What a great way to discourage oversight of one of the most underperformed and underreported yet legally required " safeguards " of the electronic voting system .
This veto should be overridden .
The votes were 73- 0 in the Assembly and 23 - 11 in the Senate , so there was strong support for this badly needed legislation .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/13/2009 @ 7:32 pm PT ...
I 'm sick of this game .
Why do n't they just remove the vote altogether , and elect whoever they freaking want .
Fucking oath breakers .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... leftisbest said on 10/13/2009 @ 7:42 pm PT ...
This issue of AB330 might be handled admnistratively by issuing an Administrative Directive requiring what AB 330 required .
It is not as strong as having the legislative language signed by the governor , but I believe they can do it in a short period of time ( 60 - 90 days or so ) , giving counties the opportunity to comment .
Since none opposed AB 330 , none should oppose an Administrative Directive to notify the public , right ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/13/2009 @ 8:06 pm PT ...
Tom , I 'm with ya. too bad they do n't have a static page .
http://www.legislature.ca.gov/
( That 's by design , just like the god damned no rhyme / no reason obfuscated file / dir / named / un - indexed / proprietary ) PDF files used through government websites . )
If they really wanted us to find it would be something like ...
http://www.legislature.ca.gov/ab330
And when it 's updated it replaces the file with the current one .
But no ... BS on the Cost thing .. ( Propaganda LIE ) " the Department of
Finance is opposed to this bill for the following reasons :
[ 1 ]
The bill could create a reimbursable mandate of unknown
costs resulting in additional General Fund obligations . "
Yeah , that 's right finance dept , let 's let corrupt rats exploit the electronic tabulation devices and allow the Senate to shuck off their control of the monetary system , and destroy the dollar and the bond market costing ( I estimate $ 65 trillion . )
Let 's let em get us in a plethora of wars which cost billions every year .
Killing people .
Yeah finance dept , you save your freaking pennies at the expense of the US Constitution , and life itself !
" The bill is unnecessary because nothing prohibits
interested parties from inquiring about the specific dates
for testing or programming of tabulation devices . "
Well first off I am kind of glad , as they are starting to use my language , although they still have n't got the language correct yet .
It 's called " electronic vote tabulation devices . "
But looking deeper , there 's nothing saying they have to tell us the truth when we ask either , and thus they can now use this as yet another weapon in their arsenal .
Time itself .
Time as a weapon .
( but they 've been doing that all along )
We thought it was going to be at X : XX sorry the local sheriff had to arrest your poll watcher .
The only solution : 1 . Outlaw all electronic vote tabulation devices nationally because the chain of custody is broken on all versions of these devices .
We can't see the electronic signal representing the vote and that IS a broken chain of custody .
2 . Paper Ballots , Hand Counted with an unbroken public ( and human ) chain of custody .
With something in place other than ultimately going to the supreme court for broken chain of custody .
3 . Outlaw electronic poll books , because these too can be corrupted , exploited , or fail as well as being yet another broken chain of custody on the list of " registered voters . "
If we lose your name , you 've lost your vote .
The alternative is clear .
Excellence in Corruption and and unconstitutional oath breaking leadership .
What a piece of work Arnold is .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Tom Courbat said on 10/13/2009 @ 8:41 pm PT ...
Hi PHIL et al .
Actually , you CAN sign up for updates every time a bill changes status and I recommend it for anyone wanting to follow as many bills as they like .
Usually FAQ pages are not all that instructive , but this one is .
Go to
http://www.legislature.c....gov/quicklinks/faq.html and 4th and subsequent headings .
They will give you all the info needed to " subscribe " to a bill or bills , and receive instant updates .
Also gives you the ability to search for bills from prior years , etc .
This IS one good site , put on by the legislature which Bowen pushed regularly to be more open .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/13/2009 @ 11:12 pm PT ...
I get that the server can dynamically send a page , but you can't link it up or index it , cause it is n't static .
( Which was my part of my point )
It kind of throws collaboration out the window .
But I been harping on this for awhile .
Along with the sequential PDF's all named with random number generators I guess , and PDF's which are unsearchable " as published " and therefore un-indexable .
It all adds an extra layer of fog and plausible deniability when you can't find a
document .
But thanks for trying to enlighten me all the same .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/13/2009 @ 11:31 pm PT ...
Let me see if I have this straight : 1 . Schwarzenegger does n't want vote - by - mail voters to find out if their ballots were counted and why .
2 . Schwarzenegger does n't want counties to provide public notice of the opportunity to review the preparation , testing and operation of ballot tabulating devices .
3 . Schwarzenegger does n't want enhanced transparency by requiring ballot printers and voting system vendors to notify the Secretary of State when they discover previously undisclosed flaws in their products .
Correct ?
Should n't you have a recall , then ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/13/2009 @ 11:35 pm PT ...
I guess what I am saying is that if they really wanted to be open , there would be an OPEN directory .
for example
ftp://bla.gov/pub/dox/AB330.PDF
or
http://bla.gov/dox/AB330.PDF
not
http://bla.gov/querry&am...kie=true&timeout=1hr
/cgi-bin/query
Which is saying special key + cookie + timeout then delete path or on an unindexed site http://bla.gov/randomcra...723897jhkjhfdgRANDOM.PDF
( where the file name and directory have nothing to do with the content ) " This IS one good site , put on by the legislature which Bowen pushed regularly to be more open . "
While I agree their webmaster has tried to do better the fact remains government websites do n't impress me at all , with their stupid ass sharepoint .
I personally have caught local government not publishing their financial records .
Click their links and get sharepoint or cfm ( coldfusion ) errors .
Their sites suck , both with security , information disclosure , and layout .
Nothing is likely to change my mind on it .
Cept maybe static paths like I said in the first place .
http://bla.gov/doc/ab330/AB330.PDF
They could even add date time , I do n't care .
Be logical , if it 's a study on poo then the files should say pooXXX .
txt where XXX = number / date ( do n't think the one url is all I am talking about , there 's stuff WORSE than what 's under Bowen 's wing . )
On the other hand , I ain't all that happy with Bowen either , I want these bloody devices outlawed .
She started down that path , and I support that to the end !
but then she brought em all back in .
Feels like they let us breath a bit then went in for closing off our windpipe .
Just sayin .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/13/2009 @ 11:56 pm PT ...
And also , up to today I never heard of AB 330 .
Is it cause I am getting old and can barely pay attention ?
Or is it cause corporate media on the national and local level does n't serve the public interest ?
nevermind , I just depress myself .
SEASONS GREETINGS FROM ARNOLD !
Arnold wants you to celebrate XMAS with a couple quarts of Smirnoff and a big purple bud from humbolt county !
--- just ask Tommy Chong . (- I can't prove the smirnoff bit , but hey Legalize it already on the other -) OMFG , I just seen Big Dan 's post .
Thank god I typed the Captcha in wrong .
A RECALL !
I think Big Dan is ILUMINATI cause he 's LIT !
Frankly this kind of crap is the same as was Grey Davis 's ain't it .
Same old pro machine , excuse , excuse , wash , rinse , repeat .
Welp , I do n't think it 's going to last much longer Big Dan , if these wonderful leaders keep on the same path , mathematically they will cause a monetary revolution in ( I say ) 5 years .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 10/14/2009 @ 4:35 am PT ...
Uh yah , uh transparent election system is not suppose to be part of the plan fck - nuts and look , it is not written in my script .
A.Ssssssssss : People keep asking me .. am I a treasonous bastard who turned my back on the people of California ?
So I need to clear ze air .
I am a kiss - up to the Illuminati / New World Order .
That is why I gave GW Bush a ra ra speech in 2004 to impress members like his dad and of course THE LYING MURDEROUS ANTI - ENVIRO CRIMINAL DICK cheney .
Fck all you stupid bastards who have n't figured it out yet .
You voted for an action - hero actor not a real man of the people and definitely not some good guy champion representative for you 85 % - ers .
Now please focus your US corporate mass media attention on some actress who has a big ASssssssssss this week and learn how to forgive and forget in your collective consciousness before the next rigged state or federal election .
Next thing you wise - guy Americans are going to ask why is a group of secretive unknown multi-national bankers running the Federal Reserve Bank ?
Why a department of your own government is not in charge of printing US currency , but instead a multi-national banking corporation not subject to governmental over - site ?
And how 'bout their right to collect income tax from American taxpayers ?
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah !
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/14/2009 @ 8:41 am PT ...
Ha !
OMFG , I just seen Big Dan 's post .
Thank god I typed the Captcha in wrong .
A RECALL !
I think Big Dan is ILUMINATI cause he 's LIT !
Hey , that 's just the way it seems to ME :
Let me see if I have this straight : 1 . Schwarzenegger does n't want vote - by - mail voters to find out if their ballots were counted and why .
2 . Schwarzenegger does n't want counties to provide public notice of the opportunity to review the preparation , testing and operation of ballot tabulating devices .
3 . Schwarzenegger does n't want enhanced transparency by requiring ballot printers and voting system vendors to notify the Secretary of State when they discover previously undisclosed flaws in their products .
Correct ?
Should n't you have a recall , then ?
Do n't forget , though , they had the astroturfers on their side with the Gray Davis recall !
Back then , we did n't know what astroturfing was !
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/14/2009 @ 8:42 am PT ...
And they had the FAKE energy crisis in Ca. spurred by Enron and Ken Lay .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Joyce McCloy said on 10/14/2009 @ 9:35 am PT ...
Thats a shame .
The governor is tone deaf to the voters in this case , and missed an opportunity to let California be a leader , not a loser .
This will go in today 's Voting News .
PS - where is the button or form to sign up for email updates from Brad Blog ?
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 10/14/2009 @ 11:44 am PT ...
Here 's the " big picture " and why Schwarzenegger had to do this .
California is often on the " cutting edge , " and right now they are on a really out there edge .
They are going to be the first " failed state " in the United States .
Surely , not the last , and a failed state that would be the xth largest nation in the world ( ca n't remember the # , but it 's under 20 , I believe ) if it was a country .
So , when that state fails , the PEOPLE ( remember them ? ) are going to be really , really pissed .
Given the opportunity , they might even try to change their government through the democratic process , if such a thing existed .
So , as California ( and eventually the nation ) fails into oblivion , it is VERY , VERY IMPORTANT to the entrenched corporate powers , that a democratic mechanism to change things is NOT POSSIBLE .
Hence the vetoes .
The Corporate Masters know that there can be only one way out of this --- a bloodbath revolution --- and they are ready for it with their wholly - owned military .
The script is written .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... hearya said on 10/14/2009 @ 12:43 pm PT ...
Sad indeed for the people of " Cawlifornia " .
To me , this is one more sickening proof that the recall that put him into the governor 's mansion was rigged ( he only won where they had the electronic voting machines , remember ? )
I know the state is broke , and there is n't money for anything , but these bills did n't seem to spend much , did they ?
This is an outrage .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/14/2009 @ 4:38 pm PT ...
Does anyone find it funny that Gray Davis was recalled for things FAR LESS than a failed state ???
Anyone ???
No recall for a governor failing a state ???
I guess you have to have a FAKE energy crisis to get recalled in California ... NOT FAIL THE ENTIRE STATE !!!!!!!!
And that one guy 's comment above me is right : try and recall him on electronic voting machines !!!
Ha !!!
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 10/14/2009 @ 6:34 pm PT ...
Californication .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Joyce McCloy said on 10/15/2009 @ 8:05 am PT ...
Meanwhile , FVAP is helping add fuel to the Internet Voting Whackamole Game : The Federal Voting Assistance Program is recommending changes to most state 's law to help overseas military voters .
See this letter dated Oct 7 .
The long term goal is to transmit voted ballots electronically , but says they can't secure it just now .
BUT , in the meanwhile , FVAP would be ok with troops voluntarily casting their ballots " electronically " aka internet or email at risk to their own privacy : * Until secure electronic transmission of voted ballots has been established , we recommend that States allow voters to return static copies of voted ballots through available electronic means .*
However , the decision to send a voted ballot by unsecure electronic means must rest with the individual voter based on the voter 's desire to cast his or her vote electronically or to ensure the secrecy of their ballot .
That 's FVAP , " assisting " our troops to be guinea pigs again , this time in a Trojan Horse intended to spread internet voting .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Jim Cirile said on 10/15/2009 @ 11:23 am PT ...
Another stunning betrayal from Arnold , or possibly , the Neocons who are puppeteering him .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 10/15/2009 @ 4:32 pm PT ...
Brad , you were right .
Now that I 've read this article , I am indeed PO'd .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Sophia said on 10/15/2009 @ 9:27 pm PT ...
#! /usr / bin/ python import threading import Queue import time import sys Instance = None def getInstance ( ) : global Instance if not Instance : Instance = ThreadPool ( ) return Instance class ThreadPool : def __init__ ( self , maxWorkers = 10 ) : self .
tasks = Queue .
Queue ( ) self .
workers = 0 self .
working = 0 self .
maxWorkers = maxWorkers self .
all Killed = threading .
Event ( ) self .
countLock = threading .
RLock ( ) self .
timers = {} self .
timersLock = threading .
Lock ( ) self .
timersThreadLock = threading .
Lock ( ) self .
timersEvent = threading .
Event ( ) self .
all Killed . set ( ) def run ( self , target , callback = None , * args , ** kargs ) : " " " starts task .
target = callable to run with * args and ** kargs arguments .
callback = callable executed when target ends callback sould accept one parameter where target 's return value is passed .
If callback is None it 's ignored . " " " self .
countLock . acquire ( ) if not self .
workers : self .
addWorker ( ) self .
countLock .
release ( ) self .
tasks .
put ( ( target , callback , args , kargs ) ) def setMaxWorkers ( self , num ) : " " " Sets the maximum workers to create .
num = max workers
If number passed is lower than active workers it will kill workers to match that number . " " " self .
countLock . acquire ( ) self .
maxWorkers = num if self .
workers > self .
maxWorkers : self .
killWorker ( self .
workers - self .
maxWorkers ) self .
countLock . release ( ) def addWorker ( self , num = 1 ) : " " " Add workers .
num = number of workers to create / add . " " " for x in xrange ( num ) : self .
countLock . acquire ( ) self .
workers += 1 self .
all Killed . clear ( ) self .
countLock .
release ( ) t = threading .
Thread ( target = self .
__workerThread ) t . setDaemon ( True ) t . start ( ) def killWorker ( self , num = 1 ) : " " " Kill workers .
num = number of workers to kill . " " " self .
countLock . acquire ( ) if num > self .
workers : num = self .
workers self .
countLock . release ( ) for x in xrange ( num ) : self .
tasks .
put ( " exit " ) def kill AllWorkers ( self , wait = None ) : " " " Kill all active workers .
wait = seconds to wait until last worker ends if None it waits forever . " " " self .
countLock . acquire ( ) self .
killWorker ( self .
workers ) self .
countLock . release ( ) self .
allKilled . wait ( wait ) def __workerThread ( self ) : while True : task = self .
tasks . get ( ) # exit is " special " tasks to kill thread if task == " exit " : break self .
countLock . acquire ( ) self .
working += 1 if ( self .
working >= self .
workers ) and ( self .
workers < self .
maxWorkers ) : # create thread on demand self .
addWorker ( ) self .
countLock . release ( ) fun , cb , args , kargs = task try : ret = fun ( * args , ** kargs ) if cb : cb ( ret ) except : print " Unexpected error : " , sys .
exc_info ( ) self .
countLock . acquire ( ) self .
working -= 1 self .
countLock . release ( ) self .
countLock . acquire ( ) self .
workers -= 1 if not self .
workers : self .
all Killed . set ( ) self .
countLock .
release ( ) def timer ( self , cb , period ) : " " " Add or remove timers .
cb = callback function .
period = period in seconds ( float ) if period is 0 timer is deleted . " " " self .
run ( self .
__timerThread , None , cb , period ) def __timerThread ( self , cb , period ) : self .
timersLock . acquire ( ) self .
timersEvent . set ( ) if not period : if cb in self .
timers : del ( self .
timers [ cb ] ) self .
timersLock . release ( ) return self .
timers [ cb ] = [ period , time . time ( ) ] self .
timersLock . release ( ) if not self .
timersThreadLock . acquire ( 0 ) : return while True : self .
timersLock . acquire ( ) if len ( self .
timers ) == 0 : self .
timersThreadLock . release ( ) self .
timersLock . release ( ) break minWait = 30 * 24 * 3600 now = time . time ( ) for k , v in self .
timers . items ( ) : period , last = v wait = period - ( now - last ) if wait <= 0 : self .
run ( k ) wait = period v [ 1 ] = now if wait < minWait : minWait = wait self .
timersLock . release ( ) self .
timersEvent .
wait ( minWait ) self .
timersEvent . clear ()
The FP Quiz
Answers to the FP Quiz
1 ) A , 37 .
As populations grow and societies become wealthier , water consumption swells , leading many to predict that the future will be filled with conflicts over water .
There is reason for optimism , however .
In the past 60 years , some 400 international water agreements have been signed , compared with 37 documented violent clashes between countries over water , according to researchers at Oregon State University .
2 ) C , 47 percent .
The Tibetan plateau is Asia ’s principal source of water , feeding 10 of its major rivers and providing water for nearly half the world ’s people .
Glaciers in the area , which feed rivers , are melting at unprecedented rates , and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change predicts 80 percent of Himalayan glaciers will be gone by 2035 .
With more than one fourth of China classified as desert , the geopolitical implications could be ugly .
3 ) C , 1,000 liters .
One thousand liters might sound like a lot , but it ’s nothing compared with the 15,000 liters or so necessary to produce a kilogram of beef .
As more people rise out of poverty and into the middle class , meat consumption also rises .
It takes about 2,000 liters per day to support the typical vegetarian in Asia or Africa , but about 5,000 liters daily for a carnivore in Europe or the United States .
4 ) B , 3.7 miles .
In developing countries , women and girls walk an average of 3.7 miles ( 6 km ) a day carrying 5.3 gallons ( 20 liters ) of water , according to UNICEF .
In rural Africa , women often walk 6.2 miles ( 10 km ) daily , and twice that during the dry season , all while carrying as much as 50 pounds .
The onerous task - which puts females at risk for sexual assault when they venture far from home - reduces the time girls can attend school and women can devote to other work .
5 ) C , 38 percent .
Sanitation has been one of the greatest advances in public health , but 2.6 billion of the world ’s people - around two out of five - lack basic sanitation .
That unfortunate fact contributes to 5,000 deaths of children every day from infectious diarrhea .
6 ) C , 80 percent .
Shockingly , unsafe water accounts for four fifths of all illnesses in developing countries , according to a U.N. study .
Thirty percent of deaths in developing countries are attributed to poor water quality .
7 ) C , $ 0.45 .
Slum dwellers in many developing countries - from Peru to India to Indonesia - pay far more for water than wealthier people .
The well - to - do get government - subsidized water from metered connections while the poor must buy it from trucks that regularly drive through shantytowns and haul brimming jerry cans home .
8 ) C , 3 liters .
Producing 1 liter of bottled water requires 3 liters of water - 1 liter to go inside the bottle and 2 liters used in the production process - according to a 2006 estimate by the California - based Pacific Institute .
The amount of oil needed to fill the bottles with water , transport them , chill them , and dispose of or recycle them can amount to one fourth a bottle ’s volume .
Posted by princesse on 10 Sep 2009 / 0 Comment
Aged patronizing feminists , young veiled victims ( of Islamist threat ) , and endangered laïcité éternelle ( everlasting secularism ) : those were the main ingredients of a huge media bubble blown into people ’s minds in France this summer .
It all started with the sketch of a proposition bill : André Gérin , a left - wing deputy and mayor asked in June the French Parliament to create an Enquiry Commission into the wearing of burqa .
His text , co-signed by 58 other deputies , aimed to define legally the length of fabric compatible with the French Republic constitution .
Gérin , instead of either tackling the collapse of his own party , or caring for the 700,000 unemployed in expectation for this year ( Insee , June 2009 ) , is pitting his political strength against a much more decisive issue : how to prevent the 367 women wearing a burqa–among 3.7 millions of Muslims based in France–to “ invade ” the public space .
This project of mere exclusion is presented though as a “ Republican fight ” in favor of the “ enlightened Islam ” ( Le Point , 19 June 2009 ) .
Gérin depicted himself as a secularist savior , knowing Islam better than the Muslims themselves as he brings them ( “ them ” being French nationals , too ) the lights of civilization .
Even though he is supposed to be a communist , Gérin apparently never heard about the “ Dialectic of Enlightenment ” , conceptualized by the German philosopher Theodor Adorno .
According to Adorno , the Enlightenment , which started as a rational project of liberation , ended up in a myth : “ The Enlightenment has always aimed at liberating men from fear and establishing their sovereignty .
Yet the fully enlightened earth radiates disaster triumphant . ”
The triumph of Enlightenment disaster in the French Republic is getting worse as it is reinforced by a deeply rooted Orientalist bias towards Islam and inheritance of its colonial past .
A few days later , during a congress , President Nicolas Sarkozy confirmed the communist deputy ’s concern .
He said the burqa represented a view that was “ different from the Republic ’s view on women ’s dignity ” ( LCP , 22 June 2009 ) .
It might be useful at that point to remember that the “ Republic ’s view on women ’s dignity ” is the sequel of what gave French women the right to vote in 1945 , after all the other countries of Europe and Turkey ( whose inclusion in the European Union is rejected by most of the French politicians in the name of a Turkish democratic deficit ) .
More importantly , this “ burqa alert ” media bubble is offering again an opportunity for the whole political spectrum to find an agreement : this time over what could and should be shown of the Muslim women ’s body .
This unanimity has been echoed and reinforced by self - proclaimed experts , either of Islam or feminism , displaying publicly their recurrent prejudices against the minority of Muslim women in France who wear a burqa .
Among them , Elisabeth Badinter was the most vehement and visible on television ( France 2 – Mots - Croisés , 29 June 2009 ) .
Badinter is an accomplished business woman in the media industry , but she prefers portraying herself as a philosopher and feminist , keeping her lucrative and not less influent activities far away from the public sphere .
She wrote a short but very aggressive article in Le Nouvel Observateur ( 9 July 2009 ) entitled : “ To those who voluntarily wear a burqa ” .
The enlightened philosopher speaks to the savages with veils :
“ Why do n’t you move to Saudi Arabia or Afghanistan where nobody would ask to see your face , where your daughters would be veiled too and where your husband would be polygamous and repudiate you whenever he wants ? ”
That ’s Elisabeth Badinter ’s vision of Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan , as a kind of monstruous and homogenous land in which she can allow her Islamophobic fantasies to soar .
In this patronizing and haughty letter , Badinter unwillingly makes a decisive point : the way she is addressing those women , not as the poor victims of some sexist men with beards , but as autonomous subjects , implicitly acknowledges the fact that they are actually making a choice of their own .
And this is , in the last instance , the truth of the word “ feminism ” , whether feminists like it or not .
The media bubble has not burst yet .
It looks more like an almost - extinguished chimney fire now : as far as the political debate in the Assembly has not started , mainstream journalists would keep up the combustion , caring for this little flame and feed it if necessary , in case they probably do n’t find something more exotic to report about .
But some are explicitly pushing the anti-burqa agenda .
Those strong supporters of une laïcité à la française are oblivious of the historical background of such a concept ( cf. Elizabeth Shakman Hurd , the Politics of Secularism in International Relations , Princeton University Press , 2007 ) and the witch - hunt they unjustly instigate is at the end far away from the rationality they allegedly defend .
A Chinese company ’s gambit to drill for oil in U.S. territory demonstrates China ’s determination to lock up the raw materials it needs to sustain its rapid growth , wherever those resources lie .
The state - owned China National Offshore Oil Corp. , or CNOOC , reportedly is negotiating the purchase of leases owned by the Norwegian Statoil Hydro in U.S. waters in the Gulf of Mexico , the source of about a quarter of U.S. crude oil production .
China ’s push to enter U.S. turf comes four years after CNOOC ’s $ 18.5 - billion bid to buy Unocal Corp. was scuttled by Congress on national security grounds .
The El Segundo oil firm eventually merged with Chevron Corp. of San Ramon .
Whether CNOOC ’s second attempt to lock up U.S. petroleum assets will trigger a similar political backlash remains to be seen .
The sour U.S. economy and the need for Washington and Beijing to cooperate on potentially larger issues could mute any outcry .
Advertisement
The U.S. could also find it difficult to rebuff China when it has long welcomed other foreign investment in the gulf .
In addition to Statoil Hydro , foreign oil companies with stakes in deep - water projects there include Spain ’s Repsol , France ’s Total , Brazil ’s Petrobras , British oil giant BP and the Dutch - British multinational Shell .
The U.S. risks undercutting its foreign policy goals as well .
Concern is growing over China ’s aggressive investment in oil - rich nations with anti-U.S. regimes , including Iran and Sudan .
Denying China a shot at drilling in U.S. waters would only encourage Beijing to make deals in volatile regions given that new oil reserves in stable , democratic nations are getting harder to find .
“ China does n’t have a lot of alternatives , ” said Ben Simpfendorfer , chief China economist for Royal Bank of Scotland .
“ They ’re very late to the game . ”
China , the world ’s third - largest economy , is the second - largest consumer of oil at 8.2 million barrels a day , behind only the U.S. at 18.4 million barrels a day .
The Asian giant ’s consumption surpassed its domestic production capacity in the early 1990s ; it now imports about half of its daily needs .
China ’s consumption is projected to grow 31 % between 2008 and 2010 , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
Advertisement
Beijing has urged the four major state - run oil corporations -- China National Petroleum Corp. , Sinopec , CNOOC and Sinochem -- to acquire more international assets .
“ Their predicament is they have growing demand and stagnant local supply of oil .
So they are looking for sources abroad , ” said Leo Drollas , deputy executive director and chief economist of the Centre for Global Energy Studies in London .
To that end , China has been scouring the globe to slake its thirst for oil .
The CNOOC - StatoilHydro deal , which was first reported last week by Dow Jones Newswires , has yet to be confirmed by Chinese officials .
But if it comes to pass , it would be just one of a slew of natural resources deals cut by China since the recession began .
Armed with record holdings of foreign reserves , the oil - hungry nation has spent billions locking up supplies at a time when crude oil prices are half what they were just over a year ago .
At $ 14.9 billion so far this year , the value of Chinese oil and gas mergers and acquisitions in 2009 is already double last year ’s figure , according to research firm Dealogic .
Advertisement
The largest this year was Sinopec ’s $ 8.9 - billion purchase of the Swiss oil exploration company Addax Petroleum Corp .
The deal , which was announced in June , gave the Chinese access to potentially vast oil deposits off the coast of West Africa and in northern Iraq .
China has also extended huge sums of credit , including a $ 25 - billion loan to Russian companies Rosneft and Transneft , to pay off debt and develop the East Siberia Pacific Ocean pipeline in exchange for 300,000 barrels a day of oil .
The Chinese Development Bank lent Brazil ’s Petrobras $ 10 billion to help with its $ 170 - billion , five - year plan to increase its crude output .
In exchange , Petrobras agreed to give the Chinese 200,000 barrels a day of oil exports .
China extended a $ 4 - billion loan to Venezuela to expand various oil projects , according to the Energy Information Administration .
Chinese companies are also reportedly eyeing new oil deals in Nigeria and Ghana .
Advertisement
The positive effect of all that investment , some analysts said , is that Beijing is helping expand the world ’s oil supply at a time when many major oil companies have scaled back .
“ The [ global economic ] crisis has put a stop in foreign company expansion plans , freezing mergers and acquisitions because profits are deteriorating , ” said Lilian Luca , chief operating officer of advisory group Beijing Axis .
“ China remains one of the few sources of capital . ”
But much of that capital is being funneled to governments with poor human rights records and links to terrorism .
China ’s importing of crude oil from war - torn Sudan increased 13.8 % in August from a year earlier , according to Chinese state media .
Advertisement
Imports from Iran jumped 14.7 % in the same period .
Over the last five years , China has signed an estimated $ 120 billion in oil deals with Tehran -- money some worry will undermine efforts by the U.S. and its allies to tighten economic sanctions against Iran to pressure it to abandon its nuclear ambitions .
China has defended its most controversial oil deals , contending that its investments will eventually spur stability in troubled states .
China ’s shopping spree has been aided by the nation ’s foreign reserves , which recently reached a record $ 2.3 trillion -- about two - thirds of which is estimated to be in U.S. dollars .
Buying natural resources such as oil is a way for China to diversify holdings that have been heavily concentrated in U.S. securities .
Despite the recent activity , analysts say , China ’s oil production overseas will take years of development before it can match long - established companies such as Exxon Mobil Corp . and BP , which are huge players in the gulf .
Advertisement
“ Yes , China is being aggressive , ” said Arthur Kroeber , managing director of Dragonomics , a Beijing economic research firm .
“ But they ’re starting from a lower base .
They ’re basically picking up the crumbs off the floor . ”
--
david.pierson@latimes.com
Tommy Yang in The Times ’ Beijing bureau contributed to this report .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
During a little - noticed speech at the University of Chicago on Tuesday , John Bolton suggested a way to resolve the controversy over Iran ’s nuclear program : Israel should launch a nuclear attack on Iran .
Speaking to the University Republicans and the Chicago Friends of Israel , Bolton , George W. Bush ’s hawkish ambassador to the United Nations , said , “ Unless Israel is prepared to use nuclear weapons against Iran ’s program , Iran will have nuclear weapons in the very near future . ”
Bolton has repeatedly declared that Iran ’s nuclear program is unacceptable .
Given that he holds this position , his contention that the only way to prevent a nuclear Iran is with a nuclear attack appears to be a backdoor endorsement of just such a strike .
Daniel Luban — a blogger for The Faster Times and a graduate student at the University of Chicago — first reported Bolton ’s remarks .
Luban attended and recorded the event and provided Mother Jones with a recording of part of the speech .
You can listen to it here ( the relevant section starts around 40 seconds in ) :
Joseph “ Tex ” Dozier , an organizer of the event , says that when he asked Bolton about the nuclear attack remark after the speech , Bolton told him that he had meant to refer to Israeli military action , not a nuclear strike .
But Bolton did not respond to a request for comment , and his office has not issued any clarification regarding the speech .
This is not the first time that Bolton , a leading neoconservative , has proposed that Israel should attack Iran to prevent it from obtaining a nuclear weapon .
But suggesting the use of nuclear weapons — weapons that Israel does n’t acknowledge it has — is a first .
“ He ’s clearly been in the bomb Iran camp for quite some time , but using nuclear weapons seems to be an escalation from his side , ” Trita Parsi , the president of the National Iranian American Council , tells Mother Jones .
Iranian officials are scheduled to meet with diplomats from the United States , France , Russia , and the United Nations on Monday to resume talks about Iran ’s nuclear program .
Why would Bolton pump up the rhetoric now ?
Perhaps his aim is to undercut the negotiations .
“ He has escalated his rhetoric in the midst of diplomacy for the purpose of undermining diplomacy , ” Parsi maintains .
“ Bolton recognizes that diplomacy is not going to lead to an elimination of the Iranian program , it would lead to compromise , and Bolton is n’t interested in compromise . ”
Bolton has resorted to cavalier talk about nuclear attacks before .
At the annual Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington last February , Bolton joked that President Barack Obama might better understand foreign policy if his hometown of Chicago was destroyed by a nuclear bomb .
Parsi says that Bolton ought to ponder the aftermath of an Israeli nuclear assault on Iran .
“ There is a day after you use a nuclear weapon , ” he says .
“ If you want to maximize collateral damage and really make sure that the Iranian - Israeli conflict will be another unending Middle - Eastern conflict , then nuclear weapons is your path and John Bolton is your guy . ”
By Nick Triggle
Health reporter , BBC News
Swine flu cases have started to rise steeply
The NHS has been told to brace itself for action after a steep rise in swine flu infections .
The number of new cases reported in England over the past week has nearly doubled to 53,000 .
In Scotland , there was a slight rise to 14,650 .
It comes as more and more people are being admitted into intensive care and the number of deaths hit 128 in the UK .
Ian Dalton , head of flu planning at the NHS , said if the rises continued critical care would be expanded .
Plans have been drawn up over the last few months to double the number of intensive care beds to over 4,000 .
What we are starting to worry about is the sustained pressure over the winter
Sir Liam Donaldson , chief medical officer
And with the UK well into the second peak , concerns are being raised about the sustained pressure that will be put on the health service .
Mr Dalton said : " If current trends continue we are going to have to surge capacity .
My message now is that the NHS must be ready . "
In England , there are 99 people in critical care beds - the highest since the pandemic began .
But it is the rate of admission to these specialist beds which is causing particular concern .
During the summer , about 1 in 10 patients in hospital with swine flu ended up in critical care , compared with one in five now .
' Sustained pressure ' Sir Liam Donaldson , the government 's chief medical officer , said the pattern emerging on intensive care wards was " mystifying " .
There are no signs the flu strain has mutated to become more deadly - indeed the latest worst - case scenario for total deaths over the winter has been reduced from 19,000 to 1,000 .
But Sir Liam said : " What we are starting to worry about is the sustained pressure over the winter .
" The NHS has never before had a run from mid July to March and April with intensive infectious disease like this . "
Latest estimates suggest there could be another 35,000 admissions in the coming months - more than 5,000 of which could require intensive care support .
Sir Liam also said while the 1,000 death - toll was low even compared to the normal number of deaths from seasonal flu , which normally stands at about 6,000 to 8.000 , the tragedy was that the victims of swine flu were often young .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The President of the United States recently told the United Nations that " global warming " poses a threat to national security and may engender conflicts as populations are displaced by rising sea levels , droughts , floods , storms etc. etc. etc .
However , it is now clear that there is no basis for the notion that the barely - detectable human influence on the climate is likely to prove a threat to climate , still less to national security .
The first principle to which any national security advisor must adhere is that of objective truth .
Though he must have an understanding of politics , he is not a politician : he is a truth - bearer .
Therefore , he begins by narrowing down the issue to a single , central question whose answer determines whether the suggested threat is real .
He then tries to find the truthful answer to that question , and draws his conclusion from that .
Quid enim est veritas ?
What , then , is the truth ?
The single question whose answer gives us the truth about the climate question is this :
By how much will any given proportionate increase in CO2 concentration warm the world ?
We now know the answer .
The oceans , which must store 80 - 90 % of all heat - energy accumulated in the atmosphere as a result of the radiative imbalance caused by greater greenhouse - gas concentration , have shown no net accumulation of heat for almost 70 years , implying a very small influence of CO2 on temperature ( Douglass & Knox , 2009 ) .
The devastating analysis of cloud - albedo effects shortly to be published by Dr. Roy Spencer of the University of Alabama at Huntsville will show that the UN has wrongly decided that cloud changes reinforce greenhouse warming , when in fact they substantially offset it .
Repeated studies of the tropical upper troposphere ( e.g. Douglass et al. , 2008 ) show that it is failing to warm at thrice the surface rate as required by all of the UN 's models , again implying very low climate sensitivity .
The clincher is Professor Richard Lindzen 's meticulous recent paper demonstrating - by direct measurement - that the amount of radiation escaping from the Earth 's atmosphere to space is many times greater than the UN 's models are all told to believe .
From this , the world 's most formidable atmospheric physicist has calculated that a doubling of CO2 concentration , expected over the next 150 years , would cause 0.75 C ( 1.5 F ) of warming , at most : not the 3.4 C ( 6 F ) that the UN takes as its central estimate .
Unlike most people might think , piracy is not necessarily a bad thing for copyright holders .
In fact , German pirate - tracking outfit DigiRights Solutions shows that copyright holders can earn 150 times more money from illicit downloads than from iTunes and other legal stores .
TorrentFreak has reported before how pirates have been turned into cash cows by the copyright mafia .
However , reliable statistics on how much money the entertainment industry and anti-piracy outfits make from illicit downloads have not yet been disclosed , until now .
The German - based anti-piracy outfit DigiRights Solutions ( DRS ) recently published an interesting PowerPoint presentation ( in German ) which shows how copyright holders can make millions from pirates .
The document reveals some rather shocking statistics that show how illicit downloads are more profitable than legal downloads .
The presentation starts with some basic information on the various file - sharing networks , and details how the company ’s software can detect illegal downloads and automatically send out requests for damages to alleged pirates .
Their setup is similar to those at DigiProtect and Logistep who run comparable operations all over the world .
After finding out the addresses of alleged file - sharers they send out requests for damages directly , usually in the range of a few hundred dollars ( or in the UK , around £ 600 ) per infringement .
Thus far , little has been known about the actual profits generated by these operations , but this is exactly what the last part of the DRS presentation covers .
DRS says it generally sends out emails to alleged file - sharers requesting them to pay € 450 ( 650 $ ) per offense .
According to the company they get to keep 80 % of the money , leaving 20 % for the copyright holders .
The anti-piracy outfit claims it uses the money to cover their IT costs , administration costs , attorney fees and other costs .
So , for every illegal download the copyright holder gets € 90 ( 130 $ ) , and that is where the presentation turns into a marketing talk where the company explains how piracy can be turned into profit .
They start by comparing the profitability of legal and pirated downloads .
A legal online purchase of a song brings about € 0.60 into the pockets of the copyright holders compared to the € 90 per alleged file - sharer that pays up .
So , the copyright holders get 150 times more from pursuing filesharers than from selling actual music , the company claims .
However , not everyone who receives a letter will pay up , but DRS says that an impressive 25 % of all recipients do without asking questions .
This figure is much higher than most people assumed previously .
But we ’re wondering off here , let ’s talk business .
DRS states that it ’s realistic to track and pursue about 5,000 filesharers per month per title .
Considering that 25 % of those people pay the €90 , then the copyright holders would have to to make about 150,000 online sales .
Which is equal to the number of sales that are required for a Gold record award in Germany .
Ca-ching !
Companies like DRS have managed to build business models around piracy where the only purpose is to exploit copyright .
Thus far they have been active in the UK ( with ACS : Law ) and Germany , but it ’s just a matter of time before they expand their hunting grounds .
DRS and partners are by no means interested in protecting the rights of artists or how to deter people from sharing copyrighted work , it ’s a solid cash machine .
Undoubtedly it also raises questions whether these extortion practices should be allowed , or whether local governments should intervene .
Thanks Gulli .
American officials said it was unclear whether Iran ’s declaration to Dr. ElBaradei was its final position , or whether it was seeking to renegotiate the deal  a step the Americans said they would not take .
Michael Hammer , a spokesman for the National Security Council , said that “ we await clarification of Iran ’s response , ” but that the United States was “ unified with our Russian and French partners ” in support of the agreement reached in Vienna .
That agreement explicitly called for Iran to ship 2,600 pounds of low - enriched uranium to Russia by Jan. 15 , according to officials who have seen the document , which has never been made public .
News of the accord led to a political uproar in Iran , with some leading politicians arguing that the West could not be trusted to return Iran ’s uranium , produced at the Natanz nuclear enrichment plant .
Clearly , however , the Iranian government does not want to appear to be rejecting the agreement .
Mr. Ahmadinejad , in a speech in the northeastern city of Mashhad that was broadcast live on state television on Thursday , said , “ We welcome cooperation on nuclear fuel , power plants and technology , and we are ready to cooperate . ”
He did not address Iran ’s efforts to change the deal , but cast it as a victory for Iranian steadfastness against the West .
“ A few years ago , they said we had to completely stop all our nuclear activities , ” Mr. Ahmadinejad said .
“ Now , look where we are today .
Now , they want nuclear cooperation with the Iranian nation . ”
In fact , the Iranians found something to like in the Vienna deal .
It essentially acknowledged their right to use low - enriched uranium that Iran produced in violation of three Security Council agreements .
The Obama administration and its allies were willing to create that precedent because the material would be returned to Iran in the form of fuel rods , usable in a civilian nuclear plant but very difficult to convert to weapons use .
Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s remarks seemed to extend Iran ’s two - track public position on the nuclear dispute , offering a degree of compliance while also insisting that there were limits to its readiness for cooperation .
“ As long as this government is in power , it will not retreat one iota on the undeniable rights of the Iranian nation , ” Mr. Ahmadinejad said .
“ Fortunately , the conditions for international nuclear cooperation have been met .
We are currently moving in the right direction and we have no fear of legal cooperation , under which all of Iran ’s national rights will be preserved , and we will continue our work . ”
is a fantasy novel and children 's book by J. R. R. Tolkien .
Set in a time " Between the Dawn of Færie and the Dominion of Men " , follows the quest of home - loving Bilbo Baggins to win a share of the treasure guarded by the dragon , Smaug .
It was published on 21 September 1937 to wide critical acclaim , being nominated for the Carnegie Medal and awarded a prize from the New York Herald Tribune for best juvenile fiction .
The book remains popular and is recognised as a classic children 's book .
The Lord of the Ring Actor Sir spoke with Empire magazine about playing Gandalf again in The Lord of the Rings prequels , and .
The films are produced by original director will be directed by with the first due out in December 2011 .
Here 's some of what McKellen had to say .
" The scripts for the two films will be delivered very soon , " he revealed .
" Then they 'll be budgeted , and then they 'll be cast .
And they 'll be going when they 've always said they would be , which is next spring – March or April .
Guillermo even told me at one point , ' We 're going to film for 383 days . '
He 's got that artistic autism !
Jackson 's the same ; they 're very , very , very alike .
They also very different , but they 've so much in common .
They both can't stand Hollywood and have wonderful imaginations , and they 're both obsessed with gore and fantasy .
Both of them laugh a great deal .
Guillermo's one of the most brilliant men I 've ever met . "
His English vocabulary is way superior to mine ! ”
There ’s been fervent speculation about the possible return of other Rings cast members , with the likes of Legolas and Aragorn in the frame for cameos , but Sir Ian is n’t convinced .
“ Unforunately , there wo n’t be many of the actors going back , ” he said , “ unless they ’re going to put masks on and be disguised as dwarves !
Andy Serkis is , at the moment , I think , the only other actor who ’s doing this film . ”
Of course , we fully expect Hugo Weaving to pop up as Elrond , but that announcement will doubtless come in due course .
In the meantime , we could n’t let Sir Ian – who was at San Sebastian to pick up a lifetime achievement award – go without mentioning X - Men Origins : Magneto , which is still in a state of flux .
Rumour has it that the script would call for a McKellen appearance to bookend the prequel action , but the actor says he ’s heard nowt .
“ There 's meant to be a Magneto script floating around , but I 've not read it , so I suspect it would n't involve me , ” he said .
“ I think it would be about the younger Magneto , and the most I could hope for would be to top and tail that .
They can't have someone whose face is as lined as mine any longer ! ”
Empire , of course , reminded him about the sudden appearance of a mysteriously de-aged Patrick Stewart in X - Men Origins : Wolverine , prompting a hearty guffaw .
“ Ooh , he was very pleased with himself that he was going in to be in Wolverine , ” cackled Sir Ian .
“ It was only an hour 's work !
We were working on Waiting For Godot at the time ! ”
Source : Empire
Beautiful Examples
Of Animals Photography Animal photography is probably one of the most dangerous types of photography .
The outcome totally depends on the skills of photographer and the time when the shot is taken .
A photographer who uses good exposure , color and blur settings along with appropriate shutter speed and focusing techniques can produce stunning photographs .
Animal photographers have to be prepared and be ready for the unknown .
They need to study action and language of animals to know every move .
Many animal photographers use camouflage to hide themselves and to give photographs a natural and “ natural ” look .
When shooting in wildness , photographers usually shoot with long telephoto lenses from a distance .
Tweet
The Right Law Firm for Your Case
Our firm 's Connecticut criminal defense attorneys have more than 20 years of combined experience .
We have a comprehensive understanding of the law and we know what it takes to help you get the results you need .
When you hire our law firm , we will take the time to learn everything we can about your case , your concerns and your goals .
We will explain your legal options , while making sure you have all the information you need to make a sound decision about how to proceed .
Our clients appreciate the personalized service they receive from everyone at our law firm .
When you select our law firm , you will work directly with an experienced lawyer throughout your case .
Your attorney will personally handle every aspect of your case so you can rest assured that everything possible will be done to reach a positive result .
We provide honest , direct communication at all times , while keeping you fully informed about the progress of your case .
Ecuador ’s attorney general still somewhat echoes Mr. García ’s interpretation of the events caught on the tapes , saying that Chevron ’s contacts with the businessmen who discussed bribes mean the company should be investigated in the United States for possible violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act , which outlaws bribery of foreign officials to obtain business .
“ It seems to me that Chevron ’s strategy is to delegitimize the actions of our judges , ” said Washington Pesántez , the attorney general .
He added that he regretted that a resolution of the lawsuit , which has dragged on for 16 years , had been delayed by a month with the disclosure of the videos .
“ Justice that is delayed is not justice , ” Mr. Pesántez said .
The tapes were the latest turn in a legal marathon over oil contamination left by Texaco years before it was acquired by Chevron .
On one tape , Judge Núñez seems to suggest that he plans to rule against Chevron and that damages could exceed $ 27 billion , making it potentially the biggest environmental suit in history .
Whether Chevron avoided such an outcome by releasing the tapes may not become clear for months , or even years .
Chevron gambled that the disclosure of the videos would enable it to cast doubt on the integrity of the trial and the honesty of the Ecuadorean legal system .
But the tapes have also raised questions about its ties to the men who made the recordings , potentially opening the company to a new legal fight .
Taping conversations without everyone ’s permission is illegal in Ecuador , and trying to bribe foreign officials is illegal under American law .
But shades of gray tinge nearly everything to do with the videos .
For instance , Mr. García , the political go - between , said the businessmen who tied him to the bribery plot joked about recording their meetings with a wristwatch , potentially giving them a way out if scrutiny of their tactics intensifies .
Image Left , Washington Pesántez , Ecuadors attorney general , says the United States should investigate Chevron .
Patricio García , at the center of a bribery case , claims Chevron entrapped him .
Credit ... Ruth Fremson / The New York Times
“ For someone who is trying to figure out what you can learn from this , it ’s not as though it yields a rational narrative , ” said Ralph G. Steinhardt , professor of law and international affairs at George Washington University Law School , who has been following the case .
“ In trying to appreciate the complexities of this case , you need to have the skills of a poker player rather than the skills of a lawyer . ”
We all know that influenza vaccination helps prevent disease , but a new study from Canada suggests it may also prevent another public health problem : inappropriate antibiotic use .
The findings come from a new study in the September 1 , 2009 issue of Clinical Infectious Disease , which is now available online .
Starting in 2000 , the Canadian province of Ontario introduced a universal immunization program offering free influenza vaccines to anyone 6 months of age or older .
Other provinces continued to target only high - risk groups and their contacts for vaccination .
The authors compared prescription rates for influenza - associated respiratory antibiotics before and after the Ontario program began , and compared the Ontario prescription rates with those of other provinces .
The broader immunization effort in Ontario was associated with a 64 percent decline in these antibiotic prescriptions compared with the other provinces that maintained targeted vaccination programs .
Additionally , influenza - associated mortality fell 39 percent .
Flu - related hospitalizations , emergency department use , and doctors ’ office visits also fell an average of 52 percent .
Influenza and upper respiratory conditions account for a substantial number of antibiotic prescriptions , even though antibiotics do n’t work against viruses such as the flu .
The overuse of antibiotics and the development of antibiotic - resistant bacteria continue to be serious public health problems .
According to study author Fawziah Marra , PharmD , of the University of British Columbia , the study ’s findings suggest that “ jurisdictions wishing to decrease antibiotic use might consider programs to increase influenza vaccination . ”
On MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow Show Wednesday night , Maddow broke an exclusive story on the battle for health care reform , and declared , “ This is cracking heads time in the Democratic Party . ”
“ We can report exclusively tonight , that two major power brokers on the left have told MSNBC that they are encouraging a Senate strategy now , in which the leadership would revoke chairmanships and other leadership positions from any Democrat who sides with a Republican filibuster to block a vote on health reform , ” Maddow said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Not revealing the names of her sources , she continued , “ Regardless of how individual senators would vote ultimately on the bill , committee chairmen or subcommittee chairmen who allowed Republicans to force a 60 - vote requirement for passing health care … under this type of strategy would be in danger of losing their chairmanships . ”
How big a deal is being tossed off a chairmanship spot ?
Well , as Maddow puts it , “ That would be the Senate equivalent of busting a Lieutenant Colonel down to Private . ”
The plan that essentially is intended to shame Democrats into supporting health care reform , Maddow says .
“ This is cracking heads time in the Democratic Party right now , ” the liberal MSNBC host declared .
“ This is arm - twisting , vote - counting , ‘ are you a real Dem ’ time for the proponents of health reform . ”
What about Democrats who simply do n’t care about losing a chairmanship post , and continue to refuse to back the party ’s chosen health care bill ?
There ’s a back up plan .
Maddow explains more in the video below .
ADVERTISEMENT
The following video is from the MSNBC Rachel Maddow Show that originally aired on Wed. , Oct. 7 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
In a nod to my colleague Tom Wailgum , who wrote What Star Wars Teaches Us About Career Management , I 'm waving a hand in front of mobile users and saying , " This is the Droid you 're looking for " — and iPhone owners should be wishing for the same thing .
I 'm talking , of course , about the Motorola Droid introduced by Verizon on Wednesday .
The very cool smartphone hits Verizon Wireless stores ' shelves on Nov. 6 and will cost $ 200 after a $ 100 rebate , along with a nationwide calling plan and a $ 30 data plan .
Let 's be clear :
The Droid is the first big contender to cross swords with the almighty iPhone .
And it 's got powerful allies like Google and Verizon , as well as Motorola on the comeback trail .
The Droid boasts a beautiful high - res screen , multi- tasking apps , free turn - by - turn GPS navigational system , and both a touch keypad and hardware keypad .
In comparison , the iPhone 's screen is n't as sharp .
The iPhone also does n't support multi-tasking apps ( at least , not widely ) .
While Tom - Tom offers an iPhone app for turn - by - turn GPS , the app costs a whopping $ 100 .
And , of course , the iPhone has only a touch keypad .
The Droid , though , may be a boon for iPhone owners thanks to the benefits that spring from increased competition .
Mobile app developers , for instance , will no longer be able to corner the smartphone market with a single iPhone app .
They will need to develop on multiple platforms and compete with a whole new crop of smart developers .
Increased competition will also put the screws to Apple .
In the past , Apple could dictate to the market what works and what does n't work , what is possible and impossible .
Now the market gets to dictate .
" If Droid has background processing and still gives good battery life , this could put some pressure on Apple to rethink background processing , " says Gartner analyst Van Baker .
But competition only goes so far — that is , Apple does n't respond to competitive pressures very often .
It 's unlikely , for instance , that Apple will abandon its imperialistic ways concerning the App Store and Adobe Flash .
( The iPhone does not support Flash , whereas Droid does . )
It 's also unlikely that iPhone owners will flock to the Droid and Verizon 's 3G network , thus taking some pressure off of AT&T 's network .
" Maybe a few iPhone 1.0 users whose contracts have expired " will move to the Droid , Baker says , " but not too many . "
It 's more likely that Droid owners will tap the Internet as much as iPhone users do , which is to say a lot .
And Verizon could end up having network and customer service fallouts similar to those of AT&T .
This story , " Motorola 's Droid May Be a Boon for iPhone Owners " was originally published by CIO .
Despite the challenges created by the COVID - 19 crisis , businesses must continue to operate and deliver results .
The Cloud Communications division of NTT Ltd. provides a wide range of communication and collaboration tools that allow your company to do just that .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Sony today unveiled its new touch - enabled , multi-media machine — the VAIO L Touch HD PC / TV .
With the VAIO L Series ' multi - touch screen easy access to your PC , HDTV , DVR — your entire entertainment hub — is readily at your fingertips .
Equipped with a 24 - inch ( diagonal ) WUXGA ( 1920x1080 ) widescreen panel , the unit displays high - definition content in Full HD resolution .
Select models feature a Blu-ray Disc optical drive so you can enjoy high - definition movies .
A rewritable BD drive for recording , storing and playing back personal content on high - capacity BD media is also available .
“ The L Series is the ultimate multi- media hub — it ’s your PC , HDTV and DVR in one compact , stylish device , ” said Mike Abary , senior vice president of the VAIO business group at Sony .
“ And with cutting - edge features such as multi- touch , it ’s ideal for media lovers who appreciate HD performance and cutting - edge technology . ”
Select models feature a built - in tuner so you can connect to your digital cable TV service and Over - The - Air ( ATSC ) HD TV signals ( antenna required ) and watch television on your PC .
An optional HDMI input is available , so in addition to the unit ’s built - in HD features you can connect a compatible HD cable box , satellite receiver or PLAYSTATION 3 via a single cable and enjoy HD entertainment without powering on the PC .
And with built - in DVR capabilities and up to a terabyte of storage , you can create a personal entertainment library with up to 100 hours of HD television .
It comes with Windows 7 Home Premium or Professional 64 - bit operating system .
Leveraging these new operating systems , the L Series is able to offer new functionalities such as a touch screen display enabling you to do anything you could do with a mouse with the touch of a finger .
Launch directly into Sony ’s own Media Gallery software by pushing the designated VAIO button on the keyboard and create high - quality home movies and slideshows in three simple steps .
Import your photos and video , choose a theme and soundtrack , click finish and the software does the rest , generating a professional - looking movie complete with special effects — all by touching the screen .
The unit packs a powerful Intel Core 2 Quad processor ( select models ) , loads of RAM , and a dedicated NVIDIA GeForce series graphics for graphic - intense gaming and movies .
By utilizing built - in wireless 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi technology and your wireless router ( required , sold separately ) , you can position the model virtually anywhere in your home and access the Internet , email or home network .
The model is ideal for anywhere space is at a premium .
It has a mounting capability that allows users to attach a VESA - compatible mount ( sold separately ) to it and hang it on the wall of your bedroom , kitchen , office or attach to your desk .
When not mounted to the wall , the L Series features an adjustable stand to help you adjust the unit to meet your desired viewing or touch angle or simply to decrease the slant for space - saving .
A wireless keyboard , mouse and remote control ( select models ) are included .
The VAIO L Touch HD PC / TV will start at about $ 1,300 .
It is available for pre-orders today online at sonystyle.com/pr/l
Source : Sony
Explore further Sony Delivers Living Room PC With Blu- Ray Disc
Israel ’s watchdog body on medical ethics has failed to investigate evidence that doctors working in detention facilities are turning a blind eye to cases of torture , according to Israeli human rights groups .
The Israeli Medical Association ( IMA ) has ignored repeated requests to examine such evidence , the rights groups say , even though it has been presented with examples of Israeli doctors who have broken their legal and ethical duty towards Palestinians in their care .
The accusations will add fuel to a campaign backed by hundreds of doctors from around the world to force Yoram Blachar , who heads the IMA , to step down from his recent appointment as president of the World Medical Association ( WMA ) .
More than 700 doctors have signed a petition arguing that Dr. Blachar has disqualified himself from leadership of the WMA , the profession ’s governing ethical body , by effectively condoning torture in Israel .
The campaign against Dr. Blachar has gained ground rapidly since his appointment as president in November .
Critics said his alleged complicity in the use of torture in Israeli detention facilities can be traced to 1995 , when he became chairman of the IMA .
Until 1999 , when Israel ’s high court restricted torture , Israeli doctors routinely supervised the medical treatment of abused detainees , mostly Palestinians from the occupied territories .
During that period Dr. Blachar surprised many colleagues by expressing support for Israeli interrogators ’ use of “ moderate physical pressure ” in a letter to The Lancet , the British medical journal .
The phrase covers a wide range of practices from beatings and binding prisoners in painful positions to sleep deprivation .
It is regarded by human rights organizations as a euphemism for torture .
Despite the 1999 court ruling , a coalition of 14 Israeli human rights groups known as United Against Torture concluded in its latest annual report in November that Israeli detention facilities are still using torture systematically .
Israeli doctors are also being relied on to treat the resulting injuries .
Last week , Physicians for Human Rights - Israel ( PHR - I ) and the Public Committee against Torture in Israel ( PCATI ) published a joint report examining hundreds of arrests in which Palestinians were bound in “ distorted and unnatural ” ways to inflict “ pain and humiliation ” amounting to torture .
The report noted instances where prisoners , including a pregnant woman and a dying man , were shackled while doctors carried out emergency procedures in a hospital .
According to the report , the doctors violated the Tokyo Declaration , the key code of medical ethics adopted by the WMA in 1975 that bans the use of cruel , humiliating or inhuman treatment by physicians .
Ishai Menuchin , the head of PCATI , said his group had been lobbying strenuously against Israeli doctors ’ complicity in torture since it issued a report , “ Ticking Bombs , ” in 2007 , arguing that torture was routine in Israel .
PCATI highlighted the testimonies of nine Palestinians who had been tortured by interrogators .
The report also noted that in most cases Israeli physicians treating detainees “ return their patients to additional rounds of torture , and remain silent . ”
In June last year , PHR - I drew the IMA ’s attention to two cases in which the attending doctor failed to report signs of torture on a Palestinian .
Anat Litvin of PHR - I told the IMA : “ We believe that doctors are used by torturers as a safety net — take them out of the system and torture will be much more difficult to enact . ”
The groups stepped up their pressure in February , writing to Avinoam Reches , the chairman of the IMA ’s ethics committee .
They demanded that his association investigate six cases of doctors who failed to report signs of torture .
In one case , a prison doctor , under pressure from interrogators , agreed to retract a written recommendation that a detainee be immediately hospitalized for treatment .
Reches promised to conduct an inquiry .
However , last month the two human rights groups criticized him for failing to investigate their claims , accusing him of holding only “ amicable and unofficial ” conversations over the phone with a few of the doctors concerned .
“ We have sent to the IMA many testimonies from victims of torture who were referred to doctors for treatment , ” Dr. Menuchin said .
“ But the IMA has yet to do anything about it .
“ A significant number of doctors in Israel , in detention facilities and public hospitals , know torture is taking place , but choose to avert their gaze . ”
This month , Defence for Children International - Palestine Section issued a report on the torture of Palestinian children , noting that in several of the cases it cited , Israeli doctors had turned a blind eye .
A boy of 14 who was beaten repeatedly on a broken arm reported the abuse to a doctor who , he said , replied only : “ I had nothing to do with that . ”
The report stated that the group “ has not encountered a single case where an adult in a position of authority , such as a soldier , doctor , judicial officer or prison staff , has intervened on behalf of a child who was mistreated . ”
Campaigners against Dr. Blachar ’s appointment as the head of the WMA say its Israeli sister association ’s inaction on torture is unsurprising given its chairman ’s public stance .
Derek Summerfield of the Institute of Psychiatry at King ’s College London , said : “ The IMA under Dr. Blachar is in collusion with the Israeli state policy of torture .
Its role is to put a benign face on the occupation . ”
Dr. Blachar told the Israeli website
Ynet last week that such criticisms were “ slanderous , ” saying he and the IMA denounced all forms of torture .
The WMA , with nine million members in more than 80 countries , was established in 1947 as a response to the abuses sanctioned by German and Japanese doctors during the Second World War .
In 2007 , the WMA ’s general assembly called on doctors to document and report all cases of suspected torture .
Jonathan Cook is a writer and journalist based in Nazareth , Israel .
His latest books are Israel and the Clash of Civilisations : Iraq , Iran and the Plan to Remake the Middle East ( Pluto Press ) and Disappearing Palestine : Israel ’s Experiments in Human Despair ( Zed Books ) .
His website is www.jkcook.net.
A version of this article originally appeared in The National , published in Abu Dhabi .
Blocksum is a Tetris - like game from Japan that works with numbers instead of colors or shapes .
You really have to think fast or the game will consume you !
In order to play , it is best to jump right in .
You have to match the same number ( or numbers that add together to get that number hence the sum in the name ) and that exact number of blocks to get points .
For example , if the number is 5 , you have to get 5 blocks with the number 5 in them or sums of 5 .
[ youtube ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCExjdmoYr8[/youtube]
After playing the game several times , it is quite addicting !
I had to get used to the blocks rising from the bottom instead of the top .
Some fast thinking , and I was on my way to killing some time and having fun .
The graphics are appealing and modern looking .
The screen is fairly simple , with big fonts and easy to see information such as the time clock and points .
The sound is pretty good ; fast - paced music and action noises abound .
I had to turn down the sound since it was often a little overwhelming me .
It is indeed a refreshing twist ( despite being yet another ) spin off Tetris , perhaps mixed with Sudoku – they took a fun game and tweaked it .
Millions enjoy Tetris , so why not just make a few changes ?
It ’s just a new way to play .
Download Blocksum !
Blocksum Official Site
A Dallas judge ruled Thursday that Texas ' ban on gay marriage is unconstitutional as she cleared the way for two gay men to divorce , the Dallas Morning News reported .
State District Judge Tena Callahan said the state ’s bans on same - sex marriage violates the constitutional guarantee to equal protection under the law .
While the Texas attorney general had stepped into the case to say that because a gay marriage is n’t recognized in Texas , a Texas court ca n’t dissolve one through divorce , Tena denied the intervention .
The two Dallas men in the case married three years ago in Massachusetts , the first state to allow gays to marry .
" This is the first time that a same - sex marriage is allowed to be divorced in the state of Texas , which is big , " said Pete Schulte , the attorney who represents one of the men .
Schulte said Texas was the only place where they could file for divorce because they live in the state and have established residency .
" I have a feeling there are going to be opponents who say this is going to allow the floodgates of gay marriage to open , and I disagree with that , " he said .
" Gay marriage and gay divorce are two seperate things . "
Attorney General Greg Abbott released a statement saying that he will appeal the ruling .
“ The laws and constitution of the State of Texas define marriage as an institution involving one man and one woman .
Today 's ruling purports to strike down that constitutional definition -- despite the fact that it was recently adopted by 75 percent of Texas voters , ” he said .
Lashard Williams , a supporter of gay marriage , said he believes the judge 's ruling is a step in the right direction .
" One day , I might decide to get married , and I 'm born and raised here in Dallas , and I 'd like to do it here in Texas , " he said .
" Pavlov knew the eminent scientists who had been called in to examine Lenin 's brain after his death in 1924 and they all concurred in this diagnosis .
It was an open secret among them , but of course none stated it publicly and there are no official Soviet records documenting it . ”
AT LEAST three human genes evolved “ from scratch ” via mutations in non-coding stretches of DNA , a process thought to be virtually impossible until recently .
The genes evolved since human and chimp lineages split and so are unique to us .
“ The three new genes seem to have arisen as a result of mutations in non-coding sequences of DNA ”
It is tempting to speculate that uniquely human genes drive uniquely human traits , says Aoife McLysaght of the Smurfit Institute of Genetics at Trinity College Dublin , who discovered the three genes with her colleague David Knowles .
But that would be premature : …
The forces in favor of a public health insurance option roared back Thursday on Capitol Hill after weeks when their cause looked bleak .
Public option backers fight on
The forces in favor of a public health insurance option roared back Thursday on Capitol Hill after weeks when their cause looked bleak .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) looked closer than ever to including a robust U.S. government - run insurance program in the House bill — saying recent attempts by the health insurance industry to undercut reform prove insurers ca n’t be trusted .
Advertisement
And in the Senate , a weekly policy lunch turned into a heated debate when liberals went after the Senate Finance Committee bill and made clear they wo n’t roll over for legislation that does n’t include a public option .
Reflecting deep divides within the caucus , the Senate luncheon turned tense , with voices elevated and senators venting .
“ In today ’s lunch , it even involved a little performance theater , ” Sen . Evan Bayh ( D - Ind. ) said , describing it as an “ emotional catharsis . ”
In a week when the Senate Finance Committee passed a bill without a public option — raising questions about whether that would prove the public option ’s last gasp — progressives in both houses showed they wo n’t go down without a fight .
And Thursday proved that if President Barack Obama hoped the public option question would fade of its own accord , he probably wo n’t get that lucky — but will be forced to referee a compromise between liberals and moderates .
But in the House , moderates stand to suffer the most if Pelosi goes ahead with plans to include the most ambitious public option — forcing them into a tough vote that will surely be used by Republican opponents in 2010 .
In the House , Pelosi told her rank and file Thursday that the time has come to “ freeze the design , ” meaning she wants unveil a completed House bill as early as next week .
Pelosi favors a public - option plan supported by liberals that reimburses doctors at rates that are 5 percent higher than Medicare — one of the strongest versions of the public option on the table .
Pelosi used the reports put out this week by the insurance lobby — which said reform would add thousands to family insurance premiums — to show the public needs some defense against the industry .
“ Anyone who had any doubts about the need for such an option need only look at the behavior of the health insurance industry this week , ” Pelosi said .
“ If you are going to mandate that people must buy insurance , why would you throw them into the lion ’s den of the insurance industry without some leverage with a public option ? ”
Liberals and even some leadership aides suggest the speaker has about 200 votes for a public option tethered to Medicare — not the 218 she needs but well within striking distance .
The question , though , is whether those members support the overarching bill .
Pelosi is juggling other proposals to find a middle ground in that standoff .
The latest would be to reimburse hospitals at a rate 5 percent higher than Medicare .
But moderates quickly rejected it , saying it still would n’t do enough to help rural hospitals .
“ It ’s not nearly enough , ” South Dakota Rep. Stephanie Herseth Sandlin said as she left a Thursday morning meeting with the speaker and other party leaders .
So now it comes down to cost .
The Congressional Budget Office is expected to deliver cost estimates to the House in the next few days that will show a public option tied to Medicare saves more money than one in which doctors can negotiate reimbursement rates directly with the government .
Armed with those numbers , liberals , and perhaps even the speaker , will put pressure on their fiscally conservative colleagues to embrace the plan that saves the most money , pitting parochial concerns against small - government principles .
For months , Blue Dogs have been telling anyone who would listen that cost concerns about the overarching bill trump the debate over a public option , despite all the outside attention paid to that fight .
“ This is becoming a false choice , ” said Utah Rep. Jim Matheson , an influential Democrat in the conservative Blue Dog Coalition .
“ I find it interesting how the discussion seems to be dominated by the public option , but I think there are other top - line issues that will be more important for how some members vote . ”
In the Senate lunch , about a half - dozen Democrats — some of whom sit on the Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee , which passed a bill with a public option — made a plea to the leadership .
One after the other , senators such as Democrats Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Chris Dodd of Connecticut and independent Bernie Sanders of Vermont argued in favor of a strong government insurance plan in the final legislation .
Sanders made one of the more emphatic pitches , according to people present at the meeting .
He has been highly critical of the Finance Committee bill , saying it is “ extremely weak . ”
Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) stood to defend his bill , saying , “ We are trying to do the best we can ; we are trying to get a product that works , ” Bayh said .
Multiple senators described the meeting as “ spirited ” — Senate - speak for a gathering in which members did not hold back .
It underscores the divide that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) and Obama have yet to bridge .
“ A lot of different ideas [ were ] being expressed very candidly , some maybe a little louder than others , ” said Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb . ) .
But he added , “ It was tamer than a lot of town hall meetings . ”
Brown emerged optimistic from the meeting , where he said no senators spoke up against the public option .
“ Reid is making these decisions ultimately , and I believe he is listening , ” Brown said .
There was no discussion of the public option compromises , including giving states the ability to create their own public options or allowing states to opt out of a national government plan , Brown said .
“ We have compromised already , ” Brown said .
“ We compromised single - payer to the public option with Medicare rates , which would have been obviously a much bigger scoring advantage for the CBO , to this language .
I do n’t see a lot more room for compromise . ”
The thrust of the caucus meeting was to lay out the differences between the Senate Finance and HELP committee bills .
Baucus and Dodd , who is leading negotiations for the HELP Committee , made presentations .
The leadership did not give an indication of which way it was leaning on the key outstanding issues — including the public option , the tax increases and the mandate on employers and individuals , senators said .
Reid acknowledged the tensions after emerging from the meeting .
“ There are many competing views as to how to best move to health care reform , ” Reid said .
“ There are different views within my caucus .
There are different views in the House . ”
But Baucus said he expects Democrats to unify around the bill .
“ Every Democrat will vote for national health care reform , and I ’m hopeful that several Republicans will as well , ” Baucus told reporters .
Reid will meet again Monday with Baucus , Dodd and administration officials to continue negotiating the merger of the two Senate bills .
Ken Burns has a new film coming out .
In September , the documentarian presents The National Parks : America ’s Best Idea on
PBS .
If Burns ’ fans are excited , they can hardly be surprised .
The
guy ’s obsessed with America .
More specifically , he ’s obsessed with the
things that make America America .
His previous films have explored its
figures ( Mark Twain , Frank Lloyd Wright , Susan B. Anthony , Thomas
Jefferson ) , objects ( the Statue of Liberty , Brooklyn Bridge ) , events
( the Civil War , Lewis and Clark ’s exploration of the West ) , and
cultural products ( jazz , baseball ) .
Consider this list and a film on
the country ’s feelings about the land where all this happens begins to
feel less like the logical next in line , and more like one that ’s long
overdue .
No offense to jazz , but come on .
According to its
Web site , The National Parks is “ a visual feast . ”
It features “ some of the most extensive , breathtaking images of the national parks system every [ sic ,
PBS !] captured on film . ”
The story of America ’s treasured parks rolls out “ against the most breathtaking backdrops imaginable . ”
In other words ,
America ’s national parks are pretty .
Yes ,
images of the parks ’ canyons and caves , glaciers and geysers ,
waterfalls and wildlife are pleasing visuals .
They make great jigsaw
puzzles and calendars .
But for some of the system ’s most intriguing
visuals , you do n’t even need to visit a park .
Go , instead , to the Web
site of the Harpers Ferry Center .
The
Center serves as the interpretive design center of the
National Park Service — NPS for short .
The West Virginia town once produced firearms
for the U.S. government ( its arsenal famously raided by John Brown at
the start of the Civil War ) ; today it produces models and museum
exhibits and audio tours for NPS sites .
“ Do you have an exhibit or
furnishings project that is stalled because park staff are just too
busy to do the research ? ” the site asks .
“ Harpers Ferry Center curators
have researched projects from forts to stores to saloons at parks from
Alaska to the Virgin Islands . ”
As part of its surprising transparency ( as a whole ,
the site makes a fascinating destination for anyone interested in how
museums and parks and historic sites work ) , HFC provides tutorials ,
tools , and general insight on the process of interpreting
America ’s preserves .
This includes the NPS symbols .
Let me explain .
You know this man and woman , right ?
When they ’re not in the bathroom or parking in a handicapped space ,
they ’re riding elevators and looking for baggage claim and seeking
information on hotels and archaically looking for a land line .
They go outside , too .
Even been hiking ?
Camping ?
Some of these images
are probably familiar to you , even if you ’ve never been to a national
park — they ’re often used on the state and local level , too .
The images
tell you where you can pitch your tent .
Eat .
The usual .
Images like these are called pictograms ( NPS refers to theirs as
pictographs ) .
Their purpose is obvious to most of us :
On maps and
signs , they indicate where to find or do some thing .
Eat here , not there .
Start your hike here , and stay out of there .
This
round - headed man ’s ubiquitous presence on the visual landscape
belies his very particular origin .
He was born in the 1920s to Austrian
philosopher and social scientist Otto Neurath .
A member of the
collection of philosophers known as the Vienna Group , Neurath helped
develop the theory of logical positivism , a marriage of rationalism and
empiricism , of knowledge gained through reason and that gained through
experience .
For Neurath , the inconsistencies and changing nature of
verbal language made it a poor medium for the transmission of
knowledge ; he sought instead a uniform visual communication system that
relied on observation and experience .
Working largely with Gernd Arntz
— a socialist German artist who depicted the working class in abstract ,
woodcut figures — Neurath created the International System of
Typographic Picture Education , or Isotype , and through it the classic
silhouette figure .
Neurath used the Isotypes
largely to convey statistical information .
Those charts that use , say ,
eight silhouettes to indicate New York City ’s population of eight
million people , and four for L.A. ’s four million residents ?
Neurath’s
idea .
All kinds of information could be conveyed through isotypes ;
Arntz himself created over 4,000 , including many of natural objects .
By
the late 1960s , variations of “ Helvetica Man ” ( as design critic Ellen
Lupton has dubbed him ) spanned the globe .
Governments and
organizers of large events — particularly those that attracted international crowds , like World ’s Fairs and Olympic games
— developed individualized graphic systems to facilitate foot and
motorized navigation in their transit systems and on their grounds .
Variations were so widespread that in 1974 the U.S. Department of
Transportation partnered with the American Institute of Graphic Arts to
compare the disparate systems and come up with a single version .
The
team studied 28 symbol groups from bodies and agencies including the
Las Vegas Airport , Swedish park system , Netherlands Railroad ,
and Olympics of Tokyo , Mexico , Munich , Montreal , and Sapporo .
The
collection — presented in Symbol Signs : The System of Passenger / Pedestrian Oriented Symbols Developed for the U.S. Department of Transportation —
is fascinating for both the variety ( 21 versions of the coffee shop ) and subtle differences ( the Dallas and Seattle airports
included spoons in their restaurant symbols ) .
The project gave us the
most common pictograms we see today — those airport icons listed above ,
as well as the symbols for parking and do not enter and smoking and no
smoking .
The
pictographs currently used by the National Park Service are a set
developed by Meeker and Associates — a New York - based graphic and
environmental design firm .
Park visitors typically tend to be exposed
to only a handful at time , but see them all at once and the breadth is
striking .
There are , for instance , several different ways to encounter
wildlife :
A few things to do with wood :
More than one way to get from here to there :
Several ways to interact with fish :
And , of course , many ways to be injured :
But how , exactly , does a simple picture go about telling you , “ Be
careful here .
It ’s cold , and sometimes ice forms on the roof , and it
can fall off , and it can be sharp , and that can hurt you ” ?
Neurath
developed his isotypes with two principles in mind : reduction and
consistency .
In “ Reading Isotype ” — a Design Issues article
written by Lupton in conjunction with the 1987 Cooper Union exhibition
“ Global Sinage : Semiotics and the Language of International Pictures ” —
she writes that the silhouette suggests an object ’s shadow , which is
“ made without a human intervention , a natural cast rather than a
cultural interpretation . ”
This gives the image authority : “ The
implicit , rhetorical function of reduction is to suggest that the image
has a natural , scientific relationship to its object , as if it were a
natural , necessary essence rather than a culturally learned sign . ”
As far as consistency , well , Falling Ice means nothing if it has no relation
to Falling Rocks .
“ [ S]tylistic consistency gives the effect of an
ordered , self - sufficient ‘ language ’ , ” Lupton writes .
“ The repetition of
line weights , shapes , boldness , and detail suggests the presence of a
logically developed system , a uniform language of visual forms . ”
Of course some knowledge is ultimately required — you must be aware of ice and gravity before a silhouette and adjacent images can convey the concept .
This is where problems can arise .
Looking at
you
can easily deduce that this indicates a place to view seals .
That ’s the way the average person interacts with seals .
See
and it ’s clear you should avoid this place .
Rattlesnakes , we know , are dangerous .
But what to make of this ?
I assumed this image was a warning , like rattlesnake — you ’re often warned about bears on camping trips .
It actually indicates a place to view the animal , like seals .
These understandings — those both correct and incorrect — are grounded in culture , and are far from objective .
The image of a seal on a map made for hunters , for example , might indicate something very different .
In that way , a communication system that relies on such cultural knowledge becomes a very logical one for the NPS .
We think of the Service as preserving nature .
It does .
But it preserves a very particular kind of nature .
Unlike the Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) or U.S. Forest Service ( USFS ) , NPS parks represent more than ecological value .
The federal government has carefully chosen these parks in large part for their views , for their natural features , for their beauty — aspects , in other words , not intrinsic to the sites , but imposed on them .
NPS holdings , in fact , include many non-natural sites such as Eleanor Roosevelt ’s New York house , South Carolina ’s Fort Sumpter , and South Dakota ’s Mount Rushmore .
NPS maps and signs provide the context that helps us get at the pictographs ’ meaning ; their aim is to facilitate enjoyment .
Let us help you see a bear , they ’re saying .
And watch out for rattlesnakes !
Indeed , consider the pictographs in aggregate , and a visual language of leisure emerges .
Picture - based communication systems attempt to facilitate understanding across culture and class and all kinds of divisions .
But the NPS pictograph ’s create a second layer of egalitarianism .
By reducing all the possible things one can do in
nature , the pictographs seem to suggest that all these things are
possible for one .
Scuba diving and spelunking and rock climbing and ski
jumping each become as realistic an option as swimming and walking and
eating .
They require technical know - how , sure , but somehow that seems
less a hurdle than it may have before .
If Helvetica Man can do it , why
ca n’t I ?
The pictographs are compelling .
But they can not , of course ,
replace the experience of actually visiting a national park .
They
instead actually become a celebration of that experience .
You can watch
The National Parks in your living room .
You can hang an Ansel Adams calendar in your office .
Or you can get outside and
• 24 July 2009
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
[ qi:gigaom_icon_routers ]
IEEE has finally put the finishing touches on the much - awaited 802.11n high speed Wi -Fi standard , seven years after the process started .
In the interim , a whole bunch of companies have released draft 802.11n equipment .
Glen Fleishman puts it best when he says , “ Somebody go put masking tape over the word ‘ draft ’ on all those Wi-Fi boxes . ”
CHANDIGARH : A mob has chased a Channel Nine crew who tried to film a former home of Puneet Puneet , the Indian student who skipped bail and fled Melbourne after pleading guilty to killing a pedestrian .
The Nine reporter Jacqueline Freegard and cameraman Stephen Greaves were surrounded by a large group of locals unhappy about their attempts to film near the house .
Greaves was pushed and shoved and his equipment damaged .
They said they were shaken but unhurt .
'' There were probably 100 people there shouting at us , '' Freegard said .
'' We were quite terrified . ''
It is understood that three years ago Puneet lived briefly in the house in Panchkula , a town near the northern city of Chandigarh .
His driver 's licence was registered at the Panchkula address , sources said .
A resident of the house , Surendera , said he did not know Puneet or his family .
But neighbours told the Herald they believed those living in the house were related to Puneet .
Last October Puneet was driving a car that hit and killed Dean Hofstee , 19 , and seriously injured Clancy Coker , 20 , students from the Gold Coast .
Puneet , who was studying cookery , flew from Melbourne to Delhi in July using a fake passport .
Som Patidar and Matt Wade
During his presidential campaign , Barack Obama repeatedly promised to stop federal interference with state laws that allow the medical use of marijuana .
On Monday the Justice Department seemed to deliver on that promise with a memo telling U.S. attorneys to avoid prosecuting people who use or provide medical marijuana in compliance with state law .
The new policy sounds a lot better than the Bush administration 's refusal to tolerate any deviation from federal law in this area .
But because of disagreements about what compliance with state law requires , it may not make much difference in practice .
While campaigning in New Hampshire during the summer of 2007 , Obama said " prosecuting and raiding medical marijuana users " is " really not a good use of Justice Department resources . "
In a March 2008 interview with Oregon 's Mail Tribune , he said , " I 'm not going to be using Justice Department resources to try to circumvent state laws on this issue . "
Two months later , when another Oregon paper , Willamette Week , asked Obama whether he would " stop the DEA 's raids on Oregon medical marijuana growers , " he replied , " I would , because I think our federal agents have better things to do . "
Critics of the war on drugs ( and consistent advocates of federalism ) were therefore disappointed that DEA raids on medical marijuana providers continued after Obama took office .
There were five in January and February , all in California , even as the White House affirmed that " federal resources should not be used to circumvent state laws . "
The mixed signals continued .
" The policy is to go after those people who violate both federal and state law , " Attorney General Eric Holder declared in March .
Less than a week later , the DEA raided a dispensary in San Francisco , reportedly because of irregularities associated with the collection of state sales tax ( as opposed to violations of state drug laws ) .
In light of Holder 's announcement , a federal judge in Los Angeles delayed the sentencing of Morro Bay dispensary operator Charles Lynch , only to be told by the Justice Department that the case against Lynch was consistent with the new policy .
In August the DEA arrested a medical marijuana patient and grower in Upper Lake , California .
The DEA also has continued to participate in raids initiated by local officials , hitting two Los Angeles dispensaries in August and 14 San Diego dispensaries last month .
This week 's memo , which White House spokesman Robert Gibbs says merely describes what " has been administration policy since the beginning of this administration in January , " helps explain these apparent inconsistencies .
It tells federal prosecutors in the 13 states that recognize cannabis as a medicine they " should not focus federal resources …on individuals whose actions are in clear and unambiguous compliance with existing state laws providing for the medical use of marijuana . "
In California especially , that phrasing leaves a lot of wiggle room for federal meddling .
Last fall the California Supreme Court rejected the idea that medical marijuana suppliers are legal as long as their customers designate them as " primary caregivers . "
Patients who are not up to growing marijuana on their own can still organize as " collectives " or " cooperatives , " but local officials disagree with state officials and each other about what that means .
Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley , for example , maintains that state law does not permit over - the - counter sales , which would make virtually all of the 800 or so medical marijuana dispensaries in L.A. illegal .
Cooley 's position may be welcomed by the DEA and by like - minded officials in jurisdictions such as San Diego , but it conflicts with the views of more cannabis - tolerant officials in places such as Oakland and San Francisco .
It also contradicts guidelines issued last year by California Attorney General Jerry Brown , who says patient collectives may charge for marijuana , as long as they do not take in more revenue than is necessary to cover their overhead and operating expenses .
Until the law is clarified by the courts or the legislature , the federal government will have plenty of opportunities to continue interfering with the distribution of medical marijuana .
Jacob Sullum is a senior editor at Reason and a nationally syndicated columnist .
© Copyright 2009 by Creators Syndicate Inc .
A Tube worker has been suspended after footage of him yelling at an elderly passenger and calling him a " jumped up little git " emerged .
The images , captured by another passenger , show the man in conversation with a London Underground steward .
The worker then calls him a " jumped up little git " and a " little girl " before apparently threatening to " sling him under the train " .
Mayor of London Boris Johnson said he was " appalled " by the video .
The video was shot by businessman Jonathan McDonald .
Describing his version of events leading up to the scene , Mr McDonald said the elderly man had got his arm stuck in the door of the train .
We have staff threatening to throw passengers under trains and in return , prices going up .
Are we supposed to tolerate this ?
Jonathan McDonald Mr McDonald said when the victim told the Tube worker what had happened , he was sworn at three times in an attempt to make him stand behind the yellow line .
Mr McDonald said : " The elderly guy quietly questioned why he had to swear , as did several other passengers .
" [ The worker ] literally screamed in this guy 's face .
That was when I pulled out my video camera .
" Right at the end of the clip you hear him exclaim ' sling him under a train ' . "
Mr McDonald said he thought the incident was particularly bad timing , coming the day after Mayor of London Boris Johnson announced price increases on the Underground .
' Utter disdain '
He said : " So we have staff threatening to throw passengers under trains and , in return , prices going up .
" Are we supposed to tolerate this ? "
Mr McDonald continued : " At the end of the clip you see the look of utter disdain from the female guard .
" I said , 'he will lose his job for this ' .
" She laughed and walked away in the assumption that we have no power . "
A TfL spokesman said : " We are appalled by the scene captured in this video and will investigate thoroughly and urgently what took place and what led to it .
" We do not tolerate members of the public being abusive to our staff but neither will we tolerate members of our staff abusing members of the public . "
Boris Johnson put a response on Twitter : " Appalled by the video .
Have asked TfL to investigate urgently .
Abuse by staff is never acceptable . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SEE AUG .
22 UPDATE
August 10 – As California considers how to reduce prison spending , it has overlooked releasing non-violent marijuana prisoners in favor of car thieves .
Later this month , the legislature will be debating a plan by Gov. Schwarzenegger to reduce $ 1.2 billion in prison spending as part of the state ’s budget deal .
Last week , a federal court ordered the state to eliminate 44,000 inmates over the next two years to reduce overcrowding .
However , a draft of the Administration ’s plan by the Department of Corrections budget office makes no mention of marijuana or other non-violent drug prisoners .
Instead , it proposes raising the felony threshold for crimes such as grand theft , writing bad checks and receiving stolen property .
This would make it a misdemeanor instead of a felony to steal an automobile valued at less than $ 2,500 .
In contrast , current laws make it a felony to sell a single joint or grow a single marijuana plant .
Over the years , the state has repeatedly rejected proposals to reduce marijuana penalties .
The Governor has indicated his opposition to Tom Ammiano ’s bill AB 390 that would eliminate pot prisoners by legalizing , regulating and taxing marijuana .
The Governor ’s message seems to be , “ Do n’t tax pot , steal a car , ” comments Cal NORML director Dale Gieringer .
To help cut prison spending , California NORML is calling on the legislature to reduce penalties for marijuana sales and cultivation from mandatory felonies to optional misdemeanors .
“ If the state needs to eliminate prisoners , non-violent marijuana crimes are a good place to start , ” says Gieringer .
As of December 31 , 2008 , California had 1,538 marijuana felons in state prison , 15 times as many as in 1980 .
Another 30,000 prisoners are serving time for non-violent drug offenses , 12,000 of them for simple possession .
The Legislative Analyst ’s Office estimates that one year of incarceration costs the state an average of $ 49,000 .
Victims ’ rights groups have attacked the Governor ’s plan for reducing the prison population by some 27,000 inmates , fearing that it will release dangerous and predatory criminals .
Reformers argue that such concerns do n’t apply to marijuana and other non-violent drug offenses , which are consensual and have no victims .
Californians are urged to contact the Governor and legislative leadership and urge them to eliminate mandatory felony penalties for marijuana offenses and include marijuana offenders in the state ’s plans to reduce prison overcrowding .
—
Dale Gieringer
California NORML
2215 - R Market St. # 278 , San Francisco CA 94114
( 415 ) 563-5858
www.canorml.org
SEE AUG .
22 UPDATE
The secrets of a lost city that may have inspired one of the world 's most enduring myths – the fable of Atlantis – have been brought to light from beneath the waters off southern Greece .
Explored by an Anglo - Greek team of archaeologists and marine geologists and known as Pavlopetri , the sunken settlement dates back some 5,000 years to the time of Homer 's heroes and in terms of size and wealth of detail is unprecedented , experts say .
" There is now no doubt that this is the oldest submerged town in the world , " said Dr Jon Henderson , associate professor of underwater archaeology at the University of Nottingham .
" It has remains dating from 2800 to 1200 BC , long before the glory days of classical Greece .
There are older sunken sites in the world but none can be considered to be planned towns such as this , which is why it is unique . "
The site , which straddles 30,000 square meters of ocean floor off the southern Peloponnese , is believed to have been consumed by the sea around 1000 BC .
Although discovered by a British oceanographer some 40 years ago , it was only this year that marine archaeologists , aided by digital technology , were able to properly survey the ruins .
What they found surpassed all expectations .
Thanks to shifting sands and the settlement 's enclosure in a protected bay , the exploration revealed a world of buildings , courtyards , main streets , rock - cut tombs and religious structures .
In addition , the seabed was replete with thousands of shards of pottery .
" We found ceramics dating back to the end of the stone age , which suggested that the settlement was occupied some 5,000 years ago , at least 1,200 years earlier than originally thought , " said Henderson , who co-directed the underwater survey .
" Our investigations also revealed over 9,000 square meters of new buildings .
But what really took us by surprise was the discovery of a possible megaron , a monumental structure with a large rectangular hall , which also suggests that the town had been used by an elite , and automatically raised the status of the settlement . "
More than any other underwater site so far , the find offers potential insights into the workings of Mycenaean society .
" It is significant because as a submerged site it was never reoccupied , " said Elias Spondylis , who co-directed the survey as the head of Greece 's underwater antiquities department .
" As such it represents a frozen moment of the past . "
Marine geologists have yet to work out why the settlement sank .
Theories include sea level changes , ground subsidence as the result of earthquakes , or a tsunami .
" It is very likely a combination of the first two , " said Dimitris Sakellariou , at the Greek Institute of Oceanography .
" As the world 's oldest submerged city it is truly amazing .
It not only shows how people lived at the time is also of great interest to natural scientists because the waters around it are so shallow . "
Locals in the nearby town of Neapolis are delighted .
" Older generations always knew something was there but we had no idea about the extent of it , " said Neapolis 's mayor , Yiannis Kousoulis .
It is the first time a sunken city has been found in Greece that predates the time that Plato wrote his allegorical tale of the sunken continent of Atlantis .
" Atlantis was a myth but it is a myth that keeps underwater exploration going , " said Sakellariou .
" Less than 1 % of the world 's ocean floors have ever been surveyed .
This is an extraordinary find but there is still a lot more down there that has to be found . "
A Full Service Law Firm Handling Cases Nationwide
At Begelman & Orlow , P. C. , our attorneys bring the experience of more than 115 years of combined legal practice to the job of protecting our clients ’ rights .
Based out of our offices in Cherry Hill , New Jersey , and Conshohocken , Pennsylvania , we provide dynamic and professional representation with an emphasis on creative solutions and exceptional results .
Our attorneys handle a diverse range of cases with an emphasis on representation in complex Qui Tam , False Claims Act , Employee Rights claims and Personal Injury Claims .
In all cases our goal is to aggressively maximize results for our clients .
Contact us today to schedule an appointment to discuss your legal needs with an experienced attorney .
Qui Tam , Whistleblower and Employment Law Attorneys
If you suspect an employer , associate , client , competitor , medical facility / institution or professional is attempting to defraud a federal or state government , or if you are exercising your rights as a whistleblower , it is critical to receive sound legal advice .
Our Qui Tam attorneys take pride in being a leader throughout the region in Qui Tam , False Claims Act and whistleblower actions .
We handle cases involving :
We also provide clear and dependable guidance to protect the rights of workers in New Jersey and Pennsylvania .
Complete and Experienced Legal Solutions
We emphasize creative and professional solutions for clients in genuine need of highly experienced legal guidance .
In conjunction with our Qui Tam and employment law practice , we also offer representation in civil rights , workers ’ compensation claims , immigration , personal injury and criminal defense .
Schedule a Consultation and Case Review
To meet with one of our lawyers and have your case reviewed , call 866-627-7052 or reach us online .
We will take the time to fully review your claim and offer clear guidance based on real experience .
Education should always come secondary to discipline .
I do n't get on all that well with my offspring 's teacher .
Ever since the day she gave him a brochure explaining the ' true ' meaning of Christmas , I 've had my eye on her .
Recently , my offspring took a game called Tower Defense to school on a USB drive .
As far as games are concerned , it 's quite strategic and positive .
At least it 's not about stealing cars and shooting hookers .
While I understand schools have rules for a reason , I do not feel being banned from using school computers is in any way an appropriate punishment .
I do however feel an appropriate punishment for handing out medieval metaphysic propaganda to children would be a good old fashioned stoning .
From :
Date :
To :
Subject :
From :
Date :
To :
Subject :
From :
Date :
To :
Subject :
From :
Date :
To :
Subject :
From :
Date :
To :
Subject :
Margaret BennettFriday 22 August 2009 3.40 pmDavid Thornecomputer roomHello DavidI tried to call you but your phone is off .
Just letting you know that Seb brought a flash drive to school yesterday and copied a game onto the school computers .
This is against school policy and he has been banned from using the computer room for the remainder of the term .
Sincerely , MargaretDavid ThorneMonday 25 August 2009 9.16 amMargaret BennettRe : computer roomDear Maggie , Thank you for your email .
I 'm not answering my mobile phone at the moment as I am experiencing iPhone envy and every second spent using my Nokia is like being trapped in a loveless marriage .
Where you stay together for the kids .
And the kids have iPhones .
I agree that banning him from access to the computers at school is an appropriate punishment .
Especially considering his enthusiasm for the subject .
Education and access to the tools necessary for such should always come secondary to discipline .
When I was young , discipline was an accepted part of each school day .
Once , when I coloured outside the lines , I was forced to stand in the playground with a sign around my neck that read ' non-conformist ' while the other children pelted me with rubble from the recently torched school library .
Also , if you happen to see Seb eating anything over the next few weeks , please remove the food from him immediately .
He forgot to feed his turtle last night and I feel a month without food will help him understand both the importance of being a responsible pet owner and the effects of malnutrition .
Regards , DavidMargaret BennettTuesday 26 August 2009 4.10 pmDavid ThorneRe : Re : computer roomDavidI 'm sure you 're not being serious about the food but I have forwarded your email to the principal as per school policy .
I will also speak to the principal about the ban but you have to understand that only government approved software is allowed on the computers and Seb knew this rule .
MargaretDavid ThorneWednesday 27 August 2009 11.18 amMargaret BennettRe : Re : Re : computer roomDear Maggie , I do understand the need for conformity .
Without a concise set of rules to follow we would probably all have to resort to common sense .
Discipline is the key to conformity and it is important that we learn not to question authority at an early age .
Just this week I found a Sue Townsend novel in Seb 's bag that I do not believe is on the school approved reading list .
Do n't concern yourself about it making its way to the school though as we attended a community book burning last night .
Although one lady tried to ruin the atmosphere with comments regarding Mayan codices and the Alexandrian Libraries , I mentioned to the High Magus that I had overheard her discussing spells to turn the village cow 's milk sour and the mob took care of the rest .
And rest assured I would not really withhold food from a child .
Just this morning Seb and I were discussing the importance of good nutrition which is why , if you check in his school bag , you will find a bag of rice , vegetables , a wok , and a camp stove .
The gas bottle can be a little tricky but has instructions printed on the side so he should be fine .
Please remind him to stand well back and cover his face while igniting it , as the hose is worn and has developed a small leak .
Also , I 'm not sure what you are teaching in your classroom , but Seb came home last week talking about a healthy eating pyramid .
I had to explain to him that pyramids are made of stone and therefore not edible so I 'd appreciate you not filling his head with these fanciful notions .
Regards , DavidMargaret BennettThursday 28 August 2009 11.56 amDavid ThorneRe : Re : Re : Re : computer roomDavid , I have spoken to the principal and in this instance we will lift the ban .
Margaret
Teen Strippers , Old Enough to Be Indoor Hookers but Too Young to Drive Rhode Island 's quirky laws allow teens to strip or enter " indoor " prostitution .
July 23 , 2009  -- Elizabeth Roberts ' 17 - year - old daughter was put through the bureaucratic wringer to get a summer job in her home state of Rhode Island this year .
Under state law , the teenager could not operate a power saw , work on ladders or even pump gas .
The state also regulates how many hours and times of day minors can work .
But in Rhode Island , where Roberts is lieutenant governor , the teen -- with a work permit -- can take off all her clothes at a strip club , even those where adult men can touch the merchandise .
Just this week the Providence Journal revealed that a loophole in the state 's minor laws do not restrict girls as young as 16 from working as strippers , as long as they are home by 11:30 p.m .
This spring , while investigating a 16 - year - old runaway who had been working at one of Providence 's notorious strip clubs , police discovered that they could not prosecute , because there were no local or state laws barring teens from working in the city 's thriving adult entertainment business .
" To think that any minor could just as easily be employed as a stripper is mind - boggling , " Roberts said .
" This must end immediately . "
In other parts of the country , even in Las Vegas , there are age limits on strippers , according to the report .
" When I saw yesterday 's paper , I had a visceral reaction -- it 's an outrage that we would ever have allowed this to happen -- that anyone would hire a young person we are meant to protect , " Roberts told ABCNews.com .
" Everyone was completely shocked to learn it was n't against the law , " she said .
" None of us was aware of it . "
Strip Club Described as ' Dark and Dirty '
The 16 - year - old runaway had been working at Cheaters , described by the Boston Strip Club Directory as " dark and dirty . "
Cheaters refused to comment to ABCNews.com .
" You get more contact here talking to a woman at the bar than you do in most clubs during a lap dance , and in the private rooms , anything goes for probably half the women working there , and the others will still make sure you leave happy , " reported one of its customers .
Now , amidst the embarrassing publicity in a state that has one of the highest unemployment rates and a reputation for corruption , Roberts is supporting a bill introduced by state Rep.
Joanne Giannini , D - Providence , that would close that loophole .
Notorious Strip Clubs in Staid New England
Providence 's seven or eight strip clubs are notorious around otherwise staid New England .
When the Fraternal Order of Police comes to town for their annual convention , buses were hired to transport members to the strip clubs , according to local social historian Scott McKay .
When NFL teams come to the Patriots ' Foxboro , Mass. , stadium , they stay closer to Rhode Island so they can have evening entertainment , according to McKay .
Founded by religious dissidents , some say the state -- which is not really an island -- is quick to forgive .
During his three - decade tenure as mayor Providence , Vincent " Buddy " Cianci , served two prison sentences .
One of the prison terms came after he was convicted of throwing a burning log at a man he suspected of having an affair with his wife .
Rhode Island has always been staunchly independent ; its founder Puritan Roger Williams bucked government intervention , famously admonishing , " Forced religion stinks in the nostrils of God . "
Teen Prostitution , at Least Indoors , Not Illegal
Inconsistencies in Rhode Island law would allow teens to turn to prostitution , providing it 's done indoors -- in a hotel room , club or private home .
Prostitution is only illegal when the solicitation is done outdoors .
" You see it on a daily basis on Craig 's List , pictures of girls with hourly rates , " said Major Thomas Oates , who is in charge of the Providence Police Department 's investigative unit .
" It 's about as open as you can get . "
But a 16 - year - old cannot drive without an adult in the car , and those under 18 cannot buy pornography or alcohol .
It is also illegal to photograph or film minors in sexually suggestive ways .
Oddly , an 18 - year - old can sit at a bar , but not drink , according to Oates .
" I am 53 and a native and it's gotten a lot quirkier over the last 10 or 15 years , " he told ABCNews.com .
" Just from a law enforcement point of view , we have been complaining about the disparities for years . "
The General Assembly , which is not currently in session , has stalled on other legislation that would ban prostitution and sex trafficking .
Bill to Ban Teen Strippers Introduced
Giannini introduced her bill to ban minors from stripping after learning about the 16 - year - old who was working in one of the Providence clubs .
She equated her bill with other legislation that addresses human trafficking .
" It opened a can of worms , " she told ABCNews.com .
" The girl 's family had been looking for her and she had been brought here by a 40 - year - old . "
Police confirmed the teen had been held against her will .
" She had been beaten and her pocketbook was open , " Giannini said .
" When she offered the rescue worker money , condoms fell out . "
A rescue worker called police and found she had been wanted as a runaway by an FBI task force that targets people who prostitute children .
" If there 's one case , it 's one too many , " Giannini said .
" If there are other cases , they need to be rooted out , and we have to make sure the right laws are in place . "
The case created outrage across the city and state .
" Bringing in a child at such a young age when they are vulnerable is a recipe for disaster , " said Peg Langhammer , executive director for Day One , an organization that addresses sexual assault .
" And it 's important not just for girls , but for boys .
It affects all our kids . "
She cited research that shows between 60 and 80 percent of nude dancers were raped or sexually abused as children .
Sexualization is also linked to mental health problems , low self esteem and depression , according to the American Psychological Association .
But police said that after the runaway incident , they have investigated all the city 's strip clubs and found no other juveniles .
" We came to the conclusion that this issue had never been addressed in the past , but we do n't think it 's a rampant problem , " police investigator Oates said .
Tom Tsoumas , co-owner of the gentlemen's club , Foxy Lady , said no one in his operation is allowed to work without a " definitive ID " that shows they are over 18 .
The club serves alcohol and has all - nude entertainers .
Gentlemen's Club Makes Its Own Rules
" As an employer , we do n't believe anybody at 16 is a maturity level that would be an enhancement for the club , " he told ABCNews.com .
" We put in our own rules in the best interests of our ability to run a professional club . "
" I do n't think there 's anything unique about Rhode Island , " said Kevin McHugh , senior assistant solicitor , who researched the law and found two other cases in 1996 of young teens stripping .
" The city regulates adult entertainment establishments in two ways -- no alcohol beverage licenses ( unless it 's grandfathered earlier than 2003 ) , and it 's only allowed in certain zones , " he said .
Meanwhile , some cynics who read the newspaper account by Amanda Milkovits had their own reaction .
Wrote one commenter , Mike , " As Rhode Island faces a flight of industry , jobs , and citizens and a deferred state budget nightmare , all of which will absolutely degrade the health and well - being of thousands of its citizens , the lieutenant governor finds the most pressing issue is strippers under 18 , of which there are known to be exactly zero ! "
" Seriously , no one looked into this before ? " said another , bkin00 .
" What a laughing - stock this state is . "
Point Grey demonstrated a new webcam using USB 3.0 that yields totally uncompressed video in 1080 p at 60 fps .
It 's definitely the sharpest webcam image I 've ever seen , giving crystal - clear picture even on the huge 42 - inch demo monitor .
It 's pretty stunning .
Advertisement
The camera , shown today at IDF , is just a prototype , made up of a few components form other companies ( a Sony IMX036 CMOS image sensor , for one ) , but it 's damn impressive .
Due to the speed of USB 3.0 , the webcam is capable of streaming and displaying its 1920x1080 video without compression , which makes for huge files but also extremely sharp image quality .
The camera lacked autofocus but manual focus let it capture incredibly crisp images , even all the miniscule elements of a PCI - Express card .
Of course , as USB 3.0 is n't exactly widely available , you have to run it through that PCI - Express - to - USB - 3.0 card , but Point Grey says it 'll be ready for release in either very late 2009 or early 2010 .
[ Point Grey ]
If you enjoy this article , subscribe ( via RSS or e-mail ) and follow me on twitter .
Important note
I am NOT a security researcher ( I kinda want to be though ) .
As such , there are probably way better ways to do everything in this article .
This article is just illustrating my thought process when cracking this challenge .
The Challenge
The Matasano Security blog recently posted an article titled A C++ Challenge which included a particularly ugly piece of C++ code that has a security vulnerability .
The challenge is for the reader to find the vulnerability , use it execute arbitrary code , and submit the data to Matasano .
Sounds easy enough , let ’s do this !
cue hacking music
Making it harder
Recent linux kernels have feature called Address Space Layout Randomization ( ASLR ) which can be set in / proc/sys / kernel/randomize_va_space .
ASLR is a security feature which randomizes the start address of various parts of a process image .
Doing this makes exploiting a security bug more difficult because the exploit cannot use any hard coded addresses .
The options you can set are :
0 – ASLR off
1 – Randomize the addresses of the stack , mmap area , and VDSO page .
This is the default .
2 – Everything in option 1 , but also randomize the brk area so the heap is randomized .
Just for fun I decided to set it to 2 to make exploiting the challenge more difficult .
Got the code , but now what ?
I decided to start attacking this problem by looking for a few common errors , in this order :
strcpy ( ) / strncpy ( ) bugs No calls memcpy ( ) bugs A few calls
Off by one bugs None obvious
It turned out from a quick look that all calls to memcpy ( ) included sane , hard - coded values .
So , it had to be something more complex .
Digging deeper – finding input streams the user can control
Next , I decided to actually read the code and see what it was doing at a high level and what inputs could be controlled .
Turns out that the program reads data from a file and uses the data from the file to determine how many objects to allocate .
Obviously , this portion of the code caught my interest so let ’s take a quick look :
/* ... */ fd.read ( file_in_mem , MAX_FILE_SIZE -1 ) ; /* ... */ struct _stream_hdr *s = ( struct _stream_hdr *) file_in_mem ; if(s->num_of_streams >= INT_MAX / ( int ) sizeof ( int ) ) { safe_count = MAX_STREAMS ; } else { safe_count = s->num_of_streams ; } Obj * o = new Obj[ safe_count ] ;
OK , so clearly that if statement is suspect .
At the very least it does n’t check for negative values , so you could end up with safe_count = - 1 which might do something interesting when passed to the new operator .
Moreover , it appears this if statement will allow values as large as 536870910 ( [ INT_MAX / sizeof ( int ) ] – 1 ) .
Maybe the exploit has something to do with values this if statement is allowing through ?
A closer look at the integer overflow in new
Let ’s use GDB to take a closer look at what the compiler does before calling new .
I ’ve added a few comments in line to explain the assembly code :
mov %edx , %eax ; %edx and %eax store s->num_of_streams add %eax , %eax ; add %eax to itself ( s->num_of_streams * 2 ) add %edx , %eax ; add s->num_of_streams + %eax ( s->num_of_streams *3 ) shl $ 0x2 , %eax ; multiply ( s->num_of_streams * 3 ) by 4 ( s->num_of_streams * 12 ) mov %eax , ( %esp ) ; move it into position to pass to new call 0x8048a7 c ; call new
The compiler has generated code to calculate : s->num_of_streams * sizeof ( Obj ) . sizeof ( Obj ) is 12 bytes .
For large values of s-> num_of_streams multiplying it by 12 , causes an integer overflow and the value passed to new will actually be less than what was intended .
For my exploit , I ended up using the value 357913943 .
This value causes an overflow , because 357913943 * 12 is greater than the biggest possible value for an integer by 20 .
So the value passed to new is 20 .
Which is , of course , significantly less than what we actually wanted to allocate .
Other people have written about integer overflow in new in other compilers before .
Let ’s see how this can be used to cause arbitrary code to execute .
Remember , for arbitrary code execution to occur there must be a way to cause the target program to write some data to a memory address that can be controlled .
Find the ( possible ) hand - off ( s ) to arbitrary code
To find any hand - off locations , I looked for places where memory writes were occurring in the program .
I found a few memory writes :
2 calls to memset ( )
2 calls to memcpy ( )
parse_stream ( ) of class Obj
Unfortunately ( from the attacker ’s perspective ) the calls to memcpy ( ) and memset ( ) looked pretty sane .
The parse_stream ( ) function caught my interest , though .
Take a look :
class
Obj { public : int parse_stream ( int t , char * stream ) { type = t ; // ... do something with stream here ... return 0 ; } int length ; int type ; /* ... */
REMEMBER : In C++ , member functions of class es have a sekrit parameter which is a pointer to the object the function is being called on .
In the function itself , this parameter is accessed using this .
So the line writing to the type variable is actually doing this -> type = t ; where this is supplied to the function sektrily by the compiler .
This is important because this piece of code could be our hand - off !
We need to find a way to control the value of this so we can cause a memory write to a location of our choice .
Controlling this to cause arbitrary code to execute
Take a look at an important piece of code in the challenge :
struct imetad { int msg_length ; int ( * callback ) ( int , struct imetad *) ; /* ... */
Nice !
The callback field of struct imetad is offset by 4 bytes into the structure .
The type field of class Obj is also offset by 4 bytes .
See where I ’m going ?
If we can control the this pointer to point at the struct imetad on the heap when parse_stream is called , it will overwrite the callback pointer .
We ’ll then be able to set the pointer to any address we want and hand - off execution to arbitrary code !
But how can we manipulate this ?
Take a look at this piece of code that calls callback :
o[i].parse_stream( dword , stream_temp ) ; imd->callback ( o[ i ].type , imd ) ;
Since it is possible to overflow new and allocate fewer objects than safe_count is counting , that means that for some values of i , o[ i ] will be pointing at data that is n’t actually an Obj object , but just other data on the heap .
Infact , when i = 2 , o[ i ] will be pointing at the struct imetad object on the heap .
The call to parse_stream will pass in a corrupted this pointer , that points at struct imetad .
The write to type will actually overwrite callback since they are both offset equal amounts into their respective structures .
And with that , we ’ve successfully exploited the challenge causing arbitrary code to execute .
Let ’s now figure out how to beat ASLR !
How to defeat address space layout randomization
I did NOT invent this technique , but I read about it and thought it was cool .
You can read a more verbose explanation of this technique here .
The idea behind the technique is pretty simple :
When you call exec , the PID remains the same , but the image of the process in memory is changed .
, the PID remains the same , but the image of the process in memory is changed .
The kernel uses the PID and the number of jiffies ( jiffies is a fine - grained time measurement in the kernel ) to pull data from the entropy pool .
If you can run a program which records stack , heap , and other addresses and then quickly call exec to start the vulnerable program , you can end up with the same memory layout .
My exploit program is actually a wrapper which records an approximate location of the heap ( by just calling malloc ( ) ) , generates the exploit file , and then executes the challenge binary .
Take a look at the relevant pieces of my exploit to get an idea of how it works :
/* ... */ /* do a malloc to get an idea of where the heap lives */ void * dummy = malloc ( 10 ) ; /* ... */ unsigned int shell_addr = reinterpret_void_ptr_as_uint( dummy ) ; /* * XXX TODO FIXME - on my platform , execl'ing from here to the challenge binary * incurs a constant offset of 0x3160 , probably for changes in the environment * ( libs linked for c++ and whatnot ) .
*/ shell_addr += 0x3160 ; /* * a guess as to how far off the heap the shellcode lives .
* * luckily we have a large NOP sled , so we should only fail when we miss * the current entropy cycle ( see below ) .
*/ shell_addr += 700 ; /* ... build exploit file in memory ... */ /* copy in our best guess as to the address of the shellcode , pray NOPs * take care of the rest ! */ memcpy ( entire_file+88 , & shell_addr , sizeof ( shell_addr ) ) ; /* ... write exploit out to disk ... */ /* launch program with the generated exploit file !
* * calling execl here inherits the PID of this process , and IF we get lucky * ~ 85 % + of the time , we 'll execute before the next entropy cycle and hit * the shellcode , even with ASLR =2 . */ execl ( "./ cpp_challenge " , " cpp_challenge " , " exploit " , ( char *) 0 ) ;
My exploit for the C++ challenge
My exploit comes with the following caveats :
i386 system
The challenge binary is called “ cpp_challenge ” and lives in the same directory as the exploit binary .
The exploit binary can write to the directory and create a file called “ exploit ” which will be handed off to “ cpp_challenge ”
Get the full code of my exploit here .
Results
Results on my i386 Ubuntu 8.04 VM running in VMWare fusion , for each level of randomize_va_space :
0 – 100 % exploit hit rate
exploit hit rate 1 – 100 % exploit hit rate
exploit hit rate 2 – ~ 85 % exploit hit rate .
Sometimes , my exploit code falls out of the time window and the address map changes before the challenge binary is run
I could probably boost the hit rate for 2 a bit , but then I ’d probably re-write the entire exploit in assembly to make it run as fast as possible .
I did n’t think there was really a point to going to such an extreme , though .
So , an 85 % hit rate is good enough .
Conclusion
Security challenges are fun .
More emphasis and more freely available information on secure coding would be very useful .
Like it or not developers need to be security conscious when writing code in C and C ++.
As C and C++ change , developers need to carefully consider security implications of new features .
Thanks for reading and do n’t forget to subscribe ( via RSS or e-mail ) and follow me on twitter .
References
So what has acted as a restraint on the issuance of more dollars since then ?
Nothing .
As long as the rest of the world was willing to continue holding dollar reserves , their demand for the dollar would bid its price higher than it would otherwise be .
As long as oil producers were willing to sell their depleting commodity for a depreciating , irredeemable currency , Americans were the beneficiaries of this added dollar demand .
If the world would just continue to go along , the Federal Reserve could accommodate spend - thrift US politicians and create new dollars at virtually no cost .
But to mix our ornithological metaphors , the chickens have begun coming home to roost .
There is no reasonable prospect of the federal debt being paid down , at least if both the visible ( $ 12 trillion ) and the hidden ( $ 100 trillion ? ) debt are taken into account .
Nor can anyone possibly believe that today ’s government bonds can be paid except by issuing new bonds tomorrow .
It is this reckoning that had gold pierce the $ 1,000 mark in 2008 ( while oil soon surged ahead for the same reasons to $ 147 ) .
And despite the scramble for liquidity with the mortgage meltdown last year that drove gold briefly down to almost $ 700 , it did n’t take long for gold to work its way back up and to new highs .
The dollar bubble may not pop suddenly like the dot com bubble or the housing bubble .
But like the miner ’s canary , the gold price is warning that our monetary system is toxic .
The alert will heed the danger signals and evacuate , protecting themselves with the kind of simple strategies I recommend in my book , The Dollar Meltdown .
While most will eventually get out of the way , the less fortunate will not .
At their peril they will continue to descend with the dollar into the toxic depths only to find themselves rewarded with an abandoned mine - shaft and all .
The plot by the European Union to subvert British democracy has to be one of the world 's worst conspiracies .
Every prime minister since Edward Heath has apparently colluded in this nefarious project , and yet , stubbornly , the UK still governs itself .
You get a much higher calibre of conspirator in Washington .
They assassinate presidents and fake moon landings .
Brussels can't straighten a banana without the bloodhounds of the conservative press unearthing the story .
But things are looking up for the plotters .
A second Irish referendum has approved the Lisbon treaty , removing one of the last obstacles to its taking effect .
This document , remember , is a European constitution in disguise , smuggled through Britain 's parliament under the noses of somnolent MPs .
It means that Albion 's ancient powers can be whisked away at last to a dark Belgian corridor .
There is another interpretation : that there is no conspiracy ; that the EU is an alliance of sovereign nations in which British prime ministers have collaborated because it serves the country 's interests ; that the Lisbon Treaty is just one in a parade of flawed but worthwhile compromises required to make a multinational alliance work .
Dull , but true .
Full - bodied fear of the EU exercises only a small minority in Britain .
But the underlying theme – that " Europe " and Britain are adversaries in a zero-sum game of power and influence – is deeply embedded in mainstream discourse .
It is an idea that badly misrepresents where our national interests lie .
Sadly , it is also about to become a guiding principle in our foreign policy , and at a time when the case for sensible pan-European accord has hardly been stronger .
There are various factors explaining why Ireland voted " yes " in Friday 's poll , despite having declared the opposite 16 months earlier .
There were symbolic concessions in the terms of the treaty and a better organised pro-Lisbon campaign .
But a crucial intervention was made by the financial crisis , which threatened to hollow out the debt - laden Irish economy as it did Iceland's .
The difference is that Ireland , as a member of the eurozone , was propped up by the European Central Bank .
The Lisbon Treaty actually says nothing about financial assistance .
That is beside the point .
The real threat of national bankruptcy put the theoretical threat of diminished national autonomy in its place .
Unregulated global finance , it turned out , was more hostile to sovereignty than the EU .
Ireland 's calculation describes , in essence , the whole point of the European project : negotiated political integration is a source of security , stability and strength .
The financial crisis has not exactly wrapped Europe in a cosy blanket of cross - border solidarity .
It triggered protectionist impulses in bigger member states with the capacity to protect flagship industries , German and French car makers in particular .
But the crisis has focused continental minds on the relative punching weight of European nations in a globalised world .
Individually , they are bantam at best .
Witness Gordon Brown in New York last week , self - styled saviour of global finance , humbly supplicating Barack Obama 's aides for an audience with the chief .
For most of the 20th century , Europe was the world 's front line : two savage hot wars , and a long , brutish cold one .
Our continent threw the parties and everyone came .
The 21st century will be different .
China and India already lay claim to superpower status .
Russia imperiously waves its nuclear arsenal and natural gas reserves as a VIP pass to international summits .
Brazil has economic and diplomatic aspirations equal to its geographical expanse .
That does n't mean Europe is in decline , or that individual states must subordinate their interests .
It simply means that the rivalries of last century need to be held in perspective against the advantages of collaboration on a range of global issues : trade , security of energy supply , cross - border crime , climate change , migration , financial stability .
Whether the EU can forge a common position on those things is one of the biggest foreign policy challenges of our times .
It would be reassuring if Britain was ready to play its part .
It is n't .
That is partly a result of political accident .
In 2005 , to secure the Conservative party leadership , David Cameron made promises to anti-EU Tory backbenchers .
It must have seemed like a good deal : important for the party faithful , unnoticed by most British voters .
But the effect was to grant snarling Europhobia immunity from modernisation .
Now Cameron is locked into intransigence .
His policy is to hold a referendum , and advocate a " no " vote , if Lisbon is not in effect when the Tories form a government .
If the treaty is active , he and William Hague say they will " not let matters rest " .
That is n't so much a policy as a beach towel on the sun lounger of a policy ; absence signalling stubborn intent .
In reality , Cameron will have two options .
He can call a referendum anyway , which would sabotage the ratified treaty and enrage other EU governments .
Or , he can acquiesce to Lisbon and confect some symbolic mechanism to " repatriate " power .
But any compromise that does not involve a plebiscite will still be viewed by the right as treason .
The referendum is of totemic significance to hardline sceptics .
They see the EU as a device that transfers power from the people to " Brussels " and a national vote as the only way to put a spanner in those works .
But the underlying assumption that " Brussels " perpetrates indignities against Britain is false .
Real power in the EU is exercised by national governments , mandated by popular election .
Under EU treaties , including Lisbon , the vast majority of decisions made in " Europe " that have an impact on Britain , are made with British sovereign consent .
The only sneaky part of the process is that national governments indulge the illusion that power is located elsewhere – in the hands of " faceless bureaucrats " – to avoid scrutiny of their decisions .
Labour and Tory prime ministers have been equally guilty of that subterfuge , heading off to European summits with a pretend list of national treasures to be protected ; returning with a pretend list of trophy concessions that have been won .
But David Cameron will not be able to play that game .
The point of Lisbon is to put an end to tedious tinkering at the EU decision - making process , so Europe can start making decisions .
Other powerful leaders , Germany 's Angela Merkel and France 's Nicolas Sarkozy , will have no patience for a British counterpart who turns up spoiling for a fight .
There are urgent areas of policy where the EU has to negotiate continental bargains , from curbing carbon emissions to regulating banks .
A government that scorns the principle behind the bargaining process will lose out .
In opposition , fear of a European stitch - up at Britain 's expense is paranoid ; in government it will be self - fulfilling prophecy .
Scepticism is a healthy position to take towards grand political projects , especially when , like the EU , they are infused with the vanity of statesmen .
But the kind of parochial phobia that is normal in Britain 's discussion of the EU , and that informs the mainstream of Conservative policy , is not scepticism .
It belongs in a whole different category , alongside climate change denial and the 9/11 - was - a- CIA - plot " truth " movement .
It is lazy and wrong .
Now is hardly the time to put it at the heart of Britain 's foreign policy .
There 's a metaphor lurking in here somewhere .
The same day GOP Chairman Michael Steele unveiled a new online home for the Republican Party , the website apparently crashed , leaving users unable to log on to GOP.com .
The site was meant to rival the digital operation run by the Democrats and President Barack Obama , who used social networking to great effect in the 2008 elections .
GOP.com has a YouTube , Facebook , Twitter , and Flickr presence , and an array of blogs , including the " What Up " blog , which will be penned by Steele himself .
" [ The new site ] takes advantage of various online tools to connect Republicans and concerned Americans across the country to each other and party leaders , creating a larger , more informed , more organized , and more energized Republican community , " Steele told the Associated Press today .
But early this afternoon , bloggers had found a mass of bugs and glitches , including repeated php problems .
By 3:30 p.m. EDT , GOP.com slowed to a crawl , eventually shutting out users .
The official cause ?
A network error .
No word yet from the GOP tech staff .
In the meantime , we 'll have to make due do with digs from the Democrats , who are basking in the glee of their technically inept rivals .
" You know your web program is in trouble when your site can't even handle the traffic bump from people making fun of your web program , " Joe Rospars of Blue State Digital told Talking Points Memo today .
Update , 4:11 p.m. EDT : GOP.com is back online , but operating at a snail 's pace .
–
Barnes & Noble set to challenge Amazon Kindle
Just a month before the holiday shopping season really kicks off , a new rumor has caught the attention of bibliophiles the world over .
According to the Wall Street Journal , Barnes & Noble is prepping an e-reader , which would go head to head with Amazon ’s popular Kindle machine .
–
On Twitter ?
Yeah , we are too .
Find us @CSMHorizionsBlog .
70 + Apple Inspired Desktop Wallpapers
It ’s that time of month again !
Time to change your wallpaper to something new and exciting .
I have always found that by updating my wallpaper on a monthly ( and sometimes weekly ) basis , it gives me a sense of being in a new work space thereby motivating me to get my day to day tasks done easier .
I have come up with a huge collection of Apple inspired wallpapers for you to choose from to refresh your office space .
I hope this will help you to being more productive in your daily life .
Enjoy !
Want more on Wallpapers ?
Check out some of my previous post :
Stunning FWA Inspired Desktop Wallpapers
60 + Desktop wallpapers that will absolutely inspire you
50 + Beautiful Apple desktop wallpapers
[ m2leep ]
Which apple wallpaper will be on your desktop ?
Why not tell us by leaving a comment .
A few days ago I pointed out :
Once existing stimulus programs and credit expansion attempts subside , there wo n’t be much left to pick up the slack .
The consumer wo n’t be able to go back to business as usual unless he goes through a long period of reduced consumption , deleveraging , and savings …
Now we are seeing this in action as Ford Sept. sales fall 5.1 percent :
Chrysler Group LLC and Ford Motor Co. said Thursday their September sales fell , revealing a tough hangover from this summer ’s Cash for Clunkers buying spree .
Ford and other automakers got a big lift in July and August from clunkers , which spurred sales of nearly 700,000 new cars and trucks .
The government program ’s big discounts lured in many customers who otherwise would have waited until later in the year to walk into dealerships .
Now automakers are starting to feel the effect .
Ford sales of cars and light truck fell 5.1 percent from a year ago to 114,241 .
The decline followed two straight months of rising sales .
Chrysler said it sold 62,197 vehicles last month , off 42 percent in the same month last year .
Cash for Clunkers and summertime production cuts kept inventories of popular models low during the month , but even so , Chrysler predicted its market share will rise 0.8 percentage points from August levels .
The company increased factory output to replenish supplies .
“ While we had some bright spots in September , it was still a challenging sales environment for the industry , ” Peter Fong , CEO of the Chrysler brand , said in a statement .
Sales of Ford ’s popular F - series trucks rose 3.5 percent , while sales of the new 2010 Taurus sedan increased more than 60 percent .
The September results fell 37.2 percent from August totals , which were boosted by the government ’s Cash for Clunkers program .
Two of Ford ’s vehicles — the Focus and Escape — were top sellers in the program that ran during July and August and offered big discounts to buyers .
Sales of the Focus fell 64.1 percent from August , when Ford sold 25,547 of the small , fuel efficient cars .
The company sold 9,182 in September .
The Escape crossover posted a month - over - month sales decline of 58.5 percent , with Ford selling 8,692 of the vehicles last month , compared to 20,933 August sales .
The Dearborn , Mich . - based automaker was the first of the automakers to release its monthly U.S. sales numbers on Thursday .
Other automakers are expected to follow later in the day .
Volvo , which Ford intends to sell , posted a 16.3 percent increase .
Automakers sold a combined 1.3 million vehicles in August for a seasonally adjusted sales rate , or SAAR , of 14.1 million .
Many analysts expect a SAAR of 9.3 million for September .
Shares of Ford fell 7 cents to $ 7.14 in midday trading .
Fort Lauderdale Employment Lawyer
At the law offices of Donna M. Ballman , P.A. , we provide legal representation to employees facing a variety of workplace issues in Florida .
We have organized and dedicated our resources to the practice of employee - side employment law .
Our practice focuses on representing employees in employment law , labor law , severance negotiations , defense against non-compete agreements , and employment litigation .
For more information regarding employment law or litigation , contact a Fort Lauderdale employment lawyer at Donna M. Ballman , P.A. to discuss your specific needs .
The issues contested in employment lawsuits depend on the circumstances .
An employee who decides to leave a company to start his own business may face an employer ’s effort to enforce a non-compete clause , noncompetition agreement or confidentiality agreement .
This could involve multiple causes of action and allegations such as theft of trade secrets or confidential customer lists .
There are other situations in which an employer makes an adverse decision about a job applicant or employee based on his or her membership in a protected class , such as race , age , sex , national origin , marital status , religion , disability , or sexual orientation , and then an employment discrimination lawsuit may be appropriate .
Disputes can arise even after an employment relationship has concluded , such as when an employer makes false statements about a former employee to a new or potential employer , resulting in a defamation lawsuit .
Below are articles Ms. Ballman has written or been quoted in regarding employee rights during the COVID - 19 pandemic :
Employment discrimination occurs when an employer makes an adverse employment decision based on an employee ’s membership in a protected class .
Federal and state laws prohibit employment discrimination , and they have some overlap in protected classifications .
Federal laws include the Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) , the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ( ADEA ) , and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
The Florida Civil Rights Act ( FCRA ) governs employers that have at least 15 employees .
Protected classifications include race , color , religion , national origin , sex , pregnancy , disability , marital status , and age , as well as people who have AIDS or HIV or sickle - cell trait .
An employment attorney can assist Florida residents in any of these groups with holding an employer accountable for discrimination .
Workplace gender discrimination is common , even though it is prohibited under federal and state laws .
The federal law prohibiting gender discrimination is Title VII .
Gender discrimination can occur when an employee is harassed because of their gender , not promoted because of their gender , limited in terms of raises because of their gender , paid a particular rate due to their gender , or terminated because of their gender .
Under both Title VII and the Florida Civil Rights
Act , employers are not allowed to make employment decisions based on sex or gender stereotypes .
In order to show compensation discrimination , for example , you will need to show that you have a job similar to jobs held by higher paid employees of the opposite sex .
Employers can be held accountable when they discriminate against employees due to pregnancy or family responsibilities .
The Pregnancy Discrimination
Act is a federal law that amended Title VII and protects against pregnancy discrimination .
Florida law also prohibits pregnancy discrimination in the workplace , so a Fort Lauderdale employment attorney can potentially bring a claim under either law .
No express law prohibits discrimination on the basis of family responsibilities , but this type of discrimination is prohibited implicitly under multiple laws , including Title VII ’s prohibition on sex stereotyping and the Family and Medical Leave Act ( FMLA ) .
Moreover , it is unlawful under Florida law to discriminate based on marital status .
Both the ADEA and the FCRA make it unlawful for an employer to terminate you , refuse to hire you , harass you , or otherwise discriminate against you based on your age .
To be protected against age discrimination under the ADEA , you need to be at least 40 .
There are certain protections for employees covered by the ADEA with regard to severance agreements .
Under Florida law , employers are not allowed to restrict , classify , or segregate employees in a way that would take away their employment opportunities or adversely affect them based on their age .
Sexual harassment is prohibited under federal and state laws .
The federal law prohibiting sexual harassment as a form of sex discrimination is Title VII .
An employment lawyer in Fort Lauderdale can assist an employee with bringing a claim under Title VII or the Florida Civil Rights Act .
Under this federal and state law , sexual harassment is defined as unwelcome sexual advances , requests for sexual favors , and other physical or verbal conduct of a sexual nature that is directed toward or in the presence of a job applicant or employee under certain conditions .
These conditions include when submitting to the conduct is a term or condition of employment , when submitting to or rejecting the conduct is used to make an employment decision , or when the conduct has the effect or purpose of unreasonably interfering with an individual ’s work performance or creates an offensive , hostile , or intimidating work environment .
Florida is an at - will employment state .
This means that an employer can terminate , demote , fail to hire , discipline , or promote an employee for any reason or no reason .
However , the exception is that an employer cannot terminate you or lay you off for an illegal reason .
One basis for a wrongful termination claim is discrimination based on a protected class , such as race , national origin , color , religion , pregnancy , sex , disability , or marital status .
Another basis for a wrongful termination claim is retaliation for reporting discrimination or objecting to it , and still another basis is refusing to participate in discriminatory conduct or illegal activity .
Other wrongful termination would be termination for making a worker ’s compensation claim , for taking or requesting Family and Medical Leave , for objecting to or refusing to participate in illegal activity of the employer , and for engaging in concerted activity with coworkers to improve working conditions .
The employer - employee relationship may be covered by an employment agreement .
These agreements usually set the terms and conditions of employment , such as the length of the relationship , how much should be paid , and the employee ’s obligations and responsibilities .
It may include a confidentiality or non-disclosure clause .
It may also include a non-compete agreement or non-solicitation of clients clause .
An employment agreement may restrict the employer ’s ability to terminate an employee or provide specific conditions for employment .
A Fort Lauderdale employment lawyer can help an employee negotiate this type of agreement .
An employment agreement may include a non-compete agreement .
This places restrictions on an employee ’s ability to start a business or seek employment after employment is terminated with the employer with which they have an agreement .
This can be enforced by an employer as long as it is reasonable in terms of geographical area and time , and it protects the employer ’s legitimate business interests .
When employers are subject to the ADEA , and they ask an employee who is at least 40 years old to release age - related claims in exchange for a severance package , they must abide by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act ( OWBPA ) .
Under the OWBPA , a waiver of age discrimination claims in a severance agreement needs to be knowing and voluntary .
Furthermore , employers need to provide an older worker with up to 21 days to consider the severance offer .
If it is a layoff involving more than one employee , 45 days must be provided .
After signing , employers need to offer a seven - day period during which the release of ADEA claims can be revoked .
In Florida , employees may be able to sue former employers for defamation with the assistance of an employment attorney in the Fort Lauderdale area .
This cause of action may be brought when somebody knowingly makes false statements or makes false statements with a reckless disregard for the truth .
In order to be actionable , the false statement cannot be an opinion but must be a statement of fact .
If the statements are libelous per se , there is a presumption of harm , so an employee will not need to establish actual damages .
Statements are considered libelous per se in Florida if they falsely accuse someone else of a crime that amounts to a felony .
They can also be libelous per se if they falsely describe characteristics , conduct , or conditions that are not compatible with the proper exercise of someone ’s lawful profession , trade , business , or office .
Statements made inside the company are generally not treated as defamation , but if an employer makes false statements of fact to the employee ’s potential or new employer , that could be grounds for a defamation lawsuit .
Florida has whistleblower laws in place to protect employees .
An employer is not permitted to retaliate against an employee who reports , objects to , or refuses to participate in the employer ’s unethical or illegal acts .
Under the Florida Whistleblower
Act , private employees are protected against retaliation and can sue for lost wages , back pay , back benefits , full benefits , and other losses .
When an employee is a private employee , an employment attorney in Fort Lauderdale must show that certain criteria are met .
The employee must have objected to or refused to participate in a violation of a law , regulation or ordinance .
Or , the employee must have disclosed or threatened to disclose a practice , policy , or activity of the employer to an agency under oath and in writing , the practice , policy , or activity must have violated a regulation , rule , or law , and the employer must have retaliated against the employee because of the threat of disclosure or the disclosure .
If you are concerned about your workplace rights in Florida , you should consult an experienced and skillful attorney .
Ms. Ballman represents employees in Fort Lauderdale , Miami , West Palm Beach , Jacksonville , Tampa , Cape Coral , Orlando , and other cities in Broward , Miami - Dade , Palm Beach , Duval , Hillsborough , Lee , and Orange Counties and throughout the State of Florida .
Email us , or use our online form to set up an appointment with an employment lawyer at our Fort Lauderdale firm .
NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity has found a rock that apparently is another meteorite .
Dubbed " Shelter Island , " the meteorite is about 18.5 inches ( 47 centimeters ) long .
NASA ?s intrepid Mars rover Opportunity has found yet anothermeteorite on the surface of the red planet .
Opportunity stumbled upon this new meteorite , dubbed " Shelter Island , " less than three weeks after driving away from alarger meteorite that therover examined for six weeks .
The rover began its approach to the meteorite with a 92 - foot ( 28 - meter ) backwards drive on Oct. 1 , the rover 's 2,022nd day on Mars .
Opportunity and its twin rover Spirit ?
which is currently embedded in a softspot of soil called Troy ? have been on the Martian surface for more thanfive years .
Shelter Island is a pitted rock is about 18.5 inches ( 47 cm ) long .
The meteorite was first detected in images taken two Martian daysearlier .
( A Martian day is 24 hours and 40 minutes long . )
Two Martian days after its backward drive , Opportunityturned around to face the meteorite .
In the days that followed , it made a final3.3 - foot ( 1 - meter ) moveto put the rock within reach of the rover robotic arm .
Mission managers are now planning to use the arm to contact the meteorite andmake measurements .
Opportunity has driven about 2,300 feet ( 700 meters ) sinceit finished studying the meteorite called " Block Island " on Sept. 11,2009 .
Block Island weighs at least half a ton , is composed of ironand nickel , and islikely too large to have plunged through the current thin atmosphere of Mars without being obliterated upon impact , scientists say .
Both meteorites have been found during Opportunity 's trek toits next target , Endeavour Crater .
Opportunity also found a third meteorite , Heat Shield Rock , in 2004 .
Roman Polanski has been denied bail from a Swiss prison where he is being held for possible extradition to the United States on an underage sex charge .
The Swiss justice ministry refused Polanski's request because of the risk he would flee the country , Folco Galli , a spokesman for the ministry , told the Associated Press .
" We continue to be of the opinion that there is a high risk of flight , " he said .
The appeal was separate from another legal challenge against his arrest submitted by Polanski 's lawyers last week .
Polanski is expected to be held in custody throughout that appeal and any subsequent challenges from either side .
US authorities have being trying to secure Polanski's extradition since he fled in 1978 while awaiting sentencing after admitting have sex with a 13 - year - old girl .
Under Swiss law the US has 60 days to file a formal extradition request .
That request must be examined by the justice ministry , and if approved can be appealed against in a number of courts .
That appeal hearing is expected to start in the coming weeks .
Galli confirmed that Washington has yet to file a formal request seeking extradition .
But he added : " I assume this is a priority case in the United States . "
Swiss legal experts say Polanski's chances of release are minimal , because he is not Swiss and he already jumped bail .
Polanski was accused of raping the girl , after plying her with champagne laced with drugs .
He initially faced six charges including rape by use of drugs , child molesting and sodomy .
He pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of unlawful sexual intercourse .
In exchange , the judge agreed to drop the remaining charges and sentence him to prison for a 90 - day psychiatric evaluation .
However , he was released after 42 days by an evaluator who deemed him mentally sound and unlikely to offend again .
The judge responded by saying he was going to send Polanski back to jail for the remainder of the 90 days and then he would ask Polanski to agree to a " voluntary deportation " .
Polanski fled the US on the day he was scheduled to be sentenced to the additional time .
Polanski's arrest sparked contrasting reactions .
France and Poland have called for his release , but support for him in Hollywood provoked an angry backlash .
A new object recognition algorithm treats unrelated images as if they were consecutive frames of video .
Since it assumes that the objects in both images are the same , it tries to deform the objects in the first image until they map onto the objects in the second .
If the objects in one of the images have already been outlined and labeled , the algorithm can simply transfer the labels to the other image .
Courtesy of Ce Liu
( PhysOrg.com ) --
If computers could recognize objects , they could automatically search through hours of video footage for a particular two - minute scene .
A tourist strolling down a street in a strange city could take a cell - phone photo of an unmarked monument and immediately find out what it was .
And an Internet image search on , say , " Shakespeare " would pull up pictures of Shakespeare , not pictures of Gwyneth Paltrow in the movie Shakespeare in Love .
Though object recognition is one of the major research topics in computer vision , MIT researchers may have found a way to make it much more practical .
Typically , object recognition algorithms need to be " trained " using digital images in which objects have been outlined and labeled by hand .
By looking at a million pictures of cars labeled " car , " an algorithm can learn to recognize features shared by images of cars .
The problem is that for every new class of objects — trees , buildings , telephone poles — the algorithm has to be trained all over again .
But Esther and Harold E. Edgerton Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Antonio Torralba and Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab graduate students Ce Liu , PhD '09 , and Jenny Yuen have developed an object recognition system that does n't require any training .
Nonetheless , it still identifies objects with 50 percent greater accuracy than the best prior algorithm .
Credits - Images courtesy of Ce Liu
The system uses a modified version of a so - called motion estimation algorithm , a type of algorithm common in video processing .
Since consecutive frames of video usually change very little , data compression schemes often store the unchanging aspects of a scene once , updating only the positions of moving objects .
The motion estimation algorithm determines which objects have moved from one frame to the next .
In a video , that 's usually fairly easy to do : most objects do n't move very far in one - 30th of a second .
Nor does the algorithm need to know what the object is ; it just has to recognize , say , corners and edges , and how their appearance typically changes under different perspectives .
The MIT researchers ' new system essentially treats unrelated images as if they were consecutive frames in a video sequence .
When the modified motion estimation algorithm tries to determine which objects have " moved " between one image and the next , it usually picks out objects of the same type : it will guess , for instance , that the 2006 Infiniti in image two is the same object as the 1965 Chevy in image one .
If the first image comes from the type of database used to train computer vision systems , the Infiniti will already be labeled " car . "
The new system simply transfers the label to the Chevy .
Credits - Courtesy of Ce Liu
Credits - Courtesy of Ce Liu
The greater the resemblance of the labeled and unlabeled images , the better the algorithm works .
Fortunately , Torralba 's earlier work was largely directed toward amassing a huge database of labeled images .
Torralba and his colleagues have developed a simple web - based system called LabelMe that lets online volunteers tag objects in digital images , and they also created a web site called 80 Million Tiny Images that sorts the images according to subject matter .
When confronted with an unlabeled image , the new object recognition algorithm is likely to find something similar in Torralba 's database .
And as the database grows larger , that likelihood will only increase .
" It 's a real commonsense solution to a fundamental problem in computer vision , " says Marshall Tappen , a computer vision researcher at the University of Central Florida .
" The results are great and better than you can get with much more complicated methods . "
Tappen adds that " a large database makes it possible to do lots of really interesting thing that no one 's even envisioned .
There are lots of interesting things it can do beyond just standard object recognition , so I think it 's really going to enable a lot of innovation . "
Tappen points in particular to recent work on image editing and image completion done by Alyosha Efros at Carnegie Mellon University .
" If you look at his last few Siggraph papers " — that is , papers presented at Siggraph , the major conference in the field of computer graphics — " they 're all using LabelMe , " Tappen says .
Provided by Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( news : web )
Explore further Researchers develop new image - recognition software
IBROX STADIUM – RANGERS vs ABERDEEN – 26th Sept 2009
So the wait is over …the first review is here !
the first destination on the Pie and Bovril review roadshow is at the top end of the stadium scale , a trip to Rangers ’ impressive Ibrox Stadium in Glasgow .
Firstly , it was sunny when i woke up !
Always good .
Then a 3 hour drive later , including a quick stop for a couple of lucozades , and we arrived in a cloudy Glasgow .
Ibrox is well signposted although i had a tip off to NOT park in the official car park !
Too expensive they say …!!!
Instead it was to the streets , and as you can see below the car nestled “ like a glove ” into a street space on Clifford Street .
Notice the security .
CCTV on the street so i could go to the game with the peace of mind that we had Glasgow ’s Finest watching over the Fiesta .
Saves a couple of quid paying a small child to “ watch ” my car !
So the car is parked , valuables hidden , it is now time to get to the ground .
The walk to the gorund was about 500 yards and it was full of colourful language , a plethora of burger vans ( fish and chips for £ 2.50 … credit crunching indeed ) and more illegal unofficial merchandise than the crimebusters can shake a fist at .
Programmes were easy to find , although i thought at first there was a celebrity selling them since they were under police watch .
£ 2.50 a programme was the hit so not too bad , plus i got a FREE Jelly Baby form the kind hearted female seller ( a perk that was not advertised and maybe warranted police surveilance ) .
It was a Basset Jelly Baby so qudos to the seller for not buying chep jelly babies !!
So far so good …
The ground itself is big .
and grand in scale .
It looks big and i found but with the help of the handy map placed outside all 4 corners of the ground I found my enterance quite quickly ( see below ) .
The climb up the stairs was a fair hike , but when i got up and found my seat ( decent legroom and quite comfy ) the game was just about to get underway .
Come on the Gers I screamed and was greeted with strange looks … maybe the lack of a swear made it obvious i was n’t a local ( or the fact i had no blue on ! )
First half – DULL .
But the time had arrived on at 3.46 pm… PIE AND BOVRIL TIME !!!!
The queue was large and as you can see the pie selling area was brightly lit with a plethora of culinary options available .
A little over - priced i thought at first , but maybe the service coupled with lovely grub would make me change my mind .
It did n’t !
Service was awful .
I had to repeat to the fella 3 times what i had asked for ( a scotch pie and a bovril ) .
Worse was to come .
“ We dinna hae any bov - i - ril pal ” .
Great !!!
“ Tea then ” i replied .
“ We dinna hae any tea eeether pal , the hot thing is broke ” .
I felt the urge to correct his grammar but since half time is only 15 minutes long i decided better .
I settled for a pie and Coke , and being daykight robbed of £ 3.80 !
The pie better be good !!!
So as you can see , size of meal was poor .
Small coke , and small pie .
The pie itself , hugged tightly by a silver pie case , was undercooked , pale in appearance and in many ways poorly constructed .
As you can see from above , the pie top was not even fully covering the “ joys ” within the pastry .
The small gap allowing the meat and seasoning within to peek out at me was concerning .
Credit where credit is due though , it was hot .
But apart from that it was poor .
Rather than melt in your mouth it was more disintegrate in my hand !!!
The ketchup did n’t even save it .
Rangers football club may have their financial worries and issues , but guys … sort your pies out !!!
On to the rest of the matchday experience .
Firslty scoreboards were good , large telly screens if you like .
Enhanced the viewing experience of the half time raffle .
The “ Rangers Rising Stars ” raffle is simple – 3 tickets , 1st 2nd and 3rd , with a top prize of £ 1000 pounds !
Thats enough to buy maybe 3 pies and a coke !!!!
An ex player makes the draw and on this occasion it was Jimmy Millar .
I did n’t win but it was a simple format , drawn quickly and efficiently and in many ways satisfied .
After a drab 2nd half , and a nasty lingering after taste of bad pie and worse service , it was time to return to the “ safety ” of Clifford Street to the car .
Glad to report the CCTV did its job and all was present and correct .
Quite a quick get away too and easy access to the M8 made the infrastructure score high .
Overall it is time for Ibrox to get the Pie and Bovril “ Scores on the doors ” –
Parking – 8/10 – Street parking however CCTV and close proximity to both motorway and ground
Programme availability – 9/10 – police marshall and FREE JELLY BABY !
Comfort of seat - 6/10 - Not bad .
My knees touched seat infront but apart from that it was pretty spacious
Helpfulness of stewards and staff – 4/10 – They avoid speaking to you but i am taking marks down for TERRIBLE customer service from my food vendor .
Quality of Pie and Bovril – Renamed This weekt o “ Pie and Coke ” - 3/10 – NOT GOOD !!!
I will be revisiting to ensure that standards improve !
Scoreboard or video screen quality – 8/10 – Very impressive .
TV’s and a scoreboard , and large digital clock .
Standard for season has now been set !
Quality of half - time raffle – 8/10 – To the point , easy to follow and very efficient .
Good format .
Hospitality - 6/10 - I did n’t use the restrooms , and i was not impressed by the food vendor , but overall it was quite welcoming .
Closing summary – A premier league ground , a UEFA 5 * Facility but ONLY a 6.5 Pie and Bovril rating .
Food was poor and there are areas for improvement .
Good parking and a free Jelly Baby with programme show that there are already positive points , and hopefully improvement in the culinary department will be forthcoming .
Overall – 6.5/10
Next ground on the radar is ….
Christie Park in Huntly !
Huntly v Brora Rangers .
Should be an interesting trip , and intrigued to see the atmosphere after the match fixing allegations that have rocked the Scottish Football world .
Until next time remember to “ Say aye to a pie “ …
Pie and Bovril
This cartoon is dedicated to my number one resource for music discovery : rateyourmusic.com .
If you were into this cartoon , the book I quoted from , " Our Band Could Be Your Life " is well worth the price .
As are the music , concert tickets and merchandise of all bands in question .
Much of this cartoon was drawn in " a world of books , and silent times in thought " - the UQ Social Sciences and Humanities library .
Back to post / website .
View / add comments for this article .
I Like Muisc by Stuart McMillen .
July 2009 .
I like music that is a collision of noise and melody .
My Bloody Valentine recording " Soon " , 1991 .
Yo La Tengo recording " Cherry Chapsick " , 2000 .
I like songs that speak with authenticity - an actual feeling that the artist might have had !
The Go-Betweens recording " Cattle and Cane " , 1984 .
I like singers with unconventional voices who express themselves " warts ' n ' all " .
1 . Curt Kirkwood - Meat Puppets .
2 . Tom Waits .
3 . Alison Statton - Young Marble Giants .
4 . Joe Strummer - The Clash .
5 . Fred Cole - Dead Moon .
6 . Perry Farrell - Jane 's Addiction .
7 . Alison Shaw - Cranes .
8 . David Studdert - Tactics .
9 . Tim Steward - Screamfeeder .
10 . Bob Dylan
I like music that is not quite recorded properly ... but keeps you coming back for more .
" The music was dense and heavy ; it was like a pond one could never see the bottom of , so it never grew tiresome to listen to . "
- Michael Azzerad , " Our Band Could Be Your Life " Dinosaur Jr. recording " Little Fury Things " , 1987 I like recordings that seem to capture a moment of clarity from the artist .
Laughing Clowns recording " Eternally Yours " , 1984 .
The Chills recording " Pink Frost " , 1984 .
I like songs where the artist 's ambition BURSTS THROUGH THE SPEAKERS AT YOU !
The Who recording " I Can See for Miles " , 1967 .
Built to Spill recording " Goin ' Against Your Mind " , 2006 .
I like the otherworldly sound of recordings enhanced by innovative studio production .
The Necks recording " Drive By " , 2003 I like music with RAGGED EDGES .
Charming imperfections that remind you the song was performed by humans .
Hüsker
Dü recording " I Apologize " , 1984 .
Radial Spangle recording " Caf , ' Fine " , 1994 .
I like music with a self - destruct button .
Songs complete with some quirk or idiosyncrasy that will stop the masses from overexposing it .
Sun Ra recording " Space Is the Place " , 1972 .
Sparklehorse recording " Chaos of the Galaxy / Happy Man " , 1998 .
I like music that blurs the boundaries of genre and defies simple classification .
Miles Davis : " In a Silent Way " , " Bitches Brew " and " Jack Johnson " .
Bark Psychosis recording " Scum " in St John 's church , Stratford .
It 's so easy to scoff at music that is " bad " ... but it takes guts to pinpoint the music which is " good " .
With so much space devoted to the things people HATE ... is n't it nice to read about the things someone LIKES ?
Why does Sarah Palin suddenly care about the dollar ?
Matt Drudge , Sarah Palin and variety of other right - wing cranks have become oddly interested in the falling price of the dollar recently .
Their argument , however , does not seem based on a desire to see America orient itself more toward imports than exports , which is what a rising dollar would imply .
Rather , they seem interested in a new economic talking point .
Dan Drezner explains :
So , what 's really going on here with the dollar obsession ?
I suspect that with the Dow Jones going back over 10,000 , Republicans are looking for some other Very Simple Metric that shows Obama Stinks .
The dollar looks like it 's going to be declining for a while , so why not that ?
Never mind that the dollar was even weaker during the George W. Bush era -- they want people to focus on the here and now .
And they 're helped in this by the fact that we call a lower - value dollar a " weak " dollar , which sounds bad even though it is n't bad .
But the whole strategy is reminiscent of the dynamic identified in " It Feels Like We 're Thinking : The Rationalizing Voter and Electoral Democracy , " a paper by the political scientists Larry Bartels and Christopher Achen .
The study examines voters ' perceptions of the economy in the late - '90s , when the numbers were traveling in an unambiguously positive direction .
What they found was startling :
The more informed a voter was , the more likely he or she was to " partisan self - deceive . "
That is , more " informed " voters believed more things that were n't true but fit their preexisting biases .
This " weak dollar " nonsense is a good example of how it works .
If the basic narrative held that the economy was improving , then most people would think that the economy was improving , and people who do n't like Barack Obama would think that the economy was improving and Barack Obama is bad .
But people who are reading Drudge and right - wing Web sites and Sarah Palin 's Facebook page -- " highly informed voters , " in other words -- would be exposed to all sorts of obscure statistics that seem to suggest the opposite .
Where most people hear that the economy is improving , this groups hears that the dollar is falling , and that this is a terrible thing that weakens America .
High - information voters , in other words , have access to a lot more information and a lot more filters that help them fit the world to their biases .
This goes for folks on the left as well as the right , and it makes anything even approaching consensus politics virtually unthinkable .
Photo credit : Chris Miller / AP .
[ The following is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
Searching the Internet can be a totally exhausting experience , as you bounce from one site to another to another , sometimes until you ca n’t remember what you were looking for in the first place .
But according to scientists at U.C.L.A. , all that virtual running around is actually good exercise — for your brain .
Particularly if you ’re older .
Because Internet training can enhance neural function .
The scientists worked with people between the ages of 55 and 78 .
At the start of the study , all the participants did some Web searching while the scientists monitored their brain activity by functional magnetic resonance imaging .
The subjects who ’d had little exposure to the Internet before the study showed activity in brain regions involved in vision , language and reading .
Then everyone went home to do some surfing on their own — an hour a day for a total of a week .
When the no-longer - naive subjects returned to the lab , their brain scans showed additional activity in regions associated with working memory and decision - making .
The results were presented on October 19th at the 2009 meeting of the Society for Neuroscience in Chicago .
So for older adults , a little Web surfing could keep your brain on its toes .
— Karen Hopkin
Atheistwatch
To Understand the atheist truth regime in terms of its ideology and keep tabs on its propaganda and tactics .
Warning : Dyslexic at work : there be occasional spelling errors becuase I can't see the words the way you do .
Watch for new posts every MWF
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Far - right Dutch MP Geert Wilders has won an appeal against a Home Office decision barring his entry to the UK .
The Asylum and Immigration Tribunal ruling overturns a government decision that led to Mr Wilders being turned back at Heathrow in February .
The Freedom Party leader , who has been accused of Islamophobia , planned a UK visit next week , his solicitor said .
The Home Office said it was disappointed , and would decide in " due course " whether to fight the ruling .
A spokesman said : " We are disappointed by the court 's decision .
The government opposes extremism in all its forms .
" The decision to refuse Wilders admission was taken on the basis that his presence could have inflamed tensions between our communities and have led to inter - faith violence .
We still maintain this view . "
BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said that a further appeal by the Home Office or a new ban on different grounds were possible .
The Home Office will need Court of Appeal permission to keep the travel ban in place pending any appeal .
Mr Wilders faces trial in his own country for inciting hatred .
The refusal to admit him to the UK in February prompted " a very heated debate at the time " , our correspondent added .
" There were people that said , ' Look , we do n't like his views .
His views may be unpleasant , they may be something we do n't agree with - but he should be allowed in to express those views and show his film , and we can argue and debate with him . '
" There were others that said , ' It would actually inflame tensions .
This is not the kind of person that we want to have . '
That was very much the line that the government said at that time . "
UKIP invite Mr Wilders ' lawyer , Tiki Emezie , said his client was " very happy " at the ruling , and would attend a meeting with the UK Independence Party 's Lord Pearson in London next week .
In February , he had been invited by Lord Pearson to the House of Lords to show his controversial film Fitna , which caused outrage across the Muslim world when it was posted on the internet last year .
When he was refused entry , Mr Wilders told the BBC it was a " very sad day " for UK democracy .
" I 'm not doing anything wrong .
I 'm not protesting or running through the streets of London , " he said .
" Democracy means differences and debate .
It 's a very sad day when the UK bans an elected parliamentarian . "
Lord Pearson said it was a " matter of free speech " , telling the BBC : " We are going to show it anyway because we think MPs and peers should see this film . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
El grupo Inbursa , del magnate mexicano Carlos Slim , y La Caixa anunciaron ayer en México la creación de la Fundación Inbursa , que nacerá con 1.000 millones de pesos ( unos 55 millones de euros ) para trasladar a Latinoamérica la acción social de ambas entidades .
En una rueda de prensa , Slim , considerado el tercer hombre más rico del mundo según la revista Forbes , aseguró que la nueva fundación nace para contribuir a la " salud , la educación , la cultura y la formación de capital humano " .
El presidente de La Caixa , Isidro Fainé , explicó que la alianza con Inbursa , banco en el que la entidad española participa con un 20 % , " no es una casualidad ni responde a intereses coyunturales " , sino que refleja la " coincidencia de cultura y de valores " de ambos grupos .
Fainé , quien asistió al acto junto a la Infanta de España Cristina de Borbón , directora del área social de la Fundación La Caixa , señaló que la entidad financiera participa en Inbursa " para colaborar de manera permanente en tres vertientes : la financiera , la empresarial y la social " .
Sin detalles de la nueva actividad
Ni Fainé ni Slim dieron detalles de proyectos concretos con los que arrancará la actividad de esta fundación .
La Infanta Cristina se mostró convencida de que la nueva fundación " ayudará a satisfacer las necesidades de las poblaciones más vulnerables en la región " .
Cristina de Borbón recordó el programa de cooperación internacional en los que trabaja La Caixa desde hace doce años , periodo en el que se han financiado más de 398 proyectos con más de 51 millones de euros , en 60 países .
El director general de la Fundación La Caixa , Jaime Lanaspa , aseguró que la nueva fundación es " la síntesis de ambas filosofías " , la que aporta Inbursa con experiencia de más de veinte años del grupo , y los más de cincuenta años de actividad social de la entidad española .
La Caixa , tercera entidad española , finalizó hace un año la adquisición del 20 % de Inbursa tras lanzar una OPA por un montante de 1.601 millones de euros .
In a nutshell : BLU as Pyros versus RED as random props in Arena maps .
Steam Forums
Thread ( main gameplay discussion )
Global Statistics ( players , map balance , props etc. )
Steam Group
Mapping Guide
Requirements :
Team Fortress 2 Server , running at least SM 1.4 stable .
SDK Hooks ( Link )
PropHunt Resources Pack ( Link ) - Contains maps and required sounds
PropHunt Data Pack ( Link ) - Contains translations and map configs
Installation :
Download everything mentioned above and extract / install to the correct folders ( pretty self explanatory ) .
Ensure your server and arena config are as barebones as possible .
( Also check mp_idledealmethod is not set to 1 ; only 0 and 2 are compatible )
Install the attached prophunt .smx plugin .
Updating to 1.93
Update plugin
Cvars :
sm_prophunt_version - Version
sm_prophunt_stats - Stats Enabled
ph_enable - ( Default : 1 ) Enable the plugin
ph_propmenu - ( Default : 0 ) Allows non-admins to access the prop menu when set to 1 ; - 1 to disallow all access .
Commands :
ph_switch - Switches you to RED and respawns .
ph_pyro - Switches you to BLU and respawns .
propmenu - Menu to select props between all props available on the map along with pyro and ghost .
Changelog :
1.93 ( 08/01/13 ) :
Fixed prop not visible to self in thirdperson
Coincidentally might have made thirdperson movement smoother 1.91 ( 26/11/11 ) :
Fixed SpeedBoost not functioning at all .
Fixed SpeedBoost interfering with being slowed , zoomed , charging and other speed - changing conditions
Fixed Users sometimes not always getting a prop due to having " Respawn on Loadout change " checked .
Removed the " Class Blocked " message
1.9 ( 20/11/11 ) :
Extensive configuration options added : Weapons self - damage Weapon removals Weapon nerfs Class restrictions Default Class Sounds
Added checks to prevent players with no weapons .
Normalised translations
Added a check to prevent ' ERROR ' props from bogus map configurations .
Speed bonuses now persist over weapon changes
Speed bonuses are now capped to + 25 % of the classes base speed .
Fixed Weapon
Nerfs being based on the currently active weapon as opposed to the weapon fired .
Reverted to old - style weapon self damage
The Control Point Bonus will no longer heal the incorrect amount in some cases .
1.8 ( 11/09/11 ) :
Removed cowmangler and family business
Various bugfixes and cleanup
1.7.14 ( 25/06/11 ) :
Removed following weapons : The Solemn Vow Bazaar Bargain
Nerfed the following weapons : Liberty Launcher to the same level as the other Rocket Launchers Tomislav to the same level as the other miniguns Reserve Shooter to the same level as the other shotguns .
The Detonator to 95 % of normal damage .*
The Splendid Screen to 75 % of normal damage . *
* - Subject to change .
1.7.12 : ( 13/04/2011 )
Brass Beast and Iron Curtain do 75 % of normal damage .
Removed Crusader 's Crossbow , Amputator
Fixed Lugermorph being usable in some cases .
Re-added Soldier / Demo Sword
1.7.11 : ( 29/10/2010 )
Removed Sydney Sleeper
Nerfed BlackBox
Gave a 5 % damge boost to the huntsman
CP will now heal scouts to 150 health .
To allow set bonus scouts to benefit from their items .
Fixed an issue where named items would override items nerfs & restrictions
1.7.10 : ( 18/08/2010 )
Handles bug fix
Changed version format
1.79 : ( 31/07/2010 )
Reduced minigun self - damage to 3 per shot
Fixed Engineer 's with The Gunslinger only being healed for 125 points on the CP .
Nerfed The Frontier Justice to 85 % damage , 5 % higher than the normal shotgun .
Mapcycle is no longer automatically set to arena_mapcycle by the plugin
Plugin will now unload before making changes to the server if it is loaded on a map without a configuration file .
Added ph_propmenu_flag ( default : " c " ) to control the admin flag used for the prop menu , supports multiple flags .
Fixed an error being output if the plugin was unloaded and RTL was n't installed / running .
STATS : Fixed an issue where survivals would not be logged .
STATS : Fixed issues with Death logging
STATS : Added extra detail to Death & Survival Logging
STATS : Fixed an issue where names with UTF - 8 characters would not be stored correctly on MYSQL
STATS : Numerous Improvements / Bugfixes 1.78 : ( 04/07/2010 )
Added ph_adtext - Default : GamingMasters.co.uk - setting " " disables advertisements
Removed PH Rush Support
Increased syringe gun self - damage to 4
Changed the " Disguised as ... " message so it uses " Clean " names which are defined in data / prophunt / propnames.txt
Added a ResetCvars Routine that attempts to reverse the changes that PropHunt makes when it starts ( It resets the cvars to their default ) , making it usable in conjunction with other mods / stock gameplay .
Disabled Shadows on props
Increased the rocket launchers and minigun to 75 % damage
Increased BackBurner and Pyro Shotgun to 85 % damage
PropLock will now be disabled when you attempt to strafe left or right
Last - Prop Jarate now only lasts 15 seconds
Engineer buildings are no longer solid
If RunTeamLogic is not present the plugin will no longer failstate .
1.77 : ( 07/06/2010 )
Fixed ph_propmenu cvar >.>
1.76 : ( 07/06/2010 )
Fixed an issue where a heavy with Natasha equipped would get their shotgun removed instead of Natasha .
Fixed an issue where medals and other misc items would not be removed
Fixed an issue where halo particle effects would show up on a prop
Fixed an issue where DMG_DROWN from a trigger_hurt did not effect the props
Fixed an issue where props with particle effects ( The harvest ghost ) would not have their particle effects removed when the player died .
Hence restored the ghost to the admin prop menu
Changed the prop menu command so it can now be fully disabled ( - 1 = disabled , otherwise the same values )
Increased the damage on the rocket launchers by 5 % to try and prevent the weird 1 damage issues .
Fixed cvars not being reliably overridden , specifically mp_idledealmethod .
1.75 : ( 04/06/2010 )
Airblast is now 25 % less powerful
Prop Shadows no longer appear
Huntsman now does 20 % less damage
Backburner now does 40 % less damage but crits from behind
Returned all shotguns with full ammo
Pyro shotgun does 25 % less damage
Pyro shotgun has 2 shells with infinite ammo
Soldier / Heavy Shotgun do 20 % less damage
Minigun now does 30 % less damage
Increased per-shot self damage on the minigun
Heavy Limit of 2
Restored Engineer shotgun at the same 0.8 x damage modifier as the other classes with shotgun as their main weapon ( Heavy , Solly )
Removed Natasha
Nerfed Direct Hit and Rocket Launcher to 0.5 x damage
Flaregun now does 5 self - damage
Fixed the broken Jarate
Improved Teamswitch Logic
Changed code formatting style
And a bunch of undocumented fixes and changes .
1.74 : ( 15/05/2010 )
The hat removal code now hides badges as well , and only affects RED ( thanks Geit )
) Removed all shotguns ( same glitch as pyro )
Restored engineer pistol with much greater self damage per shot
Restored standard minigun ( no natasha ) , increased self damage slightly .
Optimisation : replaced a block of strcmp calls with a trie ( self damage code )
Fixed a glitch where people could spawn as a fully equipped scout after the last prop .
1.73 : ( 08/05/2010 )
Now using TF2_RegeneratePlayer in place of GiveNamedItem and the new built - in native TF2 _AddCondition in place of TF2_AddCond - will not work on 1.3.2 snapshots - only 1.3.2 stable and newer snapshots of 1.3 and 1.4 .
- gamedata/prophunt.games.txt and data/tf2weapondata.txt are now redundant .
- gamedata/prophunt.games.txt and data/tf2weapondata.txt are now redundant .
Restored airblast and backburner
Removed pyro shotgun ( seemed to be doing full spread damage no matter what range etc. )
Prop Menu no longer restores health .
Removed Ghost - broken particle effect .
Added code for a new Prop Rush gameplay style suggested by Geit , currently waiting on some help from Valve before it will be enabled / usable .
Recoded around Valve 's latest changes : Rotation is now client - side , with full 360 degree accuracy .
Burning props no longer highlight the invisible scout - instead the flames appear around the prop itself .
Hidden voice icons ( And no more invisible props of course )
1.66 : ( 21/04/2010 )
Reverted to old movement code
Reverted to full damage on the huntsman
Fixed mp_teams_unbalance_limit notifications appearing in chat .
Fixed propmenu not reading admin flags properly .
1.65 : ( 08/04/2010 )
Fixed timer error spam during the pre-round phase resulting in severe lag spikes .
1.64 : ( 07/04/2010 )
Accidentally left in some code which made scouts semi-visible in 1.63 D :
The propmenu now performs red / alive validation after selecting an option as well as before being displayed .
1.63 : ( 07/04/2010 )
The new attachment system is now only activated when not moving - turns out a lot more than just jumping will trigger the wobble effect 1.62 : ( 07/04/2010 )
If mp_idledealmethod is set to 1 ( i.e. move to spectator , then kick ) it is now forced to 2 ( i.e. kick ) .
This fixes the bug introduced in 1.6 where players would be kicked at random if it was set to 1 .
If you want the mp_idledealmethod 1 functionality , there are plugins that duplicate this with it set to 0 ( AFK Manager is one example ) .
Props now parent to the ' head ' attachment point , resulting in flawless movement and rotation .
No need to keep switching PropLock on and off to line yourself up now ( When jumping it reverts to the old system for 1 second to combat an annoying ' wobble ' which made lining up double jumps awkward . )
( When jumping it reverts to the old system for 1 second to combat an annoying ' wobble ' which made lining up double jumps awkward . )
Slightly increased Huntsman damage - damage was at 70 % , now 75 % .
( Stats - enabled version ) Now using BuildPath for the MOTD file location ( supports SM being in locations other than addons / sourcemod ) .
1.61 : ( 22/03/2010 )
Fixed bug introduced in 1.6 where spectators could be spawned on RED , rendering BLU unable to win .
Flaregun no longer does damage to pyros .
1.6 : ( 21/03/2010 )
Another bunch of maps
Added engineer ( minus sentry ) and medic ( minus blutsauger and medigun / kritzkrieg )
New mouse controls ( LMB = toggle version of old RMB camera lock ; RMB = first / third person toggle )
Fixed server lag which would develop over time without a mapchange , due to stacking PreThink hooks on every player spawn .
CP Bonus now extinguishes players in addition to filling their health .
Increased tf_arena_max_streak ( team scramble ) to 5
Increased mp_waitingforplayers_time to 40 .
Added prop menu for admins ( / propmenu ) - all props available on map along with pyro and ghost .
Removed backburner .
Nerfed Shotgun ( Pyro only ) - clip size reduced to 2 , unlimited ammo to compensate for auto reloading .
Nerfed Huntsman - 30 % damage reduction to prevent 1 - hit KO from bodyshots .
Added team balancing code which runs directly after the teams are swapped .
For a difference of 1 player , it favours BLU .
Fixed ' remember last weapon after death ' exploit .
Added cvars : ph_propmenu ( enable propmenu for all players , default 0 ) and ph_enable ( enable prophunt itself , default 1 ) .
Various minor optimisations
1.5 :
Added several new official maps !
Added new and improved jetpack , without the DukeHacks requirement .
BLU is now permanently Jarated when there is only one prop left .
It is no longer possible to freeze your prop while moving , which fixes many exploits .
Completely refactored the code to be much lighter and more optimised .
It 's about 20 kb / 500 lines shorter now .
No more OnGameFrame - prop movement now runs on PreThink , and the CP Bonus is handled by a Touch hook .
No more DukeHacks - moved everything to native SM and SDK Hooks .
No more Hooker - the game description change is now done by SDK Hooks .
No more reloading between rounds - the race condition and entity index bugs are now fixed properly .
Replaced # define WHORE with IsDedicatedServer ( )
Replaced # define AO with a hostname check .
Fixed exploit where BLU demoman ( and perhaps other classes ) could become invisible and get all their weapons .
Shortened hud text spam time .
Fixed bug where props would sometimes get their prop stuck on them while spectating after death .
Fixed a number of race condition bugs .
Entity indexes are no longer relied upon for certain prop related functions .
Fixed significant random timer bug ( broke everything and eventually crashed the server ) due to incorrect usage of KillTimer over CloseHandle .
Fixed a number of inefficient operations in PreThink which caused noticeable lag and server fps drops .
PropHunt now works out of the box on listen servers .
1.4 :
Due to huge demand from Shinkz , Natascha is no longer permitted and Sniper with everything but Sniper Rifle has been added along with Demoman + Eyelander .
Can be toggled with #define SHINX .
( Stats - only ) ! statsme now prints your stats to everyone rather than duplicating ! rank functionality .
Various bugfixes and minor improvements .
1.3 : Fixed unstuck translation
No changes to mp_timelimit
Automatically unload on non-prophunt map
Airblast disabled sound is now at full volume .
Pyro assist speed bonus is now also +100 .
Fixed unstuck making you get stuck in the control point .
Attack2 is now only disabled when using the flamethrower .
sm_prophunt_stats for stats - enabled versions .
1.2 :
Cleaned up code .
Reduced mp_bonusroundtime to 5 and adjusted other code appropriately .
Added speed boost for pyros - +100 for a kill , +50 for an assist .
Speed is reset each round .
Disabled lock / unlock sounds by default - # define LOCKSOUND .
Keeping the pyro airblast " disabled " sound .
1.1 : Players are no longer slain at round end ( thanks toazron1 ) .
Added announcer " mission begins in x seconds " sounds for hiding time
Fixed unstuck making you actually get stuck
Added a check to ensure Hooker is included before trying to register the game description hook .
Added HL2 sounds to M1 / M2 on props and airblast on pyros .
Removed unnecessary debug messages .
Removed pyro prop - control point is the new global prop .
Returned Plugin_Handled on all commands .
Added map config files
Added an option for mappers to have a logic_relay fired when hiding time ends .
Prevented slaying between rounds , but kept in slaying when the plugin is reloaded manually .
Fixed sound preloading issue .
1.0 - Initial Release ( code cleanup ; otherwise equivalent to 0.0.6 )
Special
Thanks :
Bluepanther - Providing the Original Inspiration to code this .
Geit - Official PropHunt Goat , Technical support during semi- private beta , PR , Mapping guru
LordVader ! - The First Non-GM provider of PropHunt .
Jocker - Italian Translation
And sorry to anyone I 've forgotten - many little copy + paste snippets have gone into PropHunt .
Maps :
Basalt - S.W.A.T.Y
Brawl - Jazz
Canyon - Albatross ( Modified by Shinkz )
Cliff Face - gRiMrEaPeRsco
Concord - zephyrak
Cyberpunk - Xenon ( Modified by Spykodemon and Shinkz )
Desolation - Jamie " Mr. Happy " Lea
Devils Canyon - Soylent Robot
Farm - Geit
Farm Feud - Archanor
Goldtooth - Chuck " Atrocity " Wilson
Grassland - Mr. Late ( Modified by Shinkz )
Harvest - Heyo
Headquarters - Combatfetus
Lumberyard - Valve ( Modified by Shinkz )
Maze - LabelMaker ( Assisted by Geit )
Mountain - Austria_Phantom
North Ural - Flanker ( Modified by Shinkz )
Oasis - Tyb00 ( Modified by Shinkz )
Other Side - Vincent ( Modified by Shinkz )
Range - Pascal
Ravage - Mehby
Sawmill - Valve ( Modified by Shinkz )
Spooky Ravine - Valve & Malachi
Storm - Ikem
Timbertown - Unknown ( Modified by Shinkz )
Train Set - Johnny
Warehouse - Geit
Watch Tower - Joshua ‘ JoshuaC ’ Shiflet ( Modified by Shinkz )
And to help the forum search engine : prop hunt hide and seek hidenseek hide 'n seek
The necessary stats.inc for global statistics and prophunt.smx with statistics compiled in are available on request to trustworthy communities .
Contact Geit for more information .
* - Subject to change .- Initial Release ( code cleanup ; otherwise equivalent to 0.0.6 )
The necessary stats.inc for global statistics and prophunt.smx with statistics compiled in are available on request to trustworthy communities .
Contact Geit for more information .
Attached Files Get Plugin or Get Source ( prophunt.sp - 2334 views - 66.8 KB ) prophunt.smx ( 32.5 KB , 3833 views )
TF2 PropHunt - TF2 Scoutzknivez - Spray 'n Display
Last edited by Darkimmortal ; 01-03-2014 at 17:34 .
In this current generation of consoles , the Xbox 360 struck first , roughly one year before the PS3 and Nintendo Wii launched in North America .
Speculation has run rampant as to which console manufacturer will take the first plunge into the next generation .
Will it be Sony , Microsoft or Nintendo ?
Or could a new console be in the works from another corporation looking to fight for consumers hard earned money in the console wars ?
One thing is for sure , we ’ve found evidence of a developer scouting for talent to work on an “ unannounced console platform ” …
According to a job listing on their website .
Ready at Dawn , the developers behind God of War : Chains of Olympus , Daxter , and the Wii port of the critically acclaimed Okami , are currently looking for “ a few additions to our engine team in order to add support for an unannounced console platform . ”
With the fact that Ready at Dawn have shown the most support for the PSP , there is a chance that they are looking for someone to work on PSP2 development .
Alternatively , this could be a new console from one of the big 3 console manufacturers , or it could even be possible it ’s a new piece of hardware ready to join in on the console wars .
What do you think ?
Comment below .
Thanks Kain81 for the tip !
[ Source ]
AFP / AP / Shutterstock
HAMID KARZAI has been dealt a painful blow as the saga of Afghanistan 's torturous presidential election drags on .
An independent investigation has found that nearly one in three of the votes supposedly cast for the Afghan president in August were fraudulent .
The results of an audit by the country 's Electoral Complaints Commission ( ECC ) , published on Monday October 19th , put Mr Karzai 's share of the vote a couple of points below the 50 % that he required to win another term without facing a run -off against his closest challenger , Abdullah Abdullah .
But the UN - backed electoral commission is not the only game in town .
Mr Karzai's supporters immediately questioned the authority of the ECC , which is dominated by Western officials .
His supporters claim that the final reckoning can only be delivered by the Independent Election Commission , a body packed with people appointed by — and loyal to — the president .
Diplomats in Kabul fear a “ car crash ” outcome where the IEC , under Mr Karzai 's orders , refuses to accept the results or mounts a legal challenge questioning the ECC 's orders .
A weekend of long and acrimonious meetings between officials from the two sides suggests that the IEC will indeed challenge the results .
The ECC had hoped to persuade the Afghan election body to accept its findings before making a formal announcement .
But a UN source suggests that the commission was eventually forced to publish after failing to make any headway .
And there seems little room for negotiation .
The UN is adamant that Mr Karzai has no grounds to challenge the result , saying the country 's electoral law makes the ECC decisions final .
Mr Karzai may well appeal to Afghanistan 's Supreme Court and there is a fair chance that the judges whom he appointed would side with him .
At the least that could cause sufficiently long delays to make it impossible to hold a run-off election before the onset of heavy winter snows , which in turn would make polling impossible in large parts of the country .
The latest date for an election is thought to be mid-November .
Certainly Mr Karzai shows little sign that he will be shamed into accepting the result of the ECC 's inquest .
Yet an analysis of its findings by Democracy International , an American election - monitoring group , makes for devastating reading for Mr Karzai .
Not only has his share of the vote dropped , it also shows that 955,000 votes were fraudulent .
That is almost a third of the 3.1 m he polled , according to a preliminary tally .
Ever since the election on August 20th Mr Karzai has claimed that allegations of massive fraud were the invention of a hostile international press .
He remains firmly in denial about the level of cheating , which he still maintains was small and “ normal by international standards ” .
Yet Mr Karzai may have got off lightly : if the ECC had widened the scope of its investigation it would probably have uncovered many more discredited votes .
Considerable uncertainty exists over what happens next .
UN officials say that ballot papers could be dispatched to polling stations around Afghanistan at a moment 's notice .
But there is little appetite for a second round among many of the parties , who fear it would exacerbate political tensions in the country and do little to boost the legitimacy of whoever runs .
Turnout was disappointing first time : only 4.3 m people cast legitimate votes ( after 1.3 m dodgy ones were excluded ) .
It is likely to be further depressed in a second round where voters would fear more Taliban violence .
A run-off would also lack the added attraction of the provincial council election that took place alongside the presidential election in August .
Dr Abdullah , a former foreign minister , has seen his share of the votes increase from 28 % to 32 % ( with a mere 192,000 of his 1.6 m votes disqualified ) according to Democracy International .
But , even if he were to run , his chances of upsetting the original result look slender .
Election officials also privately admit there is nothing they can do in the short time available to make changes to prevent a repeat of the rampant level of fraud that characterised the first round .
“ If anything it will just allow the fraudsters to work out how to cheat more subtly , ” a UN official admits .
In this season of successive mass shootings , that erroneous conventional wisdom should not go unchallenged .
Michael Wolkowitz , board chairman of the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence , calls the paralyzing myth of ’ 94 “ the single biggest obstacle ” to tightening the nation ’s lax regulation of guns .
The notion that gun control was responsible for the Democrats ’ debacle 15 years ago was floated by Richard Gephardt , the former Democratic House leader , and other pols and commentators after the ’ 94 election .
But it was Bill Clinton who gave it current credence .
“ The N.R.A. could rightly claim to have made Gingrich the House speaker , ” Mr. Clinton wrote in his 2004 autobiography , pumping up the gun lobby and , not incidentally , himself by attributing the body blow to his party to his principled leadership on guns .
It is hard to make a case that the assault weapons ban was decisive in 1994 .
The law certainly enraged many N.R.A. members and might explain the loss of certain Democratic seats .
However , there were other major factors in the Democrats ’ 1994 loss , starting with perceived Democratic arrogance and corruption ( overdrafts at the House bank came to symbolize that ) .
Add to that voter unhappiness with Mr. Clinton ’s budget , his health care fiasco , the Republican Party ’s success in recruiting appealing candidates , and that ingenious Republican vehicle for nationalizing the elections known as the “ Contract With America . ”
The contract , by the way , did not mention guns .
Mr. Clinton ’s successful 1996 re-election campaign actually stressed his gun control achievements .
James and Sarah Brady spoke in prime time at the ’96 Democratic convention , and Clinton campaign ads trumpeted his role in enacting the assault weapons ban and the ’93 Brady law requiring background checks for gun buyers .
Rumors of Killzone 3 have been floating around the net for weeks if not months now .
The release of Guerrilla Game ’s epic title Killzone 2 was a key point in the PlayStation 3 ’s development to becoming the solid AAA - game delivering system that it is today .
But these rumors might actually have base with new information emerging that suggests that perhaps a new title is in the works by the same development team that worked on Killzone 2 .
Guerrilla Games , the creator behind the Killzone series , have a series of Linked In profiles which all feature information that seems to suggest that they are working on Killzone 3 .
For example , Lead Level Designer at Guerrilla Games ’ own Chris Haluke ’s profiles states the following :
Lead Level Design
Guerrilla Games July 2009 — Present ( 4 months )
Working with an incredibly talented Design Team , on an unannounced project .
Although Guerrilla Games have also produced a game titled Shellshock : Nam ’ 67 , there ’s a very good chance that the unannounced project is an upcoming Killzone title .
At any rate , the mere thought of another next - generation Killzone title should boil the excitement of both Killzone fans and shooter fans alike .
[ Source ]
4 Reasons Men Can't Wear White Socks
Since the day AskMen.com launched , our staff has stood hard and fast by one fashion rule :
Men do n't wear white socks .
Like most hard - and - fast rules , this one has inspired plenty of debate among AM readers , writers and editors , but entering our 10th year of operation , we continue to stand by it — and anticipate that we will still be doing so 10 years from now .
It 's a timeless men's fashion rule as incontrovertible as matching your belt with your shoes , and if you have n't bought into it already , this article will make the sale .
Here are four reasons , outside of athletic activities , why men can't wear white socks .
White socks do n't match anything
White socks get dirty
White socks are sportswear
White socks are too easy
Unless you 're Tom Wolfe or the owner of a sugarcane plantation in turn - of - the - century Antigua , you probably do n't regularly wear white pants .
And if you do n't regularly wear white pants , your white socks do n't match most of your outfits .
Outside of those times you sport a suit , you probably wear the same pants that 90 % of the male population does : jeans most of the time , with khakis or flat - front dark casual pants occasionally thrown in the mix .
And those of you who have read AM's Style Bible know that one 's socks should match one 's pants ( or , for the bolder dressers among you , one 's pocket square ) .
So if you have a sock drawer full of balled - up whities , they 're clashing with everything you have hanging in your closet .
Invest instead in a nice collection of black , blue and gray socks that will complement your existing wardrobe so well .
As any man who 's made the mistake of wearing white underwear to a lovemaking session can tell you , stains become embarrassingly pronounced on a white background .
The humiliations that can follow from wearing white socks are similar ( though admittedly less traumatic ) — particularly in wintertime , when snow muck is everywhere and hosts are in the habit of asking guests to remove their shoes .
So the next time you go to pull on a pair of white socks before heading out to a house party , imagine this scenario unfolding :
The party host introduces you to a gorgeous Danish entertainment lawyer , who you proceed to charm with your quick wit and intriguing anecdotes .
As she warms up to your company and you cozy up on the couch together , you recline and stretch your legs out ... to reveal a stray strand of pasta that has been transported from your kitchen floor on the toes of your white sock .
Had you worn darker socks she would n't have even noticed it , and you would have had a shot at showing her the stains on your white undies instead .
Whether or not white socks were initially conceived as sportswear , they are now certainly popularly perceived as such .
And just as you would never dare wear a hockey jersey under your dinner jacket , nor should you ever dream of pairing white socks with your designer jeans or your wingtips .
White socks look good with : athletic shorts , track pants and running shoes .
White socks look ridiculous with : everything else .
You come to AM because you want to better yourself , and bettering oneself always involves setting and confronting challenges .
That 's why you request new responsibilities at work , approach the hot women in bars and increase your reps in the gym .
This same ethic should be applied to the way you dress and present yourself to the world .
Start from the bottom up ; instead of taking the easy route of cladding your feet in the same color day in and out , put some thought into it .
Start by matching your socks with your pants , then move on to bolder pairings by coordinating them with accessories like ties and pocket squares .
The color of your socks may seem like a trivial detail , but it 's attention to detail that distinguishes the man — and shapes others ' perceptions of him .
Leave the white socks for the suckers .
It started a few years ago when someone discovered some missing content in the PC version of Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic II The Sith Lords .
They took it upon themselves to to go into the game 's files and restore some of the data on their own .
Then , someone else encountered a serious bug in the same title and started using the first person 's work to fix the problem .
From then on , it was like the snowball that gradually turned into an avalanche .
The result was a large - scale project that was aimed at bringing as much missing content as possible back to the game .
After years of development , the cut content has been finally restored and the most of the bugs have been fixed , thanks to a project known as known as the " Restored Content Mod . "
The mod , revealed in The Deadly Stream forum , is in open beta , which means that players can now experience as complete a Jedi adventure as possible , provided they 're willing to help the development team by reporting any issues they encounter .
According to the project team leader , who goes by the handle " Stoney , " the project 's completion has been a long time coming .
The result ?
An expanded , refined game that hints at what the original release should have been .
" The whole thing kind of started for me when I wanted to fix the broken ' Redemption ' quest on Dantooine , " Stoney told Ars .
" While I was searching through the files ...
I found that it was tied into a lot more content that was cut . "
The quest in question required players to either condemn or redeem the reputation of the Jedi on the planet , but many gamers have reported that the quest would never resolve itself , no matter what path a player took .
Stoney began working to bring back other missing pieces from the game and found himself working with another fan of KOTOR II .
As a result , the duo began releasing mods that gradually made the game more complete .
Eventually , the team of two began to grow .
More people got involved with the project , and a team of nine volunteers found themselves working together on a restoration effort that was much larger than anything they 'd tried to accomplish on their own .
" More or less , once we starting putting [ our heads ] together , we found a list of cut content and decided what we could add and started adding content . "
Anyone who 's played KOTOR II knows that it was a game that often felt incomplete and / or rushed .
According to rumors — which were eventually confirmed by interviews with members of the game 's development team — LucasArts gave Obsidian a deadline of roughly a year to produce a sequel to Bioware 's seminal Knights of the Old Republic .
Because of the game 's size , a slew of content was cut in order to meet the tight deadline .
According to an interview with Obsidian founder Chris Avellone , the smarter development move ( in retrospect ) would have been to make a shorter game that still included some of the more interesting content ( like a " droid planet " ) that was only half - finished at the time of release .
While some might dismiss this as little more than a fan project , the Restored Content Mod deserves attention and praise for the sheer volume of content that the volunteer team has managed to return to the game .
The full list is impressive : a total of 93 separate events and bugs have been reincluded or fixed .
The scale of these events varies , ranging from expanding character dialogue and development to restoring missing boss battles to allowing players to determine the final fate of Malachor V .
At the moment , neither LucasArts nor Obsidian have issued any sort of response to the Deadly Stream team 's efforts , though LucasArts has openly stated that it supports and welcomes fan mods of its Star Wars games .
On the other hand , reactions to the restoration effort has been positive within the forum community .
" So far ... the response has been favorable , " Stoney said , though he admitted , " there are still some bugs and rough areas .
But with everyone 's help we are fixing it so the final release will be better . "
While the mod has yet to be finalized , the project is much closer to completion than other fan - led restoration efforts for the game .
When asked about how it felt to be so close to releasing the finished version of the mod , Stoney voiced feelings of vindication and satisfaction .
" It feels good , " he said , " I 'll feel better when the final release is actually done , then I 'll be taking a break for awhile . "
Of course , the question on everyone 's mind is " when will the final build be released ? "
To that , Stoney can't provide a definite answer .
" [ That 's ] hard to say , it depends on how many bugs we find and how long it takes us to fix them . "
For those who are interested in seeing examples of the mod in action , Stoney provided Ars a three - minute trailer :
If you 're interested in trying this new content , head over to the Deadly Stream forums for instructions on how to download the Restored Content Mod .
You 'll need a PC copy of the game .
Yesterday we heard that an unknown something from Mozilla is headed to iPhones , but Firefox 's maker is being a bit more specific about Android : A mobile browser is in the works for the open - source phone .
Advertisement
Mozilla Releasing Unknown App for iPhone Mozilla CEO
John Lilly tells tech blogger Om Malik that the Firefox maker will " release an app to … Read more
Om Malik details a bit more of an onstage talk held last weekend with Mozilla CEO John Lilly and VP for Mobile Jay Sullivan , the latter of whom we interviewed in August and reported that Mozilla was " looking at " Android development .
Malik reports Lilly as saying that " Mozilla will release Firefox for Windows Mobile and then Android , " and hears from Sullivan that releases on devices other than Nokia 's Maemo tablets are slow coming because the mobile team has worked to get faster JavaScript and page rendering times on mobile ARM processors .
As expected , add - ons , desktop synchronization , and AwesomeBar - style navigation are all expected to appear in Fennec , the code name for Mozilla 's mobile browser .
Advertisement
Symbian and BlackBerry fans might have to do without , however , as Sullivan has misgivings about developing for either BlackBerry 's Java - based app platform or for Symbian 's phones .
On all platforms , Mozilla is also looking for wider adoption of HTML5 standards for content and multimedia , to avoid the effort and complications of developing altered browsers for each platform .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What would Fennec have to offer on your Windows Mobile or Android device to become a default browser ?
What features do you hope make the transition from desktop to mobile ?
Share your strategy suggestions in the comments .
On Mobile Phones , Firefox 's Big Bet is Nokia & Android [ GigaOM ]
Did you know that cattle are routinely fed the waste from the floor of commercial chicken houses ?
That 's feces , feathers , spilled feed , straw , dirt and anything else on the floor under the cramped birds .
Chicken farmers have more chicken waste than they know what to do with .
And cattle feedlots are always on the lookout for low cost feed .
But against that simple cost benefit , we need to weigh the safety of our food .
The practice of feeding chicken waste to cattle is both disgusting and unsafe .
It must end .
Tell the FDA to stop cattle companies from feeding chicken waste to cows .
1 .
In 2009 , the Book Industry Environmental Council set a couple of environmental goals for the U.S. book industry .
Using a calculation of the industry ’s total greenhouse gas emissions from 2006 as its baseline , the BIEC and its members pledged to reduce the industry ’s carbon footprint by 20 % in 2020 and by 80 % in 2050 .
When the pledge was made , the Kindle had existed for only a year and a half , and the Nook was still eight months away .
( Kobo eReaders and iPads did n’t emerge until 2010 . )
eBooks , still in their infancy , accounted for a measly 5 % of books sold in America .
Today , it seems like many publishing houses are on their ways toward achieving the BIEC goals .
Thanks to the proliferation of FTP software , most major publishing houses have slashed the amount of printing done in - office .
At John Wiley & Sons , my production group had a paperless workflow : Adobe was our editing tool of choice , and to be one of our freelancers , you had to pass an exhaustive MS Word screening test .
Later on , at Oxford University Press , a common email signature asked readers to “ save paper and print only what ’s necessary . ”
Organizing stacks of paper on your desk was out ; navigating sub - folders on a shared drive was in .
Meanwhile eBooks were becoming ever more popular .
By the end of 2011 , Amazon announced it was selling one million Kindles a week , and Apple said it had sold over 40 million iPads .
Consequently , eBooks accounted for 31 % of U.S. book sales by 2012 .
According to a Pew Internet study , as many as one in four American adults now own an eReader or tablet ( one in three if they went to college ) .
The trend toward digitization is undeniable , and there are many reasons to be optimistic : big publishers are making more money off of more products than ever before ; it ’s easier than ever to publish a book ; and the number of books available to anyone with an internet connection is unprecedented .
Some analysts even predict that soon print books , like CDs a few years ago , will be almost entirely replaced by digital files .
But is all of this really cutting the industry ’s carbon footprint ?
Is total eBook adoption — that is : elimination of the print book — really an ecologically responsible goal ?
2 .
Put in absolute terms , the number of books — regardless of format — produced and sold across the globe increases each year .
This is mostly due to an increasing global population .
While America , Australia , India and the UK are the most rapid adopters of digital reading devices — at least for the time being — eBooks presently account for only a small fraction of the world book market .
( This is due to factors such as availability of technology , reliable internet connections , and disposable income . )
Necessarily , the increased consumption of print and digital books has led to an ever - increasing demand for the materials required to create , transport , and store them .
In the case of eBooks , though , vast amounts of materials are also necessary for the eReaders themselves , and this is something typically overlooked by proponents of digitization : the material costs are either ignored , or , more misleadingly , they ’re classified as the byproduct of the tech industry instead of the book industry .
National Geographic correspondent Allen Tellis recently posted a brief note of encouragement to owners of eReaders , and it illustrates exactly the type of oversight I just mentioned .
“ The steady rise of eBooks , ” Tellis wrote , “ should benefit the environment by reducing use of paper and ink , and by slashing transportation , warehouse , and shelf - space limits . ”
He went on to note how certain study groups have determined “ that the carbon released from eBooks is offset after people read more than 14 eBooks ” on a single eReader .
But Tellis ignores the fact that global print book consumption is rising concurrently with eBook consumption .
In other words : the carbon footprint of the digital book industry is mostly growing in addition to , not to the detriment of , the growing carbon footprint of the print book industry .
I could n’t locate the source of Tellis ’ information about those 14 eBooks offsetting the ecological cost of their owner ’s eReader .
Instead , I found this New York Times op - ed which painted a starkly different picture : “ the impact of one e-reader … equals roughly 40 to 50 books .
When it comes to global warming , though , it ’s 100 books . ”
Still more damning , Ted Genoways ’ excellent VQR article about the raw materials needed for the production of eReaders ( and other gizmos ) , found that :
At present , the average e-reader is used less than two years before it is replaced .
That means that the nearly ten million e-readers expected to be in use by next year would have to supplant the sales of 250 million new books — not used or rare editions , 250 million new books — each year just to come out footprint - neutral .
Considering the fact that the Association of American Publishers estimates that the combined sales of all books in America ( adult books , children ’s books , textbooks , and religious works ) amounted to fewer than 25 million copies last year , we have already increased the environmental impact of reading by tenfold .
Moreover , it takes almost exactly fifty times as much fossil fuel production to power an iPad for the hours it takes to read a book as it would take to read the same book on paper by electric light .
3 .
Usage figures are an important element in the estimation of a book ’s environmental impact .
According to Apple , an iPad is responsible for 2.5 grams of CO2e per hour of use .
A single print book , on the other hand , is responsible for “ a net 8.85 pounds ” ( PDF ) of carbon emissions over the course of its life ( e.g. production , transportation , and retail ) .
Note that the former figure , however , is open - ended ; the latter figure is finite .
If you ignore the environmental cost of an eReader , that means you would need to read the iBookstore version of War and Peace for 1,605.39 hours ( ~67 days ) to damage the environment as badly as that paperback copy of Tolstoy ’s tome on your bookshelf .
That certainly sounds like a point for eBooks , but it ’s a totally misleading evaluation .
For a demonstration of just how misleading that comparison is , I used basic arithmetic and some minimal Googling to calculate the carbon footprint of the average American reading an average number of average novels at an average speed both in print and on an iPad .
( I picked iPads because Amazon does n’t release Kindle data .
I picked America because we ’re the most voracious consumers of digital books . )
Here ’s what I found :
I. One Year of Reading :
First I calculated the average rate of consumption for the average reader .
I found average reading speed , average book length , and average number of books consumed , and then I calculated the carbon emissions caused by one year of reading .
The average adult reads 200 - 250 words per minute .
( Source )
The average novel is 64,500 words .
( Source )
That means the average adult spends 4.3 hours reading an average novel .
[ ( 64,500 words / 250 wpm ) / 60 minutes ]
The average adult reads 6.5 books per year .
( Source ; PDF )
The average adult spends 27.95 hours reading each year .
[ 6.5 books * 4.3 hours ]
Paperback Footprint : 26,087.59 grams of CO2e
[ 6.5 books * 8.85 pounds of emissions * 453.5 g. per lb . ]
eBook Footprint : 69.875 grams of CO2e
[ 6.5 books * 4.3 hours * 2.5 g. of emissions per hr . ]
This is the comparison eBook proponents typically cite .
Unfortunately , it ’s at best lousy mathematics and at worst a manipulative comparison .
II .
One Year of Reading ( Device Footprints Included ) :
Next I found the lifetime carbon emissions from one iPad and one iPad 2 , and I plugged those into my one year of reading calculations .
i Pad lifetime emissions : 130,000 grams of CO2e ( Source ; PDF )
i Pad 2 lifetime emissions : 105,000 grams of CO2e ( Source ; PDF )
Paperback Footprint : 26,087.59 grams of CO2e
eBook Footprint ( iPad ) : 130,069.875 grams of CO2e
eBook Footprint ( iPad 2 ) : 105,069.875 grams of CO2e
As you can plainly see , factoring in the carbon footprint of an eReader drastically changes the comparison .
One year of reading eBooks accounts for a carbon footprint five times greater than a year ’s worth of print books .
Fans of eReaders will of course refute this data by claiming that their devices level out with — and could even become “ greener ” than — print books on a long enough timeline .
This claim is indeed theoretically true after five years , and I ’ll show you how .
III .
Five Years of Reading on One Device ( Device Footprints Included ) :
I extrapolated the data to account for five years of use at the same rate of consumption as above .
( And on the same device for all five years — more on that in a minute . )
Paperback Footprint : 130,437.95 grams of CO2e
eBook Footprint ( iPad ) : 130,349.375 grams of CO2e
eBook Footprint ( iPad 2 ) : 105,349.375 grams of CO2e
I determined that it takes five years ( 32.5 books ) of steady eBook consumption ( on the same device ) to match the ecological footprint of reading the same number of print books the old fashioned way .
This number is smack in between Tellis ’ ( 14 books ) and The New York Times ’ ( 50 books ) calculations .
However it , too , is misleading because it does n’t correctly account for device replacement .
As Ted Genoways was saying , most eReaders are used for only two years before being discarded , replaced , lost or broken .
More than 20 % of all Kindles sit unused after Christmas .
So , that in mind , let ’s look at the numbers when we factor in average eReader use — and account for device replacement every two years .
IV .
Five Years of Reading ( Device Replacement Included ) :
Assuming a device is replaced every two years ( years 0 , 2 , and 4 ) , this is the most accurate depiction of how an eReader compares to a pile of print books .
That eReader , then , accounts for an initial carbon footprint 200 - 250 % greater than your typical household library , and it increases every time you get a new eReader for Christmas , or every time the latest Apple Keynote lights a fire in your wallet .
Also , these figures simply calculate the impact one person ’s consumption has on the environment .
If you live in a household with multiple eReaders — say , one for your husband and one for your daughter , too — your family ’s carbon emissions are more than 600 - 750 % higher per year than they would be if you invested in a bunch of bookshelves or , better yet , a library card .
4 .
Things are trickier than they seem , too .
The truth is that the dedicated eReader died almost as soon as it arrived , and it ’s since been replaced by items even worse for the environment than its ancestors .
What we presently refer to as eReaders are more like all - purpose tablets equipped with email clients , web browsers , games , movie players , and more .
( Even one of the earliest generations of Kindles offered a prototype web browser — buried in subfolders within the device ’s navigation system , though clearly a hint of what was coming . )
As these devices become more sophisticated , they invite more prolonged usage , so those 2.5 g of emissions per hour of use continue to add up .
Likewise , as these devices become more sophisticated , their manufacture demands more precious materials — often from Southeast Asia , Africa , and South America .
Still more problematic is the fact that outdated devices are too often discarded inappropriately .
You do n’t need to investigate very hard to find evidence of the toll this mineral mining and e-waste dumping takes on fragile ecosystems .
The emissions and e-waste numbers could be stretched even further if I went down the resource rabbit hole to factor in : electricity needed at the Amazon and Apple data centers ; communication infrastructure needed to transmit digital files across vast distances ; the incessant need to recharge or replace the batteries of eReaders ; the resources needed to recycle a digital device ( compared to how easy it is to pulp or recycle a book ) ; the packaging and physical mailing of digital devices ; the need to replace a device when it breaks ( instead of replacing a book when it ’s lost ) ; the fact that every reader of eBooks requires his or her own eReading device ( whereas print books can be loaned out as needed from a library ) ; the fact that most digital devices are manufactured abroad ( and therefore transported across oceans ) ; and etc …
This is the ultimate result of our culture ’s fetishization of technology — a problem which will assuredly worsen before it improves .
It was n’t long ago that sophisticated electronics were few and far between .
I grew up in a house with one desktop computer , and it was located in the kitchen .
That was eleven years ago , and when I remember all the times I argued with my brother over who got to play StarCraft , my memory seems as quaint and outdated as a scene from Mad Men .
Today , my thirteen - year - old sister has her own laptop , smartphone , and television to supplement the two desktop computers , additional television set , and Kindle Fire located in my mother ’s home .
There ’s an Apple store in Grand Central Station that I pass each day on my way to work ; every morning I watch hundreds of commuters browse iPads as though they were magazines or candy .
In the end , this conspicuous ( and often unnecessary ) tech consumption — eReaders included — contributes to an inflating carbon footprint far beyond anything ever caused by traditional book production .
5 .
Of course , it ’s slippery ethics to rationalize the book industry ’s carbon footprint by focusing , instead , on the larger problem of the tech industry ’s carbon footprint .
Both are problems that need to be addressed .
But for right now , if we ’re forced to choose , the traditional paper route is the better one .
If you worry for the future of our rainforests , and if you worry for the future of our planet , the responsible decision is to purchase or borrow books printed on recycled paper and from ecologically conscious vendors .
( You can find a handy list of such places and printers here . )
While this tactic alone will not solve the problem , it will certainly make a difference if enough people choose library cards instead of Kindle Singles .
And while it ’s true that , now that digital has arrived , digital is here to stay , the book reading community needs to ask itself which is more important : developing a greener way to produce print books while we halt the growth of eBooks ’ market share , committing fully to the creation of “ greener ” eReading devices — or some combination of both .
Doing neither is not an option .
Raz Godelnik , CEO of Eco -Libris , estimates that 80 % of a paperback book ’s carbon footprint is caused by the earliest stages in its production process : paper harvesting , forest clearing , and material shipping .
The BIEC recognized this , and one of its chief aims was to work on a more eco-friendly means of producing books .
As consumers , though , we also have the power to fix this by demanding an even more responsible method of production from the largest publishing houses and their contractors .
( This means we ’d have to pay more for the end product , of course . )
We must also demand better accountability from the technology companies that create eReaders , and that begins with demanding Amazon release better information about the Kindle .
Consumer outcry works : a few months ago , because everyone flipped out about the mistreatment of Foxconn workers , Apple instituted major changes to the pay structure for their subcontractors .
If we can do this with labor , we can do this with resources .
We must also resist the urge to purchase the next hot technology when it comes out .
If you have an eReader , use your eReader until it no longer works , and then recycle it responsibly .
Do not purchase a new one before the old one has stopped working .
If you own an eReader that you do not use , sell it to someone who will actually use it so that they do n’t have to buy a fresh one .
In simple terms : you would n’t buy a new edition of a book if nothing was wrong with the edition you already owned , so why would you do it with something ecologically equal to fifty of those books put together ?
Image via Wikimedia Commons
When the financial system almost imploded in the fall of 2008 , one of the primary responses by the Federal Reserve was the issuance of an unprecedented amount of FX liquidity lines in the form of swaps to foreign Central Banks .
The number went from practically zero to a peak of $ 582 billion on December 10 , 2008 .
The number of swaps outstanding was almost directly correlated with the value of the dollar ( much more on that shortly ) .
A graphic representation of this can be seen below :
The topic of skyrocketing liquidity swaps was in fact the headline feature of one of the numerous grillings of the Chairman by the inimitable Alan Grayson as can be seen in the following video :
And while Bernanke was not very interested in getting caught up in providing actual explanations , the Bank of International Settlements just released a major paper titled " The US dollar shortage in global banking and the international policy response " which goes on to demonstrate just how it happened that Fed chief Ben Bernanke in essence bailed out the entire developed world , which was facing an unprecedented dollar shortage crisis due to the sudden implosion of FX swap lines and other mechanisms which until that point were critical in maintaining the dollar funding shortfall for virtually every foreign Central Bank .
The BIS provides the following big picture perspective :
The funding difficulties which arose during the crisis are directly linked to the remarkable expansion in banks ’ global balance sheets over the past decade .
Reflecting in part the rapid pace of financial innovation , banks ’ ( particularly European banks ’ ) foreign positions have surged since 2000 , even when scaled by measures of underlying economic activity .
As banks ’ balance sheets grew , so did their appetite for foreign currency assets , notably US dollar - denominated claims on non-bank entities .
These assets include retail and corporate lending , loans to hedge funds , and holdings of structured finance products based on US mortgages and other underlying assets .
During the build - up , the low perceived risk ( high ratings ) of these instruments appeared to offer attractive return opportunities ; during the crisis they became the main source of mark to market losses .
How exactly did this improper perception of funding risk manifest itself ?
The accumulation of US dollar assets saddled banks with significant funding requirements , which they scrambled to meet during the crisis , particularly in the weeks following the Lehman bankruptcy .
To better understand these financing needs , we break down banks ’ assets and liabilities by currency to examine cross-currency funding , or the extent to which banks fund in one currency and invest in another .
We find that , since 2000 , the Japanese and the major European banking systems took on increasingly large net ( assets minus liabilities ) on - balance sheet positions in foreign currencies , particularly in US dollars .
While the associated currency exposures were presumably hedged off - balance sheet , the build - up of net foreign currency positions exposed these banks to foreign currency funding risk , or the risk that their funding positions ( FX swaps ) could not be rolled over .
Once again , the specter of everyone ( and in this case it really means everyone ) doing the same trade : sound familiar ?
This is eerily similar to what happened to basis traders in late 2008 ( nothing pretty ) when the balance of the trade was so skewed to one side , that there was nobody willing or able to take the opposing side , leading to massive wipe outs for everyone who participated .
It is also comparable to the situation prevalent in equity markets currently .
What is now unquestionable , and what will be made clear shortly , is that the dollar trade is precisely what the basis trade , or any other trade , would have ended up being for any and every Central Bank that had a funding mismatch in dollars after the Lehman bankruptcy ( all of them ) , had the Federal Reserve not stepped in and become the lender of last resort to the entire world .
The Prehistory
How did it happen than in 8 short years virtually every bank would become reliant on the Fed 's wanton printing of dollars for their very survival ?
The origins of the US dollar shortage during the crisis are linked to the expansion since 2000 in banks ’ international balance sheets .
The outstanding stock of banks ’ foreign claims grew from $ 10 trillion at the beginning of 2000 to $ 34 trillion by end -2007 , a significant expansion even when scaled by global economic activity ( Figure 1 , left panel ) .
The year - on - year growth in foreign claims approached 30 % by mid-2007 , up from around 10 % in 2001 .
This acceleration took place during a period of financial innovation , which included the emergence of structured finance , the spread of “ universal banking ” , which combines commercial and investment banking and proprietary trading activities , and significant growth in the hedge fund industry to which banks offer prime brokerage and other services .
At the level of individual banking systems , the growth in European banks ’ global positions is most noteworthy ( Figure 1 , centre panel ) .
For example , Swiss banks ’ foreign claims jumped from roughly five times Swiss nominal GDP in 2000 to more than seven times in mid-2007 ( Table 1 ) .
Dutch , French , German and UK banks ’ foreign claims expanded considerably as well .
In contrast , Canadian , Japanese and US banks ’ foreign claims grew in absolute terms over the same period , but did not significantly outpace the growth in domestic or world GDP ( Figure 1 , right panel ) .
While much of the increase for some European banking systems reflected their greater intra-euro area lending following the introduction of the single currency in 1999 , their estimated US dollar - ( and other non-euro - ) denominated positions accounted for more than half of the overall increase in their foreign assets between end -2000 and mid-2007 .
Taking a step back : how do countries traditionally express long positions in dollars , and how does it happen that what by definition should be a hedge trade , could get so out of hand .
We first introduce concepts related to an internationally active bank ’s investment and funding choices .
Consider a bank that seeks to diversify internationally , or expand its presence in a specific market abroad .
This bank will have to finance a particular portfolio of loans and securities , some of which are denominated in foreign currencies ( eg a German bank ’s investment in US dollar - denominated structured finance products ) .
The bank can finance these foreign currency positions in several ways :
The bank can borrow domestic currency , and convert it in a straight FX spot transaction to purchase the foreign asset in that currency .
It can also use FX swaps to convert its domestic currency liabilities into foreign currency and purchase the foreign assets .
4
Alternatively , the bank can borrow foreign currency , either from the interbank market , from non -bank market participants or from central banks .
The first option produces no subsequent foreign currency needs , but exposes the bank to currency risk , as the on - balance sheet mismatch between foreign currency assets and domestic currency liabilities remains unhedged .
Our working assumption is that banks employ FX swaps and forwards to hedge any on - balance sheet currency mismatch .
That is , a bank funding in domestic currency ( option 1 or 2 ) is likely to do so as described in option 2 .
Importantly , the second leg of the swap in option 2 is not that different from funding a position through foreign currency borrowing in the first place ( option 3 ) : in both cases , the bank needs to “ deliver ” foreign currency when the contractual liability comes due .
There is much more to this congruity , however for those seeking the full story we refer them to the actual paper .
The key issue is that over the years , banks managed to accumulate a substantial amount of funding risk as a result of positions set to take advantage of the Fed 's dollar destructive generosity :
Funding risk is inherently tied to stresses across the global balance sheet : mismatches between the maturity , currency and counterparty of assets and liabilities .
Quantifying this risk requires measurement of banking activity on a consolidated basis , preferably at the level of the decision - making economic unit ( ie individual banks ) .
Data designed to identify vulnerabilities in banks ’ funding patterns would ideally include , for both assets and liabilities , a complete breakdown of positions by currency , maturity and counterparty type , along with the relevant risk characteristics and off - balance sheet positions .
For a much more detailed analysis of dollar funding applicability we again refer readers to the original source , however in essence what the BIS did was to analyze the variance between domestic and foreign offices / balance sheets vis-a - vis domestic operations of various banks , and how dollar funding via FX swaps or otherwise was hedged on bank balance sheets , as well as funding maturity mismatch for dollar assets .
We use this dataset to investigate how banks fund their foreign currency investments , and to derive their funding requirements across currencies and counterparties .
While not at the individual bank level , the advantages of these data are that they provide ( i ) the consolidated foreign assets and liabilities for each banking system , ( ii ) estimates of the gross and net positions by currency , and ( iii ) information on the sources of financing ( ie interbank market , central banks and non-bank counterparties ) .
One of the key findings of the BIS paper is that the host countries of foreign banks have massive international operations , which traditionally are funded in the reserve currency - the dollar :
Looking at these data from the perspective of host countries shows just how large banks ’ international operations really are .
Table 2 , where the column headings now indicate host countries , shows the gross and net international asset position of each country , and compares these to banks ’ cross - border claims ( here , including banks ’ cross - border interoffice positions as well ) .
The table distinguishes between positions booked by offices of “ domestic ” and “ foreign ” banks in each host country .
In five countries ( BE , CH , DE , JP and UK ) , banks ’ cross - border positions accounted for almost half of that country ’s external assets at end -2007 , and as much as a quarter in five other countries ( CA , ES , FR , IT and NL ) .
The offices of foreign banks alone accounted for nearly 40 % of the United Kingdom ’s external assets .
In contrast , positions booked by the home offices of domestic banks were much larger in the case of Belgium , Germany , Japan and Switzerland .
What is notable from the above table is just how massive foreign banks '
USD - funded positions are , especially when viewed from the perspective of various GDP numbers .
The 6 countries that make up the core of the Eurozone all have foreign dollar denominated claims which are well over 100 % of their respective GDPs !
These countries took on an amount of Dollar exposure that would take on a country 's entire GDP to fund and then some .
And the fact that they have done so with the complicity of the Federal Reserve is staggering and a clarion call for a global risk regulator which is distinctly separate from the US Fed , which prompted this intractable risk taking in the first place .
As for how this funding mismatch manifests itself in practice , the BIS had this insight :
Foreign currency assets often exceed the extent of funding in the same currency .
This is shown in Figure 3 , where , in each panel , the lines indicate the overall net position ( foreign assets minus liabilities ) in each of the major currencies .
If we assume that banks ’ on - balance sheet open currency positions are small , these cross-currency net positions are a measure of banks ’ reliance on FX swaps .
Many banking systems maintain long positions in foreign currencies , where “ long ” ( “ short ” ) denotes a positive ( negative ) net position .
These long foreign currency positions are mirrored in net borrowing in domestic currency from home country residents ( recall equation ( 1 ) ) .
UK banks , for example , borrowed ( net ) in sterling ( some $ 550 billion in mid-2007 , both cross - border and from UK residents ) in order to finance their corresponding long positions in US dollars , euros and other foreign currencies .
By mid-2007 , their long US dollar positions stood at $ 200 billion , on an estimated $ 2 trillion in gross US dollar claims .
Similarly , German and Swiss banks ’ net US dollar books approached $ 300 billion by mid-2007 , while that of Dutch banks surpassed $ 150 billion .
In comparison , Belgian and French banks maintained a relatively neutral overall US dollar position prior to the crisis , while Spanish banks had borrowed US dollars to finance euro lending at home , at least until mid-2006 .
Taken together , Figures 2 and 3 thus show that several European banking systems expanded their long US dollar positions significantly since 2000 , and funded them primarily by borrowing in their domestic currency from home country residents .
This is consistent with European universal banks using their retail banking arms to fund the expansion of investment banking activities , which have a large dollar component and are concentrated in major financial centres .
In aggregate , European banks ’ combined long US dollar positions grew to roughly $ 700 billion by mid-2007 ( Figure 5 , top left panel ) , funded by short positions in sterling , euros and Swiss francs .
15
As banks ’ cross-currency funding grew , so did their hedging requirements and FX swap transactions , which are subject to funding risk when these contracts have to be rolled over .
And here comes the first estimate ever attempted at quantifying the Fed sponsored " Dollar Destructive " moral hazard : the upper bound of the total loss in the case of a major liquidity event occurring with the Fed 's complicit bailout on the table would amount to a staggering $ 6.5 trillion from a dollar duration funding mismatch alone !
This is an astounding , unfathomable and untenable number .
Yet it is likely the same now as it was at the onset of the Lehman crisis .
Taken together , these estimates suggest that European banks ’
US dollar investments in nonbanks were subject to considerable funding risk at the onset of the crisis .
The net US dollar book , aggregated across the major European banking systems , is portrayed in Figure 5 ( bottom left panel ) , with the non -bank component tracked by the green line .
By this measure , the major European banks ’
US dollar funding gap had reached $ 1.0 –1.2 trillion by mid-2007 .
Until the onset of the crisis , European banks had met this need by tapping the interbank market ( $ 432 billion ) and by borrowing from central banks ( $ 386 billion ) , and used FX swaps ( $ 315 billion ) to convert ( primarily ) domestic currency funding into dollars .
If we assume that these banks ’ liabilities to money market funds ( roughly $ 1 trillion , Baba et al ( 2009 ) ) are also short - term liabilities , then the estimate of their US dollar funding gap in mid-2007 would be $ 2.0 – 2.2 trillion .
Were all liabilities to non-banks treated as short - term funding , the upper - bound estimate would be $ 6.5 trillion ( Figure 5 , bottom right panel ) .
The Crisis
So what exactly was the chain of events that ended up with the Fed having to singlehandedly bailout the rest of the world ?
The implied maturity transformation in Figure 5 became unsustainable as banks ’ major sources of short - term funding turned out to be less stable than expected .
Beginning in August 2007 , heightened counterparty risk and liquidity concerns compromised short - term interbank funding ( Taylor and Williams ( 2009 ) ) , visible in the rise of the blue line in the lower left panel .
The related dislocations in FX swap markets made it even more expensive to obtain US dollars via currency swaps ( Baba and Packer ( 2009a ) ) , as European banks ’
US dollar funding requirements exceeded other entities ’ funding needs in other currencies .
European banks ’ funding difficulties were compounded by instability in the non -bank sources of funds as well .
Money market funds , facing large redemptions following the failure of Lehman Brothers , withdrew from bank - issued paper , threatening a wholesale run on banks ( Baba et al ( 2009 ) ) .
Less abruptly , a portion of the US dollar foreign exchange reserves that central banks had placed with commercial banks was withdrawn during the course of the crisis .
In particular , some monetary authorities in emerging markets reportedly withdrew placements in support of their own banking systems in need of US dollars .
Market conditions during the crisis have made it difficult for banks to respond to these funding pressures by reducing their US dollar assets .
While European banks held a sizeable share of their net US dollar investments as ( liquid ) US government securities ( Figure 5 , bottom right panel ) , other claims on non-bank entities – such as structured finance products – have been harder to sell into illiquid markets without realising large losses .
Other factors also hampered deleveraging of US dollar assets : banks brought off - balance sheet vehicles back onto their balance sheets and prearranged credit commitments were drawn .
Indeed , as shown in Figure 5 ( top right panel ) , the estimated outstanding stock of European banks ’
US dollar claims actually rose slightly ( by $ 248 billion or 3 % ) between Q2 2007 and Q3 2008 .
It was not until the fourth quarter of 2008 that signs of deleveraging emerged .
Banks reacted to the dollar shortage in various ways , supported by actions taken by central banks to alleviate the funding pressures .
Prior to the collapse of Lehman Brothers ( up to end - Q2 2008 ) , European banks tapped funds in the United States ; their local US dollar liabilities booked by their US offices , which included their borrowing from Federal Reserve facilities , grew by $ 329 billion ( 13 % ) between Q2 2007 and Q3 2008 , while their local assets remained largely unchanged ( Figure 6 , left panel ) .
This allowed European banks to channel funds out of the United States via inter - office transfers ( right panel ) , presumably to help their head offices replace US dollar funding previously obtained from the market .
In a nutshell what happened is that short - term sources to sustain the massive dollar funding mismatch disappeared virtually overnight , and CBs were suddenly facing a toxic spiral of selling increasingly more worthless assets merely to satisfy currency funding needs in an environment where all of a sudden nobody was willing to provide FX swap lines .
So what happens next ...
The Fed Bails Out The World
No , that is not an overstatement : had the Fed not stepped in , the rest of the world ( which optimistic pundits tend to forget exists in their bubble view of the US market as the one and only ) would have simply collapsed as the $ 6.5 trillion dollar funding gap closed in on itself , causing a indiscriminate selling off of all dollar denominated assets .
The implosion of the basis trade would have seemed like a picnic compared to what was about to ensue had the Fed not stepped in to perpetuate the Fiat banking way of life .
The severity of the US dollar shortage among banks outside the United States called for an international policy response .
While European central banks adopted measures to alleviate banks ’ funding pressures in their domestic currencies , they could not provide sufficient US dollar liquidity .
Thus they entered into temporary reciprocal currency arrangements ( swap lines ) with the Federal Reserve in order to channel US dollars to banks in their respective jurisdictions ( Figure 7 ) .
Swap lines with the ECB and the Swiss National Bank were announced as early as December 2007 .
Following the failure of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 , however , the existing swap lines were doubled in size , and new lines were arranged with the Bank of Canada , the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan , bringing the swap lines total to $ 247 billion .
As the funding disruptions spread to banks around the world , swap arrangements were extended across continents to central banks in Australia and New Zealand , Scandinavia , and several countries in Asia and Latin America , forming a global network ( Figure 7 ) .
Various central banks also entered regional swap arrangements to distribute their respective currencies across borders .
And here is the chart that started off this article in more regional detail :
And it gets worse : the Fed 's printing press single handedly guaranteed the way of life for the UK , the Eurozone and Switzerland with unlimited funding !
Whether the Fed was within its rights to bet the American way of life in order to mitigate the stupidity of Europe is a question best left to politicians .
And politicians take note : the Fed 's actions were to the benefit of " banks around the world including those that have no US subsidiaries or insufficient eligible collateral to borrow directly from the Federal Reserve System . "
On 13 October 2008 , the swap lines between the Federal Reserve and the Bank of England , the ECB and the Swiss National Bank became unlimited to accommodate any quantity of US dollar funding demanded .
The swap lines provided these central banks with ammunition beyond their existing foreign exchange reserves ( Obstfeld et al ( 2009 ) ) , which in mid-2007 amounted to [ TD : a meager and very much underfunded ] $ 294 billion for the euro area , Switzerland and the United Kingdom combined , an order of magnitude smaller than our lower - bound estimate of the US dollar funding gap .
In providing US dollars on a global scale , the Federal Reserve effectively engaged in international lending of last resort .
The swap network can be understood as a mechanism by which the Federal Reserve extends loans , collateralised by foreign currencies , to other central banks , which in turn make these funds available through US dollar auctions in their respective jurisdictions .
This made US dollar liquidity accessible to commercial banks around the world , including those that have no US subsidiaries or insufficient eligible collateral to borrow directly from the Federal Reserve System .
The quantities of US dollars actually allotted through US dollar auctions in Europe provide an indication of European banks ’
US dollar funding shortfall at any point in time ( Figure 8 ) .
Most of the Federal Reserve ’s international provision of US dollars was indeed channelled through central banks in Europe , consistent with the finding that the funding pressures were particularly acute among European banks .
Once the swap lines became unlimited , the share provided through the Eurosystem , the Bank of England and the Swiss National Bank combined was 81 % ( 15 October 2008 ) , and it has remained in the range of 50 –60 % since December 2008 .
Concluding observations
One angle of preliminary concluding remarks is provided by the cautiously worded prose of the BIS :
The recent financial crisis has highlighted just how little is known about the structure of banks ’ international balance sheets and their interconnectedness .
The globalisation of banking over the past decade and the increasing complexity of banks ’ international positions have made it harder to construct measures of funding vulnerabilities that take into account currency and maturity mismatches ...
The analysis shows that between 2000 and mid-2007 , the major European banking systems built up long US dollar positions vis -à - vis non-banks and funded them by interbank borrowing , borrowing from central banks and FX swaps .
We argue that this greater transformation across counterparties in fact reflected greater maturity transformation across these banks ’ balance sheets , exposing them to considerable funding risk .
When heightened credit risk compromised sources of short - term funding during the crisis , the chronic US dollar funding needs became acute , particularly in the wake of the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy .
In contrast to many previous international financial crises , it was banks ’ international exposures to other industrialised countries that deteriorated , and the global interbank and FX swap funding structure which seized up .
The build - up of such stresses at the global level can only be identified by tracking the extent of cross-currency funding , and by implication , banks ’ reliance on short - term interbank and FX swap positions .
What pushed the system to the brink was not cross-currency funding per se , but rather too many large banks employing funding strategies in the same direction , the funding equivalent of a “ crowded trade ” .
Only when examined at the aggregate level can such vulnerabilities be identified .
By quantifying the US dollar overhang on non-US banks ’ global balance sheets , this paper contributes to a better understanding of why the extraordinary international policy response was necessary , and why it took the form of a global network of central bank swap lines .
Why is this critical ?
We are now back at a time when the only gains in the stock market are at the expense of dollar destruction , with a concomittant funding for dollar denominated assets .
In one short year since the collapse of Lehman we have gone back to the same dollar funding risk exposure as was on the books in these days before Dick Fuld 's empire unravelled .
While whether or not the Federal Reserve stepped beyond its bounds in practically bailing out not just Goldman Sachs , but as this paper has proven , virtually the entire world , is not up to us to decide .
However , a critical topic is : have we learned anything from the implications of an unprecedented dollar funding gap , which is likely back to record levels once again ?
What is obvious is that the Fed 's current policy of a weak dollar , contrary to its repeated lies otherwise , is simply enhancing the dollar funding moral hazard : and the breaking point will come sooner or later with disastrous consequences .
As the H.4.1 discloses weekly , the Fed 's liquidity swaps are now back to almost zero .
This means that foreign Central Banks believe they have the FX swap and dollar maturity situation under control .
They thought the same before Lehman blew up .
And they were wrong .
As the DXY continues tumbling ever lower to fresh 2009 lows , the trade de jour is once again the dollar funding one , although unlike before when the Yen was the carry currency of choice , this time it is the dollar itself , positioning banks for the double whammy of not just a dollar funding shock , but one coupled with a potential massive and historic short squeeze .
If and when an exogenous event occurs , not even $ 6.5 trillion in Fed swap lines will be sufficient to bail out the world economy .
It is time someone in Congress asks the Chairman all the pertinent questions that evolve from this analysis and how he is prepared to handle its next , much more vicious , and likely terminal , iteration .
Full BIS paper .
Meanwhile , production from the giant oil fields which make up the lion 's share of global production has continued to decline .
There is a growing consensus , at least among those concerned about peak oil , that the July 2008 peak of production will probably remain as the all - time historic high for global oil production .
3
As of the most recent measure , more than 60 % of global oil fields are past peak and are now in permanent decline .
4
In the couple of years since Culture Change was first published , much has changed .
Culture Change predicted that in 2007 we were " at or near " global peak oil production , and that we would face a " large economic contraction " as a result .
1
In July 2008 oil production hit an all - time high of 74.8 million barrels per day and oil prices reached an unprecedented height of $ 147.27 in daily trading .
2
Since then , the global economy has collapsed into the worst recession since the Great Depression .
Oil prices have oscillated wildly , and oil production has declined as global demand has decreased .
This is a guest post by Alexis Ziegler .
Alexis is a communitarian , builder , orchardist and environmental activist living in central Virginia .
He is the author of a recently published book , " Culture Change : Civil Liberty , Peak Oil , and the End of Empire " .
More information can be found at conev.org .
Among peak oil devotees , the discussion has continued ; but in the popular media , the concept of peak oil has been all but forgotten .
We have stopped talking about the most powerful limit to growth humanity has ever faced just at the precise historical moment that it sinks its teeth deeply into the global economy .
The irony is mind - boggling .
The impacts of peak oil are transforming our political culture before our very eyes , but the connections between ecological limits and political change remain absent from public awareness .
These changes demand with new urgency that we address the problem of blind culture , of finding a way to make our society socially intelligent .
Oil Supply Constraints and the Rise of the New Caesars
Peak oil seems to be causing considerable economic fall out .
Though there are many " causes " for the current economic downturn , one can be certain that the availability and limitations of energy supply have had an enormous impact .
The economic fallout of peak oil is rippling its way through our economy , but we are being distracted from the realities of what is occurring around us .
The Housing and Urban Development Department recently released the stunning claim that the " number of homeless has remained steady since 2007 .
" 5
Meanwhile , in the real world , newspapers are reporting " 61 percent of local and state homeless coalitions say they 've experienced a rise in homelessness since the foreclosure crisis began in 2007 . " ( MSNBC ) , 6 " Cities Deal With a Surge in Shantytowns " ( NY Times ) , 7 and " There are reports of tent cities popping up across the country as unemployment rises in a worsening economy ... " ( Huffington Post ) 8
The social impacts of the global financial meltdown are rippling their way through the American economy , though we are loathe to admit it .
The economic impacts of the limits of oil supply extend well beyond the border of the United States .
Globally , the number of hungry people in the world was decreasing up until the mid 1990s .
Beginning then , because of the global debt crisis and the austerity measures imposed on poor countries by the International Monetary Fund , hunger began to climb .
Since then , hunger is on a steepening curve upward because of the rapid expansion of biofuel , the expansion of meat consumption among the global upper class , and the impacts of global warming on agricultural production .
( Biofuel is now consuming about 5 % of the global food supply , and meat consumption has been growing twice as fast as population itself . )
9
Why is the United States in an undefined " War on Terror " with no end ?
The graph below tells the story .
When this graph was first created , the authors optimistically predicted that hunger would fall on one of the two lines to the right of the graph .
The dots inserted show what has actually happened since the creation of this graph .
For every person starving in the world , there are many who suffer less severe privation .
The upturn of hunger is a stark manifestation of the global polarization of wealth , driven to ever more bitter manifestations by a contracting energy supply .
Revolutionary movements , congealed by religious fervor , are the face of the reaction from the bottom .
The " War on Terror " is the witch hunt from the top down .
This escalating war cannot be ended by a change of administration or policy .
It can only be ended by a fundamental restructuring of our economy .
From World Band and FAO10
We live on a finite Earth .
That is obvious .
Oil production has been declining , and we will likely never again surpass the production levels reached in 2008 .
Stalled oil production has triggered an economic contraction .
But the connections between oil supply and political change remain hidden from us .
Global class warfare under the banner of the " War on Terror " is escalating even as tent cities pop up around American cities .
Meanwhile , the U.S. has elected the first black president , a Democrat who has promised to bring a more thoughtful and humane approach to politics in our country .
The Bush administration was blamed for many of the ills that developed under its reign , but are those policies and problems being reversed ?
Or are they continuing to grow , fed by unrecognized resource constraints ?
President Bush was vilified for his assertion of unlimited power in a time of war under the title " Commander in Chief . "
The Bush Administration set up the prison at Guantanamo Bay , ordered the military incarceration of " enemy combatants " without judicial review , ignored long standing principles of habeas corpus , set up military trials resembling those that operate under dictatorships around the world , established targeted killing of enemies on foreign soil , established a policy of the " rendition " of enemies to foreign governments or secret prisons where they might be tortured , ignored the Geneva Conventions concerning the treatment of prisoners , approved the use waterboarding and other forms of torture on prisoners , and established an extensive domestic spying program .
How has President Obama responded to these challenges that he inherited ?
" Obama is actually strengthening ( rather than " changing " ) the Bush / Cheney approach to Terrorism even more effectively than Bush did by entrenching those policies in law and causing unprincipled Democrats to switch from pretending to oppose them to supporting them , thus transforming them into bipartisan dogma . "
Glenn Greenwald , Salon online magazine11
" The new administration has copied most of the Bush program , has expanded some of it , and has narrowed only a bit .
Almost all of the Obama changes have been at the level of packaging , argumentation , symbol , and rhetoric . "
Jack Goldsmith , The New Republic 12
" If you mean the actual policy of how are we detaining people , how we are monitoring communication in order to gain intelligence , what we are doing with Predator drone strikes in Pakistan and so forth , the substance of what is happening now , and what was happening on , say , January 20 , 2009 before noon , when Bush was president , is very similar , and there 's some superficial changes like they 're going to try to close Guantanamo , but the policy of indefinite detention without trials for terrorism suspects who are deemed too dangerous to release , but too difficult to put on trial , remain .
So the essence of that policy is the same , whether it's at Guantanamo or somewhere else .
Charlie Savage of the New York Times13
There is no objective way to measure President Obama 's record on civil liberties or to weigh that record against his more ameliorative statements on foreign policy issues .
But , to re-frame the question : Imagine we are back again in the year 1999 , ten years ago .
Imagine that we could foresee the future enough to know that a Republican administration would be followed by Democratic one .
Would you have guessed at that time that the aforementioned policies of detention without warrant or trial , domestic spying , or oversees rendition and execution would be unfolding as they have under a nominally liberal president ?
Getting lost in the right - vs - wrong , ethics - vs- political necessity debate only buries the truth about what is currently unfolding in our society deeper in the mythological mud .
The reality is that the United States is changing .
We are part of an aging Empire that is now facing a constriction of energy supply , which will in turn exacerbate the impacts of other ecological and resource limits .
Put simply , if the global supply of energy and resources is shrinking , and if the global upper class is intent on maintaining its lifestyle at current or expanded levels , the consumption of the rich must be supported by a reduction of consumption among the poor .
If the energy pie is shrinking and we intend to continue to eat the same or more , than everyone else must eat less .
What are the political and cultural ramifications of these changes ?
They are manifest in the changes we see in our political system .
Maintaining current levels of consumption demands strong - handed intervention around the world , as well as growing state power at home .
The number of starving people on the Earth has been growing substantially , and the number of people left out of economic growth has been growing even more rapidly .
This economic polarization will of necessity breed political resistance .
But we are loathe to recognize that our economic choices drive political change in our own society .
We want to see ourselves as the masters of our own destiny .
Now we have " liberal " democrats pursuing policies that we could not have imagined ten years ago .
These changes are driven by the structural changes in our society , in our economy , and will continue to be so in the future .
The moral fabric of our society is not created by our conscious intent , even if we are hell - bent on believing that we are the conscious masters of our political universe .
If we allow the ecological and economic foundation of our society to unravel , then the impacts of that unraveling will be overwhelming , and will be far more powerful than our ability to overcome poverty , racism , sexism , homophobia , or any other form of oppression by means of moral exhortation .
We see the unthinkable before us ; large - scale domestic spying and state sanctioned extra-judicial killing around the world , initiated by conservatives but emboldened and carried forward by liberals .
Large scale economic growth is over -- forever .
For now President Obama is trying to clean up the mess he inherited .
Soon , it will be his mess .
Already , there is a vocal movement on the far right to vilify him .
When the economy takes its next dip , or fails to recover as his presidency matures , he will be blamed .
It is hard to say exactly which social movements will succeed , or what symbolism they will employ or precisely what policies they will enact .
The general trends are , however , predictable .
The form of civil liberty that we have enjoyed until now was a product of economic growth .
The demand to maintain very high levels of consumption under conditions of constricting energy supply will demand a further concentration of state power and a very aggressive foreign policy .
Just as Caesar Agustus took Rome from being a limited democracy back to a dictatorship , our presidents will in the coming years enforce whatever measure of state power necessary to maintain access to resources .
Civil liberty has always been to some extent constrained by class status .
Civil liberty will become increasingly limited by class status as this process matures .
Real Problems , Real Solutions
If you listen to the news every day , you will hear stories about bombings in Iraq and Afghanistan , the health reform debate , the state of the economy and the timeline for recovery , perhaps a story about the latest organization to take a stance for or against gay marriage .
The myopic nature of our political and academic debate is dangerous .
Instead of building the machines we will need to support ourselves as energy supplies decline , we continue to use the steel , glass , electronics , and energy to build the old economy .
Even the most radical news outlets rarely mention limitations of energy supply , or the other limits we inevitably face .
14
And even then , a recognition of the connections between the limits of energy supply and current political changes is utterly absent .
The limitations we face are going to manifest in ever - hardening global class lines .
The escalating price of energy means that those who can afford to pay the higher prices will grumble and pay , while those who cannot will starve .
As this crisis matures , the political obfuscation will only intensify .
It is as if we are standing on the deck of the Titanic .
The warnings have been issued , but not heard .
We are waiting until we feel the water at our ankles .
Remediation only becomes more difficult with each passing day .
In the larger perspective , we do not face an energy crisis at all .
Even as oil supplies decline , we will still have a greater supply of energy and other resources at our disposal than our grandparents had .
The vast majority of people live very frugally , simply because they have to .
Even in industrialized nations , some people live much more frugally than others .
The real issue is power .
As we discussed in Culture Change , consumption is power , throughput is power .
15
The desire of the global upper class to hold on to power drives them to continue to consume , and that is creating a conflict over dwindling resources .
Dancing Rabbit Common
House , fully solar powered .
House in the left corner of the picture is strawbale .
Dancing Rabbit uses about 90 % less energy per capita compared to the American average .
Dancing Rabbit is an ecovillage in Missouri .
Since the publication of Culture Change , I became curious about the difference in energy consumption as it relates to differing ways of living in the U.S.
To explore that curiosity , I conducted a small , non-scientific survey of the energy use of my friends and acquaintances , all dedicated environmentalists .
I also conducted a survey of various groups who choose to live cooperatively , both rural and urban .16 I was curious how the energy consumption of these various groups compared to each other and to the American norm .
The results were startling .
Among the people living in private homes , each using their own strategy to conserve , domestic energy use was higher than the American average .
How could that be ?
The answer to the riddle is that the American average includes many people living in urban settings in apartments .
An apartment with other apartments around it uses less energy because the apartments have shared walls .
Single family homes , even when occupied by conscientious individuals , use more energy because they stand alone .
Various environmental groups have made the radical assertion that we need to decrease energy use by 80 % or more over the next 50 years in order to address global warming .
The startling discovery about people living cooperatively is that many of these folks are already using 75 % to 90 % less energy than the average American today , not 50 years from now .
This subject has been pursued in greater depth in a book by the author , Beyond Greenhype , Real Solutions for Global Warming.17
Twin Oaks residence , with solar electricity , solar water heating , passive solar design and super - insulated .
Twin Oaks uses about 75 % less energy per capita compared to the American average .
Twin Oaks is the largest , secular income sharing intentional community in the U.S. , and is located in central VA .
Clearly , we have already discovered the solution to our energy problem .
Real solutions involve living differently , and using alternative energy cooperatively .
Alternative energies such as wind and solar are , relative to fossil fuel , expensive to produce , intermittent , and modest .
Alternative energy is very poorly suited to private use , and well suited to cooperative use .
If the solution is that simple , why have we not adopted it already ?
Because throughput is power .
The voracious consumption of resources among industrialized nations ensures they will remain on top .
We have a crisis of power , and the concentration of power is the single most significant factor driving the creation of blind culture .
Social stratification and blind culture are two sides of the same coin .
To assert that " we " should live cooperatively or conserve energy is not likely to yield much result when speaking to the privileged classes .
All of the graphs plotting the rates of consumption of vital resources remain nearly vertical .
While many are aware of the serious nature of our environmental problem , very few take it seriously .
The vast majority of even highly informed citizens of industrial society continue much as before : traveling , living , and eating as they choose .
Many people feel overwhelmed by the complexity and scale of the issues we face .
Some focus on one particular aspect of the problem by obsessively recycling or vehemently espousing veganism .
But there is no identifiable movement towards the basic structural change of industrial society that is so desperately needed .
This is not surprising given that , even in the environmental literature , readers are assured over and over that they can continue to live in their own private homes , drive private cars , and eat as they choose , as long as they make small adjustments over time toward conservation .
In his latest book Bill McKibben even goes so far as to tell his readers that they " do n't have to join a commune , " without defining what terrible fate must await those who do cooperate , or why that fate is more terrible than global ecological collapse .
18 Over and over again , Americans are assured that token conservation measures will suffice .
The bottom line is the consumption is power , and those who have the power to consume will hold on to that power tenaciously .
Some people within the U.S. and other industrial states are truly committed to a sustainable transition , but they are not numerous enough to constitute a real movement .
One has to assume that token gestures that leave current power structures completely unchanged will remain the norm for the near future in industrialized states .
Globally , the situation is much more complex .
There is growing resistance to the neoliberal agenda that seeks to further concentrate wealth and power .
There are many movements and projects that are working toward real sustainability among people who are willing to live more simply , or heaven forbid , cooperatively , because they always have .
Can those movements coalesce into a global movement toward real sustainability ?
Perhaps .
Can that be achieved without severe class conflict ?
Probably not .
Our future is messy and uncertain .
The collapse of industrial civilization , if it manifests as a disorderly disintegration , will cause great destruction of people and the natural world , and it will not resolve the fundamental cause of the problem -- the polarization of power and the blinding of cultural evolution .
It 's up to us to do that .
Notes
1. Zeigler , Alexis , Culture Change : Civil Liberty , Peak Oil , and the End of Empire , Ecodem Press , Charlottesville , 2007 , p.15 , 41 .
2 . Oil production numbers from http://www.postcarbon.org/peak-oil-day
3. Heinberg , Richard , http://www.postcarbon.org/peak-oil-day
" On July 11 , 2008 , the price of a barrel of oil hit a record $ 147.27 in daily trading .
That same month , world crude oil production achieved a record 74.8 million barrels per day . "
" Maybe it ’s a stretch to say that the production peak occurred at one identifiable moment , but attributing it to the day oil prices reached their high - water mark may be a useful way of fixing the event in our minds .
So I suggest that we remember July 11 , 2008 as Peak Oil Day . "
4 . http://www.theoildrum.com/node/5576
5. Homeless Numbers Include More Families , KEVIN FREKING , Associated Press Writer Kevin Freking , Associated Press Writer , http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20090709/ap_on_go_ca_st_pe/us_homeless_americans
6. Associated Press , Thurs. , Sept .
18 , 2008
7. Jesse McKinley , March 25 , 2009 , http://www.nytimes.com/2009/03/26/us/26tents.html
8. A Tent City Near You ?
Tell Us About It , March 13 , 2009 10:10 AM
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/03/13/a-tent-city-near-you-tell_n_174...
9 . http://www.theoildrum.com/node/2431, Brown , Lester , Plan B 2.0 ; Rescuing a Planet Under Stress and a Civilization in Trouble , Norton , NY NY , 2006 , p.176
10 . World Bank : Global Food and Fuel Crisis Will Increase Malnourished by 44 Million , Press Release No:2008/107/EXC
UN FAO : Briefing paper : Hunger on the rise , Soaring prices add 75 million people to global hunger rolls http://www.fao.org/newsroom/common/ecg/1000923/en/hungerfigs.pdf
http://www.fao.org/news/story/en/item/20568/icode/
11 . http://www.salon.com/opinion/greenwald/radio/2009/07/02/savage/index.html, Glenn Greenwald Thursday July 2 , 2009
12 . http://www.tnr.com/politics/story.html?id=1e733cac-c273-48e5-9140-80443e...
Jack Goldsmith , May 18 , 2009
13 .
http://www.salon.com/opinion/greenwald/radio/2009/07/02/savage/index1.html
Thursday July 2 , 2009
14 .
We face innumerable limits to continued industrial growth on the Earth , and each of these limits it made more difficult by decreasing energy supply .
Resource substitutions , such as using steel instead of wood as a building material , requires more enery .
Limits such as soil erosion , water supply , declining mineral ore density are each made more difficult by declining energy supply .
See Meadows , Donnella , Jorgen Rogers , Dennis Meadows , The Limits to Growth , The 30 Year Update , Chelsea Green , White River Junction , VT , 2004 or Heinberg , Richard , Peak Everything , Waking up to a Century of Declines , New Society Publishers , Gabriola Island BC , 2007
15 . " Throughput is the volume of resources that must be passed through ( extracted , processed , and sold ) in the industrial economy to maintain employment , profit , and growth .
Throughput results in ; 1 ) economic stimulus , 2 ) political power , and 3 ) military dominion . "
See Culture Change , p.62 .
16 . http://www.ic.org/
17 . Alexis Zeigler , Beyond Greenhype , Real Solutions for Climate Change , Ecodem Press , Charlottesville Virginia , 2009 , ISBN 0-9665048-3-6 , http://conev.org/greenhype15.pdf
18 . McKibben , Bill , Deep Economy : The Wealth of Communities and the Durable Future , Times Books , Henry Holt and Co. , NY 2007 , p.105
Wired.com and Wired magazine have so many favorite science - fiction films that it ’s taking us two days to list ’em all .
To honor Tuesday ’s 107th anniversary of A Trip to the Moon , we showed you what we like pre– Star Wars .
Here are our faves from then ’til now .
Flip through ’em , and then tell us what your favorites are .
Above : Star Wars ( 1977 )
Why ?
Obvious .
Just plain obvious .
— Chuck Squatriglia
Close Encounters of the Third Kind ( 1977 )
Is n’t it everyone ’s dream to fill their house with dirt ?
— Stephanie Dale
Capricorn One ( 1978 )
Because it ’s based on the theory that the lunar landing was a hoax .
And O.J. Simpson is my favorite actor .
— David Kravets
Alien ( 1979 )
Beyond - claustrophobic scary , with secret agendas , an expendable crew , an evil robot and no clear sighting of the menacing protagonist until the movie is almost over .
This would have been the first sci- fi movie that made me scared of outer space if I had n’t first seen Outland .
— John Abell
Stalker ( 1979 )
Stalker is an existential sci-fi masterpiece from Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky .
Filmed during the Cold War , the story takes place in a no - go area called “ The Zone . ”
Deep within the The Zone , one ’s secret fantasies are waiting to be fulfilled .
Like all of Tarkovsky ’s films , the haunting imagery of Stalker is more like a dream than a movie .
It should also be noted that Tarkovsky shot Stalker at an abandoned hydroelectric power plant in Estonia .
Tarkovsky , his wife Larissa , and the film ’s star , Anatoly Solonitsyn , all died of cancer , perhaps due to contamination , within a decade of the film ’s release .
— Annaliza Savage
Star Wars : The Empire Strikes Back ( 1980 )
Hands down , the best of the Star Wars movies and not only that :
It ’s actually good .
— Evan Hansen
Outland ( 1981 )
A retelling of High Noon set in a off - planet mining facility that could have been in the Old West , where the law is a washed - up sheriff with an inexplicable Scottish accent who just wo n’t sell out , more bounty hunters , a Dr. McCoy–like sidekick and a villainous Peter Boyle who had n’t been this sleazy a character since Joe .
— John Abell
Road Warrior ( 1981 )
No elaboration necessary .
— Evan Hansen
E.T. ( 1982 )
Hey , I have kids , what can I tell you .
— Louise Knapp
Blade Runner ( 1982 )
It has a reluctant cop who works alone , tons of meaning - of - life questions , amazing set and production design and a very hot Daryl Hannah .
— John Abell
One of the films I did n’t mind watching over and over for my aesthetics and criticism class in college .
So much symbolism , great cinematography … and costumes , of course .
— Stephanie Dale
Star Trek : The Wrath of Khan ( 1982 )
Hands down the best of the Trek movies and not only that … it ’s actually good .
— Evan Hansen
Liquid Sky ( 1982 )
Tiny aliens land their dinner - plate–sized spaceship in a fashion model ’s NYC loft apartment to satisfy their jonesing for human endorphins .
The low - budget sleaze ensues .
Bonus points for the 1980 ’s neon fashions and the Casio - tastic electro soundtrack .
— Michael Calore
2010 ( 1984 )
Great cinematography right from the opening shots comparing human scale with the Very Large Array of radiotelescopes and that implicitly with the universe .
The point - of - view spacewalk out - vertigoes Alfred Hitchcock ’s trick shots in Vertigo , and the scene ’s sound mix of pulse and respiration makes it vertiginously frightening .
– Randy Alfred
The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension ( 1984 )
Humor , adventure , like a dozen movie stars before they were movie stars , eminently quotable , and the coolest hero ever .
So obvious a choice , if it ’d been a snake , it would ’ve bit me .
— Adam Rogers
The Hidden ( 1987 )
Is it the best movie about giant alien slugs that take over human bodies so they can indulge in earthly pleasantries like driving sports cars , going to strip clubs and mercilessly slaughtering innocents ?
Maybe .
The best one starring Kyle MacLachlan ?
Definitely .
— Michael Calore
Robocop ( 1987 )
No film in history has come so close to predicting the war zone that modern day Detroit has become .
— Danny Dumas
Spaceballs ( 1987 )
It may not count , because it ’s a Mel Brooks comedy , but in my estimation you have to be really smart about sci- fi to make the kind of jokes they make in that film , which in turn makes it the nerdiest thing ever .
Geeks geeking out about being geeks , you know ?
I recently watched it with some current and former Wired folks and we pretty much quoted the entire movie beginning to end .
Again , geeks geeking out about being geeks .
— Angela Watercutter
Terminator II ( 1990 )
Better than the original .
— Evan Hansen
Twelve Monkeys ( 1995 )
Nobody does desperate , crazy , dirty , tooth - pulling time traveler like Bruce Willis .
Plus , it ’s the first time the world realized Brad Pitt ’s best roles are when he plays bat - shit insane guys .
— Erin Biba
Starship Troopers ( 1997 )
The brilliant CG animation of the buglike aliens still looks great 12 years later .
But what really makes this film timeless ( and timely ) is the way that it layers wicked satire and subtle commentary on fascism , colonialism and wartime propaganda underneath all of the gung - ho action movie clichés .
— Chris Baker
Neil Patrick Harris as a psychic intelligence officer FTW !
— Danny Dumas
Giant bugs , exploding guts , Neil Patrick Harris .
Nuff said .
— Erin Biba
Gattaca ( 1997 )
It ’s a perfectly imagined dystopian future because , frankly , it ’s not so far - fetched .
DNA - based discrimination , designer babies and manned missions to Saturn .
Sounds like 2009 .
— Erin Biba
The Matrix ( 1999 )
Screw all you art house snobs .
The Matrix was awesome , and you know it .
— Keith Axline
See , that is the power of the sequel working on my mind .
The crap of 2 and 3 has fogged the awesomeness of The Matrix .
— Marty Cortinas
Yeah , yeah , it ’s still a great movie .
— Evan Hansen
The Iron Giant ( 1999 )
Love that movie , always makes me cry .
— Louise Knapp
Based on Ted Hughes ’ 1968 novel , The Iron Man : A Children ’s Story in Five Nights .
A brilliant , accessible and balanced portrayal of innocence , violence and paranoia , The Iron Giant flopped two years before 9/11 , and its level - headed analysis of weaponry and peace was swept away in the debris .
But its stature has only grown in the decade since , and it remains a shining example of that lost art : A film for all ages .
It ’s a hilarious Cold War cultural satire wrapped up in a movie about a boy and his misunderstood robot that wants to be Superman .
It ’s timeless .
— Scott Thill
Children of Men ( 2006 )
This is one scary future , because it ’s so near and so plausible .
I ’ve got to see it again just to read all the posters and other media in the backgrounds .
— Randy Alfred
Key West local resident 's comments on the island 's life , politics , play , and people .
WILLIAMSPORT - Former Penn State running back Austin Scott , who was thrown off the team following his 2007 arrest for rape , has filed a federal civil rights suit claiming there was no basis for the charges .
Scott , who lives in East Stroudsburg , claims in the suit filed Wednesday in U.S. Middle District Court in Williamsport that he was projected to be a third - or fourth - round pick in the NFL draft until coach Joe Paterno dismissed him from the team .
He is seeking more than $ 150,000 in damages on claims that include malicious prosecution , false imprisonment , civil conspiracy , false arrest , failure to intervene and unlawful seizure .
The charges against Scott were withdrawn when the victim , identified in the court complaint as Desiree Minder of Pottsville , chose not to proceed after the state Superior Court ruled evidence about an earlier rape allegation could be used at trial .
Defendants , besides Minder , are Penn State , Centre County , District Attorney Michael Madiera , former assistant District Attorney Lance Marshall and Penn State Officers Matthew Cover , Ryan Rodgers and Dustin Miller .
Also named are Penn State Detectives Stephanie L. Brooks and Christine D. Vile , Chief Stephen Shelow and Assistant Chief Thomas Sowerby and 10 John or Jane Does who are either unnamed Penn State police officers or members of the district attorney 's staff .
According to the court complaint , Scott and Minder agreed to meet the night of Oct. 4 , 2007 , at a State College bar .
They left about 2 a.m. and went to Scott 's apartment , where he claims they had consensual sex .
Scott contends he offered to call a taxi to take Minder home , she declined , kissed him and left .
At 4:17 a.m. , she called the Penn State police department to report she had been raped .
The complaint states her version of the incident was similar to an alleged rape she had reported in Northampton County where the accused was acquitted .
A phone call the following morning that Minder allowed to be intercepted by police showed no rape had occurred , Scott claims .
Also , she did not suffer any bruising and her clothing was not damaged .
During numerous interviews , she is alleged to have admitted she never said the words stop , do n't or no , that she did n't scream and she did n't struggle or try to leave Scott 's apartment , the complaint states .
The affidavit that led to charges of rape and sexual , indecent and simple assault omitted various facts , including the prior false rape allegations by Minder , Scott claims .
Scott alleges Marshall was motivated to pursue unfounded charges to curry favor with Minder .
Marshall later resigned after being accused of making inappropriate sexual advances toward women .
Madiera had no comment on Scott 's allegations because he said he has not seen the complaint .
Recently by Gary North : Refuting Keynes , Line - by - Line
“ Bad money drives out good money . ”
This aphorism has been known as Gresham ’s Law for almost 500 years .
Sir Thomas Gresham never said it exactly like this .
The statement is wrong in its familiar form .
Bad money does not drive out good money in a free market .
The free market rewards producers of customer - satisfying products and services .
Good money drives out bad money on a free market .
The definition of bad money is money that the free market refuses to use .
Gresham ’s law , as stated , is incorrect .
The opposite is true .
A correct version of Gresham ’s Law is this :
“ In an economy with a government - legislated fixed price between two currency units , the artificially overvalued currency drives out of circulation the artificially undervalued currency . ”
This does not have quite the same ring to it as the more familiar version .
ONE MORE ROTTEN PRICE CONTROL
Gresham ’s Law is simply an application of the economic analysis of price controls to monetary units .
There is nothing complicated about it .
From the early days of the republic , the United States government legislated a price control between gold and silver .
At the time the law was first passed , gold was worth 15 times as much as silver was .
The ratio of 15 to 1 became law .
In 1848 , there was a huge gold discovery in California .
For discussion ’s sake , let us say that the price of gold in silver on the free market subsequently fell to 10 to 1 .
But the government ’s law still holds .
Banks are required to pay 15 ounces of silver to anyone who brings in an ounce of gold and asks for silver .
Let us say that you were there .
You get a bright idea .
You go to the bank with two ounces of gold .
You demand 30 ounces of silver .
Then you take your 30 ounces of silver and buy three ounces of gold .
Where ?
Across the border in Canada or Mexico .
( OK , it was a long ride on horseback .
Maybe there were banking trading ships just off San Francisco . )
You then take your three ounces of gold to the bank and demand 45 ounces of silver .
You repeat the procedure until the bank has no more silver to sell at the price of 15 to one .
Of course , you would do this with ten times as much gold .
Your competitors , currency speculators , would buy a thousand times as much gold .
We call this “ economies of scale . ”
Sorry , Charlie .
The artificially overvalued currency ( gold ) remains in circulation .
“ One ounce of gold is worth 15 ounces of silver .
The government says so . ”
The artificially undervalued currency ( silver ) disappears .
“ One ounce of gold is worth 10 ounces of silver .
The free market says so . ”
So , people start buying 15 ounces of silver with an ounce of gold in the government - rigged market in order to buy an ounce and a half of gold with silver in the free market .
Meanwhile , anyone in the know who receives a silver coin in exchange sets aside the coin .
Silver coins go out of circulation .
Mexico and Canada wind up with America ’s silver coins .
The U.S.A. winds up with gold coins .
Trade between Canada and the U.S.A. then falls .
So does trade with Mexico .
The foreigners do n’t want to accept gold from Americans at the fixed rate of 15 to one , since it is worth only 10 to one .
Signs go up : “ For sale to Americans : for silver only . ”
But Americans cannot get their hands on much silver ; it has already been transferred to Canada and Mexico , or it is in coin hoards in Americans ’ homes .
So , Americans cannot buy goods from Canada and Mexico .
Throughout American history , right up until gold was declared illegal in 1933 , either gold coins or silver coins were driven out of circulation at any government - mandated price .
The 15 - to - one price was used for decades .
This system was called bimetallism .
It did not work .
It was monometallism operationally .
This is another case of the economics of price controls .
The process is not limited to money .
If the government says it is illegal to sell gasoline above $ 4.00 a gallon in order to avoid a fine for price gouging in a time of crisis , and the free market price is $ 5.00 a gallon , expect to spend lots of time in gas lines .
This happened in Nashville and Atlanta in September of 2008 .
People could not buy gasoline .
The pumps were dry .
When a gasoline truck drove into town , it was soon followed by a line of cars , rather like a mother duck and her ducklings .
Drivers did not know where the truck was heading .
They followed it , so they could line up as soon as it unloaded its cargo .
FLOATING EXCHANGE RATES
Let us assume that Congress passes a new law .
The exchange rate between gold and silver is no longer fixed by the government .
People can buy and sell gold for whatever price they can get .
Nobody is sure what the gold / silver ratio will be after the law is passed .
But speculators expect gold ’s price to fall toward ten ounces of silver — the free market ’s price .
As soon as speculators think that this new law will pass , they start selling gold — “ Get rid of it ; it ’s overvalued ” — and start buying silver .
They know that gold will not be artificially overvalued much longer .
Better to start buying silver in Canada and Mexico and hold it across the border until the law passes .
It will not take long for the new ratio to be established .
At that time , gold and silver coins will circulate side by side in the United States .
The government does not set a price .
There is neither overvaluation by law — fiat valuation — nor undervaluation .
Supply and demand jointly establish the exchange rate , moment by moment .
No problem .
No glut of gold coins .
No shortage of silver coins .
If both gold and silver coins are called dollars , these dollars will buy varying quantities of goods and services , moment to moment .
A gold dollar is not worth what a silver dollar is .
Back in the 1960s and 1970s , there was a debate between those who advocated fixed exchange rates for the currency market — the Bretton Woods system — and those who advocated floating exchange rates .
Milton Friedman was the best - known advocate of floating rates , meaning market - established rates .
Friedman always had the advantage conceptually .
He stood for free - market pricing .
The fixed - rate people were in favor of price controls .
They never used that language , however .
Had they been forthright in this regard , they would have lost the debate much earlier in free - market circles .
The debate ended after December 1973 .
That was a year and a half after Nixon took the country off the international gold - exchange standard , i.e. , the Bretton Woods agreement .
From late 1973 on , the dollar has floated .
Defenders of the old fixed - rate system are few and far between .
The fixed - rate system was a Keynesian - like imitation of the international gold standard .
It began in 1922 .
Prior to World War I , when a nation ’s currency was defined as a specific quantity and fineness of gold , and when the central bank or treasury redeemed gold on demand , there were fixed exchange rates between gold - backed currencies .
The free market adjusted the rates .
Because the exchange was in fact gold for gold , ounce for ounce , the currency exchange rates remained fixed .
These rates were definitional .
They were rates of exchange between quantities of gold .
It is 1875 .
A British citizen walks into an American store in New York City .
He sees something for sale for an ounce of gold .
He hands the store owner four British gold sovereigns .
He walks out with the item .
Some critic might exclaim : “ But the sovereigns have a dead king ’s face on it .
This face is not like the goddess of liberty , whose face is on a $ 20 gold piece . ”
“ His money ’s good in this store , ” declares the owner .
The money was good because it was gold .
The pictures on the coins were irrelevant to the store owner .
He did not honor any British king .
He also did not worship a goddess .
He just wanted the gold .
Dollars .
Pounds .
Who cares ?
He wanted the gold .
The modern gold - exchange standard ( 1922 — 1971 ) was a statist imitation of the gold coin standard .
The rates of currency exchange were set by governments and their agencies .
The currencies were no longer redeemable in gold after World War I broke out in 1914 .
The Bretton Woods system of 1944 extended this system .
The results were predictable : foreign currency shortages , then announced devaluations by governments , which in turn forced operational revaluations of the other currencies in relation to the devalued currency .
Price controls do not produce markets that balance supply and demand .
Price controls are a government ’s assault on free - market pricing .
They create gluts ( overvalued item ) and shortages ( undervalued item ) .
This does not change merely because the items are called national currency units .
The problem with floating exchange rates is not floating exchange rates .
It is the lack of any fixed exchange rate between a nation ’s currency and gold .
The modern floating exchange rate system is comparable to floating exchanges between the currency units of two rival gangs of counterfeiters .
By “ comparable ” I mean “ identical . ”
There are still a few defenders of fixed exchange rates who decry floating exchanges between currencies because the system leads to monetary inflation .
The problem is not the floating exchange rate system .
The problem is the counterfeiting .
Milton Friedman was not wrong for his defense of floating exchange rates and a system of free market currency speculation .
He was wrong because he was a defender of government counterfeiting .
He attacked the gold coin standard .
So do his followers .
He thought that a hypothetical system of automatic , fixed - rate monetary expansion was preferable to a gold standard .
But there is only one way to get the central bank counterfeiters to pick a monetary expansion figure and stick to it .
That way is called the full gold coin standard .
GOLD , PAPER , AND THE GUN
There were two gold standards : the gold coin standard and the gold exchange standard .
To understand the two gold standard systems , think of paper money , gold coins , and a gun .
The government holds the gun .
In a gold coin standard , a bank issues paper money : banknotes .
A banknote is a legal IOU .
Each piece of paper promises to deliver an ounce of gold upon presentation of the paper .
Think of the paper as pre-1933 .
The paper says $ 20 .
It promises one ounce of gold .
The government holds the gun .
It is pointed at the banker .
“ Fail to deliver an ounce of gold for each $ 20 warehouse receipt , and you go to jail . ”
This analysis also applies to checking deposits .
But it is easier to imagine when we talk about bank notes .
They are IOUs .
In a free banking system , the government does not check to see if a bank has enough gold to meet all demands .
In a 100 % reserve system , it would .
In a free banking system , rival banks and a bank ’s depositors serve as the executioners .
Ludwig von Mises favored free banking .
Murray Rothbard favored 100 % reserves .
Step two : the issuing bank is the central bank .
Does the government hold a gun on the central bankers ?
In theory , yes .
In practice , it depends on how dependant the government is on loans from the central bank .
After World War I broke out , every European government except the Swiss holstered its gun .
The commercial banks were allowed not to redeem gold on demand .
Then , within weeks , there was a new rule .
The central banks demanded the gold held by commercial banks .
Each government unholstered its gun .
“ Fork over the gold , ” they said .
In the gold exchange standard , central banks and governments held British and American debt certificates instead of gold .
The British and the American governments promised to redeem their debts in gold on demand .
The British went back on the gold standard in 1925 , but at the pre-War rate of exchange .
It had to shrink the money supply .
This reversed the boom .
Then they inflated .
Gold began flowing out to the United States .
The head of the Bank of England persuaded the head of the New York Federal Reserve Bank , Benjamin Strong , to inflate the dollar , in order to take pressure off the Bank of England ’s gold outflow .
The NY FED did as Strong asked .
This inflation was the origin of the U.S. stock market bubble .
The FED reversed course in 1929 , the year after Strong ’s death .
That caused the crash .
In 1931 , Great Britain went off the domestic gold coin standard .
It continued to redeem gold for other central banks .
The U.S.A. followed this lead in 1933 .
Busby Berkeley unknowingly launched a fond farewell to the gold coin standard in “ Gold Diggers of 1933 . ”
That was the first and last time any movie chorus line was decked out in Liberty head $ 20 gold pieces .
Ginger Rogers sang “ We ’re in the money ! ” ( http://tinyurl.com/ylekr7e)
That same year , Roosevelt pointed the gun at every American and every resident in the United States .
“ Turn in your gold . ”
The next year , the government hiked the dollar - gold exchange rate of gold to $ 35 per ounce .
It let the Federal Reserve System issue currency against this gold .
In 1971 , Nixon took the nation off the gold - exchange standard .
Not a shot was fired .
Conclusion : civil government points its gun at private citizens .
It does not point it at itself .
Cleavon Little ’s scene as the sheriff in “ Blazing Saddles , ” where he points his gun at his own head , threatening violence , was good for laughs .
It was not good political theory .
CONCLUSION
Gresham ’s Law , properly understood , is a real phenomenon .
When a government threatens violence against currency traders for daring to make an exchange at a rate not mandated by the government , there will be a glut of the overpriced currency and a shortage of the underpriced currency in that jurisdiction .
The result will be decreased trade across borders .
There will be shortages of goods on both sides of the border .
Most people ’s wealth will decline as a direct result of reduced trade .
Gresham ’s Law for centuries was observed in action , but it was not analyzed in terms of the economics of price controls .
This was true in the pre-Nixon era .
The discussion of fixed exchange rates by those favoring fixed rates was never discussed in terms of the controls ’ legal status as price controls , any more than a tariff is ever discussed by its proponents as a sales tax on imported goods and , necessarily , as an export restriction .
The problem with people ’s incomplete understanding of Gresham ’s law is that they treat money as arising from government rather than from the free market .
They imagine that there is a failure of the free market : “ Bad money drives out good money . ”
There is no failure of the free market .
There is a failure of a government - imposed price control .
People see government as sovereign over money .
It is not .
Here is why bad money drives out good money : a bad law forces people into capital - defense mode .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
Usama Rehda is a photographer who lives in Baghdad .
Crossing his city to ply his trade means running a gantlet of bandits , extortionists , and snipers , not to mention suicide bombers .
While he once despised Saddam Hussein , he admits that life was easier under the dictator .
" You know what they say , " he remarked to a colleague bitterly .
" Be nice to the Americans or they 'll punish you with democracy . "
America needs to rid itself of the hopelessly naive attitude that all nations are capable of becoming sustainable democracies .
" What 's so good about having the vote ? " veteran BBC foreign correspondent Humphrey Hawksley asks in his new book , " Democracy Kills . "
In Britain , Japan , and the United States , the answer is easy .
In the developing world , however , identifying the benefits of democracy can be anything but .
In the Ivory Coast , for instance , democracy and its sidekick – free market economics – have brought political instability and economic ruin .
Cocoa producers are paid the same for a kilo of beans as 30 years ago , even though the price of a chocolate bar has risen fourfold .
Adults have the vote , but their children are essentially slaves .
Mr. Hawksley 's book is a chronicle of how economic despair leads to political alienation and often violence .
There 's nothing new to that story , but what is surprising – uncomfortably so – is this :
Evidence shows that attempts to democratize the developed world have made internal tensions much worse .
Often , as in Iraq , voting actually offers a new forum for acting out ancient animosities .
During the cold war , the US supported brutal dictators overseas in the interest of political stability .
In contrast , since 1989 , Americans have tried to stabilize developing nations by creating governments similar to their own .
Ballots have become a substitute for aid , a policy the foreign correspondent Misha Glenny calls " kumbaya politics . "
The theory seems noble , but the practice often facilitates poverty , disease , exploitation , and murder .
When democracy mixes with poverty the result is often explosive – literally .
The Oxford academic Paul Collier proposed in " Wars , Guns and Votes " a formula to explain this volatile chemistry .
He believes that the critical point lies at a per capita income of $ 2,700 per year .
Below that level , democracy has a difficult time taking root .
The destitute blame the government for their plight and , since voting alone does not bring improvement , they inevitably see violence as a better way to make a point .
In contrast , in societies above that level , citizens have a stake in the system and are therefore much more determined that it should succeed .
The voter with a stable job and a secure place to live is a signatory to the social contract understood by Jean Jacques Rousseau , whose political philosophy underlay the French Revolution .
The possibility that " democracy kills " should not come as a surprise to anyone who has paid attention to events in Iraq , Afghanistan , or Zimbabwe .
It should , nevertheless , be stressed that the fault lies not with the idea but with its implementation .
Democracy , unlike cake and coffee , does not come in " instant . "
Success should not be measured by the speed with which elections are arranged .
A lesson lies in the experience of Germany and Japan after World War II .
The US began planning reconstruction well before the war was over , and accepted that political reform would have to be accompanied by comprehensive economic development .
Yet if that sort of slow mentoring and management ( not to mention money ) seemed essential back then , why has a much more impatient , poorly planned approach been taken to the infinitely more complex problems of Africa and the Middle East ?
Anastasio Somoza , the brutal Nicaraguan dictator deposed in 1979 , once told a reporter : " I would like nothing better than to give Nicaraguans the same kind of freedom as that of the United States .
But it is like what you do with a baby .
First you give it milk by drops , then more and more , then a little piece of pig , and finally it can eat everything ...
You have to teach them to use freedom . "
Somoza was a vile character , worthy of derision .
Yet on that point he was probably right .
Democracy is a culture ; it has to be learned .
Europeans , remember , took centuries to get it right .
We need to rid ourselves of the politically correct attitude that all people are capable of immediately becoming good democrats , or at least should be allowed to make their own mistakes .
As the experience in Germany and Japan demonstrated , building democracy cannot be rushed .
It must be accompanied by sustained economic development .
And , most of all , it can not be achieved at the point of a gun .
To be sure , helping facilitate a new democracy is tricky business .
Development , or teaching people democracy , can look suspiciously like neo-colonialism .
There 's a fine line between husbandry and hegemony – those at the sharp end cannot always tell the difference .
What is clear , however , is that ballots by themselves are not a panacea .
Unless the job is done well , it should not be done at all .
Gerard DeGroot teaches 20th century British and American history , and has published 11 books on its various aspects .
He is currently writing an international history of the 1970s .
Appetizer Recipes and Dip Recipes
Return to Home Page
All the above Appetizer Recipes are contained in " Book 4 " available for the Amazon Kindle reading device .
http://www.amazon.com/dp/B004GXAZBQ
DISCLAIMER
The contents of this site is offered as educational guidance .
I do not ( a ) make any warranty or representation , expressed or implied , with respect to the accuracy , completeness , or usefulness of the information contained in the recipes ; ( b ) assume any liabilities with information , apparatus , methods or processes disclosed in the recipes .
Mention of trade names or commercial products does not constitute endorsement or recommendations for use .
This educational site has been compiled to make it easily accessible for the Visually Impaired , use with Braille Readers , and Talking Web Browsers .
Copyright © 1991 - 2020 Merlin Bodin , Delta Eagle , LLC .
All Rights Reserved .
www.cajun-recipes.com
Gathered from the Heart of Cajun Country around New Iberia , Louisiana
.
( CNN ) -- A 22 - year - old woman whose claims that she was abused in a trailer in rural West Virginia in 2007 helped send six people to prison now says she made up the story , her lawyer said Wednesday .
Attorney Byron Potts says his client is not being pressured to recant her story .
" She is recanting her entire story , " attorney Byron Potts told reporters in Columbus , Ohio , about his client , Megan Williams , who moved there after the incident .
" She says it did not happen .
She fabricated it . "
He added , " She wanted to get back at her boyfriend .
She was mad at him . "
In 2007 , police acting on a tip found the black woman in a trailer with cuts and bruises .
She said she had been stabbed in the leg and beaten , sexually assaulted , forced to eat feces and subjected to a racial slur by her white captors .
The suspects included a mother and son , a separate mother and daughter , and two men .
All are still jailed , according to the prosecutor who handled the case .
The incident , which drew extensive media coverage , stirred outrage around the country .
Civil rights activist the Rev. Al Sharpton called for the incident to be investigated as a hate crime .
Last year , all six defendants pleaded guilty and were given terms of up to 40 years in prison .
Potts said his client was coming forward " to right the wrong perpetrated on these six individuals . "
He added that she told him all her injuries except for the bruises on her face were self - inflicted .
The bruises , he said , were from an altercation she had had with her then - boyfriend before the incident in question .
Potts described Williams ' feelings as " total remorse ; that 's why she 's coming forward .
She is remorseful for having these people spend time in jail . "
Asked if she was being pressured to recant , he said , " No , she 's not being pressured into this . "
Williams had been expected to speak herself , but Potts said she would not appear before the news media because she was afraid for her safety .
He said she was " fully aware " that she might face criminal charges , " but she still wanted to go forward with this . "
Brian Abraham , the former Logan County prosecutor who handled the case , defended the convictions .
" The case was n't based on her statements , " he said , noting that Williams never testified in the case .
" The case was based on the evidence discovered by the police , including the confessions of the six defendants . "
He added , " All six of them have been in jail without filing appeals .
If they file something afterwards , the evidence was pretty overwhelming for the charges on which they were convicted . "
The current county prosecutor , John Bennett , said he could not comment on whether the case would be reopened .
He said he represented one of the suspects in 2007 and so would let a judge decide how to handle the potential conflict of interest .
Sharpton said , " If they are being held under false information and she misled authorities , and if the authorities went solely on her testimony , then they should be released . "
But he added , " If there are other circumstances around the recanting , we should know what they are . "
All About Sexual Offenses • West Virginia
Scientists have found the world 's largest species of golden orb - weaver spider in the tropics of Africa and Madagascar .
The discovery marks the first identification of a new Nephila spider since 1879 .
Females of the new species , Nephila komaci , measure a whopping 4 to 5 inches in diameter , while the male spiders stay petite at less than a quarter of their mate 's size .
So far , only a handful of these enormous arachnids have been found in the world .
" We fear the species might be endangered , as its only definite habitat is a sand forest in Tembe Elephant Park in KwaZulu - Natal , " ecologist Jonathan Coddington of the Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History said in a press release .
" Our data suggest that the species is not abundant , its range is restricted , and all known localities lie within two endangered biodiversity hotspots : Maputaland and Madagascar . "
The first potential specimen of the new species was uncovered by Coddington and his colleague Matjaz Kuntner of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts in 2000 .
They found a huge female orb - weaver among a museum collection of spiders in Pretoria , South Africa , and she did n't match the description of any known spider .
Although they hoped the unusual - looking giant represented a new species , several dedicated expeditions to South Africa failed to find any live spiders of a similar description .
Then , in 2003 , a second specimen from Madagascar was found at a museum in Austria , suggesting that the first spider had n't been a fluke .
But despite a comprehensive search through more than 2,500 samples from 37 museums , no additional specimens turned up , and the researchers assumed the biggest of all orb - weavers was probably extinct .
Finally , three live spiders have been found to prove the scientists wrong : A South African researcher found two giant females and one male in Tembe Elephant Park , proving that the new species was not extinct , just incredibly rare .
" Only three have been found in the past decade , " Kuntner wrote in an e-mail to Wired.com .
" None by our team , despite focused searches .
Only an additional two exist in old museum collections .
Compared to thousands of exemplars of other Nephila species in museums , that is disproportionately rare . "
The two biologists named the new species after Andrej Komac , a scientist friend of Kuntner 's who died in an accident near the time of the discoveries .
Like all Nephila spiders , females of the new species spin huge webs of golden silk , often more than 3 feet in diameter .
In the report of the discovery of this rare spider , published Tuesday in PLoS One , the researchers also addressed the evolution of the dramatic size difference between male and female orb - weavers .
By mapping out the evolutionary tree of all known orb - weaver species , the scientists discovered that as the spiders evolved , females got bigger and bigger , while males stayed roughly the same size .
" It is good for females to be big , because they can lay so many more eggs , " Coddington wrote in an e-mail .
In addition , large size probably helps females avoid being eaten by predators .
" Relatively few groups can safely pluck an orb - weaving spider from its web , " he wrote , " because you have to be able to hover to do so ( hummingbirds , wasps , damselflies come to mind ) .
None of these are large enough to tackle an adult Nephila , or even a large juvenile . "
Males , on the other hand , are better off staying small and reaching sexual maturity at a young age .
Going out searching for a mate is one of the most dangerous activities they undertake .
" So males risk everything to find , probably , just one , huge female , inseminate her , and probably do not willingly leave her web to search for another , " Coddington wrote .
" Nothing about sex says males must be big . "
Image 1 : Tiny male Nephila spiders are dwarfed by their female counterparts .
Matjaz Kuntner and Jonathan Coddington / PLoS ONE .
Image 2 : A giant golden orb - web exceeding 1 meter in diameter , spun by a Nephila inaurata spider .
M Kuntner .
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
The Missing Level of Abstraction ?
Levels of abstractions I feel fairly confident in stating that everyone who is familiar with the details of computing will have encountered the phrases high level of abstraction and low level of abstraction - probably rather often .
Abstraction is one of those words which is used rather more frequently than it is considered .
In short , an X that is an abstraction of Y implies three things in our context :
That X is at a higher level of abstraction than Y ( alternatively one could say that X is more abstract than Y ) .
That X does not introduce anything fundamentally new over Y ; indeed , it may well remove fundamental things , or present them in an easier fashion .
Assuming that one does not need any of the fundamental things in Y that may have been lost in the abstraction X , then X is in some sense easier to use than Y .
Abstractions abound in computing , as they do in life in general .
To take a simple example , the first computers were programmed in machine code ( zeros and ones ) ; the second generation , in assembly code which easily translated into zeros and ones , but provided an easier syntax for humans ; the third generation and beyond , in languages such as C whose translation into machine code became increasingly complex .
Though they are often nebulous and , indeed , often rather hard to spot and understand , abstractions are what make modern computing possible ; life without them would be like trying to walk from Lands End to John o' Groats with ones eyes pointed downwards and half an inch above the ground .
Abstractions are typically relative things .
From the statements X is at a higher level of abstraction than Y and Y is at a higher level of abstraction than Z we can deduce that X is at a higher level of abstraction than Z , but we can not say that Z is the lowest level of abstraction of all - it may well be at a higher level of abstraction than some other thing of which we are currently unaware .
Regrettably , my professional life has taught me that the notion of relative levels of abstraction is not universally shared , probably because it is harder to understand than the notion of absolute levels of abstraction .
This fallacy is commonplace ; I first encountered it in the MDA world where the terms PIM ( Platform Independent Model ) and PSM ( Platform Specific Model ) are widely , and incorrectly , abused to imply absolute levels of abstraction .
Similarly one often hears talk of high - level versus low - level languages as if they were absolutes when they clearly are not .
Provided one bears in mind that these notions are always relative and that omitting the relative qualification is a simple brevity aid , then many things make a good deal more sense .
Objective - C I have recently been doing some programming in Objective - C for reasons that most people can probably easily guess .
Learning a new language is rarely a wasted opportunity , and this has certainly been an interesting experience .
As I have noted before , I have a definite soft spot for C as a language .
If it was n't for its brain - dead approach to arrays ( which do n't know their size , and therefore can't automatically resize themselves , bloating code and causing untold bugs ) and , to a lesser extent , the baroque system of standard types that has accreted during decades of porting to different platforms ( and consequent misunderstandings ) , I would not have a bad word to say about it .
This praise is of course conditional on the fact that C has a particular niche : it is commonly called a low - level language , because it is little more than a slim layer above assembly code .
Objective - C , alas , I find a more difficult language to like .
In small part this is because it generally implies ( and did in my case ) working under OS X , an operating system beloved of those who do not truly love computers - its idiot - proof lack of customisation and innumerable small bugs came close to breaking me .
Objective - C grafts higher - level Smalltalk - like features onto a lower - level C base .
The resulting language is not only more verbose than either of its parents - I particularly enjoyed needing to type class attributes into three different places - but distorts many of their defining features .
For example , Smalltalk 's collection hierarchy ( i.e. lists , sets etc. ) is a thing of genuine beauty and utility , allowing a syntactically minimalist language to succinctly express complex constraints ; since Objective - C does n't allow blocks ( small anonymous functions ) , not to mention that its collection hierarchy is not as well designed , this is impossible .
Another aspect is that C is a statically ( if weakly ) typed language , catching errors at compile - time that would otherwise cause hard to debug segfaults ; however Objective - C's message sending is , like Smalltalk , dynamically typed .
In Smalltalk this is not an issue - type errors are simply triggered , lead to predictable backtraces , and are easily fixed .
While some dynamic typing errors in Objective - C lead to similar backtraces , others fall foul of C's free - wheeling approach to memory management and cause horrible run-time results , leading to little more than a splat sound ; debugging those is a chore .
Memory management
One of C's many lower - level delights is its approach to memory management : put simply , the user is responsible for all memory allocation and deallocation .
The virtue of C's approach is that it 's simple to understand ( for users ) and implement ( for compiler and library writers ) .
The disadvantage is that it 's easy to use incorrectly ; in particular , it 's very easy to forget to free memory , causing hard to debug memory leaks .
A less common , but more dangerous , error is to try and free an already freed chunk of memory ( the so - called double free ) .
It is thus reasonable to say that C's memory management is low - level .
In contrast , high - level memory management has , in my mind , been largely synonymous with garbage collection , which automatically frees memory ( and implicitly prevents double frees ) .
Garbage collection is not without some negative implications - for example , it is notoriously difficult to work out when garbage collection pauses will strike - but overall is generally a good thing .
Indeed , garbage collection is now largely ubiquitous outside of systems and embedded programming ; anyone weened on Java ( or even much older languages such as Lisp and Smalltalk ) will know nothing else .
As I understand things , modern Objective - C under OS X uses garbage collection .
On some other platforms , such as the one I was targeting , there is no garbage collection .
I initially assumed that in such cases Objective - C would revert to a standard C - style system of malloc and free - to my surprise , it does not .
Instead , Objective - C uses an unusual system of sometimes - implicit , sometimes - explicit memory management .
For someone used to traditional high - level garbage collection or low - level C - style memory management , it 's rather hard to get your head around : there do n't seem to be hard and fast rules ; some of the documentation is ambiguous about the users responsibilities ; and there is a good deal of obfuscating cruft which I assume has gathered over time .
However , the basic idea is as follows .
If a user explicitly allocates memory ( via an alloc message ) , he is responsible for freeing it .
If another function allocates memory , it will ( or , more accurately , should ) be put into a memory pool ; when the memory pool is freed , the objects in it are freed too .
New memory pools can be created , and they are kept in a stack so objects are put into the most recent memory pool .
Memory pools are an attempt to allow implicit memory allocation ( something which is , for good reason , deeply frowned on in traditional C libraries ) with implicit memory deallocation .
In practice , they resemble a poor - mans attempt at garbage collection or , perhaps , garbage collection as designed by someone who had n't fully grasped the idea .
For the life of me , I can not fully prevent memory leaks in a medium - sized Objective - C system ; ironically , I have found it much easier to debug memory leaks in pure C applications .
Different parts of code can retain and release objects , which I assumed was a synonym for reference counting , but in reality does n't always seem to quite work : what , according to the documentation , are valid combinations of calls can cause crashes or leaks .
Was this due to bugs in my code , someone else 's , or a flaw in the memory management design ?
Who knows - at some point , I got the leaks down to the level of a few bytes a minute and gave up .
The middle - level of abstraction A good question at this point is : what does all this have to do with abstractions ?
Well , the two examples above are instances of something that I 've seen once or twice before , but which is hardly common .
In normal computing conversation , C is at a low - level of abstraction , and Smalltalk is at a high - level .
As I wrote earlier , levels of abstraction are relative , but that does n't mean we can't talk about the gaps between two levels .
Objective - C , which is a child of these two languages , explicitly pitches itself as being the middle - level of abstraction between C and Smalltalk .
Similarly , its memory management is the middle - level of abstraction between malloc / free and garbage collection .
The interesting thing to me is not that Objective - C is the middle - level of abstraction between C and Smalltalk as such - after all , given two points on the abstraction scale , there 's a high chance that there are other levels in - between - but that it appears to me to have been deliberately designed to slot into this place .
This made me wonder about two things .
First , why are there not more systems designed to slot between two existing levels of abstractions ?
Second , why have I never heard the term middle - level of abstraction before ?
A couple of answers immediately suggested themselves to me ; no doubt others can think of better ones .
Perhaps systems designed to slot between two existing levels are more likely than not ( as Objective - C ) to be worse than the things either side of it ?
Alternatively , perhaps under normal circumstances we only need to think of one higher level of abstraction thing and one lower - level thing in order to work satisfactorily , and what comes in the middle is generally irrelevant ?
Whatever the reason may be , I suspect we 're unlikely to ever hear many uses of the term middle - level of abstraction - it may remain forever the missing level of abstraction .
Follow me on Twitter
On this Labor Day , inquiring minds are reading Gallup Economic Monthly : Job Creation Not Happening .
Gallup Daily economic data aggregated on a monthly basis show that job creation in August is just not taking place in the U.S. economy .
While Gallup data for the month also show a slight moderation in job loss , this is not sufficient to take up the slack for a 35 % decline in the rate of job creation compared to a year ago .
And , while confidence in the future direction of the U.S. economy is at its highest level in 20 months , Gallup data also show a continued delinking of consumer spending -- which is down 33 % from a year ago .
What Happened ?
Job Creation was unchanged in August , with 24 % of employees saying their companies were hiring , as was the case in July -- and once again within the 23 % - 24 % range that has held throughout 2009 .
However , the gap between job creation and job loss did close slightly , as 25 % of Americans said their companies were letting people go -- a slight improvement from the 26 % of the previous three months .
While Gallup data show fewer employees being laid off this summer than earlier in the year , the percentage of Americans reporting that their companies are hiring is down 35 % from the same month a year ago .
Consumer Confidence hit a new high for the year in August and its highest level since Gallup Daily tracking began in January 2008 , as the percentage of Americans saying the economy is " getting better " reached 39 % for the month .
Confidence is up from 33 % during July and 16 % a year ago .
Still , even as confidence increases , 45 % of consumers rate current economic conditions as " poor " -- not much different from the 43 % of a year ago .
Consumers continue to believe the economy is improving , but -- at least to this point -- they do n't seem to see the improvement in their daily lives .
Consumer Spending improved slightly in August , as self - reported average daily spending in stores , restaurants , gas stations , and online increased by $ 3 per day .
Still , spending over the first eight months of 2009 remains in a tight $ 6 range of $ 59 to $ 65 , with August spending down 33 % from the $ 97 daily average of a year ago .
This lack of spending improvement even as confidence has improved dramatically since the beginning of the year seems to reflect a " new normal " in consumer spending .
It may be that the current inventory - and " clunker " - driven economic upturn will be a " jobless " recovery .
It is possible that government and business spending alone can drive economic improvement for a short period of time .
However , without significant job creation , it is hard to see how consumer spending will increase ; how many retailers will survive after the Christmas holidays ; and how the economic recovery will be maintained into early 2010 .
Frugality The New Normal
Most Americans have consistently viewed themselves as financially cautious this summer , with about 9 out of 10 since early June saying they are watching their spending closely , and 7 in 10 saying they are cutting back on how much they spend each week .
There has been little variation in these reported behaviors .
Solid majorities of Americans across all income categories report that they are watching their spending closely and are cutting back .
Eight in 10 of those making $ 90,000 or more a year say they are watching their spending , and nearly two in three say they are cutting back on their spending -- nearly as high as the percentage of middle - and lower - income Americans doing the same .
Ever had a sneaking suspicion that your broadband download speeds never quite measured up to the " up to " speeds trumpeted by your ISP — and that everyone around you was probably in the same boat ?
If so , you now have some solid empirical evidence that this is indeed the case .
UK telecoms regulator Ofcom today released the results of a lengthy study that compared advertised download speeds with the actual speeds received by home users , and the results are shocking — average speeds are only half what is advertised .
Geeks have always understood that the top line speeds promoted by ISPs are rarely going to be seen by a home user , and ISPs are careful to include " up to " language in their advertisements , knowing that actual speeds will be affected by everything from a home 's distance from the local exchange , network congestion , Internet congestion , server problems a particular websites , and even issues with old home wiring .
Still , they do n't typically reveal that people who subscribe to 8 M bps plans have average download speeds of only 4.8 Mbps .
That 's what Ofcom found when it compared offerings from the UK 's eight largest DSL providers .
Overall , the average is only 4.1 Mbps , and speeds dropped even further in the evening , when home users all go online .
Between the hours of 8 PM and 10 PM , average download speeds fell to 3.7 Mbps .
When it comes to upload speeds , the situation is just as dire .
Average UK upload speeds were a mere 0.43 Mbps , not exceeding 0.7 M bps even on 16 M bps plans .
Virgin Media 's cable service , which is available to about half the UK , provided better performance than DSL .
Its 10 Mbps package offered average download speeds that were more than twice as fast as those provided by DSL .
This is n't an academic exercise , one performed for the sheer pleasure of finding things out but having no relevance to the actual concerns of non-geek Internet users .
Ofcom 's research found that people care about their Internet speeds ; speed turned out to be " the single biggest cause of dissatisfaction among those who were dissatisfied " with their service , and 26 percent of all Internet users said that the " speeds they received were not what they expected when they signed up for their broadband service . "
This user dissatisfaction is behind Ofcom 's push to make ISPs disclose the limitations on speed more effectively .
Most major ISPs in the country have signed on to Ofcom 's voluntary code of practice , which requires them to make clear to potential customers the reasons why advertised speeds may never be achieved at a particular home .
They must also estimate what the actual line speed at a particular address will be .
As for the survey itself , it appears to have been quite robust .
Hardware monitoring units were sent to 1610 homes , where each was connected directly to the home 's router .
Each monitoring unit conducted more than 7000 tests per month , but only did so when it detected no other network activity on the line .
Data was collected for the six months from November 2008 to the end of April 2009 , and it showed little variation by month .
Low speeds , it seem , know no season .
From Alexander Zaitchik 's three part ( 1 , 2 , and 3 ) mini-biography of Glenn Beck on Salon.com comes this nugget :
Beck was known at B104 as a pro's pro in the studio but was becoming increasingly unraveled when not working .
" Beck used to get hammered after every show at this little bar - café down the street , " remembers a music programmer who worked with Beck .
" At first we thought he was going to get lunch . "
The extent to which Beck was struggling to keep it together is highlighted by Beck 's arrest one afternoon just outside Baltimore .
He was speeding in his DeLorean with one of the car 's gull - wing doors wide open when the cops pulled him over .
According to a former colleague , Beck was " completely out of it " when a B104 manager went down to the station to bail him out .
In his 2003 book , " Real America , " Beck refers to himself as a borderline schizophrenic .
Whether that statement is matter - of - fact or intended for effect , he has spoken more than once about taking drugs for ADHD , and when he was at B104 , Beck 's coworkers believed him to be taking prescription medication for some kind of mental or psychological ills .
" He used to complain that his medication made him feel like he was ' under wet blankets , ' " remembers the former music programmer .
Today , when Beck wants to illustrate the jerk he used to be , he tells the story of the time he fired an employee for bringing him the wrong pen during a promotional event .
According to former colleagues in Baltimore , Beck did n't just fire people in fits of rage -- he fired them slowly and publicly .
" He used to take people to a bar and sit them down and just humiliate them in public .
He was a sadist , the kind of guy who rips wings off of flies , " remembers a colleague .
With her sad face and plastic tiara , Guissette Muniz looked like a 6 - year - old princess surveying a kingdom in ruins .
Empty lots , cracked sidewalks and dirty streets surrounded her .
A car , flattened like a beer can , sat across the street .
Not another soul was visible that Halloween Day in 1991 .
She was indeed scared  but not because of the landscape outside her grandmother ’s house .
“ My uncle was inside wearing a Chucky mask , ” she recalled this week .
“ The shoes , the mask , the whole outfit .
He was walking around with it , and I was really frightened . ”
Ángel Franco , a New York Times photographer , had encountered her on the way to a Halloween party in Bronx Park South .
The image , of innocence amid desolation , was haunting .
Ms. Muniz , now 24 and living a short walk from where she stood that day , cherishes the childhood memory .
“ It brings a lot of smiles to my face , ” she said .
“ I ca n’t believe one picture can make such a big impact .
I show it to my friends .
I hold it close to my heart . ”
What Thomas Jefferson learned from the Quran
By Ted Sampley
Even though I normally expect these sorts of articles to be posted by certain others on these boards , I have to admit , this one was interesting .
Keith Ellison maybe should have read up a little on his American history .
Hey guys that I 'm always arguing with , here 's a present for you .
Democrat Keith Ellison is now officially the first Muslim United States congressman .
True to his pledge , he placed his hand on the Quran , the Muslim book of jihad and pledged his allegiance to the United States during his ceremonial swearing - in.
Capitol Hill staff said Ellison 's swearing - in photo opportunity drew more media than they had ever seen in the history of the U.S. House .
Ellison represents the 5th Congressional District of Minnesota .
The Quran Ellison used was no ordinary book .
It once belonged to Thomas Jefferson , third president of the United States and one of America 's founding fathers .
Ellison borrowed it from the Rare Book Section of the Library of Congress .
It was one of the 6,500 Jefferson books archived in the library .
Ellison , who was born in Detroit and converted to Islam while in college , said he chose to use Jefferson 's Quran because it showed that " a visionary like Jefferson " believed that wisdom could be gleaned from many sources .
There is no doubt Ellison was right about Jefferson believing wisdom could be " gleaned " from the Muslim Quran .
At the time Jefferson owned the book , he needed to know everything possible about Muslims because he was about to advocate war against the Islamic " Barbary " states of Morocco , Algeria , Tunisia and Tripoli .
Ellison 's use of Jefferson 's Quran as a prop illuminates a subject once well - known in the history of the United States , but , which today , is mostly forgotten - the Muslim pirate slavers who over many centuries enslaved millions of Africans and tens of thousands of Christian Europeans and Americans in the Islamic " Barbary " states .
Over the course of 10 centuries , Muslim pirates cruised the African and Mediterranean coastline , pillaging villages and seizing slaves .
The taking of slaves in pre-dawn raids on unsuspecting coastal villages had a high casualty rate .
It was typical of Muslim raiders to kill off as many of the " non-Muslim " older men and women as possible so the preferred " booty " of only young women and children could be collected .
Young non-Muslim women were targeted because of their value as concubines in Islamic markets .
Islamic law provides for the sexual interests of Muslim men by allowing them to take as many as four wives at one time and to have as many concubines as their fortunes allow .
Boys , as young as 9 or 10 years old , were often mutilated to create eunuchs who would bring higher prices in the slave markets of the Middle East .
Muslim slave traders created " eunuch stations " along major African slave routes so the necessary surgery could be performed .
It was estimated that only a small number of the boys subjected to the mutilation survived after the surgery .
When American colonists rebelled against British rule in 1776 , American merchant ships lost Royal Navy protection .
With no American Navy for protection , American ships were attacked and their Christian crews enslaved by Muslim pirates operating under the control of the " Dey of Algiers " -- an Islamist warlord ruling Algeria .
Because American commerce in the Mediterranean was being destroyed by the pirates , the Continental Congress agreed in 1784 to negotiate treaties with the four Barbary States .
Congress appointed a special commission consisting of John Adams , Thomas Jefferson , and Benjamin Franklin , to oversee the negotiations .
Lacking the ability to protect its merchant ships in the Mediterranean , the new America government tried to appease the Muslim slavers by agreeing to pay tribute and ransoms in order to retrieve seized American ships and buy the freedom of enslaved sailors .
Adams argued in favor of paying tribute as the cheapest way to get American commerce in the Mediterranean moving again .
Jefferson was opposed .
He believed there would be no end to the demands for tribute and wanted matters settled " through the medium of war . "
He proposed a league of trading nations to force an end to Muslim piracy .
In 1786 , Jefferson , then the American ambassador to France , and Adams , then the American ambassador to Britain , met in London with Sidi Haji Abdul Rahman Adja , the " Dey of Algiers " ambassador to Britain .
The Americans wanted to negotiate a peace treaty based on Congress ' vote to appease .
During the meeting Jefferson and Adams asked the Dey 's ambassador why Muslims held so much hostility towards America , a nation with which they had no previous contacts .
In a later meeting with the American Congress , the two future presidents reported that Ambassador Sidi Haji Abdul Rahman Adja had answered that Islam " was founded on the Laws of their Prophet , that it was written in their Quran , that all nations who should not have acknowledged their authority were sinners , that it was their right and duty to make war upon them wherever they could be found , and to make slaves of all they could take as Prisoners , and that every Musselman ( Muslim ) who should be slain in Battle was sure to go to Paradise .
" For the following 15 years , the American government paid the Muslims millions of dollars for the safe passage of American ships or the return of American hostages .
The payments in ransom and tribute amounted to 20 percent of United States government annual revenues in 1800 .
Not long after Jefferson 's inauguration as president in 1801 , he dispatched a group of frigates to defend American interests in the Mediterranean , and informed Congress .
Declaring that America was going to spend " millions for defense but not one cent for tribute , " Jefferson pressed the issue by deploying American Marines and many of America 's best warships to the Muslim Barbary Coast .
The USS Constitution , USS Constellation , USS Philadelphia , USS Chesapeake , USS Argus , USS Syren and USS Intrepid all saw action .
In 1805 , American Marines marched across the desert from Egypt into Tripolitania , forcing the surrender of Tripoli and the freeing of all American slaves .
During the Jefferson administration , the Muslim Barbary States , crumbling as a result of intense American naval bombardment and on shore raids by Marines , finally officially agreed to abandon slavery and piracy .
Jefferson 's victory over the Muslims lives on today in the Marine Hymn , with the line , " From the halls of Montezuma , to the shores of Tripoli , We fight our country 's battles in the air , on land and sea .
"
It was n't until 1815 that the problem was fully settled by the total defeat of all the Muslim slave trading pirates .
Jefferson had been right .
The " medium of war " was the only way to put and end to the Muslim problem .
Mr. Ellison was right about Jefferson .
He was a " visionary " wise enough to read and learn about the enemy from their own Muslim book of jihad .
THE ROMAN Catholic diocese of Bridgeport , Conn. , is arguing that it cannot be sued for assigning priests with a history of sexual abuse because such placements are ecclesiastical decisions , and that documents dealing with the assignments are protected by religious privileges in the First Amendment ( “ Diocese appears to break pledge , ’’ Aug. 29 ) .
The provisions within our Constitution that ... ( Full article : 195 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Sharp Corporation has achieved the world 's highest solar cell conversion efficiency ( for non-concentrator solar cells ) of 35.8 % using a triple - junction compound solar cell .
Unlike silicon - based solar cells , the most common type of solar cell in use today , the compound solar cell utilizes photo - absorption layers made from compounds consisting of two or more elements such as indium and gallium .
Due to their high conversion efficiency , compound solar cells are used mainly on space satellites .
Since 2000 , Sharp has been advancing research and development on a triple - junction compound solar cell that achieves high conversion efficiency by stacking three photo - absorption layers .
To boost the efficiency of triple - junction compound solar cells , it is important to improve the crystallinity ( the regularity of the atomic arrangement ) in each photo - absorption layer ( the top , middle , and bottom layer ) .
It is also crucial that the solar cell be composed of materials that can maximize the effective use of solar energy .
Conventionally , Ge ( germanium ) is used as the bottom layer due to its ease of manufacturing .
However , in terms of performance , although Ge generates a large amount of current , the majority of the current is wasted , without being used effectively for electrical energy .
The key to solving this problem was to form the bottom layer from InGaAs ( indium gallium arsenide ) , a material with high light utilization efficiency .
However , the process to make high - quality InGaAs with high crystallinity was difficult .
Sharp has now succeeded in forming an InGaAs layer with high crystallinity by using its proprietary technology for forming layers .
As a result , the amount of wasted current has been minimized , and the conversion efficiency , which had been 31.5 % in Sharp ’s previous cells , has been successfully increased to 35.8 % .
Provided by Sharp
US Afghanistan commander requested as many as 60,000 more soldiers
By Tom Eley
10 October 2009
The top - end request for an increase in US troop levels presented to President Barack Obama by Gen. Stanley McChrystal , US and NATO commander in Afghanistan , is substantially larger than the 40,000 previously reported , according to anonymous government sources .
McChrystal has presented Obama with three scenarios for troop deployments in Afghanistan .
In one , the US would commit 60,000 more soldiers .
In the second — that for which McChrystal has publicly campaigned — the US would deploy 40,000 additional troops .
In the third scenario , Obama would send only marginally more soldiers than the 68,000 who will occupy Afghanistan by January 1 .
McChrystal says that this choice would lead to “ mission failure ” — i.e. , defeat .
Obama is in the midst of a series of cabinet - level meetings in which McChrystal ’s request is being discussed , along with a competing proposal that would maintain the current troop levels while relying more on aerial bombardment , targeted assassinations , and a deeper intervention in neighboring Pakistan .
Vice President Joe Biden reportedly favors this option .
The anonymous leaks that McChrystal has requested as many as 60,000 more soldiers appear to be aimed at conditioning public opinion for a deployment well beyond the 21,000 soldiers Obama ordered to Afghanistan soon after his inauguration .
McChrystal had been scheduled to meet with Obama in Washington on Friday , but the White House delayed his return to continue deliberations .
He has participated in the “ strategy review ” sessions via teleconference .
The debate within the Obama administration over troop levels has reportedly been joined to a larger discussion over whether or not to refocus the mission in Afghanistan from defeating the Taliban to preventing the return of Al Qaeda .
“ The Obama administration has concluded that the Taliban cannot be eliminated as a political or military movement , regardless of how many combat forces are sent into battle , ” the Washington Post reported on Friday .
“ The Taliban is a deeply rooted political movement in Afghanistan , so that requires a different approach than al - Qaeda , ” a senior administration official said .
The Post reported that government officials have compared the Taliban to Hezbollah , the popularly based Shiite movement in Lebanon , which “ has political support [ and ] is not a threat to the United States . ”
On Thursday , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs appeared to affirm this outlook .
“ I think the Taliban are , obviously , exceedingly bad people that have done awful things , ” he said .
“ Their capability is somewhat different , though , on that continuum of transnational threats . ”
Elsewhere in the article , the Post describes the Taliban as “ made up of a variety of groups united by an opposition to the international military presence . ”
It adds that Washington ’s goal of “ weakening the Taliban politically ... has been undermined by widespread allegations of electoral fraud appearing to benefit President Hamid Karzai . ”
These are extraordinary admissions that invalidate both the causus bellum for invading Afghanistan in 2001 and the rationale for the ongoing occupation .
Whereas Washington has long presented the Taliban as a dangerous terrorist organization bent on attacking the US in tandem with its Al Qaeda allies , now senior White House officials acknowledge that the “ Taliban insurgency ” is the military wing of a popular political movement against the US - led occupation — and one that has nothing to do with the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the US .
In spite of these admissions , the two options being debated in Obama ’s “ strategy review ” entail no let - up in military action against the insurgency .
The debate is whether the next phase of the war should be based on a vast increase in “ boots on the ground ” that would meet insurgents in Afghan population centers , or on Biden ’s proposal for greater reliance on air power and a cross - border special forces assassination campaign .
Both approaches share the goal of weakening the Taliban “ to the degree that it cannot challenge the Afghan government or reestablish the haven it provided for al - Qaeda , ” the Post said .
The Post reports , however , that a consensus has emerged in the Obama administration in favor of relinquishing vast parts of Afghanistan to anti-US forces and shifting forces toward population centers , an approach consonant with McChrystal ’s strategy , and one that is , in fact , already underway .
A significant increase in the US occupation force appears likely , with the outstanding questions being how much and how soon .
Asked by the Post “ how many troops would be needed to weaken the Taliban to an acceptable degree , ” a top official responded , “ That ’s the question .
That ’s the sweet spot we ’re looking for . ”
Yet there remain major obstacles to any new “ surge ” in Afghanistan — beyond mounting popular opposition in the US and NATO countries .
According to a new study by the Institute for the Study of War , a national security think tank , the US has available only three brigades , numbering between 11,000 and 15,000 soldiers , who could deploy to Afghanistan by the end of 2009 .
By the summer , a maximum of 20,000 could be deployed , it concluded .
These and other calculations about troop availability are based on the assumption that the diminution of violence in Iraq will hold .
The US continues to maintain a much larger military presence in Iraq than in Afghanistan .
Military operations have also been hindered by basic facts about Afghanistan ’s geography and infrastructure .
Because it is landlocked , material must be sent in from Pakistan via the Khyber Pass , supply lines subject to insurgent attacks and harassment , or else via a cumbersome northern route through Russia and the Central Asian states that border Afghanistan .
The overland vehicles currently available to the Army do not function well on Afghanistan ’s primitive roads , and vast areas of the largely mountainous nation are impassable in the winter months .
For these reasons , the movement of US and NATO troops over an area roughly the size of Texas is dependent on helicopters — of which there is an acute shortage , military sources told the Wall Street Journal .
There are also fears that the military could be crippled by a substantial intensification of its Afghanistan mission , a position reputedly held by Army Chief of Staff George Casey .
Casey implicitly rebuked McChrystal on Monday , telling reporters he would not comment publicly on troop proposals , but would speak “ directly to the president and do it privately . ”
Anthony Cordesman , a strategist with close ties to the military , rebutted concerns about depleting the army in chilling fashion .
“ You maintain peacetime assets precisely so you can consume them in war , ” he told the Journal .
The United Nations on Thursday reaffirmed its backing of the war , the 15 - member Security Council voting unanimously to extend by one year its endorsement of the NATO occupation , and called upon member nations to provide more support .
Meanwhile , attacks in Afghanistan suggest that the US position continues to erode .
NATO announced Friday that the US has abandoned its base at Kamdesh , which hundreds of Taliban fighters attacked last week , leaving eight American and three Afghan soldiers dead .
The Taliban claimed victory and raised its flag over the town , but NATO claimed that the base was shut down as part of McChrystal ’s shift to populated areas .
Remarking on the fact that the US destroyed the base before abandoning it , a Taliban spokesman said “ this means they are not coming back .
This is another victory for Taliban .
We have control of another district in eastern Afghanistan . ”
NATO said a coalition soldier was killed in combat on Friday , but it offered no details .
So far this month , 24 coalition soldiers have been killed .
Also on Friday , about 100 insurgents attacked a number of checkpoints and police headquarters in Kunar province , which borders Pakistan .
Seven insurgents were killed and several policemen were wounded in the fighting .
In Paktia province in eastern Afghanistan , also on the Pakistani border , a suicide car bomber attacked a convoy of construction workers , killing five .
And in Pakistan , a car packed with explosives blew up at a busy outdoor market on Friday , claiming 49 lives and injuring dozens more .
Islamabad was quick to seize on the tragedy to justify a widely anticipated military campaign demanded by Washington in South Waziristan province .
Add Noam Chomsky to the growing list of people using the Nazi analogy lately .
Speaking to the Commonwealth Club in San Francisco , he alluded to right - wing media as “ substantive content — crazy content , but it does give answers , ” and warned that if Americans were n’t properly educated about what was really happening to them , they could be in for a repeat of the Nazi takeover of Germany in the 1930s .
Chomsky , an influential linguist and liberal activist , did give himself some wiggle room — he prefaced his comments by saying “ I do n’t want to press the analogy too hard , ” and later repeated that the analogy was n’t a perfect one .
But it was provocative stuff , and veered into Godwin ’s Law territory .
Chomsky singled out Rush Limbaugh and Michael Savage as dealers of dangerous rhetoric , but he did n’t call out any cablers by name , although they seemed to be swept up in his critique of right - wing media :
The memory that comes to my mind — I do n’t want to press the analogy too hard , but I think it ’s worth thinking about — is late Weimar Germany .
There were people with real grievances , and the Nazis gave them an answer .
‘ It ’s the fault of the Jews and the Bolsheviks and we ’ve got to protect ourselves from them , and that will take care of them . ’
And you know what happened … [ … ]
Germany in the 1920s was at the peak of Western civilization .
A decade later , it was at the pits of human history .
Unless an answer can be given to these people , unless they can be led to understand what ’s really happening to them , we could be in for trouble .
The full video below :
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
William Amos finds Barack Obama offering the people of Virginia some , well , strange advice at a campaign stop for the plummeting Creigh Deeds — considering the source :
Obama made passing reference to the Republican front - runner , Bob McDonnell .
“ We do n’t need people who are slick , who say one thing and do another and go back to the policies of yesteryear , ” he said .
“ They got us in trouble in the first place . ”
Obama continued , “ we ’ve got enough of those politicians — we have a whole bunch in Washington D.C. ”
We ’ve got one in the White House , too .
Remember when Obama promised to fight the war in Afghanistan with more commitment than the Bush administration ?
Well , he has n’t totally reversed himself yet on that , but he has on these positions from his campaign :
And that ’s in just nine months !
Obama does n’t need another politician like that in Washington DC .
It would just horn in on his territory .
Got an Obamateurism of the Day ?
If you see a foul - up by Barack Obama , e-mail it to me at [ email protected ] with the quote and the link to the Obamateurism .
I ’ll post the best Obamateurisms on a daily basis , depending on how many I receive .
Include a link to your blog , and I ’ll give some link love as well .
And unlike Slate , I promise to end the feature when Barack Obama leaves office .
Illustrations by Chris Muir of Day by Day .
Be sure to read the adventures of Sam , Zed , Damon , and Jan every day !
Es importante cuidar muy bien los cultivos , especialmente cuando se trata de las plagas que puedan afectar su crecimiento y desarrollo ; por esto en weeds , es cuenta con un amplio catálogo que le permite a los cultivadores , tener sus plantas libres de plagas .
Especialmente con productos que no afectan el crecimiento de las plantas .
Uno de los productos más vendidos es Cristec , este es un insecticida que cuenta con una acción ecológica de choque ; además cuenta con un amplio espectro , tiene eficacia para proteger y eliminar las orugas , moscas blanca , pulgón , ácaros , cochinilla y trip , al entrar en contacto con los insectos , permiten acabar rápidamente contra ellos .
Esto se debe a que el producto ataca directamente sobre el sistema nervioso del insecto , gracias a esto permite la muerte del mismo ; por esto se logra mantener las plantas libre de estos insectos , uno de sus ventajas es que puede ser aplicado desde el momento de la germinación hasta 7 días antes de realizar la cosecha .
Una de las ventajas de este producto es que puede ser aplicado con otros productos para el control de plaga , de esta manera , puede potenciar su efecto ; se puede mezclar con cortered o repelred , que permite tener una amplia protección al momento de proteger la planta y todos los cultivos que desee .
Es importante que todos los cultivadores apliquen este y otros productos , para el control de plagas , siempre leyendo las instrucciones , en el caso de Zorkil contiene aminoácidos y extracto de crisantemo , gracias a esto permite que su protección sea amplia , así mantener en muy buen estado las plantas .
Además es importante usar la dosis adecuada , ya que permite mantener en buen estado nuestra planta , al igual que protegerla contra de todos los insectos que puedan afectar la cosecha de los cogollos .
Share this
Press Release from Gene Biggi and family .
We have decided not to sell our family property to the City of Beaverton for the purpose of building a stadium for Merritt Paulson .
Sale of the property would displace hundreds of employees in dozens in businesses .
Mayor Doyle and city staff approached our family to see if we were willing sellers .
Despite the fact that the property was not for sale , we agreed upon a process with the City of Beaverton to entertain an offer based on the premise that this was from an outside , disinterested investor .
The City of Beaverton hired Integra Realty Resources to appraise our family property .
We strongly dispute the appraisal for several important reasons .
To our surprise , the appraisal value was far less than Real Market Value stated on our property tax statements .
In addition , the appraisal did not use the Westgate Theater acquisition by the City of Beaverton or the Goodwill Industry project as comparables for this appraisal .
Both properties are immediately adjacent to our personal family property .
Of the five properties that were used for comparables , the closest was in Raleigh Hills in unincorporated Washington County .
There have been other real estate transactions in high density areas that would have more applicable to this exercise .
Finally , the appraisal did not reflect the value of having Regional Center High Density zoning , the value of public infrastructure improvements already scheduled to be built , the displacement costs to our tenants , or the loss of our family ’s future opportunity to redevelop our property according to our vision for downtown Beaverton .
After going through the process requested by the city , listening to the offer , and in clear dispute with the city ’s appraisal , we conclude where we began : the property is not for sale .
Because the stadium project could easily exceed $ 100 million by completion , including traffic changes , parking , and land costs , the Biggi family believes the city should immediately implement a process more inclusive of all stakeholders .
We believe a task force should be formed to find the most appropriate site for the stadium with the least impact to existing businesses , traffic and neighborhoods , and at the lowest cost to Beaverton citizens .
Because whatever potential redevelopment in downtown Beaverton that might result from this facility is highly speculative and fraught with risk , this task force should include local citizens , Beaverton property owners , Beaverton business owners , local developers , local bankers , local real estate experts as well as city staff .
In addition , the project build - out should not be handed over to Merritt Paulson , but rather the city should pursue an open bidding process to ensure the lowest cost to Beaverton taxpayers who will ultimately pay for the stadium through their property taxes .
Finally , and most important , a project of this size , scope and cost should be taken to a vote of the citizens of Beaverton prior to any further action or expenditures by the Mayor , City Council , and city staff .
We want to stress that the Biggi family is not against the Portland Beavers relocating to Beaverton .
We would welcome them as we would any business that wishes to operate in this community .
The ArmorGarage Way
Is to make everything to be the most durable product of its kind and be easy to self install with the best looking finish possible .
Every coating we manufacture is an HDSC coating ( High Durability Surface Coating ) .
Our garage epoxy flooring is used and approved by all branches of the US Military , Fortune 500 Companies , US Coast Guard , Work Shops and Home Owners worldwide .
If you only want to do your project once , do n't take a chance , we are the largest direct online seller in the nation so you can buy and install our product with peace of mind .
The following are just a few of our best sellers that you can find at top of the page :
Garage Floor Epoxy with the longest lasting new look high gloss finish available .
It 's how long an epoxy floor coating keeps your floor looking new that counts .
Garage Floor
Tiles that are top of the line garage flooring , virtually indestructible and are guaranteed for life .
Garage Mats that are 100 % Polyvinyl , wo n't curl or bunch up and guaranteed for 10 yrs .
Roof Coatings that are not water based , guaranteed leak proof for a minimum of 12 years and routinely last 15 - 20 years
Our Surface Bond & Asphalt Rejuvenator coatings puts an end to your yearly ritual of sealing your driveways , parking lots , bike lanes and other outdoor concrete or asphalt surfaces .
Available in Solar Reflective colors for pool decks and parking lots that suffer from soft asphalt in extreme hot weather .
In addition to great products with great customer service , quick shipping and 24/7 tech support , we are the best website for learning how to purchase and install the right epoxy coating for your floor , roof , parking facility or deck .
We have the best information on just about everything you need for your project and the know how to help you install them like a pro even if it 's your first time doing it .
Who you buy from is just as important as what you buy .
So if you want to the best product for your application and to know how to install it so you only need to do it once , ArmorGarage is your best source .
Plus , all our products are made in the USA !
99 % of our images are from DIY customers who never did anything like this before .
They got professional looking epoxy paint results with a better quality product that will out last any competing brand and at a fraction of the price contractors or franchise companies charge !
Whether it's a floor , roof or deck ArmorGarage has you covered .
We have a lot of products for many different applications , if you need any assistance please contact us at : 866-532-3979 or info@armorgarage.com
But what is this unknown something with which the Reason collides when inspired by its paradoxical passion , with the result of unsettling even man ’s knowledge of himself ?
It is the Unknown .
It is not a human being , in so far as we know what man is ; nor is it any other known thing .
So let us call this unknown something : the God .
It is nothing more than a name we assign to it .
– Philosophical Fragments , Søren Kierkegaard
Jerry Jenkins and Tim LaHaye ’s Left Behind series of sixteen novels ( so far ! ) represents everything that is most deranged about religion .
If I had to choose companions to take my chances with in a lifeboat , and the choice boiled down to picking Tim LaHaye , Jerry Jenkins , or Christopher Hitchens , I ’d pick Hitchens in a heartbeat .
At least he would n’t try to sink our boat so that Jesus would come back sooner .
He might even bring along a case of wine .
The Left Behind novels have sold tens of millions of copies while spawning an “ End Times ” cult , or rather egging it on .
Such products as Left Behind wall paper , screen savers , children ’s books , and video games have become part of the ubiquitous American background noise .
Less innocuous symptoms include people stocking up on assault rifles and ammunition , adopting “ Christ - centered ” home school curricula , fearing higher education , embracing rumor as fact , and learning to love hatred for the “ other , ” as exemplified by a revived anti-immigrant racism , the murder of doctors who do abortions , and even a killing in the Holocaust Museum .
No , I am not blaming Jenkins and LaHaye ’s product line for murder or racism or any other evil intent or result .
What I am saying is that feeding the paranoid delusions of people on the fringe of the fringe contributes to a dangerous climate that may provoke violence in a few individuals .
And convincing folks that Armageddon is on the way , and all we can do is wait , pray , and protect our families from the chaos that will be the “ prelude ” to the “ Return of Christ , ” is perhaps not the best recipe for political , economic , or personal stability , let alone social cohesion .
It may also not be the best philosophy on which to build American foreign policy !
The momentum toward what amounts to a whole subculture seceding from the union ( in order to await “ The End ” ) is irrevocably prying loose a chunk of the American population from both sanity and their fellow citizens .
A time - out for disclosure is in order .
I knew Jerry Jenkins quite well many years ago , and we worked on a baseball book project together , with me trying — and failing — to get his book made into a movie .
I liked Jerry and he was kind and decent .
I also have known Tim LaHaye for years , and some thirty years ago we shared the platform at several fundamentalist events .
Both men always treated me well .
This may come across as maudlin BS to some people , but I mean it when I say that if I were n’t convinced that their hugely “ successful ” work is about as innocuous as tossing gasoline and lighted matches into a nursery school , I ’d never say a word about them .
I ’m betting that they mean well .
It seems to me that they also have no idea what they have helped unleash .
You can be very decent and very blind .
That said … the evangelical / fundamentalists — and hence , from the early 1980s until the election of President Obama in 2008 , the Religious Right as it informed U.S. policy through the then dominant Republican Party — are in the grip of an apocalyptic Rapture cult centered on revenge and vindication .
This End Times death wish is built on a literalist interpretation of the Book of Revelation .
Too bad .
This weird book was the last to be included in the New Testament .
It was included as canonical only relatively late in the process after a heated dispute .
The historic Churches East and West remain so suspicious of Revelation that to this day it has never been included as part of the cyclical public readings of scripture in Orthodox services .
The book of Revelation is read in Roman and Anglican Churches only during Advent .
But both Rome and the East were highly suspicious of the book .
The West included the book in the lectionary late and sparingly .
In other words , the book of the Bible that the historical Church found most problematic is the one that American evangelicals latched on to like flies on you know what .
Given that Revelation is now being hyped as the literal — even desired — roadmap to Armageddon , it ’s worth pausing to note that it ’s nothing more than a bizarre pastoral letter that was addressed to seven specific churches in Asia at the end of the first century by someone ( maybe John or maybe not ) who appears to have been far from well when he wrote it .
In any case , the letter was not intended for use outside of its liturgical context , not to mention that it reads like Jesus on acid .
The evangelical / fundamentalist literalistic “ interpretation ” of Revelation is symptomatic of a larger problem : make - it - up - asyou - go - along biblical interpretation suited to hyping whatever the evangelical / fundamentalist flavor of the moment is , in a desperate effort to keep religion relevant .
But taken out of the context of being part of a worship cycle , the Bible became something like an extremely sharp butcher knife in the hands of children running around a garden .
There ’s nothing wrong with the knife per se , but context is everything .
Enter semiliterate American evangelical / fundamentalist rubes armed with multiple “ kitchen knives ” and imbued with a frontier “ no bishops or kings ! ” suspicion of any tradition , scholarship , or hierarchy that might moderate their wild - eyed personal “ interpretations ” of scripture and their burning desire to make a buck .
The Left Behind series is really just recycled evangelical / fundamentalist profit taking from scraps of “ prophecy ” left over from an earlier commercial effort to mine the vein of fearsome End Times gold .
A book called The Late Great Planet Earth was the 1970s incarnation of this nonsense .
It was written by Hal Lindsey , a “ writer ” who dropped by my parents ’ ministry of L’Abri several times .
Lindsey ’s
The Late Great Planet Earth interpreted Revelation for a generation of paranoid evangelicals who were terrified of the Soviet Union and communism and were convinced that the existence of the modern State of Israel was the sign that Jesus was on the way in our lifetimes , as Lindsey claimed .
According to Lindsey , Revelation was “ speaking ” about the Soviet Union and imminent nuclear attacks between the Soviet Union and the United States .
When Mikhail Gorbachev became president of the U.S.S.R. , Planet Earth groupies claimed Gorbachev was the Antichrist , citing the references in Revelation to the “ mark of the beast ” as proof because Gorbachev had a birthmark on his forehead !
After everything predicted in the book came to nothing , Lindsey rewrote and “ updated ” his “ interpretations ” in many sequels , in what must have been some sort of record for practicing George Orwell ’s idea of “ doublethink ” via editorial revision of ever - changing “ facts . ”
Trying to follow the prophecy party line eventually got confusing , even for the Lindsey followers , and Lindsey faded into well - deserved obscurity .
This would be amusing , if not for the lives touched by this crazy nonsense .
For instance , a good friend of mine was dragged — at age five — to Alaska , where his parents huddled in an “ End Times ” commune , a place chosen to be out of the way of major cities so that when the bombs fell , his family ( and some fellow “ pilgrims ” ) could await the Lord ’s return in safety .
My friend ’s life was almost destroyed by suffering through years of a cruel and bizarre lifestyle in which his family was reduced to eating their goats and bear meat hunted ( with the many guns kept by the members of this particular cult ) on the “ mission ’s ” garbage dump .
Of course , school was not a big concern since Jesus was on the way !
Discipline was harsh so that everyone could be found “ pure of heart ” at the Lord ’s imminent return .
After five or six years of this , my friend ’s miserably duped parents dragged themselves back to a neighborhood near ours where it happened that Genie and I got to know their utterly dislocated and severely damaged children , one of whom grew to become a close friend of ours .
According to Jenkins and LaHaye , who have taken over the Hal Lindsey franchise of apocalypse - for - fun - and - profit and expanded it into a vast industry , the “ chosen ” will soon be airlifted to safety .
The focus on the “ signs ” leading up to this hoped - for aeronautical excursion is understandably no longer the defunct U.S.S.R. but the ripped - from - the - headlines gift that keeps on giving : the Middle East .
The key to understanding the popularity of this series ( and the whole host of other End Times “ ministries ” from the ever weirder Jack - the - Rapture - is - coming ! - Van-Impe to the smoother but no less bizarre pages of Christianity Today magazine ) is n’t some new or sudden interest in prophecy , but the deepening inferiority complex suffered by the evangelical / fundamentalist community .
The words left behind are ironically what the books are about , but not in the way their authors intended .
The evangelical / fundamentalists , from their crudest egocentric celebrities to their “ intellectuals ” touring college campuses trying to make evangelicalism respectable , have been left behind by modernity .
They wo n’t change their literalistic anti-science , anti-education , anti-everything superstitions , so now they nurse a deep grievance against “ the world . ”
This has led to a profound fear of the “ other . ”
Jenkins and LaHaye provide the ultimate revenge fantasy for the culturally left behind against the “ elite . ”
The Left Behind franchise holds out hope for the self - disenfranchised that at last soon everyone will know “ we ” were right and “ they ” were wrong .
They ’ll know because Spaceship Jesus will come back and whisk us away , leaving everyone else to ponder just how very lost they are because they refused to say the words , “ I accept Jesus as my personal savior ” and join our side while there was still time !
Even better : Jesus will kill all those smart - ass Democrat - voting , overeducated fags who have been mocking us !
Nietzsche talked about “ everyday being oneself ” and not belonging to “ the herd , ” but we want to belong .
We have to belong !
We want to find the purpose , be it Jesus , or the study of the biological / evolutionary origins of religion , or blogging on left - wing sites and reading all those responses from people just like us .
We ca n’t change that desire to belong to the winning side .
But some evangelical / fundamentalists not only wish to be proved right ; they also want revenge .
The bestselling status of the Left Behind novels proves that , not unlike Islamist terrorists who behead their enemies , many evangelical / fundamentalist readers relish the prospect of God doing lots of messy killing for them as they watch in comfort from on high .
They want revenge on all people not like them — forever .
Knowingly or unknowingly , Jenkins and LaHaye cashed in on years of evangelical / fundamentalists ’ imagined victimhood .
I say imagined , because the born - agains had one of their very own , George W. Bush , in the White House for eight long , ruinous years and also dominated American politics for the better part of thirty years before that .
Nevertheless , their sense of being a victimized minority is still very real — and very marketable .
Whether they were winning politically or not , they nurtured a mythology of persecution by the “ other . ”
Evangelical / fundamentalists believed that even though they were winning , somehow they had actually lost .
Most of that sense of lost battles is related to the so - called culture wars issues in which evangelical / fundamentalists did not fare so well , from the legalization of abortion to gay rights .
But rather than admitting that they were often losing the arguments , or had come across as so mean ( or plain dumb ) that few outsiders wanted to be like them , they blamed everyone else , from the courts to organizations such as Planned Parenthood , the ACLU , the New York Times , and the “ left - wing media . ”
Just about any scapegoat would do to deny or disguise the simple fact that fewer Americans wanted to follow the evangelical / fundamentalist Church Ladies into their gloomy cave ( and / or the never - never land of the Rapture ) and park their brains there .
I used to be part of the self - pitying , whining , evangelical / fundamentalist chorus .
I remember going on the Today Show with host Jane Pauley back in the late 1970s ( or early 1980s ) .
I debated with the head of the American Library Association about my claim that our evangelical / fundamentalist books were n’t getting a fair shake from the “ cultural elites . ”
We Schaeffers were selling millions of books , but the New York Times never reviewed them .
I made the point that we were being ignored by the “ media elite , ” which was somewhat ironic , given that I had been invited to appear on Today to make that claim .
I dropped out of the evangelical / fundamentalist subculture soon after that Today appearance ( years later I was back on Today in my secular writer incarnation , being interviewed about a book of mine on the military / civilian divide , but I decided not to mention that I ’d been on the show about thirty years before in what seemed like either another lifetime or an out - of - body experience .
Others carried on where I left off , pushing the victimhood mythology to the next generation of evangelical / fundamentalists , and they have cultivated a following among the terminally aggrieved based on ceaselessly warning them about “ the world . ”
For instance “ An Evangelical Manifesto , ” a document put together by yet another self - appointed evangelical / fundamentalist “ leadership group ” ( in 2008 ) , was widely circulated in evangelical / fundamentalists circles .
It put forward the idea of the evangelical / fundamentalist battle with the dangerous forces of secularism , claiming that “ Nothing is more illiberal than to invite people into the public square but insist that they be stripped of the faith that makes them who they are .
…
If this hardens into something like the European animosity toward religion in public life the result would be disastrous for the American republic . …
[ The ] striking intolerance shown by the new atheists is a warning sign . ”
The evangelical / fundamentalist authors of this document were claiming that fundamentalists were being stripped of their political power .
Worse , we ’d soon find that America would be just like — heavens ! —
France !
They made this case during the Bush presidency !
A host of evangelical / fundamentalist Cassandras tour college campuses reinforcing their followers ’ perennial chip - on - the - shoulder attitude by telling fearful evangelical / fundamentalist students to hold fast against the secular onslaught .
They tell their student listeners ( and those students ’ even more worried parents ) to not let “ those people ” — professors , members of the Democratic Party , moderates , progressives , and such ordinary American men and women as Jews , gays , and members of the educated “ elite ” — strip them of their faith .
Hundreds of books by many evangelical / fundamentalist authors could be consolidated into one called How to Get Through College with Your Fundamentalist Faith Intact So You Wo n’t Wind Up Becoming One of Them .
Sometimes right - wing paranoia takes an ugly twist .
A website maintained by James Von Brunn , an avowed racist and anti-Semite well known to the netherworld of white supremacy — and the assassin who killed a security guard at the Holocaust Museum in June of 2009 — said that Brunn tried to carry out a “ citizen ’s arrest ” in 1981 on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors , whom he accused of “ treason . ”
When he was arrested outside the room where the board was meeting , he was carrying a sawed - off shotgun , a revolver , and a knife .
Police said he planned to take members of the Fed hostage .
“ Mainstream ” ( in other words , slightly less nutty and less violent ) religious - right Republicans have been saying the same thing as Brunn about the Fed for years , particularly the so - called “ dominionists ” who believe it ’s their job to reestablish God ’s dominion on earth .
They preach Old Testament–style vengeance and loony gold - standard “ economics ” from many “ respectable ” pulpits .
They also hate America ( as it is ) , want a revolution in the name of God , and espouse “ pro-life ” beliefs , anti-gay hate , racism , and far - right Republican politics .
They take the Republican anti-government propaganda to the next step and say that even paying taxes is “ unconstitutional . ”
I know them well .
I knew the founders of the dominionist movement — people like the late Reverend Rousas John Rushdoony , the father of “ Christian Reconstructionism ” and the modern evangelical / fundamentalist home school movement .
Rushdoony ( whom I met and talked with several times ) believed that interracial marriage , which he referred to as “ unequal yoking , ” should be made illegal .
He also opposed “ enforced integration , ” referred to Southern slavery as “ benevolent , ” and said that “ some people are by nature slaves . ”
Rushdoony was also a Holocaust denier .
And yet his home school materials are a mainstay of the right - wing evangelical home school movement to this day .
In Rushdoony ’s 1973 book , The Institutes of Biblical Law , he says that fundamentalist Christians must “ take control of governments and impose strict biblical law ” on America and then the world .
That would mean the death penalty for “ practicing homosexuals . ”
Many evangelical leaders deny holding Reconstructionist beliefs , but Beverly and Tim LaHaye ( of Concerned Women for America and the co-author of the novels we ’re talking about in this chapter ) , Donald Wildmon ( of the American Family Association ) , and the late D. James Kennedy ( of Coral Ridge Ministries and a friend of mine before I left the movement ) served alongside Rushdoony on the secretive Coalition for Revival , a group formed in 1981 to “ reclaim America for Christ . ”
I went to some of the early meetings .
The New Atheists have played into the evangelical / fundamentalist ’s hands .
Each side fans the flames of victimhood .
“ An atheist can never be president ! ” says one side .
“ A Christian never gets a fair shake in the New York Times ! ” claims the other .
Each side is led by opportunists claiming to speak for a beleaguered minority .
Indeed , Dawkins needs the evangelicals and they need him .
As the authors of An Evangelical Manifesto wrote , “ striking intolerance shown by the new atheists is a warning sign . ”
Conversely , how would Dawkins ’s followers use their Scarlet A pins to open their conversations if America were n’t full of evangelical / fundamentalists ?
The fundamentalists in both camps need to claim they are hated .
The leaders push their followers to fear each other to maintain their identity — and lecture fees .
But getting back to the Apocalypse — since all the good God-fearing folks are going to be forced to be Europeans anyway , why not end it all now ?
Jenkins and LaHaye ’s “ I told you so ” to all those “ elites ” who are n’t like “ us ” comes packaged as ultra-violence .
The promotional copy for one of the books in the Left Behind series —
Shadowed — promises plenty of killing : “ After God intervenes with a miracle of global proportions , the tide is turned on international atheism ! ”
Those Europeans the evangelical / fundamentalist leaders warned all “ Real Americans ” about are about to get theirs !
If you want to know what it means to turn the tide on “ international atheism , ” here ’s an example from Glorious Appearing , in which Jesus slaughters unbelievers .
The riders not thrown leaped from their horses and tried to control them with the reins , but even as they struggled , their own flesh dissolved , their eyes melted , and their tongues disintegrated . …
[ T ]he soldiers stood briefly as skeletons in now - baggy uniforms , then dropped in heaps of bones as the blinded horses continued to fume and rant and rave .
Seconds later the same plague afflicted the horses , their flesh and eyes and tongues melting away , leaving grotesque skeletons standing , before they too rattled to the pavement .
Many evangelical / fundamentalists can’t get enough of this garbage .
They ’ve been sucking it up since the early 1970s , and now , in the Left Behind books , the message has gone viral .
The video game Left Behind : Eternal Forces was developed by a publicly traded company , Left Behind Games .
The player controls a “ Tribulation Forces ” team and is invited to “ use the power of prayer to strengthen your troops in combat and wield modern military weaponry throughout the game world . ”
The game blesses religious violence .
It ’s the Americanized version of some Islamic sheik drumming hate of the infidel into young minds in some dusty Pakistani madrassa .
It ’s legal evangelical Jihad training , a fantasy foreshadowing of the all - too - real killings of abortion doctors and others hated as “ anti-Christ . ”
The expanding Left Behind entertainment empire also feeds the dangerous delusions of Christian Zionists , who are convinced that the world is heading to a final Battle of Armageddon and who see this as a good thing !
Christian Zionists , led by many “ respectable ” mega - pastors — including Reverend John Hagee — believe that war in the Middle East is God ’s will .
In his book Jerusalem Countdown : A Warning to the World , Hagee maintains that Russia and the Arabs will invade Israel and then will be destroyed by God .
This will cause the Antichrist — the head of the European Union — to stir up a confrontation over Israel between China and the West .
Perhaps , in the era of Obama , Hagee will do a fast rewrite and say that President Obama is the Antichrist , because the same folks who are into Christian Zionism are also into the far , far loony right of the Republican Party represented by oddities like Sarah Palin .
These are the same people who insist that President Obama is a “ secret Muslim , ” “ not an American , ” and / or “ a communist , ” “ more European than American , ” or whichever one of those contradictory things is worse — not like us anyway , that ’s for sure .
Christian Zionists support any violent action by the State of Israel against Arabs and Palestinians because the increasingly brutal State of Israel is , in the fevered evangelical / fundamentalist mind , the nation presently standing in for Jesus as avenger on evildoers everywhere , by which they mean Arabs and others not like us .
Christian Zionists are yet another reason why I and countless other Christians , including many of the more moderate evangelicals , mainline Protestants , Roman Catholics , and Orthodox are hesitant to be labeled “ Christian . ”
Who wants to be confused with some of the most dangerous and stupid people in the world : nuclear - armed , paranoid evangelical / fundamentalist Bible thumpers rooting for Armageddon and worrying in paranoid “ official ” documents about being forced to become like “ the Europeans ” ?
( Just a thought : does that make high - speed rail service a tool of the Devil ? )
Perhaps
I ’m not alone when I say that it would be tempting to walk away from trying to follow Jesus , if for no other reason than to avoid the constant hassle of having to explain what I ’m not .
© 2009 Frank Schaeffer .
This is an excerpt from his latest book , Patience with God : Faith for People Who Do n’t Like Religion ( or Atheism ) , published by Da Capo Press .
At the protest this morning , Geri Jenkins , RN , President of the California Nurses Association / National Nurses Organizing Committee , said , " There ’s a reason that nurses are fighting for this private option opt - out .
We see the harm and damage that private insurance companies wreak on our patients .
This amendment is hope for guaranteed healthcare and we ask you to put it back into the bill . "
The Kucinich Amendment could not be more straight - forward : it allows states to opt out of the national healthcare reform proposal and set up their own state - based single - payer systems .
More background is here .
And here you can read Rep. Kucinich ’s thoughts on the situation .
Update :
Here also is a letter from Kucinich and other leading House progressives to Speaker Pelosi .
The amendment was added to the bill in a bi-partisan committee vote , and trumps the objections of many moderate and conservatives that individual states are being forced into a national solution .
In California , for one , is eager to act as a laboratory of democracy .
Twice the state has passed single - payer systems only to see them vetoed by Gov. Schwarzenegger .
Arnold will be gone soon — - but one more barrier remains in the way once he ’s gone , which are a series of federal regulations .
The Kucinich amendment would remove those barriers ... and not just California , but other states like Maine and Pennsylvania would very seriously consider this private option opt-out
If the Kucinich amendment gets lifted , that means states can opt of the public option in favor of shuffling more of their residents into cruel for - profit insurers ... but they ca n’t opt out in favor of guaranteed healthcare .
As Rep. Kucinich wrote yesterday , we are at a critical point for the healthcare debate .
The reforms are being eviscerated from inside the Capitol .
Progressives need a victory in this healthcare bill , one that can give us hope for turning around the lobbyist - driven bill .
Nurses need to know their patients will be guaranteed healthcare .
And patients need support from all of us .
Please call Henry Waxman and tell him that progressives and patients are tired of doing all the compromising on this bill — and we want the chance to bring single - payer systems to our states !
Looks like I am going to have to buy up all of the Strawberry Swishers I can find .
As some of you might have heard , the US has decided to band flavored tobacco because of its appealing nature to children .
Even though I agree with this because I remember when I was a kid it was definitely the shiny and colorful boxes of the flavored tobaccos that would attract my attention .
If you go to a proper head shop you can see that the amount of flavored blunt wraps these days and it really is a little out of hand .
Although the law has passed , it cannot be implemented because regulations have not been drawn up yet .
I feel bad for all of those people who do n’t have access to great weed and need a little flavor to go with their budz .
So just a little head up to all you flavored swisher and blunt wrap fans , start buying up your lifetime supply before they go away … .
Dear Fellow Open Source Enthusiasts and Linux Advocate cum " Passionistas " :
The Advent of one of the Filipino Contributions has dawned to the IT World .
Kahel OS .
At first , i wish to write " ...
The advent of one of the significant and relevant Filipino Contributions has dawned to the IT World .
But it would only be significant if IT 's goal will be attained and relevant if users may realize IT 's value in the long run .
Kahel OS is not just an Operating System so to speak .
IT is not just a Technology Product on a Linux and Open Source Platform added to the thousands of FREE Distros already available in the community .
IT does not explicitly want to be different or to be set apart from the rest .
However , among others , we simply would like Kahel OS ( just like our team ) to be the embodiment of our IT Values and Philosophy .
Kahel OS is based on Arch Linux .
http://www.archlinux.org.
Kahel OS believes that there is no Distro War .
Kahel OS would not like to attempt to break barriers .
But believes that there is an Open Source Apps just for everyone : for one 's taste and choice .
Kahel OS does not impose ; " that this one is better than that one " ...
Instead , IT 's banner and call is " To reinforce to schools and students , organizations and individuals and advocates ( organized and not ) that IT is also ALL about VALUES , not just computers and operating systems " .
Kahel OS is Simple yet Flexible , Free yet Strictly adhering to Standards , Open yet Closed to those with a closed view , Cool and Light yet Powerful on Applications .
Kahel OS is Encouraging learning and sharing .
That IT will truly flourish if we complement our natural and nurtured skills and knowledge with the understanding of why one is gifted
We cannot distinguish distinctly who should use Kahel OS or who is it for yet we darn know that :
1. Kahel OS is not for the lazy and ignorant .
2. Kahel OS is not for those who do not like to learn ( spare a few days ) and is not a fan of innovation .
3. Kahel
Os is not for those who only dares try it , may be dissatisfied but does not give his / her comment or input on why he is dissatisfied / dislikes it , so as IT could improve .
4. Kahel OS is not for those who prefers pirated OS because he / she does not like to purchase one .
5. Kahel OS is not for those who can spare money for Desktop OS , but could not think of others and spare money for relevant causes on learning and education ( because he / she thinks , it 's not his / her job , it 's the Government 's . )
6. Kahel OS is not for those with a closed mind and perspective .
7. Kahel OS is not for those Filipinos who believes that a Filipino can only make it if you 're not in the Philippines .
8. Kahel OS is not for those who are already happy and content with their current Desktop OS and you feel it 's not worth keeping your options OPEN .
But then again , you aske me " Why should one try out Kahel OS ? "
Here are 8 reasons : ( i'll also try to express its benefits )
1 . It is based on a Rolling Release Model - Genuine Upstream Source
Benefit .
This means that you do not need to wait for months or for the next OS release to be updated with the newest applications available .
( 1 ) effortless updates of applications , and , ( 2 ) lesser time and MBs spent on getting the most recent available application and kernel releases .
2. Utilizing the Newest Linux Kernel 2.6.30 .
Benefit .
This means that there will be more devices / drivers that could be supported .
WIMAX is one of them ( please read this separately for your appreciation ) .
WIMAX of which is an emerging broadband wireless standard supported and included in this kernel .
Fast Boot .
Boot up is under 10 seconds ( Environment Friendly ) .
3. Kahel is using all the default and suggested applications for Gnome , which makes everything tightly integrated .
Default Gnome Applications for Office , Multi-Media and Web- Browsing .
Benefit .
This is most likely appreciated by already Linux Users but for the layman , necessary applications are already in place upon boot up of the Kahel OS .
However , you can still be able to install other Linux Applications .
4. Supports for latest NILFS2 , BTRFS by default .
Support for Next Generation Technologies .
Benefit .
This implies that applications are provided with improved filesystem scalibility and performance .
5. Utilizing Pacman and Package Kit
Benefit .
With the Pacman and Package Kit , easy installation of applications is enabled .
6. Source Code Installation - Capable .
Benefit .
This simply implies that if you have favorite applications ( you need not compile ) , all you need to do is type yourt ( with the application name ) on the console and voila , your application is installed and ready to use .
7 . All applications is i686 and x86 - 64 optimized .
Benefit .
With the availability of the Technology of the New CPU's in the market , special features such as multi- threading are put to use and maximized because all applications are compiled on i686 .
Thus , Applications run very fast .
No backward compatibility bottleneck .
8 . Most of all , IT is FREE as IT is our gift to all .
IT is an innovation of a dedicated and passionate team that espouses the same values and philosophy Kahel OS has .
The team , 8 liens .
8liens believes that IT ( Information Technology ) is not a world apart from our daily living , its transcendental path is towards eliminating mediocrity , harnessing skills , alleviating our economic strength as a whole while fostering nationhood as we search for our global niche .
Kahel OS does not like to sound preachy , and does want to teach without a cause , but Kahel OS is for sure here , When you need IT .
Do IT right .
http://www.kahelos.org/
If there was a central theme of British political history in the first half of the 20th century , it was the rise of the Labour Party ; the theme of the second half looked very much like its decline and fall .
After the high - water mark of the 1945 - 51 government , the party held office for only 11 out of the next 46 years , and by 1992 , when the Tories won a fourth consecutive election , it was possible to think that Labour was finished , like the Liberals before it .
Then came a miraculous recovery , an election landslide followed by two more victories ; so that , by early November this year , Labour will have been in office for twice as long as the Attlee government .
And yet it has all turned to ashes .
The government today is in office but not in power ; a ministry of the living dead .
Most of the blame is now heaped on Gordon Brown .
Many people who once acclaimed him as hero and saviour have savagely turned against him , and it's true that he has bungled one problem after another - from Northern Rock and the election - that - was n't to Lockerbie and the cuts - that - are n 't - cuts .
All this might seem to leave Brown 's predecessor looking much better .
But could it be that Tony Blair , ostensibly Labour 's most successful leader ever , succeeded at the cost of morally eviscerating the party and inflicting the kind of damage from which it will never recover ?
Blair likes to say " history will be my judge " .
Maybe history will judge him as the man who destroyed the Labour Party - but with the party a willing accomplice .
In the past , Labour had excuses for failure ; this time it is ­dying by its own hand .
It began life as just that - the party of labour , the political voice of the organised working class .
As its first leader , Keir Hardie , said in 1903 : " When acting in the House of Commons , they should be neither socialists , Liberals , not Tories , but a Labour party . "
In 1918 , inspired by Sidney Webb , one of the first Fabians and a founder of the New Statesman , Labour adopted its first socialist programme .
Webb preached " the inevitability of gradualness " , and in 1923 predicted that , " from the rising curve of Labour votes " , the party would obtain a clear majority " somewhere about 1926 " .
Creed of injustice
Although that did n't happen , Labour formed two governments in that decade .
In January 1924 , George V sent for Ramsay MacDonald , the Labour leader , observing as he did so , " Today , 23 years ago , dear Grandmama died .
I wonder what she would have thought of a Labour government ! "
Whatever Victoria would have thought , that government lasted less than a year before it fell and was routed at the polls following the scandal of the " Zinoviev letter " , which purported to be written by the head of the Comintern and scared voters over to the Conservative Party .
In 1929 , Labour and MacDonald were back , but only until the financial crisis in the summer of 1931 , when MacDonald became prime minister in a national government that implemented savage cuts , before an election at which Labour was crushed .
Those first two minority Labour governments could introduce few drastic reforms , although they achieved more than is often remembered , from Wheatley 's Housing Act of 1924 to the Coal Mines Act 1930 and Greenwood 's slum - clearance programme .
And they both came to grief in a way that fuelled a Labour creed of injustice : " We was robbed . "
Or rather , in the first case , " We were cheated " , and in the second , " We were betrayed " .
But in turn that meant : " We can recover . "
In 1945 , they did .
After an electoral landslide in which Labour came close to an absolute majority of votes , the party embarked on a hugely ambitious programme .
Labour won another election in 1950 with a slender but manageable majority , but Clement Attlee was bullied by George VI into calling an election in October 1951 , and lost .
" We was robbed " again , this time by the voting system , which gave the Tories more seats even though Labour had won a clear majority of the popular vote .
Indeed , at almost 14 million , the 1951 Labour vote was the largest the party has ever achieved .
Despite its sorry end , the Attlee government had transformed the country in a way no Labour government had before - or has since .
And so the party could still claim an identity , and purpose : " The Labour Party is a moral crusade or it is nothing , " as Harold Wilson put it , albeit not very convincingly .
Although he won two elections , in 1964 and 1966 , no one can call his government much of a success .
It proved incapable of dealing with underlying economic and industrial problems , and staggered from one crisis to another .
But at least it ended the death penalty and allowed the liberal reforms on homosexuality , divorce and abortion passed while Roy Jenkins was home secretary , besides Wilson 's one good deed in keeping us out of the Vietnam war .
When he returned to office in 1974 , the party was as fractious as ever and economic crises multiplied .
After Wilson was succeeded by James Callaghan , the story grew more woeful still , ending with the defeat of the government in the Commons in 1979 and Margaret Thatcher 's victory .
For much of the next 18 years of opposition , Labour seemed in an almost terminal condition .
At the 1983 election , it won 28 per cent of the popular vote , a lower proportion than at any election since 1918 .
That was followed by a third defeat and a fourth .
And then came Blair .
Under him , Labour became electable once again and even , so the story runs , a natural party of government , which won three election victories .
That is the legacy supposedly squandered by Brown .
But is it as simple as that ?
For one thing , those victories are less impressive the closer you look .
In 1997 , Labour won a landslide - of parliamentary seats , that is , roughly 64 per cent of them , but with only 43 per cent of the vote .
In the exultation of that moment , not enough Labour supporters noticed that their party had won fewer popular votes than had the Tories under the much - mocked John Major in 1992 .
In 2001 , Labour won again , and not very surprisingly : the electorate by now had a choice between William Hague , a conservative who could n't win , and Blair , a conservative who could , and did the logical thing , though millions followed another logic by simply not voting .
Morally ruined
The British were once enthusiastic voters , as other nations still are : the 84 per cent turnout at our 1950 election was matched in the latest French presidential election and Dutch general election .
In the UK , in 1997 , the figure fell to 71 per cent , but then plummeted to 59 per cent in 2001 .
If fewer people voted Labour in 1997 than Tory in 1992 , then fewer voted Labour in 2001 than Labour in 1992 ; and fewer voted Labour in 2005 than for the Tories at their debacle of 1997 .
By that last election , the 35 per cent of the electorate who voted for Labour as the " winning " party was for the first time easily outstripped by those who did n't vote at all .
Over the past three elections , the Labour vote has fallen from 13.5 million to 10.7 million to 9.6 million ; the last figure is several millions smaller than those who voted Labour when the Tories won in 1959 or 1970 or 1979 .
Blair gained his victories by default .
Should the party really thank him for that ?
Some really did believe in 1997 that Blair would bring a new dawn of radical reform .
Leave aside ridiculous agitprop from those times such as The Blair Revolution by Peter Mandelson and The Unfinished Revolution by Philip Gould .
Much more revealing about the delusions of 12 years ago is Will Hutton 's The State to Come , a true period piece , published just before the 1997 election , in which he argued that " only a future Labour government will be able to set a new agenda for Britain " .
We were witnessing " the strange rebirth of liberal England " , Hutton wrote , insisting that the Blair government would raise income tax , redistribute wealth and strengthen the trade unions .
And it was a particular article of faith for Hutton and others like him that , once Blair was elected , we would join the single European currency as soon as possible .
It 's tempting to say that if Hutton really did believe that , then , like Rick going to Casablanca for the waters , he was misinformed .
But was there any honest excuse ?
To be fair , it was n't then easy to imagine that before he left office Blair would be plausibly described as standing to the right of every postwar prime minister apart from his lodestar , Margaret Thatcher .
Nor could we have guessed that he would take us into a needless and criminal war by means of blatant deception in order to demonstrate his loyalty to the most reactionary American president of modern times .
All the same , the moral and intellectual vacuity of the " New Labour agenda " was easily visible from the beginning , at least to some of us who were n't starry - eyed .
I wrote an essay on Blair for the Atlantic Monthly in July 1996 in which I pointed out that : " He is the first of the Tories ' political opponents ever to concede that they have largely won the argument . . .
An anthology of Blair 's recent reflections speaks for itself .
' I believe Margaret Thatcher 's emphasis on enterprise was right . '
' Duty is the cornerstone of a decent society . '
' Britain needs more successful people who can become rich by success through the money they earn . ' "
Someone else who saw the implications of this was the veteran political commentator Alan Watkins , who put it wittily well before Blair won his first election .
On the Lions tour of New Zealand in 1971 , their coach , Carwyn James , had told his team to " Get your retaliation in first " .
All Labour prime ministers had disillusioned their supporters once in office , Watkins wrote , but Blair was unique : he had got his disillusionment in first .
And Watkins also saw that although Labour MPs had gone along with Blair in the hope of winning after so many years of defeat , most of them hated what he was doing to their party .
They hated it more and more with every year , but he was winning .
Those MPs were not deceived by him , they deceived themselves , and they were morally ruined in the process .
This time , Labour had no excuses .
A poisonous legacy
Although Blair did not " destroy socialism " , as some fervent right - wing admirers have claimed , he did destroy two older traditions that had long nourished Labour : liberal and radical .
Any idea of " the strange rebirth of liberal England " rings bitterly hollow after years of relentless assault on civil liberties and the rule of law by a prime minister who sneered at " libertarian nonsense " .
And the old radical tradition of " the party of peace " died in March 2003 , when a majority of Labour MPs voted for an illegal war in which most of them did n't believe .
Still , they had their flat - screen televisions and champagne flutes , even if they could n't all look forward to a $ 10 m annual sinecure from a Wall Street bank like Blair himself .
Therein lies Blair 's poisonous legacy .
From Baldwin to Thatcher , there was always that healing myth of injustice with which Labour could console itself .
This time Labour knew what Blair was doing , and how the party 's entire heritage had been contemptuously abandoned .
Today there can be no cry of treachery .
This time Labour was n't betrayed by false friends or tricked by bankers : it betrayed and tricked itself .
Even if they wanted to , Labour MPs could scarcely any longer sing " Let cowards flinch and traitors sneer , We 'll keep the Red Flag flying here " , since they themselves are the " cowards and traitors " .
Although it may be correctly said that this is not written " from the left " , I was , as it happens , brought up in the bosom of the Labour Party ( that was just as possible in progressive - professional north London as in a Welsh ­mining village ) , before I rejected socialism intellectually .
But those who have lost a faith often feel a wistful fondness .
Former Roman Catholics can retain a respect for the church , or at least for its cultural residue , and certainly warmth towards individual priests and nuns .
In the same way , without any longer accepting the party 's original beliefs , it was possible to feel a real affection for the Labour Party and for Labour people - old Labour , that is .
Did anyone ever feel any affection at all for the party led by Blair ?
No normal person could like the junta of Blair , Gould , Mandelson and Campbell .
They might have inspired awe , or plain fear , as long as they were winning .
But now that it is disintegrating , New Labour has no reserves of love or loyalty to draw on .
Sincere believers can inspire respect even when they are losing ; once cynical apparatchiks and careerists lose power , they inspire nothing but contempt .
Maybe the story of our times will be the death of Labour .
Geoffrey Wheatcroft 's books include " The Strange Death of Tory England " and " Yo , Blair ! " .
Apple has been forced to replace a 10 metre pane of glass on the façade of its flagship Sydney store after it was pierced by a small projectile last month ( see photo gallery right ) .
The repair job was understood to have cost Apple up to $ 1 million to date .
Apple has been contacted for confirmation .
Engineers and workers from the firm Kell & Rigby , alongside glaziers and contractors that worked on the original construction of the building , converged on the store last night .
George Street - one of Sydney CBD 's busiest roads - was cut to a single lane at 8.20 pm for the operation , which was understood to be the first of its kind ever attempted .
But the replacement was abandoned shortly after 2.00 am due to an unknown mechanical fault with the crane - assisted plate glass remover .
The remover - covered in suction caps and able to rotate 180 degrees to span the entire pane of glass - was custom - fabricated and flown from Germany specifically for the job .
A replacement pane of the store 's custom four - inch thick glass also had to be flown in from Germany .
The pane remover was hoisted into place against the glass just after midnight this morning but appeared to fail to pressurise and grip the window correctly .
Running repairs were made at approximately 12.45 am and again at 1.20 am and 2.00 am before the replacement attempt was abandoned for the evening .
The repair job was expected to resume later tonight , subject to planning approval .
Victim of mystery attack
The glass had to be replaced after Sydney 's flagship Apple store was one of a number of shopfronts allegedly targeted by an unknown vandal late last month .
Rumours on the Macworld forums claimed a bullet had pierced the glass , but this has not been confirmed by Apple .
The hole through the glass pane was clearly visible prior to the commencement of works last night .
A hairline fracture in the glass extended from the hole at eye level to almost two - thirds up the pane .
It was understood the glass fracture was caused by the sun 's heat rather than the impact of the initial hit .
Workers sealed the fracture with plastic tape and fitted edging materials to the sides of adjoining glass panels to prevent damage to other panes as the damaged glass is removed .
Read about Kell & Rigby 's lessons - learned on the initial installation of the glass panels here [ PDF ] .
Ten years ago , few people could have imagined that the First Family would rip up part of the White House lawn and plant a vegetable garden .
But that ’s exactly what happened in March , when Michelle Obama started work on a 1,100 square foot garden that has since sprouted 225 pounds of tomatoes , rhubarb , peppers , spinach , okra , and more–in other words , far too much for the White House residents to consume on their own .
The solution ?
Setting up shop at a local farmer ’s market , of course !
According to Washington DC media outlets , Michelle Obama is supporting a permit request from FreshFarm Markets to shut down a portion of Vermont Avenue near the White House every Thursday afternoon until the end of October .
It ’s a proposal that could cause some serious traffic jams , which is why Fresh Farm only wants to test it out for six weeks .
Disregarding potential complaints from irate commuters stuck in farmer ’s market traffic , the proposal is a brilliant idea .
Michelle Obama has inadvertently become a health icon thanks to her now legendary buff arms , and it only makes sense that she would try to wield that status to increase awareness about healthy initiatives ( i.e organic farming ) .
But what we really want to know is whether the First Lady will make guest appearances at the White House produce stand .
And most importantly , will the produce be reasonably priced enough for most DC - ers to afford ?
We ’ll find out soon if / when the Fresh Farm permit is accepted .
[ Via Washington Post ]
Microsoft has tried to distance its fledgling cloud services from its newly acquired Danger smartphone division after an unknown number of US customers lost data due to a server failure .
The company said the data loss was a result of a server failure in a datacentre it acquired when it bought Danger that had not been updated to run on Microsoft technology .
The loss of customer data is a setback for Microsoft as it seeks to convince corporate customers it has built secure and reliable datacentres for cloud services , said the Financial Times .
Microsoft has not said how many users of the Danger Sidekick smartphones were affected by the failure , but about one million of the devices have been sold since they were introduced in 2003 .
Danger was acquired by Microsoft 18 months ago as part of plans to bolster the company 's position in the smartphone market .
T- Mobile , which provides the network for the Sidekick smartphones , told users at the weekend at that personal data no longer on their devices was almost certainly lost .
Microsoft said its engineers were trying to recover data and there was a better chance for customers who did not remove batteries or allow them to run down .
A CBS poll cuts to the heart of the matter : people are confused about health care reform .
When asked if they understand " health care reform ideas , " 67 percent of the 1,097 respondents chose " no , they 're confusing , " vs. 31 percent who said " yes , [ I ] understand reforms . "
This should come as little surprise -- the health care system is already confusing as it exists , before the slew of proposed changes are even considered .
It depends on how specific one considers the term " ideas " to be -- the broad stroke of introducing a public option to drive down private insurance prices is a basic concept , but it 's complicated once you delve into the specifics .
CBS does not say how many poll respondents were journalists , pundits , congressional staffers or political strategists .
It also stands to reason that health reform ideas are confusing because a final proposal does n't exist yet , and some of those ideas are n't actually on paper .
60 percent ( vs. 31 percent ) said President Obama has n't done a good enough job of explaining things ... but from what Marc reported earlier today , that 's about to change .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A proposed B.C. law would allow municipal officials to enter homes to seize unauthorized and possibly anti-Olympic signs on short notice , civil libertarians say .
Violators could be fined up to $ 10,000 a day and jailed up to six months , the B.C. Civil Liberties Association said Friday .
The proposed law was introduced Thursday as a bill to amend the Municipalities Enabling and Validating Act .
The government said in a statement that the changes will " provide the municipalities of Vancouver , Richmond and Whistler with temporary enforcement powers to enable them to swiftly remove illegal signs and graffiti during the 2010 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games .
"
" The legislation does not change the existing scope of authority to regulate signs and graffiti .
Rather , it provides , on a temporary basis , a faster way of removing signs and graffiti that violate municipal bylaws during the short period the Games are underway .
" Bill Bennett , the minister of community and rural development , said that given the short duration of the Olympics , the cities of Richmond , Whistler , and Vancouver must be able to enforce their own bylaws quickly .
" That to me seems like a reasonable thing to do when you 've got the Olympic games lasting 20 - odd days , " Bennett said .
" You 've got the potential for some businesses to try and exploit the games logo without having paid for the rights to do that .
I think its a reasonable thing for communities to want to remove those kinds of signs , and to remove them before then end of the Olympic Games .
" Civil rights group concerned
But that explanation did n't sit well with civil liberties advocates , who said that if the law passes , municipalities would need to enact their own bylaws to take advantage of their new powers , and that the new powers go further than the government suggests , particularly in Vancouver .
The city passed the Vancouver 2010 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games bylaw in June to restrict the distribution and exhibition of unapproved advertising material and signs in any Olympic area during the Games .
City officials have said the law is intended to clamp down on so - called ambush marketing , and it includes an exception for celebratory signs , which are defined as those that celebrate the 2010 Winter Games and create or add to the festive atmosphere .
But legal experts say the definition of an unapproved sign is open to interpretation .
The B.C. Civil Liberties Association has been warning for several months that the vague wording might be used against anti-Olympic signs or promotions for anti-Olympic events or material .
And under the bill introduced Thursday , the maximum fine for violations would rise to $ 10,000 a day from $ 50 , and a jail term of six months , the association said .
As well , city officials would only have to give notice of 24 hours , rather than two weeks , before entering a property to remove a sign .
"
If Vancouver acts on this provision , people will be risking $ 10,000 - a- day fines and six months in jail just to criticize the Olympics , " Robert Holmes , the president of the civil liberties group , said in statement .
" Six months in jail is usually reserved for criminals who have a record of several convictions for breaking and entering , " Holmes said .
" Telling people who exercise free speech that local authorities may barge in , rip down signs inside your property , fine you or throw you in jail will underscore the growing impression that our governments care more about their own camera appearances at Olympic events than about people 's rights , " Holmes said .
Court challenge launchedEarlier this week , the association helped two anti-Olympics activists launch a legal challenge of Vancouver 's 2010 Olympics bylaw in B.C. Supreme Court , claiming it was an unconstitutional restriction on free speech .
Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson says he 's still studying the issue .
" Certainly , groups such as civil liberties have the right to challenge the laws , the bylaws that are made , so we 'll respect that process and hopefully it makes those laws stronger and more reasonable , " Robertson said .
The association is suspicious of the timing of the provincial bill 's introduction so close to the Olympic games , which have been planned for years .
"
We 've seen them timing things so that they do n't put in place laws that are special to the Olympics until the last minute , " Holmes said .
" And part of that leads to the suspicion that they 've done it in a calculated and deliberate way , to remove the ability of the courts , and people who might want to take it to court , to have their rights protected .
"
Anti-Olympic activists involved in the legal challenge have also said they and their family and friends are being subject to unreasonable harassment and surveillance by the Olympic security unit .
Officials at Intel , the world 's largest maker of semiconductor chips , are convening a high - level conference in Washington next month .
Pictured : Intel Corp. CEO Paul Otellini .
U.S. in need of tech reboot
For years , the U.S. was a pioneer , the renowned home of Yankee ingenuity .
The United States put the first man on the moon and invented the light bulb .
The country gave the world the daring Wright brothers , billionaire computer genius Bill Gates , Google and the iPod .
But lately , experts say , the U.S. ’s creative streak has sputtered .
Today , it has gone from being the No. 1 innovative country in the world to No. 6 and has made less progress in international competiveness and innovation than 40 other nations and regions measured in the past decade .
Advertisement
Concerned about the failure to innovate — and convinced that it is the key to a vibrant economy — officials at Intel , the world ’s largest maker of semiconductor chips , are convening a high - level conference in Washington next month .
There , Obama administration officials , high - tech gurus , NGOs , corporate titans and academics will share ideas on how to spur economic recovery through innovation .
“ You need to create circumstances that encourage risk - taking and entrepreneurship , ” said Peter Cleveland , Intel ’s vice president of government relations .
He said the conference will explore what skills U.S. workers need to compete in industries of the future , including green technologies , and will tackle how to foster creativity , make scientific investments a priority and encourage cooperation between the public and private sectors .
Industry ’s focus on innovation as a key to the future dovetails with White House thinking , and several senior administration officials will participate in the conference , including top economic adviser Larry Summers , Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Austan Goolsbee , staff director and chief economist on the president ’s economic recovery board .
Other scheduled participants include America Online founder Steve Case ; Jeff Immelt , the chairman and CEO of General Electric ; D.C. Public Schools chief Michelle Rhee ; and Joel Klein , chancellor of the New York City Department of Education .
In February , when consultants at Mc­Kinsey & Co. asked executives how the government should spend federal stimulus funds , 59 percent answered , “ fostering innovation and potential new industries . ”
Verizon CEO
Ivan Seidenberg echoed that sentiment last week when he proclaimed “ investment and innovation has never been more important than it is right now . ”
“ In the face of a global recession , economies all over the world are looking for ways to become smarter , more productive and more competitive , ” he said at a broadband industry conference in Chicago .
“ The key to a smart economy is smart technology that can change business models and change society . ”
President Barack Obama embraced the same message last month when he outlined the “ groundwork and the ground rules to best tap our innovative potential . ”
Building on more than $ 100 billion in stimulus funding , he promised to invest more in research , promote policies that foster entrepreneurship and provide federal backing for clean energy , advanced vehicles and health care technology .
“ By 2020 , America will once again have the highest proportion of college graduates in the world , ” Obama said .
“ We used to be No. 1 . We should be No. 1 again . ”
That , however , is a formidable challenge .
Tight credit markets have driven companies to stash away cash , cut wages and lay off workers .
Companies in Standard & Poor ’s 500 index chopped 5 percent of their research and development costs and 25 percent of capital expenditures between the end of the third quarter last year and the second quarter of this year , according to the index .
To match Finland ’s investment in technology programs on a per capita basis , the U.S. would need to invest $ 33 billion each year , said Robert Atkinson , president of the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation .
Today , the U.S. spends about $ 2 billion .
“ In reality , innovation is not manna from heaven , ” he said .
“ It ’s human made and influenced by policy . ”
Many experts believe that policy imperative begins with investing more in education .
Over the past decade , numerous studies show , the United States has failed to raise math and science test scores , and students in several Asian countries consistently score higher in both subjects .
Economic turmoil often breeds technological breakthroughs .
During the Depression , DuPont invented nylon , which paved the way for parachutes and toothbrushes .
The dot - com bubble burst in 2001 , but that same year , Apple introduced the iPod .
The hope is that history will repeat itself .
Intel Chairman Craig Barrett has been repeating the company ’s mantra : “ You ca n’t save your way out of a recession . ”
In February , Intel CEO Paul Otellini announced plans to spend $ 7 billion to build advanced manufacturing plants in Oregon , Arizona and New Mexico .
The company funded mini-documentaries produced by PBS ’s “ NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ” that examined the role of innovation in the economy .
Intel and the Aspen Institute also hosted dinner discussions featuring Summers , Energy Secretary Steven Chu and Chief Technology Officer Aneesh Chopra .
The Aspen Institute , the journal “ Democracy ” and PBS are co-hosting the Nov. 30 - Dec. 1 Intel Conference .
Lehrer and PBS correspondents Gwen Ifill and Judy Woodruff will be among the moderators .
“ It was definitely not hard to get people to participate in the conversation , because it ’s on everyone ’s mind , ” said Jamie Miller , Aspen ’s vice president for public programs .
“ You look at the auto industry and places like Detroit , and there ’s a fear that if America ’s not at the cusp of innovation , we will not be able to pick ourselves up and dust ourselves off , ” she said .
Said Atkinson : “ We were ahead so long — really since the ’50s — that we were kind of blind to the threat going on . ”
ISTANBUL ( Reuters ) - The head of the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. said on Sunday that she wanted to end the “ too big to fail ” doctrine and shrink the shadow banking system that operates outside the reach of regulators .
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Chairwoman Sheila Bair speaks during her testimony at the Senate Banking Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington in this July 23 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Larry Downing / Files
FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair , speaking to the Institute of International Finance meeting here , said a U.S. proposal to create the authority to shut down failing systemically important financial firms may need to be extended to insurers and hedge funds .
“ We need to end ‘ too big to fail ’ and this needs to be an overarching policy that applies to everyone , ” Bair said .
Bair said she believed that bank holding companies with subsidiaries that are shut down by regulators also should be made to pay the price of failure by being subject to the same wind - down process .
“ I believe that the new regime should apply to all bank holding companies that are more than just shells and their affiliates regardless or not whether they are considered to be systemic risks , ” she said , adding that including only systemically important firms in the shut - down regime could reinforce the ‘ too big to fail ’ doctrine .
Financial firms subject to systemic risk shutdown authority should likely also be required to publish “ living wills ” -- details on how an orderly wind - down would play out -- on their websites to provide more clarity to shareholders and customers .
And by applying the resolution authority more broadly outside of normal regulated bank holding companies , it would help shrink the shadow banking system by discouraging regulatory arbitrage under which financial firms shop for the most lenient supervisors .
“ If you tighten regulation of the banks even more without dealing with the shadow sector you could make the problem even worse , ” she said .
Bair added that reducing the shadow banking system and regulatory arbitrage is her top priority for the U.S. Congress as it works on legislation to revamp U.S. financial oversight this fall .
She said there were some problems in extending resolution authority beyond banks to insurers and hedge funds , which she called a “ sea change ” in their oversight .
But these could be overcome and it was appropriate to consider including them in the systemic risk resolution authority regulation .
“ If the entity is systemic , that means if the entity gets in trouble it could create problems for the rest of us , ” she said .
Bair added that the FDIC is talking with the American Securitization Forum , a financial trade group , and others regarding the agency securitizing some of the assets that it has taken over from failed banks in order to help jumpstart U.S. securitization markets .
( Additional reporting by Steven Slater in Istanbul , Editing by Ruth Pitchford )
Google profits beat analysts ' expectations
Google has reported its highest quarterly profit , suggesting that the internet advertising market is bouncing back from the recession .
Google reported net profit of $ 1.64bn ( £ 1 bn ) between July and September , up 27 % on the same period a year ago .
" The worst of the recession is clearly behind us , " said Google chief executive Eric Schmidt .
US computer giant IBM also reported strong profits of $ 3.2bn for the period , up 14 % on a year earlier .
The company also delivered a more optimistic forecast for full year earnings .
Management said they too were seeing some stabilisation in the overall economic environment .
' New advertising ' Revenue at Google for the three - month period came in at $ 4.38bn , which was well ahead of analysts ' expectations of $ 4.24 bn .
Google has no competition .
Yahoo is withering on the vine and [ Microsoft's ]
Bing is too tiny now
Colin Gillis , Brigantine Advisors " Because of what we have seen , we now have the confidence to be optimistic about our future , " said Mr Schmidt .
The company also announced two new initiatives , including the sales of electronic books through a new electronic editions service .
This would be in direct competition with Amazon and Apple .
Google has also agreed a deal to broadcast programmes from the UK's Channel 4 on its YouTube site .
" People think of online video when they think of YouTube , but now YouTube is trying to bring in movies and longer - form content , which will let [ Google ] bring in new advertising that is going to be very profitable for them , " said respected technology blogger Robert Scoble .
' Spending money '
The internet search engine has weathered the recession better than other advertising - dependent companies , and it was widely expected to be one of the first beneficiaries of an economic recovery .
" Google has no competition .
Yahoo is withering on the vine and [ Microsoft's ]
Bing is too tiny now , " said Colin Gillis , senior analyst at Brigantine Advisors .
" They did great on every single metric .
We think this is sustainable . "
He said the message from the Google management was loud and clear : " Big brand advertisers are back and they are spending money . "
Google 's shares rose $ 16.44 , or 3.1 % , to $ 546.35 in extended trading on Thursday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I 've often made the point that one of the issues that needs to be addressed more in discussions of the paranormal is the negative nature ...
As I entered the television studio , Aerosmith was blaring over speakers and the familiar set of The Daily Show stood empty .
As can be expected , it looked much smaller in person , but everyone was excited regardless .
A mixture of tourists , students and others filed in around an hour before shooting was to start .
I noticed there were a few keffiyeh ’s wrapped around some shoulders , a couple " Shalom " pins , and one cowboy hat covered in a huge Code Pink anti-war sticker .
This was because of tonight ’s guests – Dr. Mustafa Barghouti and Anna Baltzer .
We were there to watch the struggle for Palestinian equal rights go prime time .
Throughout the day I had been hearing through the grapevine that The Daily Show was having second thoughts about doing the show as they had been getting pressure to cancel it .
I sat towards the front , all the way to the left of the stage .
In front of me was a pretty glamourous trio of three young people .
The man directly in front of me wore his hair slicked back and a tailored black suit , while the woman he came in with was wrapped in a faux fur jacket that they promised would n’t bite .
The third guy in their party had a shaved head and I noticed his jeans had a patch with an Israeli flag on it .
In the pre-show tension it stood out , but it was the kind of thing you see everyday .
Slowly the studio filled up , and a warm up comedian came out to get the crowd going .
Soon thereafter , Jon Stewart came out himself to take some pre-show questions .
He seems to be as naturally funny as he appears on the show , and he answered questions about whether he had ever done the show stoned ( no answer ) , or if Comedy Central ever exerts editorial control over the show ( answer :
Have you seen the things they show on this network ? ) .
Then the last question : " Jon , what do you think about the Israeli / Palestinian conflict ? "
He kind of rolled his eyes , as if to say here we go , and said that this show had been different than shows in the past because they usually have to wait until after the show to get calls complaining , but this time the calls started beforehand .
He said whenever he gets calls about Israel / Palestine , from either side , he treats them like calls from his grandmother ( and he mimicked holding the phone away from his ear as he went about his business ) .
The crowd laughed .
It was time to start the show .
The first two segments of the show were classic Daily Show .
The first dealt with the health care debate and how the single payer option refuses to die .
The crowd went wild as Stewart eviscerated Fox ’s slanted coverage , and the Democrats mealy response to the progressive groundswell .
The bit ended with an extended joke at Joe Lieberman ’s expense where the crowd booed his name and the howled at Stewart ’s droopy dog impersonation .
The second segment featured contributor John Hodgeman ( of mac / pc commercial fame ) doing a parody of a corporate idea man who is looking to rehabilitate the country ’s CEO ’s as their popularity continues to plummet during the recession .
Pitchforks were out as corporations continue to avoid accountability and get one over on taxpayers through government bailouts .
All in all , both were a near perfect reflection of a progressive base in the US frustrated by Obama and raring for a fight .
Finally , it was time for the Barghouti / Baltzer interview .
Until I saw them walking on stage I expected that it would be canceled and we ’d get some last minute fill in instead , but there they were .
The interview ran nearly 15 minutes and it was clear it would have to be edited down to air it .
The full interview is posted above , and it is well worth watching the whole thing .
Right off the bat it was clear this would be a historic moment :
Baltzer : " We ’re part of a large movement of Palestinian and Jews working together .
This is not new or novel . "
Barghouti : " Jewish Americans have been in the avant garde struggling for justice , in this country at least , and for democracy and in this particular case it is just normal that people like Anna are with us because we are struggling for liberty , we ’re struggling for freedom , we ’re struggling for justice . "
Then , as Dr. Barghouti said that Palestinians have been subjected to a system of segregation , the man with slicked back hair sitting directly in front of me pulled a Joe Wilson and yelled " Liar ! " ( it ’s at 1:49 of the first part of the interview ) .
Dr. Barghouti was unfazed and explained his reason for working with Anna – " It ’s just natural to have an alliance of people who believe in the same values . "
He returned to this theme of values several times and applause grew every time .
He finally made it clear what the Palestinians are calling for – equal rights .
Over the next few minutes he mentioned the names of leaders in whose footsteps he ’s following – Martin Luther King Jr , Gandhi and Nelson Mandela .
With each passing mention the trio in front of me squirmed in their seats , and most of the rest of the audience grew more excited .
I think Stewart did a reasonable job with the interview .
Although the version that ran on air made it look like he dominated the conversation , in fact he gave the speakers plenty of time to make their points .
When he gave them the obligatory question on Israel ’s security , Baltzer hit it out of the park :
There is nothing defensive about denying Palestinians water .
There is nothing defensive about preventing people from having materials to build their homes .
So many of the institutions that I understood to be defensive cannot be justified by security anymore .
Building a wall between Palestinians and Palestinians ?
This was too much for " Slick " in front of me to take , and he burst out again .
You can hear him in the background at 7:47 of the first clip .
He was escorted from the studio at 8:11 where he was belittled by Stewart ( " Bye sir , you can , uh , certainly visit our sedar " ) .
The crowd laughed and cheered as he was led away , and his faux fur clad friend was truly perplexed both by what Baltzer was saying ( " Why is she saying that ?
What is she saying ? " ) , as well as the crowd ’s overwhelming support for the speakers .
I do n’t want to recount the whole interview , you can watch it .
I have to say , I was blown away .
Although I was laughing out loud for the first two segments , I was on the verge of tears throughout the interview .
Here was a Palestinian leader demanding equal rights and an anti-Zionist Jew calling for boycott , divestment and sanctions to pressure Israel towards peace on The Daily Show and they were being applauded , while the traditional pro-Israel hasbara was being shown the door .
Palestinian equal rights was placed directly next to health care and the economy on The Daily Show ’s progressive agenda and the audience was totally along for the ride .
I could hardly believe my eyes , and yet it made perfect sense at the same time .
Who can argue that it is necessary to deny people water ?
Who can argue against equal rights ?
The answer is increasingly no one , and if The Daily Show ’s audience is any indication , the next generation will be leading this fight in a much different direction .
For as long as I can remember I have been a passive person by nature , at times unable to express my true beliefs and feelings for fear of causing offence or sparking a quarrel .
Seeing this process at work must be bizarre and entertaining to those many people who speak their mind candidly and often bashfully .
The one occasion at which this can be seen at its most hilarious and pathetic is when Jehovah ’s Witnesses call by for a chat .
I am not in opposition to religion and I am completely open to the concept of an intelligent creator , but what I am not open to is conversion .
My beliefs are independent and shall remain such .
On this particular morning I was nettled after losing an important memory stick in a tangled clutter of cables and other electrical equipment , eventually halting the search after coming to the conclusion that said memory stick was now forever lost in the Bermuda Triangle that is my abode .
I returned downstairs with a fresh memory stick to recopy some files , feed myself and hit my morning dose of caffeine .
Seconds after passing the front door , a heavy knock followed .
Under normal circumstances
I would have ignored it but , now caught in clear view of the window , I felt compelled to answer .
I opened the door to find two men stood , one of which was taking refuge behind a wall whilst the other acknowledged my presence by forcing a leaflet under my nose and reciting his “ conversion speech ” , beginning with the question : “ Do you want peace on earth ? ” .
I am informed that the majority of people confronted by religious canvassers simply request politely that they leave and then happily continue with their daily routine .
I , however , cannot do this .
I feel obliged to listen and find it difficult to rudely interrupt .
I allowed the elderly gentleman to continue , perhaps even pitying him somewhat .
After handing me an assortment of magazines he left , satisfied and content in believing that he had saved another soul from eternal damnation and suffering .
I returned to the kitchen to find my files transferred and my kettle boiled .
To be truthful , I was grateful for the company .
:: Andrew also writes at The Robed Scribe : :
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
Divorce Attorneys in Texas
A Positive Approach To Family Law
When you are facing difficult family law issues , you need a lawyer who will aggressively protect your rights while working toward positive solutions that benefit you and your children .
At the law firm of Richard T. Bell & Associates , P.C. , in Sugar Land , Texas , we know that no two legal situations are the same .
We provide legal solutions tailored to your specific needs .
For a consultation , call 832-500-7568 or contact our Sugar Land law firm online .
Toughness , Dedication And Compassion
At Richard T. Bell & Associates , P.C. , our Sugar Land divorce lawyer takes time to understand the circumstances of your case and takes immediate steps to protect your rights and interests .
You will find both toughness and compassion as we work with you to ease your concerns , explain the legal process and help you make difficult decisions .
The companies we work with come in all shapes and sizes , from accounting firms to professional mobile cat grooming services .
We always take the time to look at all courses a case can take , preparing our clients and putting their interests first .
Given that we are a small firm , we are able to manage our caseload and give each client and case the attention they deserve .
Sugar Land divorce lawyer Richard T. Bell has been guiding families through the marital dissolution process for more than 15 years .
Mr. Bell is dedicated to resolving family law disputes as amicably as possible .
Read more about why to hire Rick .
As a dedicated divorce and family law attorney , Mr. Bell will answer your questions and help you make important decisions about your divorce decree .
Read answers to some frequently asked questions about divorce .
Contact A Katy Child Support Attorney With All Your Family Law Concerns
Ending a marriage or going through a family law issue can be very stressful .
You can rely on Sugar Land family law and divorce attorney Richard T. Bell to provide compassionate counsel in the office and aggressive advocacy in the courtroom .
To schedule a consultation , call 832-500-7568 or contact us online .
Written by the Office of Richard T. Bell
Holy crap .
Detectives are still interviewing a Johns Hopkins University student who fatally lacerated the upper body of a man breaking into his off - campus residence overnight .
The suspect also suffered a nearly - severed hand , and was pronounced dead at the scene .
Advertisement
The house is home to four undergrads who had already had a Sony PlayStation and two laptops stolen earlier on Monday .
So when one of the students heard noises at about 1 am , he went to downstairs to investigate armed with the sword .
He saw that the side door to their garage had been pried open , and inside , the suspect lunged at him .
Advertisement
The guy probably did n't deserve to die , but Police have confirmed he has priors for breaking and entering .
Self defense or too much force ?
It 's hard to say without being there .
One things for sure :
Do n't fuck with gamers .
[ Baltimore Sun and ABC2 News ]
Thanks Joshua !
BitTorrent Inc. is about to launch a completely improved implementation of the BitTorrent protocol that will benefit both users and ISPs .
uTorrent 2.0 , which is currently being tested by thousands of people , will eliminate the need for ISPs to throttle or stop BitTorrent traffic , and will optimize the download experience for its users .
ISPs have been throttling BitTorrent traffic for years already .
Although the true reasons for this are not always clear , some ISPs have argued that a high number of BitTorrent connections are slowing down other applications and traffic .
In early 2007 , when network neutrality was still a non-issue for most people , BitTorrent inventor Bram Cohen told us that ISPs should find a way to cope with BitTorrent .
“ ISPs have to invest in making their networks better and faster rather than stifling applications which consumers use and love , ” he said , while encouraging users to switch to non throttling ISPs if possible , or complain to their ISP ’s customer services .
A lot of things have changed in the years that followed .
Comcast started to prevent its users from seeding content on BitTorrent , and many other ISPs took similar actions to throttle BitTorrent traffic .
As a direct result , network neutrality was placed on the political agenda in many countries .
It also inspired BitTorrent Inc. to look for solutions that would eliminate the need for throttling entirely , solving the problem at its root .
This is where uTP comes in .
uTP is a new and improved implementation of the BitTorrent protocol which is designed to be network friendly .
The current implementation often causes interference with other applications , which is the main reason why ISPs try to slow it down , or even stop it altogether .
uTP aims to solve this problem .
With uTP , uTorrent ( and the Mainline client ) will become network aware by throttling itself if congestion in the network is detected .
This will have a huge impact on ISP networks according to Simon Morris , BitTorrent ’s VP of Product Management .
“ If uTP is successful it should result in a multi-billion dollar windfall in terms of savings for ISPs , ” Morris told TorrentFreak
This means that the new uTorrent will eliminate the need for ISPs to throttle BitTorrent traffic in their networks .
Of course , uTorrent users will also be affected by the new protocol .
When needed , uTorrent will decrease the upload or download speed to avoid congestion .
According to Morris it ’s mainly the upload speed that will be affected .
“ The throttling that matters most is actually not so much the download but rather the upload – as bandwidth is normally much lower UP than DOWN , the up - link will almost always get congested before the down - link does , ” he explained .
“ uTP measures the time a packet takes to get sent from peer A to peer B , so in theory uTP will detect congestion anywhere on that path , although in practice the congestion most often happens somewhere on the first - mile uplink connection . ”
So does this mean that the new uTorrent will result in slower download times ?
Not necessarily .
Since there is less congestion , uTorrent users will experience no slowdowns in web - browsing , and ideally less congestion and a more efficient use of the network may result in faster download speeds .
uTP is currently being tested in uTorrent v2.0 beta and thus far none of the testers have reported any significant problems .
“ There are already a couple of hundred thousand people using our v2.0 beta client , and things seem to be progressing very nicely .
Our v2.0 client will initiate outgoing uTP connections by default whenever it can .
Previous versions of our clients will accept incoming uTP connections – they just wo n’t initiate them , ” Morris said .
“ We ’re excited that this creates a better experience for millions of consumers , and it also potentially has a massive impact on ISPs – greatly reducing ( even eliminating ) any justification to manage or shape BitTorrent traffic and allowing ISP networks to handle more BitTorrent traffic , without resulting congestion forcing capital network upgrades ahead of schedule or the ‘ need ’ to invest in DPI or other traffic shaping gear . ”
It is hard to tell if uTP really is BitTorrent ’s savior ( some highly doubt it ) , but if it lives up to the expectations it will be beneficial to both users and ISPs .
The specs for uTP will eventually be open so other clients will have the opportunity to implement it too .
However , since uTorrent and the Mainline client together are used by two thirds of all BitTorrent users , the effects should be immediately noticeable to both those users and ISPs .
This process requires honest give - and - take and genuine bipartisanship .
In that spirit , we have come together to put forward proposals that address legitimate concerns among Democrats and Republicans and the other constituencies with stakes in this legislation .
We ’re looking for a new beginning , informed by the work of our colleagues and legislation that is already before Congress .
First , we agree that climate change is real and threatens our economy and national security .
That is why we are advocating aggressive reductions in our emissions of the carbon gases that cause climate change .
We will minimize the impact on major emitters through a market - based system that will provide both flexibility and time for big polluters to come into compliance without hindering global competitiveness or driving more jobs overseas .
Second , while we invest in renewable energy sources like wind and solar , we must also take advantage of nuclear power , our single largest contributor of emissions - free power .
Nuclear power needs to be a core component of electricity generation if we are to meet our emission reduction targets .
We need to jettison cumbersome regulations that have stalled the construction of nuclear plants in favor of a streamlined permit system that maintains vigorous safeguards while allowing utilities to secure financing for more plants .
We must also do more to encourage serious investment in research and development to find solutions to our nuclear waste problem .
Third , climate change legislation is an opportunity to get serious about breaking our dependence on foreign oil .
For too long , we have ignored potential energy sources off our coasts and underground .
Even as we increase renewable electricity generation , we must recognize that for the foreseeable future we will continue to burn fossil fuels .
To meet our environmental goals , we must do this as cleanly as possible .
The United States should aim to become the Saudi Arabia of clean coal .
For this reason , we need to provide new financial incentives for companies that develop carbon capture and sequestration technology .
In addition , we are committed to seeking compromise on additional onshore and offshore oil and gas exploration  work that was started by a bipartisan group in the Senate last Congress .
Any exploration must be conducted in an environmentally sensitive manner and protect the rights and interests of our coastal states .
Remarks by Ben Bernanke come days after US government reported a $ 1.42tn deficit for the year
Ben Bernanke , the Federal Reserve chairman , today called for the United States to whittle down its record - high budget deficits and for countries like China to get their consumers to spend more , moves that would help combat skewed global trade and investment flows that contributed to the financial crisis .
Bernanke 's remarks to a Fed conference in Santa Barbara , California comes just days after the federal government on Friday reported a $ 1.42tn deficit for 2009 budget year that ended on 30 September .
The previous year 's deficit was $ 459bn .
The Fed chief 's comments were aimed at reducing global imbalances , and echo pledges made by leaders of the Group of 20 nations at their summit in Pittsburgh last month .
" As the global economy recovers and trade volumes rebound , however , global imbalances my reassert themselves , " Bernanke warned .
For the United States ' part , " the most effective way " to boost national savings in this country " is by establishing a sustainable fiscal trajectory , anchored by a clear commitment to substantially reduce federal deficits over time , " Bernanke said .
He did n't suggest ways to do so .
And , for trade surplus countries like China and most Asian economies , they need to get their consumers to spend more and rely less on export - led growth , Bernanke said .
" In large part , such action should focus on boosting consumption , " Bernanke said .
The bulk of Bernanke 's remarks largely offered a scholarly assessment of Asia and how it fared during the global financial crisis , the focus of the Fed 's conference .
The Fed chief did n't discuss the state of the US economy or the future course of interest rates .
Bernanke and his colleagues last month held a key bank lending rate at an all - time low near zero and pledged to hold it there for an " extended period " .
Many economists believe that means through the rest of this year and into next year .
Deciding when to boost interest rates and reel in the unprecedented amount of money ploughed into the US economy will be one of the biggest challenges facing the Fed in the coming months .
Remove the supports too soon and the recovery could be derailed .
Leave the supports in place for too long risks unleashing inflation .
In terms of the world economy , " Asia appears to be leading the global recovery , " Bernanke said .
" Recent data from the region suggest that a strong rebound is , in fact , under way . "
Many economists predict the US economy — the epicentre of the financial crisis — started growing again in the third quarter at a pace of at least 3 percent , and is still expanding in the current quarter .
Economic activity contracted in the second quarter at an annualised rate of 0.7 % , marking a record four straight quarters of decline .
[ digg - reddit - me ] Andrew Sullivan postulates that there is a “ silver lining ” to the “ right ’s apoplexy ” in that it has moved the Republican Party away from its christianist social policies to a focus on economic libertarianism .
I ’m far from convinced by this argument however – as my impression is that the real impetus behind the opposition to Obama is n’t economic as much as cultural .
Concern about the size of government and the deficits do n’t seem to be strongly related to either the size of government or deficits , but about who is in power .
Ronald Reagan ballooned the size of the deficit and enlarged the size of government , yet is beloved by those who now ( and in 1992 ) claimed to be very concerned about the role of government and deficits .
George W. Bush had strong support from the right during his term , and I do n’t recall any Tea Party Protests during his watch – yet he presided over ridiculous deficits and an expansion of the government in every direction , from national security matters to health care ( Medicare Part D ) to the financial and automotive sectors to the tens of thousands of small pork projects .
Yet suddenly , a liberal becomes president – a moderate , pragmatic liberal who seems genuinely focused on reducing the mid- and long - term deficits – and Tea Parties erupt to protest all the programs he ’s running ( which he inherited ) .
It seems outright naive to attribute these protests to a rejuvenation of economic conservatism – especially given the “ hot button ” issues that arise : government - sponsored ( and maybe forced ! ) abortion and euthanasia and illegal immigrants getting health care .
I know that Sullivan is n’t this naive – he ’s just looking for the silver lining .
But I do n’t think one is there .
The protests are n’t about the size of government or its role ; they are a viceral response to the fact that a liberal now runs the government .
That frustration is rooted in cultural and social issues , rather than economic ones .
Which is why deficit politics only becomes powerful when Democrats are in control of the White House .
[ Image by Steve Rhodes licensed under Creative Commons . ]
Like Loading ...
Sometimes it can be useful to compile Python code for Amazon ’s Elastic Mapreduce into C++ and then into a binary .
The motivation for that could be to integrate with ( existing ) C or C++ code , or increase performance for CPU - intensive mapper or reducer methods .
Here follows a description how to do that :
Note : if you skip the shedskin - related steps this approach would also work if you are looking for how to use C or C++ mappers or reducers with Elastic Mapreduce .
Note : this approach should probably work also with Cloudera ’s distribution for Hadoop .
Do you need help with Hadoop / Mapreduce ?
A good start could be to read this book , or
Property Rental Management Software - Commodity Rentals
If you are managing five or more rental properties , rental property management software can help you with wide range of records including financial data , income and expense reports , balance sheets as well as general book keeping .
Including collection and deposit of rental payments from tenants each month .
When you choose a software program you want to make the best choice to meet your needs .
Commodityrentals is a global supplier of software to the rental industry that has built a reputation for providing an economical solution that can meet the needs of rental businesses of all types .
At Commodityrentals.com you will find one of the the best property rental software solutions .
Our software product offers a unique combination of PHP and MySQL languages , web application software that is customizable to meet your individual requirements .
Developed by professionals who are not only skilled programmers and computer engineers but also supported with a deep understanding of the rental industry we deliver software and solutions to meet almost every need at an affordable price .
Does Kazakhstan want to increase its nuclear commerce – doing deals with other nations that have mixed records when it comes to weapons proliferation ?
That is a sensitive issue which US intelligence appears to be following closely .
Since it gained independence following the dissolution of the Soviet Union , Kazakhstan has cooperated with the US on key denuclearization activities .
Nuclear weapons stationed on Kazakh territory were returned to Russia and their delivery systems destroyed .
But Kazakhstan is second only to Australia in reserves of uranium .
It has cut a number of nuclear material deals with Russia , China , and other nations .
" Seemingly contrary to its promotion of a peaceful , nuclear weapon - free Central Asia , Kazakhstan foresees itself connected to the nuclear arena , and actively pursues collaborations with other countries in nuclear - related activities , " concludes a new study from the US Director of National Intelligence 's Open Source Center .
The analysis is unclassified and based on published information collected by intelligence analysts .
It was posted on the website of the Federation of American Scientists Project on Government Secrecy .
Kazakhastan 's leader , Nursultan Nazarbaev , has skillfully balanced his country 's relations with the US , the EU , Russia , India , and China , according to the report .
Now Mr. Nazarbaev has said he wants to do more than export raw uranium .
He wants to export more profitable fuel assemblies for nuclear reactors .
Currently , Kazakhstan carries out uranium enrichment activities only in joint ventures with Russia , on Russian soil , with Russian technicians .
" The concerns of the international community regarding the Kazakhstan - Russian enrichment cooperation ... focus on Kazakhstan 's position as a country that may find it attractive to acquire enrichment technology , and Russia 's ability to provide such technology in order to maintain clout in its traditional sphere of influence and retain a resource - rich neighbor , " says the report .
Kazakhstan may be reaching out to cooperate with Iran , a nearby regional power .
And while Nazarbaev has kept a firm grip on power since 1991 , it is unclear who his successor might be .
Plus , the country 's political and economic hierarchy is riddled with corruption , according to the US intelligence report .
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
You can see more of Terry 's Bent Objects at his website , and you can order the book here
Credit : TERRY BORDER / REX FEATURES
The novelist and children 's writer Philip Pullman has been showered with awards that include a CBE , a Carnegie Medal and several honorary professorships .
This week he notched up a new distinction : he is ranked second in the top 10 books that people have tried to ban across America .
Pullman 's fantasy trilogy , His Dark Materials , has leapt to the top of the target list of would - be censors in the new rankings issued this week by the American Library Association .
It tracks cases where individuals or groups have attempted to have books stripped from bookshelves in schools and libraries across the US .
Its newly released rankings for 2008 recorded 513 cases where books were targeted for censorship , of which 74 were successfully banned or restricted .
Pullman 's trilogy was the second most commonly attacked , a result , the ALA believes , of an organised campaign that the anti-defamation group the Catholic League launched against the film version of The Golden Compass .
Several schools across America faced requests from parents to remove the book .
One challenge at a school in Winchester , Kentucky was made on the grounds that the book 's main character drinks wine and eats poppy with her meals .
Another school in Oshkosh , Wisconsin pulled the trilogy because of its " anti-Christian message " .
Reached by the Guardian , Pullman quipped that he was " very glad to be back in the top 10 banned books " .
But he added : " Of course it 's a worry when anybody takes it upon themselves to dictate what people should or should not read .
The power of organised religion is very strong in the US , and getting stronger because of the internet . "
Almost 4,000 attempts to ban books have been recorded over the past eight years , though the ALA believes the figure is a gross understatement .
All cases are voluntarily reported , and many more are likely to go unrecorded , sometimes because librarians have been threatened with dismissal if they sound the alarm .
Most would - be censors are parents concerned about their children 's reading or members of religious groups .
The most common complaint is against books with explicit sexual content or offensive language .
In recent years , the ALA has spotted a growing intolerance towards children 's books that deal with homosexuality - a quality most famously displayed by Sarah Palin who tried in the late 1990s as then mayor of Wasilla in Alaska to have Daddy 's Roommate , a tale about a gay father , removed from the town library .
Three of the top 10 most challenged books in 2008 had gay or lesbian characters , including the single most censored volume , And Tango Makes Three .
The fact that it tells the true story of two gay penguins at the Central Park zoo in New York does not appear to have placated opponents .
Nor does the fact that number eight on the list , Uncle Bobby 's Wedding , features a couple of gay guinea pigs .
Deborah Caldwell - Stone , acting director of the ALA 's office for intellectual freedom that compiles the censorship list , says that children of gay and lesbian couples have found such books valuable .
" Kids with same - sex parents are thrilled to find books in school libraries that reflect their lives .
" That 's why it 's so important to resist censorship .
We believe parents do have the right to dictate their children 's reading , but that right exists for their children alone and should not be extended to others . "
As Pullman 's high ranking shows , religion is another major cause of complaints , and within that an important subset are books featuring witchcraft .
The subject was put in relief this week when Matt Latimer , a former speechwriter for George Bush , alleged in his new memoir of life in the White House that Bush had refused to grant JK Rowling the Presidential Medal of Freedom because her writing " encouraged witchcraft " .
The Harry Potter books have been a mainstay of the ALA 's banned list since the late 1990s ; in Georgia a Christian missionary is still waging a one - woman battle to have them removed from all state schools .
In the 2008 top 10 , two separate volumes were objected to on groups of witchcraft or satanism - Scary Stories and Bless Me , Ultima .
In many cases , the censorship bids are lodged by fundamentalist Christian groups that take the Bible 's admonition to fight witchcraft literally .
Some of the most cherished books in the American literary cannon have fallen foul of censorship rows by dint of their language or sexual content .
Titles that have made it to the ALA 's banned list in recent years include JD Salinger 's The Catcher in the Rye ( it includes many " fucks " ) ; John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men ( for its strong language and political message that riles conservatives ) ; and The Colour Purple by Alice Walker ( people have objected to its homosexual theme and offensive language ) .
The left is as capable of censoring as the right .
A regular entry is The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn which anti-racists have tried to ban on grounds that Mark Twain uses the word " nigger " .
As for Pullman , he confidently expects to be back in the top 10 next year .
His forthcoming book , a novel for adults , is called The Good Man Jesus and the Scoundrel Christ .
SIYAWOOSHAN VILLAGE , Afghanistan —
Thousands wept as Ghulam Yahya Akbari , rebel commander extraordinaire , was laid to rest beside the mosque that he had built in Paichenar , near his native village of Siyawooshan , in Herat Province .
Women wailed from the rooftops , as a long procession of over 5,000 accompanied his body to the grave site .
Yahya was killed in a raid by U.S. and Afghan forces on Oct.
8 . For the past year he had been the target of numerous American efforts to neutralize him and his fighters , who , by most accounts , never numbered more than 200 .
But until he found himself firmly in U.S. sights , Yahya was just one of many rebel commanders in western Afghanistan , little known outside his native Gozara district .
Repeated U.S. assassination attempts conferred upon him a certain notoriety .
He did not belong to the Pashtun majority , and was dubbed “ the Tajik Taliban ” by the media .
But Yahya was not a Taliban commander ; still less was he a global jihadist .
He was a disgruntled former civil servant who decided to rebel against his former employer — the government .
He supported himself by kidnapping businessmen for ransom , and occasionally fired rockets at the airport or the nearby U.N. base .
He did share characteristics of the Taliban — a strict interpretation of Islam and an aversion to foreign forces on Afghan soil .
Perhaps because of this , he has been linked to every insurgent group from Hezb - e - Islami to Al Qaeda , although he always insisted he was acting on his own .
“ We call Ghulam Yahya Akbari an insurgent leader as he seemed to temporarily affiliate himself with other organizations , ” said Capt .
Elizabeth Mathias , media spokesperson for the U.S. Forces Afghanistan .
“ Yahya was a significant destabilizing force in western Afghanistan , attacking ISAF and Afghan security forces and Afghan civilians almost equally . ”
But for his many supporters , Yahya was not a rebel , he was a crusader .
“ Ghulam Yahya was against the murdering foreigners who have occupied our country , ” said Amrullah , a young resident of Siyawooshan , while tears streamed down his face .
“ They promised prosperity , but all they did was set Afghans fighting each other . ”
Yahya was no Mullah Omar ; he had little military influence outside his home district of Gozara .
Indeed , he was afforded respect in many circles : Even Dr. Abdullah Abdullah , Karzai ’s main rival for president , called Yahya “ an honest mujahed ” during a campaign stop in Herat in July .
A relative newcomer to the insurgency , Yahya was a government employee up until three years ago .
He had been a mujaheddin fighter during the war against the Soviets , forging a close bond with powerful commander Ismail Khan .
When Khan took over as governor of Herat in the early 1990s , he made Yahya mayor of the city .
The Taliban victory in 1995 put a sudden end to that job , and Yahya fled to Iran .
A few years later he was back , fighting the Taliban .
After the U.S. - led invasion routed the fundamentalists , Ismail Khan resumed his status as “ Emir of the West , ” and installed his comrade - in - arms as head of the Department of Public Works in Herat .
This came at a time when the wily Khan was pulling in close to $ 1 million per week collecting customs duties from trucks entering Afghanistan through Iran and Turkmenistan .
Most of that money stayed in the province , and Herat , under Khan and Yahya , became one the most highly developed cities in the country .
Heratis enjoyed 24 - hour electricity when most Kabul dwellers were in the dark six nights out of seven .
But Ismail Khan was called to the capital in 2004 , and made Minister of Energy .
Yahya did not get along with Khan 's replacement as governor , Sayed Hussain Anwari , so in 2006 Yahya was fired as mayor .
This was enough to set the volatile Yahya on a collision course with the government and the foreign forces .
He took up arms , formed his own militia and established control of his home district of Gozara , just a dozen or so kilometers from Herat City .
While some chafed under his strict rule , he was respected , even admired , for bringing security to a troubled area .
A devout Muslim , he enforced Sharia law , but a kinder , gentler version than the Taliban’s .
Herat Mayor
( Courtesy of the Institute for War and Peace Reporting )
“ He does not make problems if we watch television or play music , ” said Ahmad , who lives in Siyawooshan district .
“ But if he catches us watching porn , we are punished severely . ”
This was entirely in character .
As mayor in the 1990s , he was famous for the harsh penalties he inflicted on merchants who exceeded government - imposed price ceilings .
He would force them to stand in public thoroughfares with one ear nailed to a board .
This may have angered the merchants , but it delighted their customers .
“ There were a lot of butchers and bakers with holes in their ears , ” laughed one resident .
He was not above a bit of bravado .
In January 2009 , he claimed responsibility for an attack on a helicopter full of Afghan Army officers , though even the Afghan government says the aircraft crashed into a mountain in heavy fog .
In February 2009 , the U.S. - led coalition forces attacked Yahya’s “ suspected hideout ” and promptly announced success .
“ A coalition forces precision strike targeted Ghulam Yahya Akbari , a key insurgent commander … ” read a U.S. military press release issued on Feb. 17 .
“ Killed in the attack were up to 15 militants suspected of associating with Yahya . ”
Within minutes of the attack , Yahya was on the phone to reporters , insisting that he and his men were fine .
Instead , the “ precision strike ” hit an encampment of nomadic Kuchis who had pitched their tents nearby .
Days later , the U.S. military acknowledged its mistake , though it still blamed Yahya .
“ This is not the first time the insurgents have taken cover behind innocent civilians , ” said Lt. - Col .
Walter Matthews , media spokesman for the U.S. Forces in Afghanistan .
The military could not explain how Yahya , who at the time was sitting at home waiting for a mechanic to come fix his car , could have been “ taking cover ” among a mobile community that happened to pitch their tents a few hundred yards from his compound .
An officer with the International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) later admitted privately that the strike had been “ a failure of intelligence . ”
Yahya was not in hiding then .
" > Journalists in Herat had free access to him , and an Al Jazeera reporter had interviewed him in his home just days before the attack .
But after February , Yahya went on the move , and restricted his dealings with the media to telephone conversations .
The U.S. military kept trying to kill him even while the new governor of Herat , Ahmad Yusuf Nooristani , who replaced Anwari in early 2009 , was trying to bring Yahya in from the cold .
“ I tried a lot to get him to just stop fighting , ” Nooristani said .
“ I told him ‘ Look , we wo n’t bother you .
Just lay down your arms .
Think of yourself and your family . ’ ”
Yahya was the father of 12 sons , one of whom , Zekirya , was killed in August , at the age of 25 .
In September , radio stations on Herat began broadcasting announcements that the U.S. forces and the Afghan government had placed a price on Yahya ’s head — 5 million afghani ( or $ 100,000 ) for information leading to his capture or death .
Both the Afghan government and the U.S. forces denied placing the ad , but it ran for weeks nonetheless .
Perhaps the announcement paid off .
The U.S. forces will not say how they learned of Yahya ’s whereabouts , in the mountains near Siyawooshan where he made his last stand .
On Thursday , Oct. 8 , two helicopter gunships filled with U.S. and Afghan troops attacked Yahya ’s base .
There was fierce resistance , and Yahya , along with 22 of his men , was killed .
His 16 - year - old son , Mohammad Akbar , was present during the battle .
“ I carried my father on my shoulders and hid him , so the foreigners would not take his body , ” he said .
A Kuchi woman in the area helped Akbar , wrapping the body in an old canvas and hid it in her tent .
She also claimed the boy as her own when U.S. forces tried to arrest him .
One eyewitness described the exchange .
“ This Kuchi woman screamed ‘ where are you taking my son ? ’ and then the U.S. forces left him , ” said the man , who did not want to give his name .
No one can predict what consequences the loss of Yahya will have for the security situation in Herat , which has been deteriorating rapidly .
Capt .
Mathias declined to speculate , but Brig .
Gen. Rosario Castellano , ISAF commander for the Western Region , said that it would have a positive effect .
“ ( Yahya ) was a very dangerous man , ” he said .
Engineer Abdurrahman Salahi , a political analyst in Herat , while expressing regret at Yahya ’s death , said that it was nevertheless necessary .
“ If the government and foreign forces want to bring security to the province , they have to conduct these kinds of operations , ” he said .
Others are not so sure .
“ The government cannot guarantee that by killing this commander , security will improve , ” said Ahmad Shah , 35 , a resident of Herat .
“ There are many other groups fighting against the government in Gozara and other districts . ”
For now , Yahya ’s men vow to fight on .
“ Until our last breath we will carry out Yahya ’s wishes , ” said one , who did not want to give his name .
“ That is , expelling the foreign forces from Afghanistan . ”
Inspiring Comic Day
One of my favorite days of the year .
Part of the Series The Public Intellectual
This article is drawn from Henry A. Giroux ’s book , Youth in a Suspect Society , which has just been published by Palgrave / McMillan .
This is the second in a series of articles that will address issues raised in the book .
The shift to a society now governed through crime , market - driven values and the politics of disposability has radically transformed the public school as a site for a civic and critical education .
One major effect can be seen in the increasingly popular practice of organizing schools through disciplinary practices that closely resemble the culture of prisons .
[ 1 ]
For instance , many public schools , traditionally viewed as nurturing , youth - friendly spaces dedicated to protecting and educating children , have become one of the most punitive institutions young people now face – on a daily basis .
Educating for citizenship , work and the public good has been replaced with models of schooling in which students , especially poor minority youth , are viewed narrowly either as a threat or as perpetrators of violence .
When not viewed as potential criminals , they are positioned as infantilized potential victims of crime ( on the Internet , at school and in other youth spheres ) who must endure modes of governing that are demeaning and repressive .
Jonathan Simon captures this transformation of schools from a public good to a security risk in the following comment :
Today , in the United States , it is crime that dominates the symbolic passageway to school and citizenship .
And behind this surface , the pathways of knowledge and power within the school are increasingly being shaped by crime as the model problem , and tools of criminal justice as the dominant technologies .
Through the introduction of police , probation officers , prosecutors and a host of private security professionals into the schools , new forms of expertise now openly compete with pedagogic knowledge and authority for shaping routines and rituals of schools … .
At its core , the implicit fallacy dominating many school policy debates today consists of a gross conflation of virtually all the vulnerabilities of children and youth into variations on the theme of crime .
This may work to raise the salience of education on the public agenda , but at the cost to students of an education embedded with themes of “ accountability , ” “ zero tolerance ” and “ norm shaping . ” [ 2 ]
As the logic of the market and “ the crime complex ” [ 3 ] frame a number of social actions in schools , students are subjected to three particularly offensive policies , often defended by school authorities and politicians under the rubric of school safety .
First , students are increasingly subjected to zero tolerance laws that are used primarily to punish , repress and exclude them .
Second , they are increasingly subjected to a “ crime complex ” in which security staff using harsh disciplinary practices now displace the normative functions teachers once provided both in and outside of the classroom .
Third , more and more schools are breaking down the space between education and juvenile delinquency , substituting penal pedagogies for critical learning and replacing a school culture that fosters a discourse of possibility with a culture of fear and social control .
Consequently , many youth , especially poor minorities in urban school systems , are not just being suspended or expelled from school but also have to bear the terrible burden of being ushered into the dark precincts of juvenile detention centers , adult courts and prison .
Once seen as an invaluable public good and laboratory for critical learning and engaged citizenship , public schools are increasingly viewed as a site of crime , warehouses or containment centers .
Consequently , students are also reconceived through the optic of crime as populations to be managed and controlled primarily by security forces .
In accordance with this perception of students as potential criminals and the school as a site of disorder and delinquency , schools across the country since the 1980 ’s have implemented zero tolerance policies that involve automatic imposition of severe penalties for first offenses of a wide range of undesirable , but often harmless , behaviors .
Based on the assumption that schools are rife with crime and fueled by the emergence of a number of state and federal laws such as the Gun - Free Schools
Act of 1994 , mandatory sentencing legislation and the popular “ three strikes and you ’re out ” policy , many educators first invoked zero tolerance rules against kids who brought firearms to schools – this was exacerbated by the high - profile school shootings in the mid-1990 ’s , the tragic shootings at Columbine High School on April 20 , 1999 , and the more recent shootings at Virginia Tech .
But as the climate of fear increased , the assumption that schools were dealing with a new breed of student – violent , amoral and apathetic – began to take hold in the public imagination .
Moreover , as school safety become a top educational priority , zero tolerance policies were broadened and now include a range of behavioral infractions that encompass everything from possessing drugs or weapons to threatening other students – all broadly conceived .
Under zero tolerance policies , forms of punishments that were once applied to adults now apply to first graders .
Students who violate what appears to be the most minor rules – such as a dress code violation – are increasingly subjected to zero tolerance laws that have a disparate impact on students of color while being needlessly punitive .
The punitive nature of the zero tolerance approach is on display in a number of cases where students have had to face harsh penalties that defy human compassion and reason .
For example , the recentl high - profile case of Zachary Christie , a 6 - year old first grader who received a 45 - day suspension because he brought to school his favorite Cub Scott camping utensil , which can serve as a knife , fork and spoon .
Rather than be treated as a young boy who made a simple mistake , he was treated by the school as a suspect who deserved to be punished .
It seems that the only thing being punished in this case was informed reason and critical judgment .
Because of the national publicity the case received , school officials modified their decision and allowed the boy to return to school .
Most children who confront these harsh disciplinary procedures are not so lucky .
One typical example includes the case of an 8 - year - old boy in the first grade at a Miami elementary school who took a table knife to his school , using it to rob a classmate of $ 1 in lunch money .
School officials claimed he was facing “ possible expulsion and charges of armed robbery . ” [ 4 ]
In another instance that took place in December 2004 , “ Porsche , a fourth - grade student at a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , elementary school , was yanked out of class , handcuffed , taken to the police station and held for eight hours for bringing a pair of eight - inch scissors to school .
She had been using the scissors to work on a school project at home .
School district officials acknowledged that the girl was not using the scissors as a weapon or threatening anyone with them , but scissors qualified as a potential weapon under state law . ” [ 5 ]
It gets worse .
Adopting a rigidly authoritarian zero tolerance school discipline policy , the following incident in the Chicago Public Schools system signals both bad faith and terrible judgment on the part of educators implementing these practices .
According to the report “ Education on Lockdown , ” in February 2003 , a 7 - year - old boy was cuffed , shackled and forced to lie face down for more than an hour while being restrained by a security officer at Parker Community Academy on the Southwest Side .
Neither the principal nor the assistant principal came to the aid of the first grader , who was so traumatized by the event he was not able to return to school . [ 6 ]
Traditionally , students who violated school rules and the rights of others were sent to the principal ’s office , a guidance teacher or another teacher .
Corrective discipline in most cases was a matter of judgment and deliberation , generally handled within the school by the appropriate administrator or teacher .
Under such circumstances , young people could defend themselves , the context of their rule violation was explored ( including underlying issues , such as problems at home , that may have triggered the behavior in the first place ) , and the discipline they received was suited to the nature of the offense .
In other words , teachers and school administrators did what they were supposed to do : listen , exercise judgment and discrimination , and then decide how to handle an infraction .
Today , in the age of standardized testing , thinking and acting , reason and judgment have been thrown out the window just as teachers are increasingly being deskilled and forced to act as semi-robotic technicians good for little more than teaching for the test and serving as a reminder that we are arriving at a day when the school curriculum will be teacher - proof .
This loss of autonomy results in the sabotaging of critical education and the rise of a culture of security that now defines schools through the narrow optics of measurement and discipline .
Today , as school districts link up with law enforcement agencies , young people find themselves not only being expelled or suspended in record rates , but also being “ subject to citations or arrests and referrals to juvenile or criminal courts . ” [ 7 ]
Students who break even minor rules , such as pouring a glass of milk on another student or engaging in a school yard fight , have been removed from the normal school population , handed over to armed police , arrested , handcuffed , shoved into patrol cars , taken to jail , fingerprinted and subjected to the harsh dictates of the juvenile and criminal justice systems .
How educators think about children through a vocabulary that has shifted from hope to punishment is evident in the effects of zero tolerance policies , which criminalize student behavior in ways that take an incalculable toll on their lives and their future .
As the nationally syndicated journalist Ellen Goodman points out , zero tolerance has become a code word for a “ quick and dirty way of kicking kids out ” of school . [ 8 ]
This becomes clear as cities such as Denver and Chicago – in their eagerness to appropriate and enforce zero tolerance policies in their districts – do less to create a safe environment for students than to simply kick more young people out of the public school system .
These are not the young people who attract the dominant media , but poor white , brown and black kids who increasingly are seen as disposable .
For example , between 2000 and 2004 , the Denver Public Schools experienced a 71 percent increase in the number of student referrals to law enforcement , many for nonviolent behaviors .
The Chicago school system in 2003 had over 8,000 students arrested , often for trivial infractions such as pushing , tardiness and using spitballs .
As part of a human waste management system , zero tolerance policies have been responsible for suspending and expelling black students in record high numbers .
For instance , “ in 2000 , blacks were 17 percent of public school enrollment nationwide and 34 percent of suspensions . ”
And when poor black youth are not being suspended under the merger of school security and law and order policies , they are increasingly at risk of falling into the school - to - prison pipeline .
As the Advancement Project points out , the racial disparities in school suspensions , expulsions and arrests feeds and mirrors similar disparities in the juvenile and criminal justice systems .
… in 2002 , black youths made up 16 percent of the juvenile population but were 43 percent of juvenile arrests , while white youths were 78 percent of the juvenile population but 55 percent of juvenile arrests .
Further , in 1999 , minority youths accounted for 34 percent of the US juvenile population but 62 percent of the youths in juvenile facilities .
Because higher rates of suspensions and expulsions are likely to lead to higher rates of juvenile incarceration , it is not surprising that black and Latino youths are disproportionately represented among young people held in juvenile prisons . [ 9 ]
The city of Chicago , which has a large black student population , implemented a take - no - prisoners approach in its use of zero tolerance policies .
The racially skewed consequences are visible in grim statistics which reveal that “ on average , more than 266 suspensions are doled out … during the school year . ”
Moreover , the number of expulsions has “ mushroomed from 32 in 1,995 to 3,000 in the school year 2003 - 2004 , ” [ 10 ] most affecting poor black youth .
As the culture of fear , crime and repression dominate American public schools , the culture of schooling is reconfigured through the allocation of resources used primarily to hire more police , security staff and technologies of control and surveillance .
In some cases , schools such as the Palm Beach County system have established their own police departments .
Saturating schools with police and security personnel has created a host of problems for schools , teachers and students – not to mention that such policies tap into financial resources otherwise used for actually enhancing learning .
In many cases , the police and security guards assigned to schools are not properly trained to deal with students and often use their authority in ways that extend far beyond what is either reasonable or even legal .
When Mayor Giuliani in 1998 allowed control of safety to be transferred to the New York Police Department , the effect was not only a boom in the number of police and school safety agents but also an intensification of abuse , harassments and arrests of students throughout the school system .
One example of war - on - terror tactics used domestically and impacting schools can be seen in the use of the roving metal detector program in which police arrive at a school unannounced and submit all students to metal detector scans .
In “ Criminalizing the Classroom , ” Elora Mukherjee describes some of the disruptions caused by the program :
As soon as it was implemented , the program began to cause chaos and lost instructional time at targeted schools , each morning transforming an ordinary city school into a massive police encampment with dozens of police vehicles , as many as sixty SSAs [ School Security Agents ] and NYPD officers , and long lines of students waiting to pass through the detectors to get to class . [ 11 ]
As she indicates , the program does more than delay classes and instructional time : it also fosters abuse and violence .
The following incident at Wadleigh Secondary School on November 17 , 2006 , provides an example of how students are abused by some of the police and security guards .
Mukherjee writes :
The officers did not limit their search to weapons and other illegal items .
They confiscated cell phones , iPods , food , school supplies , and other personal items .
Even students with very good reasons to carry a cell phone were given no exemption .
A young girl with a pacemaker told an officer that she needed her cell phone in case of a medical emergency , but the phone was seized nonetheless .
When a student wandered out of line , officers screamed , “ Get the fuck back in line ! ”
When a school counselor asked the officers to refrain from cursing , one officer retorted , “ I can do and say whatever I want , ” and continued , with her colleagues , to curse . [ 12 ]
Many students in New York City have claimed that the police are often disrespectful and verbally abusive , stating that “ police curse at them , scream at them , treat them like criminals , and are on ‘ power trips . ’…
At Martin Luther King Jr. High School , one student reported , SSAs refer to students as ‘ baby Rikers , ’ implying that they are convicts - in - waiting .
At Louis D. Brandeis High School , SSAs degrade students with comments like , ‘ That girl has no ass . ' ” [ 13 ]
In some cases , students who had severe health problems had their phones taken away and when they protested were either arrested or assaulted .
Mukherjee reports that “ A school aide at Paul Robeson High School witnessed a Sergeant yell at , push , and then physically assault a child who would not turn over his cell phone .
The Sergeant hit the child in the jaw , wrestled him to the ground , handcuffed him , removed him from school premises , and confined him at the local precinct . ” [ 14 ]
There have also been cases of teachers and administrators being verbally abused , assaulted , and arrested while trying to protect students from overzealous security personnel or police officers .
Under such circumstances , schools begin to take on the obscene and violent contours one associates with maximum security prisons : unannounced locker searches , armed police patrolling the corridors , mandatory drug testing , and the ever - present phalanx of lock - down security devices such as metal detectors , X - ray machines , surveillance cameras , and other technologies of fear and control .
Appreciated less for their capacity to be educated than for the threat they pose to adults , students are now treated as if they were inmates , often humiliated , detained , searched and in some cases arrested .
Randall Beger is right in suggesting that the new “ security culture in public schools [ has ] turned them into ‘ learning prisons ’ where the students unwittingly become ‘ guinea pigs ’ to test the latest security devices . ” [ 15 ]
Poor black and Latino male youth are particularly at risk in this mix of demonic representation and punitive modes of control , as they are the primary object of not only racist stereotypes but also a range of disciplinary policies that criminalize their behavior . [ 16 ]
Such youth , increasingly viewed as a burden and dispensable , now bear the brunt of these assaults by being expelled from schools , tried in the criminal justice system as adults , and arrested and jailed at rates that far exceed their white counterparts . [ 17 ]
While black children make up only 15 percent of the juvenile population in the United States , they account for 46 percent of those put behind bars and 52 percent of those whose cases end up in adult criminal courts .
Shockingly , in the land of the free and the home of the brave , “ [ a ] jail or detention cell after a child or youth gets into trouble is the only universally guaranteed child policy in America . ” [ 18 ]
Students being miseducated , criminalized and arrested through a form of penal pedagogy in lockdown schools that resemble prisons is a cruel reminder of the degree to which mainstream politicians and the American public have turned their backs on young people in general and poor minority youth in particular .
As schools are reconfigured around the model of the prison , crime becomes the central metaphor used to define the nature of schooling while criminalizing the behavior of young people becomes the most valued strategy in mediating the relationship between educators and students .
The consequences of these policies for young people suggest not only an egregious abdication of responsibility – as well as reason , judgment and restraint – on the part of administrators , teachers and parents , but also a new role for schools as they become more prison - like , eagerly adapting to their role as an adjunct of the punishing state .
As schools define themselves through the lens of crime and merge with the dictates of the penal system , they eliminate a critical and nurturing space in which to educate and protect children in accordance with the ideals of a democratic society .
As a central institution in the youth disposability industry , public schools now serve to discipline and warehouse youth , while they also put in place a circuit of policies and practices to make it easier for minority youth to move from schools into the juvenile justice system and eventually into prison .
The combination of school punishments and criminal penalties has proven a lethal mix for many poor minority youth and has transformed schools from spaces of youth advocacy , protection , hope and equity to military fortresses , increasingly well - positioned to mete out injustice and humiliation , transforming the once - nurturing landscapes that young people are compelled to inhabit .
Rather than confront the war on youth , especially the increasing criminalization of their behavior , schools now adopt policies that both participate in and legitimate the increasing absorption of young people into the juvenile and adult criminal justice system .
Although state repression aimed at children is not new , what is unique about the current historical moment is that the forces of domestic militarization are expanding , making it easier to put young people in jail rather than to provide them with the education , services and care they need to face the growing problems characteristic of a democracy under siege .
Wars abroad not only take a toll in needless loss of lives , but also divert valuable resources from expanding public goods , especially schools and the quality of lives of the young people who inhabit them .
As minority youth increasingly become the object of severe disciplinary practices in public schools , many often find themselves vulnerable and powerless as they are thrown into juvenile and adult courts – or , even worse , into overcrowded and dangerous juvenile correctional institutions and sometimes adult prisons .
Under this insufferable climate of increased repression and unabated exploitation , young people and communities of color become the new casualties in an ongoing war against justice , freedom , social citizenship and democracy .
Given the switch in public policy from social investment to a policy of testing , measurement and punishment that President Obama and Secretary of Education Arnie Duncan seem willing to support , it is clear that schools will continue to be the object of malign neglect , viewed less as a public good than a public pathology .
Moreover , as government policy continues to push for high - stakes testing , militarizing schools and addressing educational reform through the support of charter schools , it is clear that young people for whom race and class loom large have become disposable and will be the first to be neglected and eventually punished .
After all , these are the young people who are viewed as needing more resources , services and in the end lower test scores .
According to the fact that schools today are viewed as instruments of production and adjuncts of the corporation , they are judged largely through that which can only be quantified .
Consequently , public schools and the values and principles through which they were organized have more in common with factories and prisons than with an education that prepares people to be knowledgeable , compassionate and critically engaged citizens .
How much longer can a nation ignore those youth who lack the resources and opportunities that were available , in a partial and incomplete way , to previous generations ?
And what does it mean when a nation becomes frozen ethically and imaginatively in providing its youth with a future of hope and opportunity ?
Under such circumstances , it is time for parents , young people , educators , writers , labor unions and social movements to take a stand and to remind themselves that not only do young people deserve more , but so does an aspiring democracy that has any sense of justice , vision , and hope for the future . [ 19 ]
Notes :
[ 1 ]
For an excellent analysis of this issue , see Christopher Robbins , “ Expelling Hope ” ( Albany : SUNY Press , 2008 ) ; Valerie Polakow , “ Who Cares for Our Children ” ( New York : Teachers College Press , 2007 ) ; William Lyons and Julie Drew , “ Punishing Schools : Fear and Citizenship in American Public Education ” ( Ann Arbor : University of Michigan Press , 2006 ) ; Henry A. Giroux , “ The Abandoned Generation ” ( New York : Palgrave Press , 2004 ) .
For an excellent documentary film on zero tolerance and lockdown practices in public schools , see “ The War on Kids ” ( 2009 ) .
Online at : https://www.thewaronkids.com/
[ 2 ] Jonathan Simon , “ Governing Through Crime : How the War on Crime Transformed American Democracy and Created a Culture of Fear > ( New York : Oxford University Press , 2007 ) , p. 209 .
[ 3 ]
This term comes from David Garland , “ The Culture of Control : Crime and Social Order in Contemporary Society > ( Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 2002 ) .
[ 4 ] Yolanne Almanzar , “ First Grader in $ 1 Robbery May Face Expulsion , ” New York Times ( December 4 , 2008 ) , p. A26 .
[ 5 ] Advancement Project in partnership with Padres and Jovenes Unidos , Southwest Youth Collaborative , “ Education on Lockdown : The Schoolhouse to Jailhouse Track ” ( Chicago : Children & Family Justice Center of Northwestern University School of Law , March 24 , 2005 ) , p. 11 .
[ 6 ]
Advancement Project , “ Education on Lockdown , ” p. 33 .
[ 7 ]
Advancement Project , “ Education on Lockdown , ” p. 7 .
[ 8 ] Ellen Goodman , “ ‘ Zero Tolerance ’ Means Zero Chance for Troubled Kids , ” Centre DailyTimes ( Tuesday , January 4 , 2000 ) , p. 8 .
[ 9 ]
Advancement Project , “ Education on Lockdown , ” pp. 17-18 .
[ 10 ] Advancement Project , “ Education on Lockdown , ” p. 31 .
[ 11 ] Elora Mukherjee , “ Criminalizing the Classroom : The Over - Policing of New York City Schools ” ( New York : American Civil Liberties Union and New York Civil Liberties , March 2008 ) , p. 9 .
[ 12 ]
Mukherjee , “ Criminalizing the Classroom , ” p. 6 .
[ 13 ]
Mukherjee , “ Criminalizing the Classroom , ” p. 16 .
[ 14 ]
Mukherjee , “ Criminalizing the Classroom , ” p. 16 .
[ 15 ] Randall R. Beger , “ Expansion of Police Power in Public Schools and the Vanishing Rights of Students , ” Social Justice 29:1 ( 2002 ) , p. 120 .
[ 16 ] Victor M. Rios , “ The Hypercriminalization of Black and Latino Male Youth in the Era of Mass Incarceration , ” in Racializing Justice , Disenfranchising Lives , ed. Marable , Steinberg , and Middlemass , pp. 40 - 54 .
[ 17 ]
For a superb analysis of urban marginality of youth in the United States and France , see Loic Wacquant , “ Urban Outcasts ” ( London : Polity , 2008 ) .
[ 18 ] Children ’s Defense Fund .
“ America ’s Cradle to Prison Pipeline , ” Washington , DC : Children ’s Defense Fund , 2007 .
p. 77 .
[ 19 ]
There are an increasing number of groups fighting the growing school - to - prison pipeline , including the crucial work being done by the Children ’s Defense Fund under the leadership of Marian Wright Edelman and labor organizers such as Manuel Criollo , who works with the Labor / Community Strategy Center in Los Angeles , California , to end the destruction of the social welfare state and rise of a prison , punishment and incarceration state .
Under an initiative called the Community Rights Campaign , he and the Center are working with groups in California and in other states to end the school - to - prison pipeline and promote the broad work of educational justice .
Their current campaign theme is called “ Not down with the Lock Down ” and their demands include :
Comic strips - they ’re usually happy , fun , lighthearted places ( unless you prefer the likes of Rex Morgan .
But behind the smiles sometimes lie sinister secrets - the mysterious and questionable disappearance of characters !
OK , I ’m being a bit dramatic - just consider me in the Halloween spirit , and enjoy these four characters whose faces you might spot on a comic strip milk carton .
Charlotte Braun
Who knew Charles Schulz had a Charles Addams sense of humor ?
He may not have exhibited it often , but it definitely came out when he killed off one of his Peanuts characters - literally .
Charlotte Braun was Charlie Brown ’s counterpart in the early days and was kind of a mix in personality of Charlie ’s little sister , Sally , and his nemesis , Lucy .
She only made about 10 appearances in Peanuts before Schulz decided to get rid of her undeveloped character , but when a young Miss Elizabeth Swaim wrote him suggesting that he erase Charlotte from the comic , he decided to have a little fun with her .
He responded and agreed to do it , but said , “ Remember ... that you and your friends will have the death of an innocent child on your conscience .
Are you prepared to accept such responsibility ? ”
He finished it off with a drawing of Charlotte Braun with an ax in her head .
Comic from Jim Hill Media .
Lyman
For about five years from the late ‘ 70s to the early ‘ 80s , Jon Arbuckle had a roommate by the name of Lyman .
In fact , Lyman was the original owner of slobbery mutt Odie .
Before Garfield evolved into the companion he is portrayed as today , Lyman was there so Jon consistently had someone to have conversations with that would escalate the storyline .
As Garfield grew up and he and Jon seemed to sort of understand each other , Lyman was n’t really needed anymore .
Instead of writing him out of the comic strip and giving him some sort of send off , Jim Davis just simply stopped drawing Lyman in the cartoons and offered no explanation .
He showed up a couple more times - once in the 10th anniversary strip in the title panel , and once in a flashback .
Eagle - eyed fans also spotted him in Garfield ’s Halloween games Scary Scavenger Hunt and Scary Scavenger Hunt 2 - in the first one , Lyman can be found chained to a wall in the basement and in the sequel his head turns up in an oven .
Jim Davis hinted at Lyman ’s untimely demise once - when asked what happened to Jon ’s roommate , Davis replied , “ Do n’t look in Jon ’s basement . ”
He later said he was kidding and that Lyman ’s official plot line , even if it did n’t appear in the cartoon , is that he joined the Peace Corps and was never heard from again .
Comic from Garfield Et Cie Blog .
Uncle Max
Remember Calvin ’s Uncle Max ?
You know , from Calvin and Hobbes ?
No ?
Well , you ’re in good company .
He was only around for about a week ’s worth of comic strips , just long enough for a visit to Calvin ’s house .
Apparently Calvin and his uncle had never met before ( or perhaps they met when Calvin was an infant ) because Calvin could n’t recall meeting him and speculated that he had most likely been serving time in jail .
Uncle Max ended his visit by telling Calvin that he was welcome to visit anytime he wanted , but we never saw or heard from Uncle Max again .
Why the permanent departure ?
Bill Watterson later explained that because Calvin ’s parents were never given any names other than “ Mom ” and “ Dad , ” it was getting increasingly difficult for Uncle Max to have conversations with his brother and his sister - in - law .
He had to go - so , he went .
Comic from Calvin and Hobbes Info .
Denise
Denise was the girlfriend of Peter Fox from FoxTrot .
If you ’re a fan , you undoubtedly remember her - she was one of the only blind characters in comic strips at the time ( not that there are that many today ) .
Peter started dating Denise in the strip ’s very first year - 1988 - and they only broke up once in 13 - 14 years ( that ’s real time , not comic strip - time ) .
For some reason , though , Denise disappeared from Peter ’s life in the early ‘00s with no explanation at all .
Maybe Bill Amend just wanted Peter to be free to play the field .
Comic from The Unofficial FoxTrot Site .
X - Men : Emma's Bad Day - Jean 's alive again , Emma is less than thrilled .
( coming soon ) X - Men : Phoenix Season - Shi'ar forces arrive to destroy the Phoenix .
Meanwhile , everyone attacks the school .
- Shi'ar forces arrive to destroy the Phoenix .
Meanwhile , everyone attacks the school .
Fantastic 4 : Doomsday - Dr. Doom teams up with himself in order to kidnap Jessica Alba .
( featuring the voice of " Y : the Last Man " artist Pia Guerra ) - Dr. Doom teams up with himself in order to kidnap Jessica Alba . ( featuring the voice of " Y : the Last Man " artist Pia Guerra )
House of M - the 4 part retelling of the Big Marvel Crossover of 2005 - the 4 part retelling of the Big Marvel Crossover of 2005 Countdown to Infinate Crisis Wars - Batman is a dick .
- Batman is a dick .
Marvel Villains Assemble -
The world 's most feasome villains gather to discuss how to conquer their most hated enemy : fashion . -
The world 's most feasome villains gather to discuss how to conquer their most hated enemy : fashion .
When I was three years old , my proud Mum and Dad asked the local Maidstone portrait photographer to take a picture of their dear son .
So it was that the snapper arrived at Bower Mount Road , and Robert was duly told to play with his Hornby train set on the floor of the lounge .
Following the custom of the time , the photographer colour - painted the resulting black - and - white photograph , which was duly delivered to my adoring parents .
They were delighted .
I was appalled .
They admired the accuracy of my blond hair , my pink face , my blue eyes .
I was outraged that the photographer had painted my toy locomotive blue – surely he knew that the livery of the London Midland and Scottish railway company was crimson .
Did he care nothing for accuracy when it came to trains ?
I remembered this while watching Apocalypse : The Second World War on the National Geographic channel this week .
It 's the latest colourised version of archive film , turning black and white into living colour for the benefit of contemporary audiences .
I 've already commended Jean - François Delassus ' magnificent colourised First World War film Le Bruit et la Fureur for the France 2 television channel , a precedent which British TV has since followed .
But I was troubled by the National Geographic version of the Second World War .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In this week 's episode , for example , the gunfire of warships seemed too crimson , and in last week 's story of the fall of France , I felt that the colourisation was a bit on the cheap .
There was archive film I had n't seen before – especially of German troops taking the surrender of demoralised French soldiers – but while the trees were green , the Germans and their prisoners seemed pretty black and white .
And a short clip of Hitler at home – taken by his mistress Eva Braun – was very odd .
I seem to remember that Braun used real colour stock when she photographed her Führer but this sequence was curiously muted , as if – and National Geographic will correct me if I 'm wrong – the colourisers were dimming the real colour quality of the original Hitler pictures to match the newly coloured black - and - white footage in the rest of the film .
I suppose it all comes down to the question of reality , which I wrote about last week after visiting the new Karsh of Ottawa portrait exhibition in Toronto .
Although Karsh occasionally used colour photography , it would be impossible to imagine a colourised version of his black - and - white portraits of Churchill .
So are we distorting archive film by painting our Tommies in khaki uniforms , and turning grey trenches into brown mud ?
On balance , I suspect not .
You could argue that the archive black - and - white footage is itself a distortion – the real First World War was , after all , actually fought in colour , the blood was bright red , the trees – when there were any left – were actually green .
All we are doing is redressing the inadequacies of 1914 - 18 film stock by providing it with the depth and colour that it would have had if the cameramen were using today 's technology .
Oddly , we see nothing wrong in coloured cinema movies about ancient Rome – presumably because there was no black - and - white archive film of Nero fiddling or the crucifixion of Jesus .
No one objected when Cecil B DeMille repeated his sword - and - sandals epics in colour although there was a lot of anguish when old Hollywood movies were first colourised .
For me , Rick 's
Bar must always be in monochrome , Bogart 's suit as flatly bright white as the original , Louis 's Vichy gendarmerie uniform black , not blue .
But we all play tricks when we take pictures .
From my days on the Sunday Express diary column – Peter McKay , please note – I learned how the paper 's photographers took pictures of women .
The stunners could pose how they wished .
But women – snappers were all misogynists then – who were not as handsome as the photographer might have wished were asked to tilt their heads .
The rule also sometimes applied to men .
A tilted head meant that the viewer looked at the eyes rather than the face .
Keep your eye on the Page Three girls and you 'll spot what I mean .
And I notice , do I not , that Fisk 's ugly mug on this page is tilted to the right ?
When I covered the Bosnian war , I took many of the pictures to accompany my own stories and usually – quite deliberately – in black and white , because in that terrible conflict I somehow wanted to bleed colour out of the world .
The snow gave a monochrome horror to the Bosnian winters , and so many of the fighters and their civilian victims were so hungry – they smoked cigarettes to satisfy their craving for food – that their faces were grey rather than pink .
But it 's not just a question of colour .
Sound was long ago added to silent archive footage to give verisimilitude to events , without any argument .
First World
War cavalry horses neigh ; generals can be heard to talk – though of course the sound has to be too muffled to make out a single word – and guns make a bang which the original cameramen must have heard but could not reproduce .
And this falsification continues today , not by adding sound but byco-ordinating sound with pictures .
When I 'm covering wars , for example , my vision and sound are not co-ordinated .
An Israeli plane always bombs a target in total silence .
Not a sound emanates from the explosion of the bomb .
Only seconds later – depending on how close Fisk is to the event – does the blast of sound reach me .
Every television network – from the BBC to CNN – therefore tidies the sound of war .
In their reports , distant guns can be heard firing simultaneously with the flash from the barrel .
Far - away tanks can be heard roaring long before the sound actually reaches the cameraman .
" It simply is n't worth the hassle of explaining the reality to the viewers , " a BBC producer once told me .
" Light travels faster than sound .
So the BBC has to straighten it out ! "
He was absolutely right .
Today 's wars have to be as re-synchronised as surely as the sound and vision of the night - time artillery fire at El Alamein in 1942 .
We have to organise what we film to fit the audience .
War too .
If only we could get steam locomotives the right colour .
Plunging rents are great news for renters , but they 're lousy news for homeowners .
Aaron Task and I discussed this issue on TechTicker this morning :
The vacancy rate for rental apartments in the U.S. is now 7.8 % and climbing , says the Wall Street Journal .
This is the highest vacancy rate in 23 years .
Worse , the vacancy rate is expected to keep climbing through the winter , ultimately hitting the highest rate on record .
This is good news for renters and bad news for landlords .
It 's also bad news for anyone who owns and would like to sell a house .
Why are rising rental vacancies bad news for homeowners ?
Because rising vacancies put pressure on rents , as landlords have to cut prices to woo a smaller pool of tenants .
As rents drop , meanwhile , one of the key measures of house - price value -- the price - to - rent ratio - - also changes , and not for the good .
All else being equal , when rents drop , the " Housing P/E ratio " -- price to rent -- increases as rents decrease .
This is the same thing that would happen to the P/E ratio of a stock if the company 's earnings began to shrink .
The more the rent / earnings shrink , the more expensive the house or company is as a multiple of the rent / earnings .
Will people suddenly refuse to pay as much for houses because the price - to - rent ratio rises a bit ?
No .
But they may decide to rent instead of buy , which will remove some demand from the housing market .
And , this , in turn , will put pressure on house prices .
The chart below from Calculated Risk illustrates the price - to - rent ratio over the past 15 years .
As you can see , it got way out of whack during the peak bubble years and has now fallen back within the realm of normal .
As rents fall , however , the ratio will start rising again .
That is , unless house prices fall , too , which is the more likely scenario .
See Also : HOUSING RECOVERY !
( How 's Your City Doing ? )
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Sebastian Vettel wants the FIA to change the way that the pitlane speed limit is measured in the wake of the penalty he was issued during the Singapore Grand Prix .
The Red Bull Racing driver 's hopes of victory were dashed when he was handed a drive - through penalty for exceeding the speed limit in the pits after his final stop .
Post - race analysis of Vettel 's car by Red Bull Racing showed that his car had never actually exceeded doing 100 km/h limit in the pits .
However , because Vettel had taken a slightly shorter route when he cut across the entry to the pits , the official measurements calculated that his car had travelled in excess of the speed limit between the entry and the exit .
Speaking ahead of the Japanese Grand Prix , Vettel reckoned that the FIA should come up with a different way of measuring the speed in the pits - rather than basing it simply on time and estimated distance .
" You have a pitlane speed limit and we were not speeding in the pitlane , " he said .
" What happened was there was a mistake in the measurement .
" We have a speed limit and you are allowed to choose your own line .
There is a pit entry line which you are allowed to cross - some drivers did a little bit , some more , like I did .
And obviously the way the speed is measured is that it is in divided sectors and obviously there has been a mistake in the calibration .
" So there should be a speed limit , not a speed distance limit .
It should be independent from the distance you travel . "
Vettel said he hoped the FIA would take on board what happened in Singapore and consider making changes for the future .
" We have our car data and we can see that we clearly never broke the speed limit , " he said .
" I 'm obviously not happy , but at the end of the day things like that should never happen .
It had quite a big influence on our race , but sitting here now , what can you do about it ?
" I hope in the future that nothing like this happens to any of us because , as I tried to explain , we have a speed limit and it has to be independent of the distance we travel . "
- Welcome to IFALPES !
French Institutes of ANNECY and CHAMBERY
Ifalpes is an Institution of Higher Education for students who want to learn French as a foreign language .
This French Language school is designed for students who want to learn French and study abroad in France .
A French language school in the Alps .
Our French classes are multinational and situated in the French Alps .
The Alps , Savoy , Annecy and Chambéry are known for their old castles , lakes , parks , vineyards and mountain activities .
Both cities are accessible by train from Paris ( 3h30 by TGV ) and by train or bus from Geneva or Lyon
- The Timetable
French language courses are available for all levels all year round .
Whatever your reason for studying French , we will help you to feel at home in our Institute .
Academic Programs - General French Semi-intensive : 12 hours per week
Intensive : 20 hours per week Super intensive : 30 hours per week
Courses available all year long on :
Week / Month / Semester / Trimester / Summer School basis - Levels
Complete Beginners
Advanced Beginners
Intermediate students
Advanced students - Accommodation / International Welcoming Service
The Institute provides an accommodation service : the Association pour le Logement des Etudiants ( ALE ) .
You can live independently in the town centre or in the countryside :
- With a French family
- In a student residence
- In a studio
- In a flat sharing with other students .
- Activities
Enjoy nature in both winter and summer .
Every week depending on the snow , from October to July , the Institute organizes ski trips to the biggest resorts in the Alps
For all levels hikes in mountains and national parks .
rowing , horse riding , rock climbing , golf , paragliding , canoeing , swimming .
Beaches ( public ) are available for swimming and sunbathing .
There are local ports where sailing boats , rowing boats , canoes , windsurfs , speed - boats etc. , can be hired .
Ifalpes organized visits Ch�teaux ( castles ) tours in the Savoy and High Savoy regions .
The Savoy Vineyards ( visit to cellars and wine tasting ) .
Guided tours of Lyon and the Beaujolais region .
Tours of Turin / Venice .
Cannes Film Festival .
The Beaufort cheese region .
Nature trails .
The Chartreuse .
National Park and Monastery .
----------
For schools wishing to simply reciprocate links , you can submit your site here .
For more enquiries mail me at : admin@Learn English
Turns out one of the easiest ways ( theoretically ) to save money may simply come down to you asking yourself one single question :
“ Is this something I NEED or just something I WANT ? ”
If you can ask yourself this question each time you make a purchase , Â you ’re going to set yourself up to save a lot of money over time .
A common misperception regarding this question / form of self restraint is that it should only be practiced when you ’re purchasing big ticket items – a new video game system , a TV , designer jeans , a car , etc. – and not during your day to day purchases . Â
Unfortunately , nothing could be further from the truth .
Â
You should be willing to ask yourself on each and every item you purchase whether or not you are fulfilling a need or indulging a want .
Â
Even though you might see the most one time savings on big ticket items , over time you ’re probably going to net the biggest savings by reducing your impulse buying of smaller , every day items .
Here are some examples of both big ticket as well as every day purchases that you might run into :
Do I need this XBox 360 or do I just want this XBox 360 ?
Do I need this new set of golf clubs or do I just want this new set of golf clubs ?
Do I need these name brand jeans or do I just want these name brand jeans ?
Anyway , I think you get the point .
Now comes the hard part – you ’ve determined that you definitely need something ; let ’s say you need a new car because your current one is unreliable .
Â
After determining your need you have to make sure that your wants do n’t come back into the picture .
InÂ using the above example , you know that Â you need reliable transportation , meaning you need something that ’s going to get you from point Â
A to point B with minimal hassle and low maintenance costs .
Â
With that in mind , does that mean you should get a relatively new used car or go for broke and get that 5Â Series BMW you ’ve always wanted ?
In this situation , you ’ve done a good job of determining something Â that you need , but are you going to screw it up by letting your wants take over ?
Do n’t get me wrong , I ’m not telling you to stop buying things and that all purchases are bad – or for that matter all “ nice ” things are bad .
Â
I ’m just advocating that if you live within your means and are willing to put forth some self restraint , you are probably going to find yourself in a much better financial situation than someone who throws caution to the wind and buys whatever they want in that particular moment .
There are many types or strains of marijuana , however they basically fit into two categories ; Indica and Sativa .
Breeders will often cross strains to change the growing or properties of the original .
As a rule of thumb , generally Indicas tend to be shorter , stockier plants with smaller , denser and smellier buds .
Indicas also flower much faster than Sativas , usually with a 6 - 9 week flowering period .
Sativas will grow taller and generally much bigger .
Buds will also be bigger but less dense .
Sativa buds will also be less smelly and take longer to flower than Indicas , usually 9 - 10 weeks .
Choosing types of marijuana for a garden will depend on many factors , not least what you expect of the end product .
Marijuana strains are often a cross of Sativa and Indica to give properties of each i.e. to make certain Sativa smaller and more potent , or an Indica larger and with bigger buds .
As far as the high is concerned , Sativas will tend to produce more of a cerebral , energetic or giggly high , while Indicas produce more of a body stoned , known to enhance physical aspects such as sound and taste and can also have a relaxing effect .
Below are pictures of some of the most popular strains or types of marijuana , followed by an A - Z of strains .
I 'll wager that Glenn Beck , like a lot of people , has heard the famous Thomas Jefferson quote :
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants . "
Maybe he 's even seen one of the T - shirts bearing that inscription .
But then , there 's one of these T - shirts that 's especially notable :
It was the one Timothy McVeigh was wearing when he was arrested for blowing up 168 people at the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City back in 1995 .
Does this mean that anyone wearing one of these shirts , or expressing these sentiments , is a crazed militiaman eager and willing to blow up government workers and their children ?
Er , no .
But at the same , the meaning of that T - shirt is actually critical to understanding what happened in Oklahoma City .
The Missouri State Patrol 's information arm recently compiled a report about militias ( you can read it here ) , largely as a way of helping to inform their officers in the field , who are the people most at risk when it comes to random encounters with armed right - wing extremists .
The report , unsurprisingly , created a firestorm among the conservatives who suddenly found they had more of a resemblance to a right - wing extremist than they thought :
A new document meant to help Missouri law enforcement agencies identify militia members or domestic terrorists has drawn criticism for some of the warning signs mentioned .
The Feb. 20 report called " The Modern Militia Movement " mentions such red flags as political bumper stickers for third - party candidates , such as U.S. Rep .
Ron Paul , who ran for president last year ; talk of conspiracy theories , such as the plan for a superhighway linking Canada to Mexico ; and possession of subversive literature .
" It seems like they want to stifle political thought , " said Roger Webb , president of the University of Missouri campus Libertarians .
" There are a lot of third parties out there , and none of them express any violence .
In fact , if you join the Libertarian Party , one of the things you sign in your membership application is that you do n't support violence as a means to any ends . "
But state law enforcement officials said the report is being misinterpreted .
Lt. John Hotz of the Missouri State Highway Patrol said the report comes from publicly available , trend data on militias .
It was compiled by the Missouri Information Analysis Center , a " fusion center " in Jefferson City that combines resources from the federal Department of Homeland Security and other agencies .
The center , which opened in 2005 , was set up to collect local intelligence to better combat terrorism and other criminal activity , he said .
" All this is an educational thing , " Hotz said of the report .
" Troopers have been shot by members of groups , so it 's our job to let law enforcement officers know what the trends are in the modern militia movement . "
When I saw this story a few days ago , I knew that sooner or later it was going to get trotted out on Glenn Beck 's Fox News show as proof of evil government perfidy .
After all , it 's already become an Alex Jones special -- which is to say , the air is thick with black helicopters and jetstream contrails .
Sure enough : Yesterday on his show Beck had a segment in which he and Penn Gillette discussed how crazy it was for law enforcement to be profiling people as potential domestic terrorists for behaviors that ordinary citizens like themselves indulge happily , as they should .
They noticed , at one point , that there 's actually very little about Patriot movement beliefs to which they subscribe .
It 's just that their libertarianism might trip some of the outward indicators suggested in the report .
One of the people interviewed in the Kansas City report expressed similar views :
But Tim Neal , a military veteran and delegate to last year 's state GOP convention , was shocked by the report 's contents .
" I was going down the list and thinking , ' Check , that 's me , ' " he said .
" I 'm a Ron Paul supporter , check .
I talk about the North American union , check .
I 've got the ' America : Freedom to Fascism ' video loaned out to somebody right now .
So that means I 'm a domestic terrorist ?
Because I 've got a video about the Federal Reserve ? "
Neal , who has a Ron Paul bumper sticker on his car , said the next time he is pulled over by a police officer , he wo n't know whether it 's because he was speeding or because of his political views .
Here 's the catch :
There 's nothing even remotely inaccurate in the report .
Every fact that it reports can be readily substantiated .
More to the point , there 's nothing in the report suggesting that any of these traits taken individually is a sign of radicalism .
Rather , officers are expected to be able to take in certain signals simply as warning signs and indicators , not evidence of either criminal intent or radical behavior .
What the report reflects is a reality that law enforcement trying to deal with domestic terrorism in America must confront :
Their subjects are thoroughly American ; many of the people drawn into these movements are , if anything , " hyper- normal . "
Their version of " patriotism , " for instance , is so extreme that they actually hate not just their government but their fellow citizens -- in essence , their country : because , you see , it has been " perverted " from its original purposes .
The hyper -normality is a kind of intentional camouflage .
The Patriot movement , and militias in particular , were a very specific and intentional strategy adopted in the 1990s by the white supremacists and radical tax protesters of the American far right -- and the whole purpose of the strategy was to mainstream their belief systems and their agendas .
The tactic was to adopt the appearance of normal , " red- blooded " Americanism as a way of pushing out the idea that their radical beliefs are " normal " too .
In the process , they often adopted time - worn " patriotic " sayings and symbols , such as the " Do n't Tread On Me " flag Beck wears , as their own -- though with a much more menacing meaning .
If you 've seen that flag at an Aryan Nations compound , as I have , you never quite look at it the same .
This is why the meaning of Thomas Jefferson 's quote above is quite different for them than it is for you and me .
To all outward appearances , it is just an expression of avid patriotism .
But to a Patriot movement follower , it means something potentially deadly .
This is especially the case for law - enforcement officers in the field :
Any time law enforcement offices encounter people with extreme ideologies , safety issues potentially arise .
However , for a variety of reasons , certain circumstances pose a heightened threat of violent confrontation .
Some situations , for instance , are particularly stressful for extremists , increasing the chances that they may lash out or overreact .
...
Traffic stops are potentially some of the most dangerous situations that law enforcement officers can face when dealing with extremists .
Numerous officers have been killed , wounded , shot at , or attacked during traffic stop incidents involving extremists during the past twenty years .
Some of these confrontations have been well - publicized .
In 1997 , television audiences across the country watched a police car video of a shootout in Ohio between two white supremacists , Cheyne and Chevie Kehoe , and local police officers .
Yet some of the more incredible incidents have received remarkably little publicity .
In one recent case in March 2000 , three anti-government extremists ( Lloyd Burrus , his son Jeff Burrus , and Cheryl Kate Maarteuse ) were stopped for speeding by a Nevada highway patrol officer about sixty miles north of Las Vegas .
The officer spotted a shotgun in the vehicle and radioed for backup .
While he waited , the extremists sped off .
During the ensuing chase , they shot at police vehicles from both Nevada and California , then turned off - road , where their BMW became stuck .
Burrus and his accomplices abandoned the vehicle but took their weapons and ammunition , which they used to shoot down a California Highway Patrol helicopter that had arrived on scene .
Eventually , after a twelve hour standoff involving over a hundred law enforcement officers , they gave themselves up .
There 's nothing in the Missouri report that suggests anyone of the Patriot persuasion be arrested or treated as a terrorist -- because it 's perfectly legal , in fact , to hold as radical beliefs as one likes in this country .
The report simply tries to give officers a factual overview of some of the motivations of right - wing extremists , and what kinds of things are likely to set them off .
What 's not legal is to act criminally on behalf of those beliefs .
Unfortunately , Patriot beliefs -- particularly the more radical beliefs about the government 's legitimacy ( or lack thereof ) -- actually tend to help induce such behavior .
The police officers whose job it is to stop such criminality need to be able to assess what they 're dealing with on the ground -- whether someone they 've pulled over for not having license plates on their car is likely to pull something stupid .
Law enforcement officers need complete and accurate information in order to survive in the field .
Maybe Glenn
Beck is more worried about the tender paranoias of your average Ron Paul supporter -- none of whom have been affected in the least by this report in any real - world way -- but I tend to stand with the men and women who keep us safe .
Especially when it comes to making sure they have complete and accurate information .
The more they know , the more likely they are to both enforce the law appropriately , and to stay alive at the same time .
A large flock of flamingos wading in Laguna Colorada , located within the Eduardo Abaroa Andean National Fauna reserve near the border with Chile , in the Uyuni salt flats , Bolivia .
The Uyuni salt flats are estimated to contain 10bn tonnes of salt – of which 25,000 tonnes are extracted every year – as well as 100 m tonnes of lithium , making it one of the largest global reserves of this mineral , according to officials at the Bolivian Mining Corporation .
The salt flats are a major tourist attraction in Bolivia , with around 60,000 tourists visiting them every year to see various types of flamingos , giant cacti , geysers , hot springs , volcanoes and colourful ponds
Photograph : Martin Bernetti/guardian.co.uk
This week the Food Standards Agency published a review paper showing that organic food is no better than normal food , in terms of composition , or health benefits .
The Soil Association 's response has been swift , and received prominent and blanket right of reply : this is testament to the lobbying power of this £ 2bn industry , and the cultural values of people who work in the media .
I do n't care about organic food .
I am interested in bad arguments .
Theirs has three components .
Firstly , they say that the important issue with organic food is not personal health benefits , but rather benefit to the environment .
This is a popular strategy from losing positions : " Do n't talk about that , talk about this . "
Secondly , they say that there are positive health benefits of organic food , but they are related to the absence of pesticides , and cannot be measured by the evidence that has been identified and summarised in the FSA paper .
This , again , is gamesmanship .
Either you are proposing that there are health benefits which cannot ever be measured .
In this case you have faith , which is not a matter of evidence .
Or you are proposing that there are health benefits which could be measured , but have not been yet .
In this case , again , you have faith rather than evidence , but you could at least start recruiting researchers now , using your £ 2bn , to investigate your beliefs with fair tests .
And thirdly , sadly , like many industries in a corner , the Soil Association seeks to undermine the public 's understanding of what a " systematic review " is , which itself causes collateral damage to everybody 's ability to engage in debates on evidence .
They say that the report has deliberately excluded evidence to produce the answer that organic food is no better .
The accusation is one of " cherry - picking " , and it is hard to see how it can be valid in the kind of study conducted by the FSA , because in a " systematic review " , before you begin collecting papers , you specify how you will search for evidence , what databases you will use , what types of studies you will use , how you will grade the quality of the evidence ( to see if it was a " fair test " ) , and so on .
What is it that the FSA ignored which so angered the Soil Association ?
As an example , from their press release , they are " disappointed that the FSA failed to include the results of a major European Union - funded study involving 31 research and university institutes and the publication , so far , of more than 100 scientific papers , at a cost of € 18 m , which ended in April this year " .
They gave the link to qlif.org .
I followed this link and found the list of 120 papers .
Almost all are irrelevant .
The first 14 are on " consumer expectations and attitudes " , which are correctly not included in a systematic review of the evidence on food composition .
Then there are 22 on " effects of production methods " : here you might expect to find more relevant research , but no .
The first paper ( " The effect of medium term feeding with organic , low input and conventional diet on selected immune parameters in rat " ) , while interesting , will plainly not be relevant to a systematic review on nutrient content .
The same is true of the next paper , " Salmonella infection level in Danish indoor and outdoor pig production systems measured by antibodies in meat juice and fecal shedding on - farm and at slaughter " : it is not relevant .
Furthermore , the overwhelming majority of these are unpublished conference papers , and some of them are just a description of the fact that somebody made an oral presentation at a meeting .
The systematic review correctly looked only at good - quality data published in peer - reviewed academic journals .
This raises the issue of transparency : we want the methods and results of scientific research to be formally presented , and accessible by all .
If a government report on anything relies substantially on unpublished and inaccessible research then we are correctly concerned : in fact , I raised such concerns , two weeks ago , because the key piece of evidence presented by the Home Office to justify retaining DNA from innocent people who have been arrested was an incompetently presented piece of unpublished and incomplete research .
In reality , this is not about organic food .
The emotive commentary in favour of organic farming bundles together diverse and legitimate concerns about unchecked capitalism in our food supply : battery farming , corruptible regulators , or reckless destruction of the environment , where the producer 's costs do not reflect the true full costs of their activities to society , to name just a few .
Each of these problems deserves individual attention .
But just as we do not solve the problems of deceitfulness in the pharmaceutical industry by buying homeopathic sugar pills , so we may not resolve the undoubted problems of unchecked capitalism in industrial food production by giving money to the £ 2bn industry represented by the Soil Association .
()
In the early years of the Internet , the more time people spent online , the more they paid a provider like AOL for their connection .
But as customers have shifted to always - on broadband services , many Web surfers have enjoyed all - you - can - eat Internet for a flat rate .
Some cable and telecommunications providers are trying to turn back the ...
Getty Images
LOOKING after small children is never easy .
Many dribble ; some bite .
But for Joyce Chavis , the problem until a few years ago was that she could not let toddlers in her care step outside her house .
The street was packed with prostitutes .
Drug - dealers loitered aggressively with pit bulls at their heels .
In the local playground the bushes concealed only some of the things that crack - addicted young women were doing to earn their next fix .
Until 2004 the West End neighbourhood in High Point , North Carolina , was an open - air drug market .
Gun shots punctuated the night .
Honest folk were scared to walk to the shops .
Jim Summey , a local preacher , recalls a Sunday when his flock could not park because the street was jammed with johns seeking sex and drugs .
When he remonstrated with the dealers , they smashed up his car and shot out 58 windows in his church .
Yet West End is now as peaceful as evensong .
It is still poor , but thugs with dogs no longer menace passers - by .
The prostitutes have gone , or gone indoors .
The corners are quiet .
What happened ?
The High Point police used to deal with drug - dealers in the traditional manner .
They would “ come rolling in like an occupying army , ” as Jim Fealy , the police chief , puts it .
They would grab young men , pat them down and arrest the ones with drugs in their pockets .
They sent many to jail , but never shut down the drug market for more than a few hours .
African - Americans in neighbourhoods like West End detested the police , and the police grew frustrated that no one in these places called them to report crimes .
But then they tried something different .
On the advice of David Kennedy , a professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York , they started talking to community leaders in West End .
They found out who the street drug - dealers were .
There were fewer than they had expected : only 16 , of whom three were habitually violent .
Patiently , they compiled dossiers on each of them .
Then they arrested and prosecuted the violent ones , and invited the rest in for a chat .
The young dealers were shown the evidence against them , and given a choice .
If they stopped dealing drugs and carrying guns , they would not be prosecuted .
A “ community co-ordinator ” sat down with each of them and asked him what he needed to go straight : a job ?
Drug treatment ?
A place to stay ?
An alarm clock to get to work on time ?
The community promised to help with all these things .
The dealers ' neighbours and even grandmothers stood up and told them that what they were doing was wrong , and had to stop .
Then prosecutors warned them that if they did not stop that day , they would be sent to jail , possibly for the rest of their lives .
It worked .
Nearly all the dealers reformed , bar the odd bit of shoplifting .
You can still buy drugs behind closed doors in High Point , but the intervention was never about drugs .
It was about making the neighbourhood liveable again .
Fears that the open - air drug market would simply move elsewhere proved unfounded .
As the same technique was tried in other neighbourhoods and for other types of crime , such as gang - related muggings , the city 's overall violent crime rate fell noticeably , from 8.7 per 1,000 people in 2003 to 7.3 in 2008 .
The debate about crime is often emotional .
Voters want vengeance .
Politicians oblige .
Barack Obama supports the death penalty even though he believes it “ does little to deter crime ” .
It is justified , he says , because it expresses “ the full measure of [ a community 's ] outrage ” .
Such reasoning is widespread , but Mark Kleiman , the author of “ When Brute Force Fails : How to Have Less Crime and Less Punishment ” , argues that it is unwise .
The only good reason to punish , he says , is to prevent crime , either by locking criminals up so they cannot reoffend , or by deterring others .
More threats , less force
Prison sometimes works .
Some credit tougher sentencing for the sharp drop in crime since the early 1990s .
The number of incarcerated Americans has quadrupled since 1980 , to 2.3 m , and many of these people make the streets safer by their absence .
But some 500,000 are non-violent drug offenders .
And it “ ought to bother us ” that the incarceration rate for black Americans exceeds that in the Soviet Union at the peak of the Gulag , ventures Mr Kleiman .
Incarceration hurts criminals ' friends and relatives .
It upsets the sex ratio in high - crime areas , making it very hard for young black women to form stable families .
The lesson of High Point is that you can reduce crime by making credible threats , without having to lock up so many people .
To deter , a punishment must be swift , certain and severe .
Of these , severity matters the least , reckons Mr Kleiman , and there is a trade - off : the harsher the punishment , the more legal safeguards are required to ensure it is not misapplied .
States that execute murderers do so only after decades of appeals .
This costs millions in legal fees .
So they hardly ever do it , which means it is not much of a deterrent .
It turns out that milder sanctions can be swifter and more certain .
For example , in Hawaii , until recently , felons ignored the terms of their probation because the only punishment available was a harsh one : being sent back to prison for the remainder of their term , typically five to ten years .
Courts and probation officers were too swamped to handle the necessary paperwork and rebut the legal challenges to such harsh penalties .
So violators typically got off scot free .
This led people to conclude that they could misbehave with impunity .
The chaos only ended when a judge started handing out instant sentences of a week or so .
The certain prospect of spending a few days behind bars straight away made most of the probationers behave .
Mr Kleiman suggests several other promising , non-macho approaches to curbing crime .
Raise alcohol taxes .
Start school days later to prevent after - school crime .
Force probationers to wear GPS tags , thus making probation a tough ( and much cheaper ) alternative to prison .
Americans should experiment with such ideas , he says , and if they are serious about justice , the object should be to cut crime , not to make criminals suffer .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Saturday 26 September 2009
Great throwaway scoops of our time : " Brown … formally extended his invitation in February , when he met the pope with his wife , Sarah , and his children " .
The pope is to visit Britain next year , the first papal visit to the UK in 30 years , after accepting an invitation from Gordon Brown .
An announcement is due to be made by Buckingham Palace and the Vatican in the next few days .
Brown , a member of the Church of Scotland , has made three visits to the Vatican , and formally extended his invitation in February , when he met the pope with his wife , Sarah , and his children .
With 4 million Catholics in Britain , the news that the pope has agreed to visit will be seen as a much - needed political boost for Brown .
But he may not be prime minister during the visit because it is likely to be next autumn , by which time David Cameron , if the polls are correct , will be installed in office .
Cameron has described his own Christianity as shaky , comparing his beliefs to the reception of Radio Chilterns : coming in and out from time to time .
But last night the Tory leader said : " Such a visit – the first in over a quarter of a century – would be greatly welcomed not only by Roman Catholics but by the country as a whole . "
A spokesman for the prime minister said : " It would be a moving and momentous occasion for the whole country and he would undoubtedly receive the warmest of welcomes . "
Pope Benedict is expected to visit several parts of Britain , but interest will focus on whether he decides to travel to Northern Ireland , where his presence could stir sectarian trouble .
Parts of the Protestant community in Northern Ireland would regard a visit by the pope as a provocative act .
The last pope to visit Britain was Benedict 's predecessor , John Paul II , in May 1982 , who visited England , Wales and Scotland during a six - day tour .
Last night the Archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams , who was visiting the Anglican Church in Japan , said he was delighted that the pontiff would be visiting Britain .
" I 'm sure I speak on behalf of Anglicans throughout Britain , in assuring him that he would be received with great warmth and joy . "
But a spokesman for the National Secular Society said it would organise " a coalition of groups to make clear to the pope that whatever celebrations the government lays on for him , he is not welcomed here by everyone " .
The pope is expected to mark the beatification of John Henry Newman , the most celebrated Anglican convert to Catholicism .
In June he announced the beatification of Newman , following recognition by the Vatican of the healing of an American man with a severe spinal condition as a miracle that was a result of praying to him .
As chancellor , Brown forged personal relations with the pope when he worked with him on his efforts to confront poverty in the developing world .
But the visit could raise issues about Labour 's relations with the church , which have sometimes hit trouble owing to controversies such as the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act , which allowed the use of hybrid embryos for use in medical research .
Mr Lewis was voted out as chairman back in April
Bank of America 's beleaguered chief executive Kenneth Lewis is to retire at the end of the year .
The announcement comes after Mr Lewis has faced continuing criticism over his running of the firm , particularly last year 's decision to buy Merrill Lynch .
This $ 50bn ( £ 31 bn ) deal depleted Bank of America 's cash reserves , and it subsequently needed a government bail - out as the financial crisis worsened .
Shareholder had already ousted Mr Lewis , 62 , as chairman in April .
Analysts said at the time that Mr Lewis would not be able to continue much longer in the chief executive position .
' Overly targeted '
Mr Lewis had led the company since 2001 .
" It 's a good thing for the company to make a clean break and move forward , " said analyst Walter Todd of Greenwood Capital .
" Ken Lewis has been overly targeted in terms of how things played out .
But the fact is , perception is reality in these situations , and the perception is , everything that happened with the Merrill transaction was his fault . "
Bank of America , which has needed $ 45 bn of state support , said it was looking at potential successors .
Mr Lewis has also been criticised over Bank of America 's decision to authorise $ 5.8 bn ( £ 3.4bn ) of 2008 bonuses to senior Merrill employees , despite the investment bank making a loss of $ 27.6 bn last year .
The US financial regulator , the Securities & Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , said earlier this month that it will sue Bank of America over charges that it misled investors over the bonuses .
Bank of America said it would " vigorously defend " itself in court .
Follow The Gore Collector as his arcane adventures into splatter cinema and through the seventh circle of hell drag him BACK to the bunker , where it all began .
Picking up where the previous ...
See full summary »
In what might embarrass less adventurous souls , astronaut Koichi Wakata is returning to Earth with the pairs of underwear he wore for a solid month during his space station stay so that scientists can check them out .
They are experimental high - tech undies , designed in Japan to be odor free .
The Japanese astronaut described his underwear test Thursday as shuttle Endeavour and its crew aimed for touchdown this morning .
The astronauts released mini satellites , their final job before today ’s planned reentry , and said it was time to come home after more than two weeks aloft .
Wakata has been in orbit for 4 1/2 months .
Advertisement
“ I have n’t talked about this underwear to my crew members , ” Wakata said in an interview , drawing a big laugh from his six shuttle colleagues .
“ But I wore them for about a month , and my station crew members never complained for about a month , so I think the experiment went fine . ”
The Japanese underwear , called J - Wear , is a new type of anti-bacterial , water - absorbent , odor - eliminating clothing designed for space travel .
Aside from underwear , the line includes shirts , pants and socks .
Wakata tested all of them during his mission ; he had four pairs of the silver - coated underwear , a cross between briefs and boxers .
“ We ’ll see the results after landing , ” Wakata said .
J- Wear is billed as being antistatic and flame retardant , which is especially important for spaceship wear .
The cotton - and - polyester clothes are also seamless , making them lighter and more comfortable , according to the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency .
The goal is “ comfortable everyday clothes for life in a spaceship . ”
Advertisement
NASA ’s space station program manager , Mike Suffredini , stressed the importance of testing new products , especially those aimed at improving astronauts ’ quality of life .
There ’s no way to wash clothes in space .
Station residents simply ditch dirty outfits , along with other garbage , in cargo ships no longer needed that are sent plunging in flames through the atmosphere .
“ Eventually , we ’re going to do exploration .
We ’re going to go to the moon .
We ’re going to go beyond the moon someday , and little things like this will seem like really , really big things when you ’re far away from Mother Earth , ” Suffredini told reporters .
Tags
If we look beneath the surface of our public affairs , we can discern one fundamental fact , namely , a great redistribution of power between society and the State .
This is the fact that interests the student of civilization .
He has only a secondary or derived interest in matters like price fixing , wage fixing , inflation , political banking , " agricultural adjustment , " and similar items of State policy that fill the pages of newspapers and the mouths of publicists and politicians .
All these can be run up under one head .
They have an immediate and temporary importance , and for this reason they monopolize public attention , but they all come to the same thing ; which is , an increase of State power and a corresponding decrease of social power .
It is unfortunately none too well understood that , just as the State has no money of its own , so it has no power of its own .
All the power it has is what society gives it , plus what it confiscates from time to time on one pretext or another ; there is no other source from which State power can be drawn .
Therefore every assumption of State power , whether by gift or seizure , leaves society with so much less power .
There is never , nor can there be , any strengthening of State power without a corresponding and roughly equivalent depletion of social power .
Moreover , it follows that with any exercise of State power , not only the exercise of social power in the same direction , but the disposition to exercise it in that direction , tends to dwindle .
Mayor Gaynor astonished the whole of New York when he pointed out to a correspondent who had been complaining about the inefficiency of the police , that any citizen has the right to arrest a malefactor and bring him before a magistrate .
" The law of England and of this country , " he wrote , " has been very careful to confer no more right in that respect upon policemen and constables than it confers on every citizen . "
State exercise of that right through a police force had gone on so steadily that not only were citizens indisposed to exercise it , but probably not one in ten thousand knew he had it .
Heretofore in this country sudden crises of misfortune have been met by a mobilization of social power .
In fact — except for certain institutional enterprises like the home for the aged , the lunatic asylum , city hospital , and county poorhouse — destitution , unemployment , " depression , " and similar ills , have been no concern of the State , but have been relieved by the application of social power .
Under Mr. Roosevelt , however , the State assumed this function , publicly announcing the doctrine , brand new in our history , that the State owes its citizens a living .
Students of politics , of course , saw in this merely an astute proposal for a prodigious enhancement of State power ; merely what , as long ago as 1794 , James Madison called " the old trick of turning every contingency into a resource for accumulating force in the government " ; and the passage of time has proved that they were right .
The effect of this upon the balance between State power and social power is clear , and also its effect of a general indoctrination with the idea that an exercise of social power upon such matters is no longer called for .
It is largely in this way that the progressive conversion of social power into State power becomes acceptable and gets itself accepted .
When the Johnstown flood occurred , social power was immediately mobilized and applied with intelligence and vigor .
Its abundance , measured by money alone , was so great that when everything was finally put in order , something like a million dollars remained .
If such a catastrophe happened now , not only is social power perhaps too depleted for the like exercise , but the general instinct would be to let the State see to it .
Not only has social power atrophied to that extent , but the disposition to exercise it in that particular direction has atrophied with it .
If the State has made such matters its business , and has confiscated the social power necessary to deal with them , why , let it deal with them .
We can get some kind of rough measure of this general atrophy by our own disposition when approached by a beggar .
Two years ago we might have been moved to give him something ; today we are moved to refer him to the State 's relief agency .
The State has said to society , " You are either not exercising enough power to meet the emergency , or are exercising it in what I think is an incompetent way , so I shall confiscate your power , and exercise it to suit myself . "
Hence when a beggar asks us for a quarter , our instinct is to say that the State has already confiscated our quarter for his benefit , and he should go to the State about it .
Every positive intervention that the State makes upon industry and commerce has a similar effect .
When the State intervenes to fix wages or prices , or to prescribe the conditions of competition , it virtually tells the enterpriser that he is not exercising social power in the right way , and therefore it proposes to confiscate his power and exercise it according to the State 's own judgment of what is best .
Hence the enterpriser 's instinct is to let the State look after the consequences .
As a simple illustration of this , a manufacturer of a highly specialized type of textiles was saying to me the other day that he had kept his mill going at a loss for five years because he did not want to turn his workpeople on the street in such hard times , but now that the State had stepped in to tell him how he must run his business , the State might jolly well take the responsibility .
The process of converting social power into State power may perhaps be seen at its simplest in cases where the State 's intervention is directly competitive .
The accumulation of State power in various countries has been so accelerated and diversified within the last twenty years that we now see the State functioning as telegraphist , telephonist , match peddler , radio operator , cannon founder , railway builder and owner , railway operator , wholesale and retail tobacconist , shipbuilder and owner , chief chemist , harbor maker and dockbuilder , housebuilder , chief educator , newspaper proprietor , food purveyor , dealer in insurance , and so on through a long list .
It is obvious that private forms of these enterprises must tend to dwindle in proportion as the energy of the State 's encroachments on them increases , for the competition of social power with State power is always disadvantaged , since the State can arrange the terms of competition to suit itself , even to the point of outlawing any exercise of social power whatever in the premises ; in other words , giving itself a monopoly .
Instances of this expedient are common ; the one we are probably best acquainted with is the State 's monopoly on letter carrying .
Social power is estopped by sheer fiat from application to this form of enterprise , notwithstanding it could carry it on far cheaper and — in this country at least — far better .
The advantages of this monopoly in promoting the State 's interests are peculiar .
No other , probably , could secure so large and well - distributed a volume of patronage , under the guise of a public service in constant use by so large a number of people ; it plants a lieutenant of the State at every country crossroad .
It is by no means a pure coincidence that an administration 's chief almoner and whip at large is so regularly appointed postmaster general .
Thus the State " turns every contingency into a resource " for accumulating power in itself , always at the expense of social power ; and with this it develops a habit of acquiescence in the people .
New generations appear , each temperamentally adjusted — or as I believe our American glossary now has it , " conditioned " — to new increments of State power , and they tend to take the process of continuous accumulation as quite in order .
All the State 's institutional voices unite in confirming this tendency ; they unite in exhibiting the progressive conversion of social power into State power as something not only quite in order , but even as wholesome and necessary for the public good .
" Every assumption of State power , whether by gift or seizure , leaves society with so much less power . "
II
In the United States at the present time , the principal indexes of the increase of State power are three in number .
First , the point to which the centralization of State authority has been carried .
Practically all the sovereign rights and powers of the smaller political units — all of them that are significant enough to be worth absorbing — have been absorbed by the federal unit ; nor is this all .
State power has not only been thus concentrated at Washington , but it has been so far concentrated into the hands of the executive that the existing regime is a regime of personal government .
It is nominally republican , but actually monocratic ; a curious anomaly , but highly characteristic of a people little gifted with intellectual integrity .
Personal government is not exercised here in the same ways as in Italy , Russia or Germany , for there is as yet no State interest to be served by so doing , but rather the contrary ; while in those countries there is .
But personal government is always personal government ; the mode of its exercise is a matter of immediate political expediency , and is determined entirely by circumstances .
This regime was established by a coup d'état of a new and unusual kind , practicable only in a rich country .
It was effected , not by violence , like Louis - Napoleon's , or by terrorism , like Mussolini's , but by purchase .
It therefore presents what might be called an American variant of the coup d'état .
Our national legislature was not suppressed by force of arms , like the French Assembly in 1851 , but was bought out of its functions with public money ; and as appeared most conspicuously in the elections of November , 1934 , the consolidation of the coup d'état was effected by the same means ; the corresponding functions in the smaller units were reduced under the personal control of the executive .
This is a most remarkable phenomenon ; possibly nothing quite like it ever took place ; and its character and implications deserve the most careful attention .
A second index is supplied by the prodigious extension of the bureaucratic principle that is now observable .
This is attested prima facie by the number of new boards , bureaus , and commissions set up at Washington in the last two years .
They are reported as representing something like 90,000 new employees appointed outside the civil service , and the total of the federal payroll in Washington is reported as something over three million dollars per month .
This , however , is relatively a small matter .
The pressure of centralization has tended powerfully to convert every official and every political aspirant in the smaller units into a venal and complaisant agent of the federal bureaucracy .
This presents an interesting parallel with the state of things prevailing in the Roman Empire in the last days of the Flavian dynasty , and afterwards .
The rights and practices of local self - government , which were formerly very considerable in the provinces and much more so in the municipalities , were lost by surrender rather than by suppression .
The imperial bureaucracy , which up to the second century was comparatively a modest affair , grew rapidly to great size , and local politicians were quick to see the advantage of being on terms with it .
They came to Rome with their hats in their hands — as governors , congressional aspirants and such - like now go to Washington .
Their eyes and thoughts were constantly fixed on Rome , because recognition and preferment lay that way ; and in their incorrigible sycophancy they became , as Plutarch says , like hypochondriacs who dare not eat or take a bath without consulting their physician .
A third index is seen in the erection of poverty and mendicancy into a permanent political asset .
Two years ago , many of our people were in hard straits ; to some extent , no doubt , through no fault of their own , though it is now clear that in the popular view of their case , as well as in the political view , the line between the deserving poor and the undeserving poor was not distinctly drawn .
Popular feeling ran high at the time , and the prevailing wretchedness was regarded with undiscriminating emotion , as evidence of some general wrong done upon its victims by society at large , rather than as the natural penalty of greed , folly or actual misdoings ; which in large part it was .
The State , always instinctively " turning every contingency into a resource " for accelerating the conversion of social power into State power , was quick to take advantage of this state of mind .
All that was needed to organize these unfortunates into an invaluable political property was to declare the doctrine that the State owes all its citizens a living ; and this was accordingly done .
It immediately precipitated an enormous mass of subsidized voting power , an enormous resource for strengthening the State at the expense of society .
" Thus the State ' turns every contingency into a resource ' for accumulating power in itself , always at the expense of social power … "
III
There is an impression that the enhancement of State power which has taken place since 1932 is provisional and temporary , that the corresponding depletion of social power is by way of a kind of emergency loan , and therefore is not to be scrutinized too closely .
There is every probability that this belief is devoid of foundation .
No doubt our present regime will be modified in one way and another ; indeed , it must be , for the process of consolidation itself requires it .
But any essential change would be quite unhistorical , quite without precedent , and is therefore most unlikely ; and by an essential change , I mean one that will tend to redistribute actual power between the State and society .
In the nature of things , there is no reason why such a change should take place , and every reason why it should not .
We shall see various apparent recessions , apparent compromises , but the one thing we may be quite sure of is that none of these will tend to diminish actual State power .
For example , we shall no doubt shortly see the great pressure group of politically organized poverty and mendicancy subsidized indirectly instead of directly , because State interest can not long keep pace with the hand - over - head disposition of the masses to loot their own Treasury .
The method of direct subsidy , or sheer cash purchase , will therefore in all probability soon give way to the indirect method of what is called " social legislation " ; that is , a multiplex system of State - managed pensions , insurances and indemnities of various kinds .
This is an apparent recession , and when it occurs it will no doubt be proclaimed as an actual recession , no doubt accepted as such ; but is it ?
Does it actually tend to diminish State power and increase social power ?
Obviously not , but quite the opposite .
It tends to consolidate firmly this particular fraction of State power , and opens the way to getting an indefinite increment upon it by the mere continuous invention of new courses and developments of State - administered social legislation , which is an extremely simple business .
One may add the observation for whatever its evidential value may be worth , that if the effect of progressive social legislation upon the sum total of State power were unfavorable or even nil , we should hardly have found Prince de Bismarck and the British Liberal politicians of forty years ago going in for anything remotely resembling it .
When , therefore , the inquiring student of civilization has occasion to observe this or any other apparent recession upon any point of our present regime , he may content himself with asking the one question , What effect has this upon the sum total of State power ?
The answer he gives himself will show conclusively whether the recession is actual or apparent , and this is all he is concerned to know .
There is also an impression that if actual recessions do not come about of themselves , they may be brought about by the expedient of voting one political party out and another one in .
This idea rests upon certain assumptions that experience has shown to be unsound ; the first one being that the power of the ballot is what republican political theory makes it out to be , and that therefore the electorate has an effective choice in the matter .
It is a matter of open and notorious fact that nothing like this is true .
Our nominally republican system is actually built on an imperial model , with our professional politicians standing in the place of the Praetorian guards ; they meet from time to time , decide what can be " got away with , " and how , and who is to do it ; and the electorate votes according to their prescriptions .
Under these conditions it is easy to provide the appearance of any desired concession of State power , without the reality ; our history shows innumerable instances of very easy dealing with problems in practical politics much more difficult than that .
One may remark in this connection also the notoriously baseless assumption that party designations connote principles , and that party pledges imply performance .
Moreover , underlying these assumptions and all others that faith in " political action " contemplates , is the assumption that the interests of the State and the interests of society are , at least theoretically , identical ; whereas in theory they are directly opposed , and this opposition invariably declares itself in practice to the precise extent that circumstances permit .
However , without pursuing these matters further at the moment , it is probably enough to observe here that in the nature of things the exercise of personal government , the control of a huge and growing bureaucracy , and the management of an enormous mass of subsidized voting power , are as agreeable to one stripe of politician as they are to another .
Presumably they interest a Republican or a Progressive as much as they do a Democrat , Communist , Farmer - Labourite , Socialist , or whatever a politician may , for electioneering purposes , see fit to call himself .
This was demonstrated in the local campaigns of 1934 by the practical attitude of politicians who represented nominal opposition parties .
It is now being further demonstrated by the derisible haste that the leaders of the official opposition are making towards what they call " reorganization " of their party .
One may well be inattentive to their words ; their actions , however , mean simply that the recent accretions of State power are here to stay , and that they are aware of it ; and that , such being the case , they are preparing to dispose themselves most advantageously in a contest for their control and management .
This is all that " reorganization " of the Republican party means , and all it is meant to mean ; and this is in itself quite enough to show that any expectation of an essential change of regime through a change of party administration is illusory .
On the contrary , it is clear that whatever party competition we shall see hereafter will be on the same terms as heretofore .
It will be a competition for control and management , and it would naturally issue in still closer centralization , still further extension of the bureaucratic principle , and still larger concessions to subsidized voting power .
This course would be strictly historical , and is furthermore to be expected as lying in the nature of things , as it so obviously does .
Indeed , it is by this means that the aim of the collectivists seems likeliest to be attained in this country ; this aim being the complete extinction of social power through absorption by the State .
Their fundamental doctrine was formulated and invested with a quasi-religious sanction by the idealist philosophers of the last century ; and among peoples who have accepted it in terms as well as in fact , it is expressed in formulas almost identical with theirs .
Thus , for example , when Hitler says that " the State dominates the nation because it alone represents it , " he is only putting into loose popular language the formula of Hegel , that " the State is the general substance , whereof individuals are but accidents . "
Or , again , when Mussolini says , " Everything for the State ; nothing outside the State ; nothing against the State , " he is merely vulgarizing the doctrine of Fichte , that " the State is the superior power , ultimate and beyond appeal , absolutely independent . "
It may be in place to remark here the essential identity of the various extant forms of collectivism .
The superficial distinctions of Fascism , Bolshevism , Hitlerism , are the concern of journalists and publicists ; the serious student sees in them only the one root idea of a complete conversion of social power into State power .
When Hitler and Mussolini invoke a kind of debased and hoodwinking mysticism to aid their acceleration of this process , the student at once recognizes his old friend , the formula of Hegel , that " the State incarnates the Divine Idea upon earth , " and he is not hoodwinked .
The journalist and the impressionable traveler may make what they will of " the new religion of Bolshevism " ; the student contents himself with remarking clearly the exact nature of the process which this inculcation is designed to sanction .
Indeed , the aim of the collectivists is the complete extinction of social power through absorption by the State .
IV
This process — the conversion of social power into State power — has not been carried as far here as it has elsewhere ; as it has in Russia , Italy or Germany , for example .
Two things , however , are to be observed .
First , that it has gone a long way , at a rate of progress which has of late been greatly accelerated .
What has chiefly differentiated its progress here from its progress in other countries is its unspectacular character .
Mr. Jefferson wrote in 1823 that there was no danger he dreaded so much as " the consolidation [ i.e. , centralization ] of our government by the noiseless and therefore unalarming instrumentality of the Supreme Court . "
These words characterize every advance that we have made in State aggrandizement .
Each one has been noiseless and therefore unalarming , especially to a people notoriously preoccupied , inattentive and incurious .
Even the coup d'état of 1932 was noiseless and unalarming .
In Russia , Italy , Germany , the coup d'état was violent and spectacular ; it had to be ; but here it was neither .
Under cover of a nationwide , State - managed mobilization of inane buffoonery and aimless commotion , it took place in so unspectacular a way that its true nature escaped notice , and even now is not generally understood .
The method of consolidating the ensuing regime , moreover , was also noiseless and unalarming ; it was merely the prosaic and unspectacular " higgling of the market , " to which a long and uniform political experience had accustomed us .
A visitor from a poorer and thriftier country might have regarded Mr. Farley 's activities in the local campaigns of 1934 as striking or even spectacular , but they made no such impression on us .
They seemed so familiar , so much the regular thing , that one heard little comment on them .
Moreover , political habit led us to attribute whatever unfavorable comment we did hear , to interest ; either partisan or monetary interest , or both .
We put it down as the jaundiced judgment of persons with axes to grind ; and naturally the regime did all it could to encourage this view .
The second thing to be observed is that certain formulas , certain arrangements of words , stand as an obstacle in the way of our perceiving how far the conversion of social power into State power has actually gone .
The force of phrase and name distorts the identification of our own actual acceptances and acquiescences .
We are accustomed to the rehearsal of certain poetic litanies , and provided their cadence be kept entire , we are indifferent to their correspondence with truth and fact .
When Hegel 's doctrine of the State , for example , is restated in terms by Hitler and Mussolini , it is distinctly offensive to us , and we congratulate ourselves on our freedom from the " yoke of a dictator 's tyranny . "
No American politician would dream of breaking in on our routine of litanies with anything of the kind .
We may imagine , for example , the shock to popular sentiment that would ensue upon Mr. Roosevelt 's declaring publicly that " the State embraces everything , and nothing has value outside the State .
The State creates right . "
Yet an American politician , as long as he does not formulate that doctrine in set terms , may go further with it in a practical way than Mussolini has gone , and without trouble or question .
Suppose Mr. Roosevelt should defend his regime by publicly reasserting Hegel 's dictum that " the State alone possesses rights , because it is the strongest . "
One can hardly imagine that our public would get that down without a great deal of retching .
Yet how far , really , is that doctrine alien to our public 's actual acquiescences ?
Surely not far .
The point is that in respect of the relation between the theory and the actual practice of public affairs , the American is the most unphilosophical of beings .
The rationalization of conduct in general is most repugnant to him ; he prefers to emotionalize it .
He is indifferent to the theory of things , so long as he may rehearse his formulas ; and so long as he can listen to the patter of his litanies , no practical inconsistency disturbs him — indeed , he gives no evidence of even recognizing it as an inconsistency .
The ablest and most acute observer among the many who came from Europe to look us over in the early part of the last century was the one who is for some reason the most neglected , notwithstanding that in our present circumstances , especially , he is worth more to us than all the de Tocquevilles , Bryces , Trollopes , and Chateaubriands put together .
This was the noted Stationing and political economist , Michel Chevalier .
Professor Chinard , in his admirable biographical study of John Adams , has called attention to Chevalier 's observation that the American people have " the morale of an army on the march . "
The more one thinks of this , the more clearly one sees how little there is in what our publicists are fond of calling " the American psychology " that it does not exactly account for ; and it exactly accounts for the trait that we are considering .
An army on the march has no philosophy ; it views itself as a creature of the moment .
It does not rationalize conduct except in terms of an immediate end .
As Tennyson observed , there is a pretty strict official understanding against its doing so ; " theirs not to reason why . "
Emotionalizing conduct is another matter , and the more of it the better ; it is encouraged by a whole elaborate paraphernalia of showy etiquette , flags , music , uniforms , decorations , and the careful cultivation of a very special sort of camaraderie .
In every relation to " the reason of the thing , " however — in the ability and eagerness , as Plato puts it , " to see things as they are " — the mentality of an army on the march is merely so much delayed adolescence ; it remains persistently , incorrigibly , and notoriously infantile .
Past generations of Americans , as Martin Chuzzlewit left record , erected this infantilism into a distinguishing virtue , and they took great pride in it as the mark of a chosen people , destined to live forever amidst the glory of their own unparalleled achievements wie Gott in Frankreich .
Mr. Jefferson Brick , General Choke and the Honorable Elijah Pogram made a first - class job of indoctrinating their countrymen with the idea that a philosophy is wholly unnecessary , and that a concern with the theory of things is effeminate and unbecoming .
An envious and presumably dissolute Frenchman may say what he likes about the morale of an army on the march , but the fact remains that it has brought us where we are , and has got us what we have .
Look at a continent subdued , see the spread of our industry and commerce , our railways , newspapers , finance companies , schools , colleges , what you will !
Well , if all this has been done without a philosophy , if we have grown to this unrivalled greatness without any attention to the theory of things , does it not show that philosophy and the theory of things are all moonshine , and not worth a practical people 's consideration ?
The morale of an army on the march is good enough for us , and we are proud of it .
The present generation does not speak in quite this tone of robust certitude .
It seems , if anything , rather less openly contemptuous of philosophy ; one even sees some signs of a suspicion that in our present circumstances the theory of things might be worth looking into , and it is especially towards the theory of sovereignty and rulership that this new attitude of hospitality appears to be developing .
The condition of public affairs in all countries , notably in our own , has done more than bring under review the mere current practice of politics , the character and quality of representative politicians , and the relative merits of this or that form or mode of government .
It has served to suggest attention to the one institution whereof all these forms or modes are but the several , and , from the theoretical point of view , indifferent , manifestations .
It suggests that finality does not lie with consideration of species , but of genus ; it does not lie with consideration of the characteristic marks that differentiate the republican State , monocratic State , constitutional , collectivist , totalitarian , Hitlerian , Bolshevist , what you will .
It lies with consideration of the State itself .
The citizen should ask himself whether he has a theory of the State , and if so , whether he can assure himself that history supports it .
V
There appears to be a curious difficulty about exercising reflective thought upon the actual nature of an institution into which one was born and one 's ancestors were born .
One accepts it as one does the atmosphere ; one 's practical adjustments to it are made by a kind of reflex .
One seldom thinks about the air until one notices some change , favorable or unfavorable , and then one 's thought about it is special ; one thinks about purer air , lighter air , heavier air , not about air .
So it is with certain human institutions .
We know that they exist , that they affect us in various ways , but we do not ask how they came to exist , or what their original intention was , or what primary function it is that they are actually fulfilling ; and when they affect us so unfavorably that we rebel against them , we contemplate substituting nothing beyond some modification or variant of the same institution .
Thus colonial America , oppressed by the monarchical State , brings in the republican State ; Germany gives up the republican State for the Hitlerian State ; Russia exchanges the monocratic State for the collectivist State ; Italy exchanges the constitutionalist State for the totalitarian State .
It is interesting to observe that in the year 1935 the average individual 's incurious attitude towards the phenomenon of the State is precisely what his attitude was towards the phenomenon of the Church in the year , say , 1500 .
The State was then a very weak institution ; the Church was very strong .
The individual was born into the Church , as his ancestors had been for generations , in precisely the formal , documented fashion in which he is now born into the State .
He was taxed for the Church 's support , as he now is for the State 's support .
He was supposed to accept the official theory and doctrine of the Church , to conform to its discipline , and in a general way to do as it told him ; again , precisely the sanctions that the State now lays upon him .
If he were reluctant or recalcitrant , the Church made a satisfactory amount of trouble for him , as the State now does .
Notwithstanding all this , it does not appear to have occurred to the Church citizen of that day , any more than it occurs to the State citizen of the present , to ask what sort of institution it was that claimed his allegiance .
There it was ; he accepted its own account of itself , took it as it stood , and at its own valuation .
Even when he revolted , fifty years later , he merely exchanged one form or mode of the Church for another , the Roman for the Calvinist , Lutheran , Zwinglian , or what not ; again , quite as the modern State citizen exchanges one mode of the State for another .
He did not examine the institution itself , nor does the State citizen today .
My purpose in writing is to raise the question of whether the enormous depletion of social power which we are witnessing everywhere does not suggest the importance of knowing more than we do about the essential nature of the institution that is so rapidly absorbing this volume of power .
One of my friends said to me lately that if the public - utility corporations did not mend their ways , the State would take over their business and operate it .
He spoke with a curiously reverent air of finality .
Just so , I thought , might a Church citizen , at the end of the fifteenth century , have spoken of some impending intervention of the Church ; and I wondered then whether he had any better - informed and closer - reasoned theory of the State than his prototype had of the Church .
Frankly , I am sure he had not .
His pseudoconception was merely an unreasoned acceptance of the State on its own terms and at its own valuation ; and in this acceptance he showed himself no more intelligent , and no less , than the whole mass of State citizenry at large .
It appears to me that with the depletion of social power going on at the rate it is , the State citizen should look very closely into the essential nature of the institution that is bringing it about .
He should ask himself whether he has a theory of the State , and if so , whether he can assure himself that history supports it .
He will not find this a matter that can be settled offhand ; it needs a good deal of investigation , and a stiff exercise of reflective thought .
He should ask , in the first place , how the State originated , and why ; it must have come about somehow , and for some purpose .
This seems an extremely easy question to answer , but he will not find it so .
Then he should ask what it is that history exhibits continuously as the State 's primary function .
Then , whether he finds that " the State " and " government " are strictly synonymous terms ; he uses them as such , but are they ?
Are there any invariable characteristic marks that differentiate the institution of government from the institution of the State ?
Then finally he should decide whether , by the testimony of history , the State is to be regarded as , in essence , a social or an antisocial institution ?
It is pretty clear now that if the Church citizen of 1500 had put his mind on questions as fundamental as these , his civilization might have had a much easier and pleasanter course to run ; and the State citizen of today may profit by his experience .
A Prior Lake couple allegedly thought it would be “ a good educational tool ” for their son and his friends to learn how to make homemade explosives from PVC pipe and gunpowder .
They had no idea , they reportedly said , that the teens would go on a destructive spree , using pipe bombs to explode mailboxes in Burnsville , Lakeville and rural Scott County .
One of the incidents drew Bloomington ’s bomb squad , according to charges .
The allegations surfaced in two criminal complaints filed last month by the Scott County attorney ’s office against Robert and Roberta Masters , who each face felony charges of manufacturing explosives and aiding offenders in a felony .
Their first court appearance is scheduled for Nov. 2 .
Robert Masters , 48 , is suspected of accompanying his son last spring to Fleet Farm in Lakeville , where , over two visits , they bought 2 pounds of gunpowder using a credit card .
The powder , which is used to arm muzzle - loading firearms , cannot be bought by anyone under the age of 18 .
Masters then showed his son and his son ’s friends how to assemble explosives on the family ’s workbench , and he and his wife encouraged the teens to learn more by watching how - to videos on YouTube , according to the criminal complaints .
Not long afterward , mailboxes in Burnsville , Lakeville and Scott County began exploding .
Five teens are under suspicion of taking part in at least six bombings .
A sixth is believed to have been a witness in at least one of them .
The teens are identified solely by their initials in the complaints because they are juveniles .
One of the teens said the group began blowing up mailboxes at random but later targeted the homes of people they knew , the complaints said .
A woman answering the phone at the Masters ’ residence Wednesday said , “ I have nothing to say , ” and hung up the phone .
The criminal complaints offer this version of events :
On May 30 , a Scott County deputy investigated a mailbox that had been destroyed in Credit River Township , outside Prior Lake .
The homeowner said that a week earlier , someone had thrown eggs at her house and placed on her front stoop a bag of paintballs , which had char burns as if it had been lit on fire .
The homeowner ’s daughter said the family was acquainted with her brother ’s 16 - year - old classmate , identified only as A.L.U. in charges .
A.L.U.’s female friend had once approached her brother and asked about damage to his house .
On June 14 , a Scott County deputy called in the Bloomington Police Department ’s bomb squad to remove a 6 - to 8 - inch pipe bomb from another mailbox in New Market Township .
In that incident , the homeowner ’s son reported receiving a text message on his cell phone from his estranged 16 - year - old girlfriend , initials L.J.L. , which read : “ fine , now I will have to do something to you and it wo n’t be TP … that ’s for middle schoolers … I bet you live out on Red Fox Drive , do n’t you ”
When questioned by police , the girl initially denied any involvement in the bombings , but later admitted she accompanied a group of teens as a spectator on three occasions , according to charges .
Police stopped by A.L.U ’s home June 19 and found Roberta Masters , 52 , there picking up her son .
The criminal complaint states the mother told the teen not to talk to the detective , though he came to the door and answered questions anyway .
That night , Robert Masters met with several parents of the other suspects in the bombings to coordinate what each family would tell police , according to charges .
Witnesses later reported the couple said “ they did not want the police to parent their child . …
They also suggested getting all of the families together to tell them not to talk to police , to get their stories straight and make amends with all of the victims . ”
Roberta Masters allegedly told the group she “ thought bomb making was educational and did not want to stifle her son ’s curiosity . ”
The agency says it stands for " safer food " .
But while it has a mixed record on additives that cause hyperactivity , toxic dyes , illegal GM foods , or pesticides , it has , from the start , campaigned against organic food , which no one claims to be dangerous .
Indeed , in 2005 , its performance review showed that this – and its vigorous support of GM foods – had undermined confidence in its impartiality , and led to calls for it to " revisit both areas " .
Well , I suppose it has revisited organic food – though not as the review intended .
It spun its new report as showing that it had no health benefits over conventional produce .
But the report only looked at the weakest part of the case for organics , that they have better nutritional content .
Then , though it merely reviewed other studies , it excluded the most comprehensive one , which showed that organic produce has significant nutritional advantages in fighting cancer .
The only aspect of Sam 's character that might exceed his brutal honesty is ...
Sam , the unlikely star of the show , is n't really trying to be funny .
Until last week , Sam had no idea his youngest son had been broadcasting his anecdotes for the world to read .
But you could write a book about Sam .
Indeed , Justin has already signed with an agent and is considering offers from book publishers .
Justin started Twittering his dad 's musings on Aug . 3 . In less than a month , the page has gotten shout - outs from " The Daily Show 's " Rob Corddry , a popular San Francisco blog called Laughing Squid and " Forgetting Sarah Marshall " star Kristen Bell .
Corddry told his nearly 1 million followers it's " the best thing ever . "
Bell urges others to read it " unless you 're allergic to laughing hysterically . "
The site , which we 'll prudishly call Stuff My Dad Says , contains droll , irreverent fragments of conversation , observation and , in many cases , expletives stemming from the retired 73 - year - old 's frustrations with his three sons , the mysteries of technology , and actress Kate Beckinsale .
" Who is this woman ? " he asks secondhand in one tweet .
" Kate Beckinsale ?
Well , you can tell Kate Beckinsale she sucks . "
We should preface this story with a disclaimer : Justin and his dad use profane language .
A lot of it .
In fact , the very name of the Twitter page Justin runs contains a word synonymous with human waste that is unsuitable for a family publication .
The tweets themselves contain still more naughty language .
So , click at your own risk .
Once a day , Halpern , 28 , posts a memorable quote that his dad , Samuel , had said the day before .
More than 200,000 users subscribe to get their daily dose of Sam .
In Justin Halpern 's case , moving from Los Angeles to his parents ' house in San Diego planted the seeds for a Twitter page that 's quickly growing into an Internet phenomenon , attracting offers from literary agents and book publishers .
Having to move back home at the age of 28 almost universally signals defeat .
Images of an unemployed , not - so - well - adjusted George Costanza character from " Seinfeld " might spring to mind .
Justin Halpern , right , and his father , Samuel Halpern , third from the right , attending the World Baseball Classic with Justin 's friend Brad Lamers , sitting in the middle .
Credit : Patrick Schumacker / For The Times
... his insistence on absolute privacy .
Before retiring , Sam worked in nuclear medicine for the University of California , San Diego .
As you might imagine with a state - funded job that requires classified research , Sam kept many aspects of his life close to his chest .
Despite data that suggest that Facebook is popular among older people , you will almost certainly never see Sam on a social network .
He keeps a separate computer from his wife on the other side of the house that is n't connected to the Internet .
" I was n't worried it was going to get back to him , " Justin said about Sam discovering the site .
" He does n't go on the Internet .
It was like I was writing a newspaper on Mars . "
In all aspects , Sam takes his privacy very seriously -- a detail not lost on his family .
" You do not screw with my dad when he's in the bathroom , " Justin said .
" My brothers and I know this for sure .
You never knock on the bathroom door when my dad is in . "
Growing up , Justin and his two brothers were pretty scared of Sam .
Heck , they 're still scared of him .
After telling Justin 's brother , Dan , about Stuff My Dad Says , Justin remembered Dan laughing hysterically to the point of tears .
Then , Dan 's tone changed .
" Dude , you can't tell Dad , " Justin recalled his brother advising him .
So , the fact that Justin was getting offers for book deals and that the number of subscribers to the page had ballooned to about the equivalent of Glendale 's population gave him reason enough to fear his father 's reaction when he finally broke the news .
One night about a week ago , after walking a few miles around their neighborhood in San Diego to organize his thoughts , Justin gathered up his courage and dropped the bomb .
" I told him , ' OK , there 's this site called Twitter . '
And he was like , ' I know Twitter . '
And then he was like , ' Now , do you have to go onto the Internet to access Twitter ? ' "
After providing a basic overview of the project , Justin prepared for the fallout .
" I should have seen it coming , " Justin said .
" He gave the most perfect response .
He laughed for , like , 10 seconds , and then he goes , ' I can't find my cellphone .
Can you call it ? ' "
Somehow , disaster was averted .
Justin's other major concern leading up to the confession -- aside from his dad being furious with him -- was whether the awareness would change the things Sam said and how he acted .
Fortunately , fame has n't gone to his head .
" He really does n't give a crap , " Justin said , but " I think he does n't fully understand it . "
Sam did have one stipulation after hearing about the experiment .
" Keep the money from whatever you get .
I have my own money , " Justin recalled his dad saying .
" I just do n't want to do any interviews . "
He reinforced that last week when The Times requested Justin pitch the interview idea again to his father , who is apparently a longtime reader of the newspaper .
" ' The L.A . Times wants to interv --' ' No , ' " Justin recapped in an e-mail .
" He hates attention , " Justin said about his dad .
And he has reason to .
Sam had a long career in a highly secretive medical field and fought in a very unpopular war .
The son of a Southern sharecropper , he would help around the farm as a child , tending to the tobacco fields .
Not exactly a glamorous lifestyle .
Sam inherited a unique trait from Justin 's grandfather .
" I probably saw him more often without clothes than I saw him with clothes on , " Justin said about growing up with his dad .
" I think they would just get done with the farming , and they would be really tired .
And they would just strip down and walk around naked . "
" It would be awkward because friends would be coming over , and I would have to be like , ' You know , you have to put clothes on , ' " Justin reminisced .
His friends have long loved Sam .
They , too , have seen the grizzled man in the buff .
Justin has an almost endless number of hysterical stories about his dad .
There was the time Sam coached Justin 's little league team and got so frustrated with the players that he quit the gig on the spot , leaving a 9 - year - old Justin to walk a few miles home .
" Even at 9 , I knew this was going to end terribly , " Justin said .
" It was just me walking home , and I saw him driving .
And he pulls up next to me and says , ' Aw , I forgot to pick you up , did n't I ? ' ... ' I 'm not coaching that [ expletive deleted ] team anymore . ' "
And then there was the time Justin filled Sam's Alfa Romeo Spider convertible with water .
Or the time Sam had a bad day and declared , " I 'll wear clothes if I want to wear clothes , and I wo n't wear clothes if I do n't want to wear clothes , " Justin recited .
" And the fact that your friends are coming over soon is inconsequential . "
Justin had been scribbling down his dad 's rants and quips in a notebook since childhood .
In the last year or so , he began updating his Google Talk instant messenger status with quotes to laugh about later with friends who know his dad .
One of them , who had become quite adept at Twitter , suggested Justin use the service to actually preserve the fragments .
( Google Talk statuses are not archived . )
For a week or so after he created the account at the beginning of August , Stuff My Dad Says had five followers -- all friends of Justin .
His buddy , who runs a fairly popular Fake Michael Bay Twitter page ( " EXPLOSIONS ! " ) , asked Justin if he could give him a shout - out on the weekly # followfriday ritual , where Twitterers suggest friends to their followers .
" Nobody knows my dad , so it 's not going to make any sense , " Justin recalled telling him .
( Justin 's mom had the same reaction when he told her about the site . )
Regardless , on Aug. 14 , the tweet went out , and Stuff My Dad Says exploded .
He began picking up a few hundred followers a day .
Now , it 's a few hundred per minute .
Justin places no ads by which to earn revenue on the page .
Twitter does n't have a platform for monetizing a feed -- not that Justin necessarily cares to .
" The reactions have been all really positive , " Justin said .
" And people telling me I 'm a loser , which I 'm fine with . "
Contrary to the " 28 - year - old guy living with his parents " stereotype , Justin is , in fact , employed .
( He says he moved back to San Diego to get away from the big city life in L.A. )
He recently left his job writing for the humor website he founded , called Holy Taco , along with his co-founder , Cory Jones , to write for " Maxim . "
" I wish maybe I was n't living at home , " Justin said during a phone interview .
" But if you had to live at home when you were 28 , this is a good situation .
I really like my mom ; I love my dad ; I love my dog . "
At this point , Sam can be heard in the background quipping about how he loves the dog , too .
Sam may have wanted his son to be a professional baseball player after bonding for many years over the sport .
( A recent Stuff My Dad Says tweet about the pair watching the Little League World Series read , " These kids are all fat .
I remember when you were in little league ....
You were fat . " )
But he fully supported Justin 's pursuit of becoming a writer .
" He 's a really good dad , " Justin said .
" He just does n't let you get away with anything . "
Corrected , 5:20 p.m. :
The original version said Samuel Halpern worked at the University of California , Santa Barbara .
In fact , it was at the University of California , San Diego .
-- Mark Milian
Follow my commentary on technology and social media on Twitter @markmilian .
Trend forecaster , renowned for being accurate in the past , says that America will cease to be a developed nation within 4 years , crisis will be “ worse than the great depression ”
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , November 13 , 2008
The man who predicted the 1987 stock market crash and the fall of the Soviet Union is now forecasting revolution in America , food riots and tax rebellions – all within four years , while cautioning that putting food on the table will be a more pressing concern than buying Christmas gifts by 2012 .
Gerald Celente , the CEO of Trends Research Institute , is renowned for his accuracy in predicting future world and economic events , which will send a chill down your spine considering what he told Fox News this week .
Celente says that by 2012 America will become an undeveloped nation , that there will be a revolution marked by food riots , squatter rebellions , tax revolts and job marches , and that holidays will be more about obtaining food , not gifts .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ We ’re going to see the end of the retail Christmas … . we ’re going to see a fundamental shift take place …. putting food on the table is going to be more important that putting gifts under the Christmas tree , ” said Celente , adding that the situation would be “ worse than the great depression ” .
“ America ’s going to go through a transition the likes of which no one is prepared for , ” said Celente , noting that people ’s refusal to acknowledge that America was even in a recession highlights how big a problem denial is in being ready for the true scale of the crisis .
Watch the clip .
Celente , who successfully predicted the 1997 Asian Currency Crisis , the subprime mortgage collapse and the massive devaluation of the U.S. dollar , told UPI in November last year that the following year would be known as “ The Panic of 2008 , ” adding that “ giants ( would ) tumble to their deaths , ” which is exactly what we have witnessed with the collapse of Lehman Brothers , Bear Stearns and others .
He also said that the dollar would eventually be devalued by as much as 90 per cent .
The consequence of what we have seen unfold this year would lead to a lowering in living standards , Celente predicted a year ago , which is also being borne out by plummeting retail sales figures .
The prospect of revolution was a concept echoed by a British Ministry of Defence report last year , which predicted that within 30 years , the growing gap between the super rich and the middle class , along with an urban underclass threatening social order would mean , “ The world ’s middle classes might unite , using access to knowledge , resources and skills to shape transnational processes in their own class interest , ” and that , “ The middle classes could become a revolutionary class . ”
In a separate recent interview , Celente went further on the subject of revolution in America .
“ There will be a revolution in this country , ” he said .
“ It ’s not going to come yet , but it ’s going to come down the line and we ’re going to see a third party and this was the catalyst for it : the takeover of Washington , D. C. , in broad daylight by Wall Street in this bloodless coup .
And it will happen as conditions continue to worsen . ”
“ The first thing to do is organize with tax revolts .
That ’s going to be the big one because people can’t afford to pay more school tax , property tax , any kind of tax .
You ’re going to start seeing those kinds of protests start to develop . ”
“ It ’s going to be very bleak .
Very sad .
And there is going to be a lot of homeless , the likes of which we have never seen before .
Tent cities are already sprouting up around the country and we ’re going to see many more . ”
“ We ’re going to start seeing huge areas of vacant real estate and squatters living in them as well .
It ’s going to be a picture the likes of which Americans are not going to be used to .
It ’s going to come as a shock and with it , there ’s going to be a lot of crime .
And the crime is going to be a lot worse than it was before because in the last 1929 Depression , people ’s minds were n’t wrecked on all these modern drugs – over - the - counter drugs , or crystal meth or whatever it might be .
So , you have a huge underclass of very desperate people with their minds chemically blown beyond anybody ’s comprehension . ”
The George Washington blog has compiled a list of quotes attesting to Celente ’s accuracy as a trend forecaster .
“ When CNN wants to know about the Top Trends , we ask Gerald Celente . ”
— CNN Headline News “ A network of 25 experts whose range of specialties would rival many university faculties . ”
— The Economist “ Gerald Celente has a knack for getting the zeitgeist right . ”
— USA Today “ There ’s not a better trend forecaster than Gerald Celente .
The man knows what he ’s talking about . ”
– CNBC “ Those who take their predictions seriously … consider the Trends Research Institute . ”
— The Wall Street Journal “ Gerald Celente is always ahead of the curve on trends and uncannily on the mark … he ’s one of the most accurate forecasters around . ”
— The Atlanta Journal - Constitution “ Mr. Celente tracks the world ’s social , economic and business trends for corporate clients . ”
— The New York Times “ Mr. Celente is a very intelligent guy .
We are able to learn about trends from an authority . ”
— 48 Hours , CBS News “ Gerald Celente has a solid track record .
He has predicted everything from the 1987 stock market crash and the demise of the Soviet Union to green marketing and corporate downsizing . ”
— The Detroit News “ Gerald Celente forecast the 1987 stock market crash , ‘ green marketing , ’ and the boom in gourmet coffees . ”
— Chicago Tribune “ The Trends Research Institute is the Standard and Poors of Popular Culture . ”
— The Los Angeles Times “ If Nostradamus were alive today , he ’d have a hard time keeping up with Gerald Celente . ”
— New York Post
So there you have it – hardly a nutjob conspiracy theorist blowhard now is he ?
The price of not heeding his warnings will be far greater than the cost of preparing for the future now .
Storable food and gold are two good places to make a start .
This article was posted : Thursday , November 13 , 2008 at 5:42 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
.-
Today , Pope Benedict XVI canonized five new saints in St. Peter ’s Basilica , including Fr. Damian of Molokai .
During his homily , the Holy Father noted that all of the saints followed the invitation of Christ : " Come , follow me ! "
Speaking to the faithful packed in St. Peter ’s Basilica this morning , the Pope described the invitation of Christ , saying that he " invites his disciples to the total gift of their lives , without calculation and human self - interest , with a wholehearted faith in God . "
This call , the Holy Father continued , is welcomed by the saints who " place themselves in humble obedience " to follow the Lord .
They no longer focus on themselves , the Pope explained , but by their " logic of faith . "
They choose " to go against the trends of the time living according to the Gospel . "
Benedict XVI then gave a brief description of each of the five newly - canonized saints : a bishop , a Trappist brother , two priests and a nun .
Archbishop Zygmunt Szczesny Feliński of Warsaw , founder of the Congregation of the Franciscan Sisters of the Family of Mary , was committed to evangelization and support for the poor , defending the oppressed during the Russian occupation of Poland , and was sentenced to 20 years in exile in Jaroslaw on the Volga .
" His gift of himself to God and man , " the Holy Father said in Polish , was " full of confidence and love , " and " becomes a shining example for the entire Church . "
To those younger generations today who " are not satisfied with what they have , " the Pontiff gave the example of Rafael Arnaiz Baron , who came from a wealthy family and was a bit " of a dreamer . "
A Cistercian oblate , he died when he was 27 years old , and is considered one of the greatest mystics of the twentieth century .
The Pontiff next spoke of Dominican Father Francisco Coll y Guitard , founder of the Congregation of Dominican Sisters of the Annunciation Blessed Virgin Mary .
Through his preaching , the saint spread his love of the Word of God and the Sacrament of Reconciliation among all people especially the young .
Father Damian , the famous apostle to the lepers , left Flanders , Belgium at the age of 23 to go on a mission to modern day Hawaii .
" Not without fear and loathing , " Pope Benedict underlined , " Father Damian made the choice to go on the island of Molokai in the service of lepers who were there , abandoned by all .
So he exposed himself to the disease of which they suffered .
With them he felt at home .
The servant of the Word became a suffering servant , leper with the lepers , during the last four years of his life . "
He continued , " To follow Christ , Father Damian not only left his homeland , but has also staked his health so he , as the word of Jesus announced in today 's Gospel tells us , received eternal life . "
The figure of Father Damian , Benedict XVI added , " teaches us to choose the good fight not those that lead to division , but those that gather us together in unity . "
And finally , the Pope spoke of Jeanne Jugan .
Referring to her by her religious name of St. Mary of the Cross , from the Little Sisters of the Poor , the Holy Father commented on her " wonderful work to help the most vulnerable elderly . "
He noted that her initiatives and goals are " still valid today , given that many elderly people suffer from multiple poverty and loneliness , sometimes even being abandoned by their families . "
The Pope concluded by inviting all present " to allow themselves to be attracted by the shining example of these saints , to be guided by their teachings so that our entire lives become a hymn of praise to God 's love . "
FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) -
The head of U.S. bank Goldman Sachs said on Wednesday that anger over bankers ’ pay was “ understandable and appropriate , ” and that greater scrutiny of trade in complex instruments was needed to keep banks in check .
But with the banking sector bouncing back from the financial crisis , regulatory overkill could choke off economic growth , Lloyd Blankfein told an industry conference in Germany ’s financial hub .
“ I think several months ago took the worst case off the table , and I think the financial markets are in recovery now .
So I believe that the worst of this crisis is off the table , ” he said .
He took a hard line on bankers ’ compensation , arguing there was scant justification for paying outsized bonuses when a bank had lost money for the year .
Anger over compensation was in many respects “ understandable and appropriate , ” he said , adding that Goldman had a clawback tool which let the firm recover some of the bonuses paid if reputational or financial damage ensued .
“ Multi - year guaranteed employment contracts should be banned entirely .
The use of these contracts unfortunately is a common practice in our industry , ” he said .
HOT TOPIC
Bankers ’ pay has been a hot topic at the two - day Banks in Transition annual conference , especially as some finance ministers from the Group of 20 countries want to explore ways to rein in bonuses .
Martin Blessing , the head of Commerzbank , said it was time to end guaranteed bonuses for investment bankers , fuelling debate on what role payoffs play in destabilizing the financial system .
“ I have a feeling that in New York and London guaranteed bonuses are being paid again if people are changing jobs , ” said Blessing , who last year was the lowest - paid chief executive for a German blue - chip company .
“ And therefore I agree with ( HSBC Chairman ) Stephen Green , who said yesterday that bonus payments there should be abolished .
I think this is correct , ” said Blessing , who faces a lawsuit from dozens of London bankers who say they did not get promised bonuses after Commerzbank bought Dresdner Kleinwort last year .
REGULATION
Banks are feeling the heat as regulators , central banks and national governments try to ensure free - wheeling banks do not again pose systemic risks to the financial system .
Central bankers on Sunday proposed a new regulatory framework that would force banks to set aside more profits as a cushion against hard times .
While Goldman ’s Blankfein acknowledged the financial system needed repair as policymakers tried to restore trust , he said they should not try to shelter the sector from the storm of the century and should focus on making trade in derivatives more open to scrutiny .
“ This will do more to enhance price discovery and reduce systemic risk than perhaps any specific rule or regulation , ” he said .
Several MPs are said to have claimed too much for their council tax More than 50 MPs have claimed expenses for council tax they have not paid , the Daily Telegraph says .
They are said to have claimed more than the rates of tax published by councils .
The new expense allegations came after police launched a criminal inquiry into an alleged misuse of expenses by a small number of MPs and peers .
Police say its economic and specialist crime command will investigate , following a public outcry about the way some MPs used their allowances .
The BBC understands that former Labour minister Elliot Morley is one of the MPs under scrutiny by police , as is another Labour MP , David Chaytor .
If I have inadvertently made incorrect claims I will of course pay any money back
Conservative MP David Willetts
Both allegedly claimed interest on mortgages they had already paid off .
A Labour peer , Baroness Uddin , may also face questions about her use of a flat in Maidstone .
In new revelations by the Telegraph - which has obtained expense claims made by all MPs - it is alleged that politicians claimed for council tax on second homes in excess of town halls ' published rates by house band .
The paper also said 18 of the 50 politicians accused over their council tax claims had already made re-payments to the Commons Fees Office .
' I 'm sorry '
The Telegraph says Labour MP Eric Illsley was accused of over - claiming by more than £ 6,000 between 2004 and 2008 .
Mr Illsley said the claims were submitted during a period when receipts were not required .
The claims do not match the council tax bills .
It is embarrassing
Eric Illsley Until recently , MPs only needed to provide receipts for claims higher than £ 250 a month .
Many MPs claimed a notional amount which was n't related to the actual bill , he said .
" This is why the claims do not match the council tax bills .
It is embarrassing .
I 'm sorry it has happened .
" I have never made any secret of my claims and I will pay back the money . "
' Mortified ' Former minister Beverley Hughes was said to have profited by up to £ 2,000 .
She told the paper she was checking her records , but did not believe the amount was as much as that .
Former home secretary David Blunkett told the Telegraph he may have over - claimed by £ 178 .
The expenses row has enveloped all the major parties
His spokesman said : " David 's pretty mortified to have been caught up in this at all , especially as his is the lowest amount of any of them listed in the Telegraph this morning .
" We 'll be checking the exact amount on Monday with the Fees Office , and we 're presuming what 's an 85 p - a - week shortfall is down to rounding up .
" If there is a shortfall and there is money to be repaid then David will obviously repay it straight away . "
Government whip Mark Tami has allegedly profited by about £ 1,500 .
Mr Tami said : " I am going to look into whether I have over - claimed and if I have then clearly I will pay back any over - claim . "
Tory MPs David Willetts and Jeremy Hunt admitted to having over - claimed for council tax by about £ 500 each , the Telegraph said .
Mr Willetts said it was possible that he had " inadvertently " claimed for an 11th month while his council tax bills were divided into 10 payments .
" If I have inadvertently made incorrect claims I will of course pay any money back , " he said .
Error
In May , the Labour MP for Stafford , David Kidney , paid back about £ 2,500 that the Commons authorities mistakenly paid him .
" It 's not factually true that I made inflated claims , " he said .
" The Fees Office made a series of mistakes leading to me being overpaid and that 's why I 've had to pay money back .
The Fees Office letter is on my website " .
In a separate development announced on Friday , Scotland Yard confirmed it would investigate claims made by some MPs and peers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Prime Minister 's website has been hacked in protest over a federal government proposal to introduce a mandatory filter to censor internet content .
The pm.gov.au website was brought down at about 7.20 ( AEST ) last night along with that of the Australian Communications and Media Authority .
There was also an apparent attempt to bring down the website of the Communications Minister , Stephen Conroy .
A check confirmed the PM 's website was down at 8 pm .
All I can say is : the president gave a speech he could have given at any point in the last three years .
No one in that room could disagree with any of the things he said .
I sure do n't ( with the exception of the hate crimes hooey ) .
And he said it well and movingly .
Like we did n't know he could do that .
But the point of electing a president who pledged to actually do things is to hold him to account , and to see if he is willing to take any risk of any kind to actually do something .
I had a few prior tests of his seriousness or signs that he gets it , a few ways to judge if this speech had anything new or specific or clear .
He failed every test .
To wit :
He says he will end Do n't Ask Don't Tell but he has done nothing , and he offered no time - line , no deadline for action and no verifiable record that he has done anything , despite his claims that he has .
He says he is ending the HIV ban , but it is still in force , a year and a half after it was signed by George W. Bush and passed by massive majorities in both houses .
He says he favors equality for gay couples but said nothing tonight to support the initiatives in Maine or in Washngton State or the struggle in Washington DC for marriage equality .
That 's a test of real sincerity on this matter .
He failed it .
People who claim that population growth is the big environmental issue are shifting the blame from the rich to the poor
By George Monbiot
Monbiot.com , 29th September 2009
It ’s no coincidence that most of those who are obsessed with population growth are post - reproductive wealthy white men : it ’s about the only environmental issue for which they ca n’t be blamed .
The brilliant earth systems scientist James Lovelock , for example , claimed last month that “ those who fail to see that population growth and climate change are two sides of the same coin are either ignorant or hiding from the truth .
These two huge environmental problems are inseparable and to discuss one while ignoring the other is irrational . ” [ 1 ]
But it ’s Lovelock who is being ignorant and irrational .
A paper published yesterday in the journal Environment and Urbanization shows that the places where population has been growing fastest are those in which carbon dioxide has been growing most slowly , and vice versa .
Between 1980 and 2005 , for example , Sub-Saharan Africa produced 18.5 % of the world ’s population growth and just 2.4 % of the growth in CO2 .
North America turned out 4 % of the extra people , but 14 % of the extra emissions .
Sixty - three per cent of the world ’s population growth happened in places with very low emissions . [ 2 ]
Even this does not capture it .
The paper points out that around one sixth of the world ’s population is so poor that it produces no significant emissions at all .
This is also the group whose growth rate is likely to be highest .
Households in India earning less than 3,000 rupees a month use a fifth of the electricity per head and one seventh of the transport fuel of households earning Rs30,000 or more .
Street sleepers use almost nothing .
Those who live by processing waste ( a large part of the urban underclass ) often save more greenhouse gases than they produce .
Many of the emissions for which poorer countries are blamed should in fairness belong to us .
Gas flaring by companies exporting oil from Nigeria , for example , has produced more greenhouse gases than all other sources in sub-Saharan Africa put together .
[ 3 ]
Even deforestation in poor countries is driven mostly by commercial operations delivering timber , meat and animal feed to rich consumers .
The rural poor do far less harm . [ 4 ]
The paper ’s author , David Satterthwaite , points out that the old formula taught to all students of development – that total impact equals population times affluence times technology ( I=PAT ) – is wrong .
Total impact should be measured as I=CAT : consumers times affluence times technology .
Many of the world ’s people use so little that they would n’t figure in this equation .
They are the ones who have most children .
While there ’s a weak correlation between global warming and population growth , there ’s a strong correlation between global warming and wealth .
I ’ve been taking a look at a few superyachts , as I ’ll need somewhere to entertain Labour ministers in the style to which they ’re accustomed .
First I went through the plans for Royal Falcon Fleet ’s RFF135 , but when I discovered that it burns only 750 litres of fuel per hour [ 5 ]
I realised that it was n’t going to impress Lord Mandelson .
I might raise half an eyebrow in Brighton with the Overmarine Mangusta 105 , which sucks up 850 l/hr . [ 6 ]
But the raft that ’s really caught my eye is made by Wally Yachts in Monaco .
The WallyPower 118 ( which gives total wallies a sensation of power ) consumes 3400 l/hr when travelling at 60 knots .
[ 7 ]
That ’s nearly one litre per second .
Another way of putting it is 31 litres per kilometre . [ 8 ]
Of course to make a real splash I ’ll have to shell out on teak and mahogany fittings , carry a few jet skis and a mini-submarine , ferry my guests to the marina by private plane and helicopter , offer them bluefin tuna sushi and beluga caviar and drive the beast so fast that I mash up half the marine life of the Mediterranean .
As the owner of one of these yachts I ’ll do more damage to the biosphere in ten minutes than most Africans inflict in a lifetime .
Now we ’re burning , baby .
Someone I know who hangs out with the very rich tells me that in the banker belt of the lower
Thames valley there are people who heat their outdoor swimming pools to bath temperature , all round the year .
They like to lie in the pool on winter nights , looking up at the stars .
The fuel costs them £ 3000 a month .
One hundred thousand people living like these bankers would knacker our life support systems faster than 10 billion people living like the African peasantry .
But at least the super wealthy have the good manners not to breed very much , so the rich old men who bang on about human reproduction leave them alone .
In May the Sunday Times carried an article headlined “ Billionaire club in bid to curb overpopulation . ”
It revealed that “ some of America ’s leading billionaires have met secretly ” to decide which good cause they should support .
“ A consensus emerged that they would back a strategy in which population growth would be tackled as a potentially disastrous environmental , social and industrial threat . ” [ 9 ]
The ultra-rich , in other words , have decided that it ’s the very poor who are trashing the planet .
You grope for a metaphor , but it ’s impossible to satirise .
James Lovelock , like Sir David Attenborough and Jonathan Porritt , is a patron of the Optimum Population Trust ( OPT ) .
It is one of dozens of campaigns and charities whose sole purpose is to discourage people from breeding in the name of saving the biosphere .
But I have n’t been able to find any campaign whose sole purpose is to address the impacts of the very rich .
The obsessives could argue that the people breeding rapidly today might one day become richer .
But as the super wealthy grab an ever greater share and resources begin to run dry , this , for most of the very poor , is a diminishing prospect .
There are strong social reasons for helping people to manage their reproduction , but weak environmental reasons , except among wealthier populations .
The Optimum Population Trust glosses over the fact that the world is going through demographic transition : population growth rates are slowing down almost everywhere and the number of people is likely , according to a paper in Nature , to peak this century , [ 10 ] probably at around 10 billion . [ 11 ]
Most of the growth will take place among those who consume almost nothing .
But no one anticipates a consumption transition .
People breed less as they become richer , but they do n’t consume less ; they consume more .
As the habits of the super - rich show , there are no limits to human extravagance .
Consumption can be expected to rise with economic growth until the biosphere hits the buffers .
Anyone who understands this and still considers that population , not consumption , is the big issue is , in Lovelock ’s words , “ hiding from the truth . ”
It is the worst kind of paternalism , blaming the poor for the excesses of the rich .
So where are the movements protesting about the stinking rich destroying our living systems ?
Where is the direct action against superyachts and private jets ?
Where ’s Class
War when you need it ?
It ’s time we had the guts to name the problem .
It ’s not sex ; it ’s money .
It ’s not the poor ; it ’s the rich .
References :
1. Optimum Population Trust , 26th August 2009 .
Gaia Scientist to be OPT Patron .
2. David Satterthwaite , September 2009 .
The implications of population growth and urbanization for climate change .
Environment & Urbanization , Vol 21 ( 2 ) : 545–567 .
DOI : 10.1177/0956247809344361 .
3 . http://www.foei.org/en/publications/pdfs-members/economic-justice/gasnigeria.pdf
4 . For example , Satterthwaite cites the study by Gerald Leach and Robin Mearns , 1989 .
Beyond the Woodfuel Crisis – People , Land and Trees in Africa , Earthscan Publications , London .
5 . http://www.ybw.com/auto/newsdesk/20090802125307syb.html
6 . http://www.jameslist.com/advert/5480
7 . http://machinedesign.com/article/118-wallypower-a-high-end-power-boat-0616
8. 15 US gallons / nm = 56.775l/nm = 31 l/km .
9. John Harlow , The Sunday Times , 24th May 2009 .
“ Billionaire club in bid to curb overpopulation . ”
10 . Wolfgang Lutz , Warren Sanderson and Sergei Scherbov , 20th January 2008 .
The coming acceleration of global population ageing .
Nature .
doi:10.1038/nature06516
11 . UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs , 2005 .
World Population Prospects .
The 2004 Revision
Ultimately , there are two primary political belief systems , and they are poorly captured by any label such as liberal , conservative , republican , or democrat .
These two designations are far more fundamental than any people normally discussed , and are defined by a single fork in philosophical thought : the question of free will vs. determinism .
The two , fundamental political belief systems are :
Circumstances people are born into largely determine their choices and outcomes , and that each of us is fundamentally responsible for helping others overcome the negativity associated with their disadvantages .
Because of this , the happiness and suffering of every person is inexorably tied to that of every other person .
Every person has his / her own choice to fail or succeed , and that those who suffer are doing so in some part due their own personal failure .
As such , it is not the moral obligation of those who chose correctly to sacrifice in order to help those who chose poorly .
To put this in another way , one group thinks that those who are in positions of advantage are there by way of good fortune alone , and that they therefore are indebted to society , and humanity , as a whole .
The other group feels it was their individual choices that yielded their success , apart from any advantages they may have had , and that they therefore owe nobody anything –least of all those who made poor choices when they should have made the right ones .
No Longer Academic
This brings the discussion of free will directly to the forefront .
It changes it from a high - brow matter for philosophers and theologians to to a real - world discussion of how the haves should treat the have - nots .
I submit that no topic of political discourse is more fundamental than this .
Naturally , this brings us directly to religion .
Religion teaches that God gave each of us the ability to make the right choices regardless of negative circumstances .
So , when the poor kid skips school to shoot drugs in another country , or if someone rots in prison across town for crimes committed , we are taught by religion to believe that both made poor choices –not that they were handed an unfortunate set of variables .
What this means is that religion , at it ’s very core , teaches apathy , and even disdain , for those who suffer because it propagates the belief that those who suffered had the God - given option to avoid it –but they chose incorrectly .
If you probe deeply enough into the rhetoric of hate - filled healthcare - reform protesters ( just one example ) you ’ll find this very belief powering their fury .
They .
Chose .
To. Suffer .
A belief in determinism , on the other hand , is tied to compassion , and it makes sense .
Those who believe that the Big Bang happened , and that we all ended up here –some of us doing well , and others suffering –leads to the creation of public policy built upon communal happiness and suffering .
And this sort of “ it just happened this way ” approach relies specifically on the lack of belief in supernatural free will .
Here are the Knight moves :
Atheism –> Determinism –> Compassion for the Weak
vs .
Religion –> God-granted Free Will –> Personal Responsibility for Failure –> Apathy ( or disdain ) from the Strong
Evidence
Ah , but what are claims without some evidence , right ?
As it turns out , Phil Zuckerman did an exhaustive study in 2008 of two of the most secular and most socialist societies on Earth–Denmark and Sweden .
Here ’s a defining excerpt from his work :
High levels of organic atheism are strongly correlated with high levels of societal health , such as low homicide rates , low poverty rates , low infant mortality rates , and low illiteracy rates , as well as high levels of educational attainment , per capita income , and gender equality .
Most nations characterized by high degrees of individual and societal security have the highest rates of organic atheism , and conversely , nations characterized by low degrees of individual and societal security have the lowest rates of organic atheism .
Alas , correlation does not equal causation , but feel free to add your own anecdotal evidence ad infinitum .
Find someone who believes in the shared well - being of all humanity , and they ’ll tend to be more deterministic and less religious .
Find someone who ’s angry because they have to give up some of their money to help the poor and suffering , and you ’ll likely find someone who ’s not only religious , but someone who thinks religion is required for morality .
Think about that for a second .
And the phenomenon continues , as Zuckerman ’s work shows , at the scale of nations .
Conclusion
Resist the temptation to argue the semantics of “ conservative ” or “ liberal ” policy .
Demand instead to discuss the real issue–separated from overloaded terms–i.e. the level of responsibility each of us has to help others .
This is the central issue for nearly all important political topics .
Here is the argument in summary form :
the belief in free will leads to a lack of compassion for those who suffer this is in large part due to the core religious teaching of God - given free will those who lack belief in religion , and therefore in God - given free will tend to be more deterministic with respect to how and why people arrive at their station in life the deterministic view , held by more secular individuals and groups , fosters compassion and a sense of connectedness between everyone ’s level of happiness and suffering .
Evidence of this can be seen in less poverty , higher education rates , and overall higher standards of living in countries that embrace this philosophy .
In short , the belief in free will , as propagated by religion and a religion - based criminal justice system , retards human progress by giving a backdoor justification for selfishness .
The reason we are seeing so much resistance to policies that help the have - nots , at the expense of the haves ( e.g. healthcare reform ) , is in significant part due to the belief that the have - nots deserve their position , as a direct result of their poor choices .
Until this fundamental issue is addressed head - on , by taking on the illogical belief in supernatural free will , true political discourse will remain out of reach .
::
Several years after the first film , the officers have been fired from the Spurbury Police Department after taking Fred Savage on a ride - along that resulted in his death .
Farva ( Heffernan ) is now a construction supervisor , with Mac ( Lemme ) and Rabbit ( Stolhanske ) working for him .
Thorny ( Chandrasekhar ) works in logging , and Foster ( Soter ) is living with his girlfriend and former coworker , Spurbury Police Chief Ursula Hanson ( Coughlan ) .
Mac receives a call from his former boss , Captain O'Hagen ( Cox ) , to gather the group and meet for a fishing trip in Canada .
Once the group arrives , they find that O'Hagen 's intention had been for them to have a meeting with Vermont Governor Jessman ( Carter ) .
She explains that during a recent land survey , it was discovered that land in Canada was originally designated for the US .
Canada has agreed to hand over the land , and Gov. Jessman needs to set up a police department to take over from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in the region .
She invites the ...
Even more evidence that we are loosing the war for the public mind over climate change .
A new survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press indicates that the number of Americans that think the earth is warming is declining : by 14 % in just 18 month !
( Read the entire Pew report here )
This is despite the efforts by the tireless bloggers at ClimateShifts and other more respectable venues .
I think the economic crisis and a variety of social and political issues ( and hang ups ) underlie the decline in the number of people that think warming is serious .
But why are so many minds being changed about the very premise of issue ; that the earth is warming ?!
I think this is largely being caused by articles and essays claiming the earth is cooling or that climate change has plateaued ( or “ taken a break ” ) that are very common in newspapers , on cable news , talk radio and on the blogosphere .
And it is n’t just conservative republicans whose minds are changing .
Look at the drop in independents that see solid evidence of global warming , from 79 % in 2006 to 53 % in 2009 :
Only 18 % of republicans believe in AGW , but only 50 % of democrats ?!
Could there be something wrong with this survey ?
The biggest drops were seen among moderate / liberal Republicans and in the Great Lakes region and Mountain west :
Read the entire Pew report here
Whereas the concept of Community is great , but the execution is spotty , the concept of Modern Family is nothing new while the execution is flat out brilliant .
I found myself laughing consonantly at the clever writing backed up by the excellent acting from everyone .
Out of the new comedies this season , Modern Family outclasses all in terms of writing .
We learned how each family goes about parenting in this episode .
Jay ( the old guy played by Ed O'Neil ) and Manny are putting together a fan before Manny 's real dad gets there to bring him to Disneyland .
Throughout the episode , Manny keeps describing all the amazing things his real dad does .
Jay surprisingly is a good dad and does n't ruin his world by revealing the truth : his real dad is a flake .
Furthermore , when Manny 's dad is supposed to arrive , he does n't .
Jay saves the day by using the limo intended for him and Sofia to take Manny to Disneyland .
In the end , Manny goes to Disneyland and thinks his real dad set up the limo ride .
Phil tries to teach his son about responsibility and it goes terribly wrong .
He buys his son a bike who rides it down the street .
Later ,
Phil finds an identical bike on the side of the sidewalk unchained and pretends to steal it to teach a lesson .
Later , he sees his new , hot neighbor played by Brandy Ledford who needs his help fixing something in her bedroom comes back home and learns his son's bike is still there .
He leaves the bike outside where it gets stolen for real .
When he comes back home , he learns his son still has the bike .
His neighbor comes by the house and says her neighbor took it to safeguard which of course angers Phil 's wife Claire .
The matter is concluded when Phil brings the bike back to where he found it and ends up being chased off my some kids .
The gay couple also get into trouble in an equally funny situation .
They take their newly adopted Vietnamese baby to a baby playdate .
Cameron has to tone himself down and Mitchell is struggling with the fact that Lilly is a little slow in development .
Then the other gay couple comes in .
There is a wonderful balance between all the families that shows something about each of them .
They were kept separate this week , but I 'm really looking forward to the next time the families get together .
Score : 8.8/10
Photo : Martha Camarillo
When Thomas Jefferson visited the “ Unquachog Indians , ” in June 1791 , he noted that the tribe “ constitute the Pufspatock Settlement in the town of Brookhaven , South Side of Long Island . ”
The settlement was conveniently located in the backyard of his friend William Floyd ’s plantation , where Jefferson and his longtime wingman James Madison happened to be crashing .
Jefferson made an effort to document the language of the tribe , many of whose members tilled his host ’s fields : “ Cow … Cowsen ; Horse … Hofses ; Sheep … Sheeps ; to cut with an axe … poquetahaman ; handsome … worecco ; ugly … nechowuchayuk . ”
He concluded : “ There remain but three persons of this tribe who can speak its language :
They are old women , from two of these , brought together , this vocabulary was taken , a young woman of the same tribe was also present who knew something of the language . ”
Harry Wallace , the current chief of the Unkechaug Indian Nation , trying to learn at least an approximation of his native tongue , has an Algonquian - language app on his iPhone .
“ I ’m gettin ’ there , ” he said from behind a large cluttered desk in his office , a small cedar - paneled lodge set behind Poospatuck Smoke Shop and Trading Company in Mastic , Long Island .
It was early August ; 65 miles away on Manhattan Island , Mike Bloomberg — modern - day equivalent of the Great White Father — was not happy with Chief Wallace and the Unkechaug .
This is because the chief and his tribe were making big bucks selling millions of packs of cigarettes tax - free , many of these to residents of New York City , which imposes a $ 1.50 - per - pack tax of its own .
Exactly how many New Yorkers were getting smokes under cover of the Unkechaug is not easy to answer .
An Independent Budget Office report estimated that in 2006 , around 207 million packs were bought by city smokers .
No tax was paid on a quarter of these ( only a fraction of the untaxed smokes were bought on Indian reservations ) .
But Bloomberg has declared war on smoking , and wherever there is smoke , he wants his cut .
So last September , the city filed a motion in federal court against a group of Unkechaug retailers , claiming hundreds of millions in lost city tax revenue .
Wallace was still recovering from last night ’s “ sweat ” — several important dudes , dome - shaped lodge , a pit of hot rocks in the middle , much perspiration , a prayer song or two — at an undisclosed location .
It was the culmination of a week of mourning for Benny Miller , a 22 - year - old tribe member who died in a motorcycle accident .
His death mobilized Unkechaug near and far to return to the reservation , to mourn and sing : the honor song during the wake , the various burial and prayer songs throughout .
Geronimo ’s refrain , “ They ’re not satisfied until they get all of it , ” is never far from Chief Wallace ’s mind .
But signals were still pointing toward victory for the Unkechaug : Only weeks prior , a New York State Appellate Court ruled that the Cayuga Indian Nation could continue selling untaxed cigarettes to non-Indians .
He pushed a button on a speakerphone connected to the smoke shop .
“ Can I get two cups of coffee in here ? ” he said in a baritone .
The chief is 55 , broad - shouldered , and has long thick salt - and - pepper hair , which he wears in a tight ponytail .
Various New York State Bar plaques line the walls .
It was Wallace who opened the first smoke shop back in 1991 , with the intention of making a little money , sure , but as a declaration too — the Unkechaug ’s sovereign right to exploit whatever economic advantages the Indians ’ sovereignty affords .
The Unkechaugs , like all recognized tribes , are exempt from state and many federal taxes , but beyond this their economic status is murkier , based on whatever arrangement the state and the Indians can agree on .
In 1994 , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that New York is entitled to collect taxes on Indian sales of cigarettes and motor fuel to non-Indians .
Coming up with a way of enforcing that tax has been the trouble .
Their tribal rights have been questioned before , in various ways .
Among the papers on the chief ’s cluttered desk was a folded - up family tree .
In 2006 , Gristedes Food Inc. filed a suit — almost all of it since dismissed — questioning the legitimacy of the residents ’ native heritage .
Gristedes claimed that Unkechaug vendors , located some 65 miles from their nearest supermarket , were unfairly cutting into their profits .
Fortunately , the tribe keeps excellent records .
The first time such an accusation was made was back in 1935 , when publishing scion and notorious cad William Shepherd Dana bought the Floyd estate and claimed that the tribe were , essentially , squatters .
The chief laid out the genealogy for me .
“ So you start with me , Harry Wallace , ” he said , consulting the family tree before him .
“ Then it went to my mother , Lydia Anne Davis , and then it went to her parents , Charles Davis and Lydia Anne Davis .
My grandmother has the same name . ”
He paused and looked up over his reading glasses , then rattled through a few more names .
“ Now , Sylvie Hicks and Jerusha Lott were sisters .
Their mother was Sybel Lott , and Sybel Lott — we have historical documents — was from a very prominent Indian family . ”
She was a direct descendant of Chief Nowedonah , and Wallace believes it ’s a good bet she was one of the elderly women Jefferson spoke to .
Photo : Martha Camarillo
“ Up until recently , the role of chief was more of a spokesperson and a leader in ceremonies , in powwows and June meetings and such , ” Wallace said .
But that was before the cigarette trade , which has burgeoned as the taxes charged by the state and the city — $ 2.75 per pack to the state ; $ 1.50 to the city — have driven people to stock up on tax - free Camel Lights in Poospatuck country .
Along with revenue , the cigarette business has also occasioned crime , something Bloomberg has been at pains to highlight .
In 1997 , in a meeting of the tribal council to discuss a $ . 25 - per - pack levy on smoke shops , three men in masks barged in , brandishing firearms , pointing them at the chief ’s head .
In the next few years , a man named Rodney Morrison , not an Unkechaug himself but married to one , was charged with firebombing the car of a rival smoke - shop proprietor and the murder of another .
Though he was acquitted of those charges , in 2004 he was arrested ( and eventually convicted ) of a racketeering conspiracy involving black - market cigarettes .
The State Department of Taxation and Finance says that in 2007 , 11.3 million cartons changed hands on the reservation .
That ’s more than 25 times the number reported a decade before , and , if the numbers are correct ( the chief says they are not ) , over $ 11 million in revenue for the tribal council — not a bad return on 55 acres in Mastic .
Chief Wallace took a cigarette from a pack of Nat Sherman New York Cut , sank back in his chair , and provided a different economic narrative .
“ Here ’s one that got $ 1,000 .
Whoa , this one ’s a star , she got $ 1,300 , ” he said , reading off the names of reservation students who would be receiving gift certificates for their academic performance the previous school year .
There is also a modest reward for attendance .
In the past year , the tribe has spent $ 200,000 on education , paying 25 percent of tuition for the 40 Unkechaug students currently enrolled in colleges around the country .
After a while , we climbed into his red Cadillac .
“ The only thing you need from the white man is a car , because a car is faster than a horse , ” he said .
Driving through the reservation :
It ’s hard to see beyond the smoke shops to take in whatever natural beauty exists on the river banks .
Neon signs offer competitive prices , creating tough decisions for customers to contemplate from pickup trucks whose idling engines are joined by the buzz of the renegade ATVs giddily weaving about the traffic , as if to remind you , in case you happened to forget :
You ’re in Indian country now .
“ The goal here is not to stop us from selling cigarettes , ” Chief Wallace said .
“ It ’s to try and destroy us as a people . ”
The settlement , located in the hamlet of Mastic , a few miles west of Westhampton , between Carmans River and the Forge River , was once an ideal location for hunting right whales .
According to historian John A. Strong , of Long Island University , the Unkechaug were famous for their skill at whaling .
Do n’t get the chief started on the whaling business .
Sovereignty , his wounded knee !
“ In 1676 , our people attempted to establish their own independent whaling company , ” he began .
“ We had the best whalers .
We decided to gather up all of our skilled harpoonists and whalers and formulate our own company .
There ’s a documented history of complaint to the colonial governor of New York that the settlers in the towns were interfering with our company , trying to take away whales that we captured , destroy our boats .
All these things were in an effort to prevent us from establishing an independent , economically viable enterprise .
Sixteen - seventy - six .
How many years ago was that ? ”
Harry Wallace grew up in Queens , but made regular visits to his uncle on the reservation , which was in bad shape at that time ; a 1967 government report concluded that the living conditions were worse than those of migrant farmworkers in California .
Harry ended up at Dartmouth — the first in his family to attend college .
The first day he got there , some football player started calling him names .
Harry knocked him silly .
“ He messed with the wrong guy , ” he said .
The football team , as well as other sports teams , were known as the Dartmouth Indians , but Wallace led a successful campaign to change the name — now the teams are known as Big Green .
After Dartmouth , Wallace attended New York Law School .
He spent the eighties as an attorney in Manhattan , working on things like personal injury , landlord - tenant disputes .
But there was work to do on the reservation .
There is no landlord , per se , on the 55 acres between Eleanor Avenue and Poospatuck Lane — it ’s communal property owned by the tribe , not any individual .
What land is left can not be sold .
But residents are n’t able to use their land as an asset to get a loan , to fix that leaky roof .
And sovereignty also means responsibility for your own municipalities : telephone poles , road maintenance , running water are provided for largely by the tribe itself .
What began in 1700 as a deed for 175 acres had already been reduced by the time Jefferson visited to the slice it occupies today .
Most of the land was lost in 1730 , when the Indians handed over 100 acres “ in consideration of twenty Dutch blankets , four barrels of cider , and a sum of three pounds [ of wampum ] . ”
Thus the scene at Squaw Lane , which is the tribe ’s main source of revenue .
The street is chockablock with smoke shops with pastel vinyl awnings : Geronimo’s , Tammy ’s , Princess Rainbow Smoke Shop , the Peace Pipe Smoke Shop .
“ All of these buildings here have been impacted in a positive way by the business , ” Wallace said , pointing out some of the over 80 homes that have been renovated or replaced — modular for mobile — in the last year .
“ The real story is what ’s happening , the transformation of what ’s happening in this community . ”
Mayor Bloomberg , along with Representative Peter King , wrote an August 4 , 2008 , editorial arguing that cigarette sales on reservations should be taxed — one line insinuated that cigarette - smuggling money might go to terrorists .
Chief Wallace is still riled about it .
“ We got blamed for the MTA deficit !
Phenomenal , man .
Supporting terrorism .
It upsets me because this is our land , whether we occupy it or not .
It ’s still our land , and we defend our homeland against all enemies , domestic and foreign . ”
On August 25 of this year , a federal - court judge in Brooklyn handed down a verdict addressing the Unkechaug ’s motion to dismiss .
Federal Judge Carol Amon denied the motion and ruled that the state appellate court had misinterpreted the law in question .
She ruled that regular tax law indeed applied to the tobacco trade on Indian reservations , as it does everywhere in the state .
She issued a temporary injunction banning all further cigarette sales at four stores identified in the city ’s suit .
Chief Wallace and the Unkechaug appealed .
On September 25 , the court announced that though the appeal would be heard , the injunction would continue .
But that leaves ten other smoke shops in the Poospatuck reservation , and the cars are still backed up around Squaw Lane .
“ The city will go after every dollar that is owed to city taxpayers , ” said Bloomberg in a statement .
Wallace is far from ready to smoke the peace pipe , however .
He says it ’s the same as it was with whaling in the seventeenth century .
“ The goal here is not to stop us from selling cigarettes , ” Chief Wallace said .
“ It ’s to try and destroy us as a people , because every effort that we made to resolve these things has met with resistance .
They do n’t want to do it .
They want to take it as far as they can to try and kill us .
“ They need a scapegoat for not blaming his friends on Wall Street , ” said the chief , his tone slowly rising .
He began pacing in circles , literally hopping mad .
“ Who is a convenient scapegoat ?
The smallest tribe in New York , selling a demonic product — that ’s a good scapegoat . ”
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The government insurance fund designed to protect consumer bank deposits will likely stay in the red through 2012 , Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. chief Sheila Bair said Wednesday .
Testifying before members of the Senate Banking Committee , the nation 's top commercial bank regulator stressed that her agency was taking immediate steps to replenish the dwindling fund .
But she said those efforts would not put the rescue fund in the black until a little more than two years from now at the earliest .
The fund has come under severe strain in recent months amid the recent surge in bank failures .
Ninety - eight banks have failed so far this year , which has reduced the fund 's value to $ 10 billion from $ 45 billion a year ago .
Last month , the agency painted an even more dire picture , estimating that the fund is currently in the red after taking into account future bank failures it anticipates will happen .
That would not be the first time the fund has had a negative balance .
During the S&L crisis of the late 1980s and early 1990s , it slipped into the red .
With bank failure costs expected to reach $ 100 billion over the next four years , regulators have been looking at ways to raise quick cash .
" The problem we are facing is one of timing , " Bair said , according to a copy of her prepared remarks .
One proposal currently under consideration would have banks prepay their deposit insurance premiums for the next three years .
Under FDIC guidelines , bankers and others have until the end of October to comment on the proposal before it becomes a rule .
An Indiana law requiring voters to show identification , declared constitutional by the United States Supreme Court just last year , was struck down Thursday by a state appellate court .
The state court said the law violated the Indiana Constitution by not treating all voters equally .
The legislature passed the voter ID law in 2005 , and it was challenged in federal court .
The Supreme Court upheld it in April 2008 , but that July the League of Women Voters brought a new suit in state court .
“ The court here accepted a lot of the arguments that were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court , ” Prof. Richard L. Hasen of Loyola Law School in Los Angeles said of Thursday ’s decision , “ so it ’s like a second bite of the apple . ”
The major difference between the state court decision and the Supreme Court ’s decision in Crawford v. Marion County Election Board is that the state court was interpreting the Indiana Constitution , while the Supreme Court interpreted the Constitution of the United States .
Generally , state courts are given the last word in interpreting their own constitutions .
Author ’s calculations from the 2009 March Current Population Survey .
Nancy Folbre is an economics professor at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst .
It ’s bad enough that the average federal worker is paid more than the average private - sector worker , especially taking into account the value of benefits like health insurance and pensions .
But what ’s really shocking is that the gulf between the total compensation ( wages plus benefits ) enjoyed by federal workers and private - sector workers has increased since 1990 .
So argues Chris Edwards , the tax director at the Cato Institute , a libertarian research organization .
Similar arguments were featured in a full - page ad sponsored by The Free Enterprise Nation in The Wall Street Journal on Sept. 22 .
They were dramatized by Ilana Mercer in World Net Daily in a feature entitled “ Life in the Oink Sector ” and echoed by the conservative columnist Jeff Jacoby in The Boston Globe .
None of the sources provided any details about the characteristics of federal workers or their jobs .
But such details ( easily extracted from the regular Current Population Survey ) explain why federal workers are paid more and why their average compensation has risen higher .
They also show that federal employment creates proportionately far more middle - class jobs than the private sector .
In 2008 , only 14 percent of federal workers were on part - time schedules , compared to 26 percent in the private sector .
Federal workers were far older on average : 55 percent were between the ages of 45 and 64 , compared to 36 percent of private - sector workers .
Furthermore , 45 percent of federal workers held a college degree or higher educational credential , compared to 29 percent of private - sector workers .
Federal workers are more likely to receive employer - paid health benefits than private sector workers — 77 percent compared to 56 percent .
This is one reason our highest - paid federal employee , the president of the United States , is fighting for universal health insurance coverage .
Federal workers are also more likely than private sector workers to garner pension benefits ( 81 percent compared to 53 percent ) .
Keep in mind , however , that for some federal employees , pension benefits come in lieu of Social Security payments .
Both health insurance and pension benefits are more expensive for older than for younger workers , and health insurance costs , in particular , have escalated rapidly since 1990 .
Also , age and educational attainment differences have widened considerably since 1991 , when 20 percent of private sector and 31 percent of federal workers had a college degree or higher .
The biggest difference between private and federal employment , illustrated in the graph above , lies in the proportion of jobs paying less than $ 25,000 a year .
In 2008 more than 43 percent of private - sector workers earned less than $ 25,000 a year .
Most federal employees fell squarely in the middle earnings brackets , making $ 25,000 to $ 75,000 a year .
A larger share of federal than private - sector workers earned $ 75,000 to $ 150,000 a year .
Beyond that level , private employees were overrepresented .
The percentage earning more than $ 250,000 in 2008 ( not shown in the graph above ) was twice as high as the percentage of federal employees ( 1 percent compared to 0.5 percent ) .
In order to protect the confidentiality of its respondents , the Current Population Survey assigns all extremely high levels of earnings the same value or “ topcode . ”
As a result , it ’s impossible to accurately compare all private sector and federal workers in the long right - hand tail of the earnings distribution
But not all earnings are confidential .
We , know , for instance , that the president of the United States earned $ 400,000 in 2008 .
He also enjoyed a $ 50,000 annual expense account and rent - free accomodations for himself and his family at the White House .
By comparison , the compensation of the chief executive officers of the 500 biggest companies of the United States in 2008 came out to an average of $ 11.4 million each .
Consistent with the overall picture described above , statistical analysis of the impact of individual education and experience on earnings in the United States by the Harvard economist George Borjas showed that federal employees are paid considerably less than comparable private workers at the top end .
As the conservative columnist Ross Douthat points out , earnings inequality is generally lower in public - sector employment , and countries with a larger public sector therefore experience less overall income inequality .
Some oinking can definitely be heard out there in the labor market , but anyone willing to follow the numbers can tell that the biggest piggies are not those employed by the federal government .
OpenSSL Command - Line HOWTO
The openssl application that ships with the OpenSSL libraries can perform a wide range of crypto operations .
This HOWTO provides some cookbook - style recipes for using it .
Paul Heinlein
First published on June 13 , 2004
Last updated on September 13 , 2016
Introduction
The openssl command - line binary that ships with the OpenSSL libraries can perform a wide range of cryptographic operations .
It can come in handy in scripts or for accomplishing one - time command - line tasks .
Documentation for using the openssl application is somewhat scattered , however , so this article aims to provide some practical examples of its use .
I assume that you ’ve already got a functional OpenSSL installation and that the openssl binary is in your shell ’s PATH .
Just to be clear , this article is strictly practical ; it does not concern cryptographic theory and concepts .
If you do n’t know what an MD5 sum is , this article wo n’t enlighten you one bit — but if all you need to know is how to use openssl to generate a file sum , you ’re in luck .
The nature of this article is that I ’ll be adding new examples incrementally .
Check back at a later date if I have n’t gotten to the information you need .
How do I find out what OpenSSL version I ’m running ?
Use the version option .
$ openssl version OpenSSL 1.0.1e - fips 11 Feb 2013
You can get much more information with the version - a option .
$ openssl version -a OpenSSL 1.0.1e - fips 11 Feb 2013 built on : Thu Jul 23 19:06:35 UTC 2015 platform : linux - x86_64 options : bn ( 64,64 ) md2 ( int ) rc4 ( 16x ,int ) des ( idx , cisc , 16 ,int ) idea( int ) blowfish ( idx ) compiler : gcc - fPIC -DOPENSSL_PIC
-DZLIB -DOPENSSL_THREADS
-D_REENTRANT
-DDSO_DLFCN -DHAVE_DLFCN_H
-DKRB5_MIT -m64 -DL_ENDIAN -DTERMIO - Wall - O2 - g - pipe - Wall - Wp , -D_FORTIFY_SOURCE=2 - fexceptions - fstack - protector --param=ssp-buffer-size=4 -m64 -mtune=generic
- Wa,--noexecstack -DPURIFY -DOPENSSL_IA32_SSE2 -DOPENSSL_BN_ASM_MONT
-DOPENSSL_BN_ASM_MONT5 -DOPENSSL_BN_ASM_GF2 m -DSHA1 _ASM -DSHA256_ASM -DSHA512_ASM -DMD5 _ASM -DAES_ASM -DVPAES_ASM
-DBSAES_ASM
-DWHIRLPOOL_ASM
-DGHASH_ASM OPENSSLDIR : " /etc/pki/tls " engines : rdrand dynamic
How do I get a list of the available commands ?
There are three built - in options for getting lists of available commands , but none of them provide what I consider useful output .
The best thing to do is provide an invalid command ( help or -h will do nicely ) to get a readable answer .
$ openssl help openssl : Error : ' help ' is an invalid command .
Standard commands asn1 parse ca ciphers cms crl crl2pkcs7 dgst dh dhparam dsa dsaparam ec ecparam enc engine errstr gendh gendsa genpkey genrsa nseq ocsp passwd pkcs12 pkcs7 pkcs8 pkey pkeyparam pkeyutl prime rand req rsa rsautl s_client s_server s_time sess_id smime speed spkac ts verify version x509 Message Digest commands ( see the `dgst ' command for more details ) md2 md4 md5 rmd160 sha sha1 Cipher commands ( see the `enc ' command for more details ) aes - 128 - cbc aes - 128 - ecb aes - 192 - cbc aes - 192 - ecb aes - 256 - cbc aes - 256 - ecb base64 bf bf-cbc bf - cfb bf-ecb bf - ofb camellia - 128 - cbc camellia-128-ecb camellia-192-cbc camellia-192-ecb camellia-256-cbc camellia-256- ecb cast cast - cbc cast5 - cbc cast5 - cfb cast5 - ecb cast5 - ofb des des- cbc des - cfb des- ecb des - ede des - ede - cbc des - ede - cfb des - ede - ofb des - ede3 des - ede3 - cbc des - ede3 - cfb des - ede3 - ofb des - ofb des3 desx idea idea - cbc idea - cfb idea-ecb idea - ofb rc2 rc2-40-cbc rc2-64-cbc rc2-cbc rc2 - cfb rc2 -ecb rc2 - ofb rc4 rc4 - 40 seed seed - cbc seed - cfb seed - ecb seed - ofb zlib
What the shell calls “ Standard commands ” are the main top - level options .
You can use the same trick with any of the subcommands .
$ openssl dgst -h unknown option ' - h ' options are -c to output the digest with separating colons -r to output the digest in coreutils format -d to output debug info - hex output as hex dump - binary output in binary form - sign file sign digest using private key in file - verify file verify a signature using public key in file - prverify file verify a signature using private key in file - keyform arg key file format ( PEM or ENGINE ) - out filename output to filename rather than stdout - signature file signature to verify - sigopt nm : v signature parameter - hmac key create hashed MAC with key - mac algorithm create MAC ( not neccessarily HMAC ) - macopt nm:v MAC algorithm parameters or key - engine e use engine e , possibly a hardware device .
- m d4 to use the md4 message digest algorithm - md5 to use the md5 message digest algorithm - ripemd160 to use the ripemd160 message digest algorithm - sha to use the sha message digest algorithm - sha1 to use the sha1 message digest algorithm - sha224 to use the sha224 message digest algorithm - sha256 to use the sha256 message digest algorithm - sha384 to use the sha384 message digest algorithm - sha512 to use the sha512 message digest algorithm - whirlpool to use the whirlpool message digest algorithm
In more boring fashion , you can consult the OpenSSL man pages .
How do I get a list of available ciphers ?
Use the ciphers option .
The ciphers ( 1 ) man page is quite helpful .
# list all available ciphers openssl ciphers -v # list only TLSv1 ciphers openssl ciphers - v - tls1 # list only high encryption ciphers ( keys larger than 128 bits ) openssl ciphers -v ' HIGH ' # list only high encryption ciphers using the AES algorithm openssl ciphers - v ' AES + HIGH '
Benchmarking
How do I benchmark my system ’s performance ?
The OpenSSL developers have built a benchmarking suite directly into the openssl binary .
It ’s accessible via the speed option .
It tests how many operations it can perform in a given time , rather than how long it takes to perform a given number of operations .
This strikes me as quite sane , because the benchmarks do n’t take significantly longer to run on a slow system than on a fast one .
To run a catchall benchmark , run it without any further options .
openssl speed
There are two sets of results .
The first reports how many bytes per second can be processed for each algorithm , the second the times needed for sign / verify cycles .
Here are the results on an 2.70 GHz Intel Xeon E5 .
The ' numbers ' are in 1000s of bytes per second processed .
type 16 bytes 64 bytes 256 bytes 1024 bytes 8192 bytes md2 2540.48 k 5184.66 k 6989.57 k 7651.67 k 7872.51 k mdc2 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 md4 83248.41 k 261068.18 k 624212.82 k 940529.32 k 1128846.68 k md5 62411.57 k 184768.36 k 408835.75 k 586930.52 k 678061.98 k hmac( md5 ) 48713.62 k 148265.56 k 359626.67 k 563050.68 k 670255.79 k sha1 68829.72 k 195087.40 k 431001.51 k 623344.42 k 729505.79 k rmd160 38598.59 k 96226.86 k 183336.45 k 235962.71 k 257526.44 k rc4 480093.57 k 678565.35 k 783765.42 k 818297.51 k 838205.99 k des cbc 69500.17 k 71184.75 k 71491.50 k 71641.77 k 72010.15 k des ede3 26433.63 k 26717.01 k 26772.99 k 26788.18 k 26907.57 k idea cbc 95690.28 k 99334.17 k 100835.40 k 100787.54 k 100900.86 k seed cbc 76871.40 k 77238.46 k 77736.50 k 77452.97 k 77545.47 k rc2 cbc 48984.63 k 49589.03 k 50188.07 k 50103.98 k 50066.77 k rc5-32/12 cbc 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 blowfish cbc 122583.30 k 129550.92 k 130876.67 k 131111.94 k 131394.22 k cast cbc 109471.38 k 114523.31 k 115934.46 k 116200.45 k 116331.86 k aes - 128 cbc 128352.23 k 138604.76 k 141173.42 k 142832.25 k 142682.79 k aes - 192 cbc 107703.93 k 114456.79 k 117716.65 k 118847.36 k 118784.00 k aes -256 cbc 93374.87 k 99521.51 k 101198.51 k 101382.49 k 101635.41 k camellia-128 cbc 99270.57 k 150412.42 k 170346.33 k 176311.91 k 177913.86 k camellia-192 cbc 85896.60 k 117356.52 k 128556.97 k 132759.72 k 133425.83 k camellia-256 cbc 87351.27 k 117695.15 k 128972.03 k 132130.47 k 133455.87 k sha256 52372.61 k 117766.12 k 204825.69 k 249974.10 k 270914.90 k sha512 41278.19 k 165820.37 k 258298.69 k 365981.70 k 419864.58 k whirlpool 24803.02 k 53047.07 k 87593.90 k 104570.54 k 111159.98 k aes -128 ige 128441.31 k 132981.88 k 133269.08 k 133738.15 k 133966.51 k aes -192 ige 107831.37 k 111507.07 k 111800.66 k 112156.67 k 112219.48 k aes -256 ige 94382.07 k 96351.17 k 96750.68 k 96958.46 k 97446.44 k ghash 888644.92 k 1452788.80 k 1696788.74 k 1763055.96 k 1799086.49 k sign verify sign / s verify / s rsa 512 bits 0.000049s 0.000004s 20547.1 248266.2 rsa 1024 bits 0.000194s 0.000011s 5146.0 90735.4 rsa 2048 bits 0.001194s 0.000037s 837.3 27277.1 rsa 4096 bits 0.008560s 0.000137s 116.8 7324.5 sign verify sign / s verify / s dsa 512 bits 0.000048s 0.000046s 20667.7 21701.8 dsa 1024 bits 0.000113s 0.000126s 8831.9 7951.8 dsa 2048 bits 0.000362s 0.000430s 2762.0 2322.9 sign verify sign / s verify / s 256 bit ecdsa ( nistp256 ) 0.0001s 0.0004s 9856.1 2524.4 384 bit ecdsa ( nistp384 ) 0.0002s 0.0008s 5103.6 1191.7 521 bit ecdsa ( nistp521 ) 0.0004s 0.0018s 2679.0 550.3 op op /s 256 bit ecdh ( nistp256 ) 0.0003s 3063.8 384 bit ecdh ( nistp384 ) 0.0007s 1447.3 521 bit ecdh ( nistp521 ) 0.0015s 666.2
You can run any of the algorithm - specific subtests directly .
# test rsa speeds openssl speed rsa # do the same test on a two - way SMP system openssl speed rsa - multi 2
How do I benchmark remote connections ?
The s_time option lets you test connection performance .
The most simple invocation will run for 30 seconds , use any cipher , and use SSL handshaking to determine number of connections per second , using both new and reused sessions :
openssl s_time - connect remote.host:443
Beyond that most simple invocation , s_time gives you a wide variety of testing options .
# retrieve remote test .html page using only new sessions openssl s_time - connect remote.host:443 -www /test.html - new # similar , using only SSL v3 and high encryption ( see # ciphers ( 1 ) man page for cipher strings ) openssl s_time \ - connect remote.host:443 -www /test.html - new \ - ssl3 - cipher HIGH # compare relative performance of various ciphers in # 10 - second tests IFS = " : " for c in $ ( openssl ciphers - ssl3 RSA ) ; do echo $c openssl s_time - connect remote.host:443 \ - www / - new - time 10 - cipher $ c 2 > & 1 | \ grep bytes echo done
If you do n’t have an SSL - enabled web server available for your use , you can emulate one using the s_server option .
# on one host , set up the server ( using default port 4433 ) openssl s_server - cert mycert.pem - www # on second host ( or even the same one ) , run s_time openssl s_time - connect myhost : 4433 - www / - new -ssl3
Certificates
How do I generate a self - signed certificate ?
You ’ll first need to decide whether or not you want to encrypt your key .
Doing so means that the key is protected by a passphrase .
On the plus side , adding a passphrase to a key makes it more secure , so the key is less likely to be useful to someone who steals it .
The downside , however , is that you ’ll have to either store the passphrase in a file or type it manually every time you want to start your web or ldap server .
It violates my normally paranoid nature to say it , but I prefer unencrypted keys , so I do n’t have to manually type a passphrase each time a secure daemon is started .
( It ’s not terribly difficult to decrypt your key if you later tire of typing a passphrase . )
This example will produce a file called mycert.pem which will contain both the private key and the public certificate based on it .
The certificate will be valid for 365 days , and the key ( thanks to the - nodes option ) is unencrypted .
openssl req \ - x509 - nodes - days 365 - sha256 \ - newkey rsa:2048 - keyout mycert.pem - out mycert.pem
Using this command - line invocation , you ’ll have to answer a lot of questions : Country Name , State , City , and so on .
The tricky question is “ Common Name . ”
You ’ll want to answer with the hostname or CNAME by which people will address the server .
This is very important .
If your web server ’s real hostname is mybox.mydomain.com but people will be using www.mydomain.com to address the box , then use the latter name to answer the “ Common Name ” question .
Once you ’re comfortable with the answers you provide to those questions , you can script the whole thing by adding the - subj option .
I ’ve included some information about location into the example that follows , but the only thing you really need to include for the certificate to be useful is the hostname ( CN ) .
openssl req \ - x509 - nodes - days 365 - sha256 \ - subj '/ C=US/ST=Oregon/L=Portland/CN=www.madboa.com'
\ - newkey rsa:2048 - keyout mycert.pem - out mycert.pem
How do I generate a certificate request for VeriSign ?
Applying for a certificate signed by a recognized certificate authority like VeriSign is a complex bureaucratic process .
You ’ve got to perform all the requisite paperwork before creating a certificate request .
As in the recipe for creating a self - signed certificate , you ’ll have to decide whether or not you want a passphrase on your private key .
The recipe below assumes you do n’t .
You ’ll end up with two files : a new private key called mykey.pem and a certificate request called myreq.pem .
openssl req \ - new - sha256 - newkey rsa:2048 - nodes \ - keyout mykey.pem - out myreq.pem
If you ’ve already got a key and would like to use it for generating the request , the syntax is a bit simpler .
openssl req - new - key mykey.pem - out myreq.pem
Similarly , you can also provide subject information on the command line .
openssl req \ - new - sha256 - newkey rsa:2048 - nodes \ - subj '/CN=www.mydom.com/O=My Dom , Inc./C=US/ST=Oregon/L=Portland'
\ - keyout mykey.pem - out myreq.pem
When dealing with an institution like VeriSign , you need to take special care to make sure that the information you provide during the creation of the certificate request is exactly correct .
I know from personal experience that even a difference as trivial as substituting “ and ” for “ & ” in the Organization Name will stall the process .
If you ’d like , you can double check the signature and information provided in the certificate request .
# verify signature openssl req - in myreq.pem - noout - verify - key mykey .pem # check info openssl req - in myreq.pem - noout - text
Save the key file in a secure location .
You ’ll need it in order to use the certificate VeriSign sends you .
The certificate request will typically be pasted into VeriSign ’s online application form .
How do I test a new certificate ?
The s_server option provides a simple but effective testing method .
The example below assumes you ’ve combined your key and certificate into one file called mycert.pem .
First , launch the test server on the machine on which the certificate will be used .
By default , the server will listen on port 4433 ; you can alter that using the - accept option .
openssl s_server - cert mycert.pem - www
If the server launches without complaint , then chances are good that the certificate is ready for production use .
You can also point your web browser at the test server , e.g. , https://yourserver:4433/ .
Do n’t forget to specify the “ https ” protocol ; plain - old “ http ” wo n’t work .
You should see a page listing the various ciphers available and some statistics about your connection .
Most modern browsers allow you to examine the certificate as well .
How do I retrieve a remote certificate ?
If you combine openssl and sed , you can retrieve remote certificates via a shell one - liner or a simple script .
#!/bin/sh # # usage : retrieve - cert.sh remote.host.name [ port ] # REMHOST = $ 1 REMPORT = ${ 2 :- 443 } echo | \ openssl s_client - connect ${ REMHOST } : $ { REMPORT } 2 > & 1 | \ sed - ne '/- BEGIN CERTIFICATE-/,/-END CERTIFICATE -/p'
You can , in turn , pipe that information back to openssl to do things like check the dates on all your active certificates .
#!/bin/sh # for CERT in \ www.yourdomain.com:443 \ ldap.yourdomain.com:636 \ imap.yourdomain.com:993 do echo | \ openssl s_client - connect ${ CERT } 2>/ dev/null | \ sed -ne '/- BEGIN CERTIFICATE-/,/-END CERTIFICATE -/p ' | \ openssl x509 - noout - subject - dates done
How do I extract information from a certificate ?
An SSL certificate contains a wide range of information : issuer , valid dates , subject , and some hardcore crypto stuff .
The x509 subcommand is the entry point for retrieving this information .
The examples below all assume that the certificate you want to examine is stored in a file named cert.pem .
Using the - text option will give you the full breadth of information .
openssl x509 - text - in cert.pem
Other options will provide more targeted sets of data .
# who issued the cert ?
openssl x509 - noout - in cert.pem - issuer # to whom was it issued ?
openssl x509 - noout - in cert.pem - subject # for what dates is it valid ?
openssl x509 - noout - in cert.pem - dates # the above , all at once openssl x509 - noout - in cert.pem - issuer - subject - dates # what is its hash value ?
openssl x509 - noout - in cert.pem - hash # what is its MD5 fingerprint ?
openssl x509 - noout - in cert.pem - fingerprint
How do I export or import a PKCS # 12 certificate ?
PKCS # 12 files can be imported and exported by a number of applications , including Microsoft IIS .
They are often associated with the file extension .pfx .
To create a PKCS # 12 certificate , you ’ll need a private key and a certificate .
During the conversion process , you ’ll be given an opportunity to put an “ Export Password ” ( which can be empty , if you choose ) on the certificate .
# create a file containing key and self - signed certificate openssl req \ - x509 - sha256 - nodes - days 365 \ - newkey rsa:2048 - keyout mycert.pem - out mycert.pem # export mycert.pem as PKCS # 12 file , mycert.pfx openssl pkcs12 - export \ - out mycert.pfx - in mycert.pem \ - name " My Certificate "
If someone sends you a PKCS # 12 and any passwords needed to work with it , you can export it into standard PEM format .
# export certificate and passphrase - less key openssl pkcs12 - in mycert.pfx - out mycert.pem - nodes # same as above , but you ’ll be prompted for a passphrase for # the private key openssl pkcs12 - in mycert.pfx - out mycert.pem
Certificate Verification
Applications linked against the OpenSSL libraries can verify certificates signed by a recognized certificate authority ( CA ) .
How do I verify a certificate ?
Use the verify option to verify certificates .
openssl verify cert.pem
If your local OpenSSL installation recognizes the certificate or its signing authority and everything else ( dates , signing chain , etc. ) checks out , you ’ll get a simple OK message .
$ openssl verify remote.site.pem remote.site.pem : OK
If anything is amiss , you ’ll see some error messages with short descriptions of the problem , e.g. ,
error 10 at 0 depth lookup : certificate has expired .
Certificates are typically issued for a limited period of time — usually just one year — and openssl will complain if a certificate has expired .
error 18 at 0 depth lookup : self signed certificate .
Unless you make an exception , OpenSSL wo n’t verify a self - signed certificate .
What certificate authorities does OpenSSL recognize ?
When OpenSSL was built for your system , it was configured with a “ Directory for OpenSSL files . ”
( That ’s the -- openssldir option passed to the configure script , for you hands - on types . )
This is the directory that typically holds information about certificate authorities your system trusts .
The default location for this directory is / usr / local / ssl , but most vendors put it elsewhere , e.g. , /usr / share / ssl ( Red Hat / Fedora ) , /etc/ssl ( Gentoo ) , / usr / lib / ssl ( Debian ) , or / System / Library / OpenSSL ( Macintosh OS X ) .
Use the version option to identify which directory ( labeled OPENSSLDIR ) your installation uses .
openssl version -d
Within that directory and a subdirectory called certs , you ’re likely to find one or more of three different kinds of files .
A large file called cert.pem , an omnibus collection of many certificates from recognized certificate authorities like VeriSign and Thawte .
Some small files in the certs subdirectory named with a .pem file extension , each of which contains a certificate from a single CA .
Some symlinks in the certs subdirectory with obscure filenames like 052eae11.0 .
There is typically one of these links for each .pem file .
The first part of obscure filename is actually a hash value based on the certificate within the .pem file to which it points .
The file extension is just an iterator , since it ’s theoretically possible that multiple certificates can generate identical hashes .
On my Gentoo system , for example , there ’s a symlink named f73e89 fd.0 that points to a file named vsignss.pem .
Sure enough , the certificate in that file generates a hash the equates to the name of the symlink :
$ openssl x509 - noout - hash - in vsignss.pem f73e89fd
When an application encounters a remote certificate , it will typically check to see if the cert can be found in cert.pem or , if not , in a file named after the certificate ’s hash value .
If found , the certificate is considered verified .
It ’s interesting to note that some applications , like Sendmail , allow you to specify at runtime the location of the certificates you trust , while others , like Pine , do not .
How do I get OpenSSL to recognize / verify a certificate ?
Put the file that contains the certificate you ’d like to trust into the certs directory discussed above .
Then create the hash - based symlink .
Here ’s a little script that ’ll do just that .
#!/bin/sh # # usage : certlink.sh filename [ filename ...] for CERTFILE in $* ; do # make sure file exists and is a valid cert test -f " $ CERTFILE " || continue HASH = $ ( openssl x509 - noout - hash - in " $ CERTFILE " ) test -n " $ HASH " || continue # use lowest available iterator for symlink for ITER in 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ; do test -f " ${ HASH } .
$ { ITER } " && continue ln -s " $ CERTFILE " " ${ HASH } .
$ { ITER } " test - L " ${ HASH } .
$ { ITER } " && break done done
Command - line clients and servers
The s_client and s_server options provide a way to launch SSL - enabled command - line clients and servers .
There are other examples of their use scattered around this document , but this section is dedicated solely to them .
In this section , I assume you are familiar with the specific protocols at issue : SMTP , HTTP , etc .
Explaining them is out of the scope of this article .
How do I connect to a secure SMTP server ?
You can test , or even use , an SSL - enabled SMTP server from the command line using the s_client option .
Secure SMTP servers offer secure connections on up to three ports : 25 ( TLS ) , 465 ( SSL ) , and 587 ( TLS ) .
Some time around the 0.9.7 release , the openssl binary was given the ability to use STARTTLS when talking to SMTP servers .
# port 25 / TLS ; use same syntax for port 587 openssl s_client - connect remote.host:25 - starttls smtp # port 465/ SSL openssl s_client - connect remote.host:465
RFC821 suggests ( although it falls short of explicitly specifying ) the two characters “ < CRLF > ” as line - terminator .
Most mail agents do not care about this and accept either “ < LF > ” or “ < CRLF > ” as line - terminators , but Qmail does not .
If you want to comply to the letter with RFC821 and / or communicate with Qmail , use also the - crlf option :
openssl s_client - connect remote.host:25 - crlf - starttls smtp
How do I connect to a web server using SNI ?
The shortage of IP v4 addresses prompted the development of the HTTP 1.1 standard so a single IP address could host multiple name - based virtual servers .
Later , that same shortage of addresses led to the development of the Server Name Indication ( SNI ) extension of the TLS protocol .
When using SNI , the client sends the hostname it wants to contact during the TLS negotiation .
An SNI - enabled server is then able to offer the certificate with the matching hostname for the client to verify .
SNI is enabled in openssl by specifying the - servername option .
openssl s_client - connect www.massivehost.com:443 - servername www.myhost.com
How do I connect to a secure [ whatever ] server ?
Connecting to a different type of SSL - enabled server is essentially the same operation as outlined above .
As of the date of this writing , openssl only supports command - line TLS with SMTP servers , so you have to use straightforward SSL connections with any other protocol .
# https : HTTP over SSL openssl s_client - connect remote.host:443 # ldaps : LDAP over SSL openssl s_client - connect remote.host:636 # imaps : IMAP over SSL openssl s_client - connect remote.host:993 # pop3s : POP - 3 over SSL openssl s_client - connect remote.host:995
How do I set up an SSL server from the command line ?
The s_server option allows you to set up an SSL - enabled server from the command line , but it ’s I would n’t recommend using it for anything other than testing or debugging .
If you need a production - quality wrapper around an otherwise insecure server , check out Stunnel instead .
The s_server option works best when you have a certificate ; it ’s fairly limited without one .
# the - www option will sent back an HTML - formatted status page # to any HTTP clients that request a page openssl s_server - cert mycert.pem - www # the - WWW option " emulates a simple web server .
Pages will be # resolved relative to the current directory . "
This example # is listening on the https port , rather than the default # port 4433 openssl s_server - accept 443 - cert mycert.pem - WWW
Digests
Generating digests with the dgst option is one of the more straightforward tasks you can accomplish with the openssl binary .
Producing digests is done so often , as a matter of fact , that you can find special - use binaries for doing the same thing .
How do I create an MD5 or SHA1 digest of a file ?
Digests are created using the dgst option .
I ’ve seen several systems on which the OpenSSL dgst ( 1 ) man page does not accurately report the digest functions available via the local openssl binary .
I suggest running openssl dgst -h to see which digests are actually available .
# MD5 digest openssl dgst - md5 filename # SHA1 digest openssl dgst - sha1 filename # SHA256 digest openssl dgst - sha256 filename
The MD5 digests are identical to those created with the widely available md5sum command , though the output formats differ .
$ openssl dgst - md5 foo -2.23.tar.gz MD5 ( foo -2.23.tar.gz ) = 81eda7985e99d28acd6d286aa0e13e07 $ md5sum foo-2.23.tar.gz 81eda7985e99d28acd6d286aa0e13e07 foo-2.23.tar.gz
The same is true for SHA1 digests and the output of the sha1sum application .
$ openssl dgst - sha1 foo -2.23.tar.gz SHA1 ( foo -2.23.tar.gz ) = e4eabc78894e2c204d788521812497e021f45c08 $ sha1sum foo-2.23.tar.gz e4eabc78894e2c204d788521812497e021f45c08 foo-2.23.tar.gz
How do I sign a digest ?
If you want to ensure that the digest you create does n’t get modified without your permission , you can sign it using your private key .
The following example assumes that you want to sign the SHA256 sum of a file called foo -1.23.tar.gz .
# signed digest will be foo-1.23.tar.gz.sha1 openssl dgst - sha256 \ - sign mykey.pem - out foo-1.23.tar.gz.sha1 \ foo-1.23.tar.gz
How do I verify a signed digest ?
To verify a signed digest you ’ll need the file from which the digest was derived , the signed digest , and the signer ’s public key .
# to verify foo -1.23.tar.gz using foo-1.23.tar.gz.sha1 # and pubkey .pem openssl dgst - sha256 \ - verify pubkey.pem \ - signature foo-1.23.tar.gz.sha1 \ foo-1.23.tar.gz
How do I create an Apache digest password entry ?
Apache ’s HTTP digest authentication feature requires a special password format .
Apache ships with the htdigest utility , but it will only write to a file , not to standard output .
When working with remote users , it ’s sometimes nice for them to be able to generate a password hash on a machine they trust and then mail it for inclusion in your local password database .
The format of the password database is relatively simple : a colon - separated list of the username , authorization realm ( specified by the Apache AuthName directive ) , and an MD5 digest of those two items and the password .
Below is a script that duplicates the output of htdigest , except that the output is written to standard output .
It takes advantage of the dgst option ’s ability to read from standard input .
#!/bin/bash echo " Create an Apache - friendly Digest Password Entry " echo "-----------------------------------------------"
# get user input , disabling tty echoing for password read -p " Enter username : " UNAME read -p " Enter Apache AuthName : " AUTHNAME read -s -p " Enter password : " PWORD ; echo printf "
%s : %s:%s
" \ " $ UNAME " \ " $ AUTHNAME " \ $ ( printf " ${ UNAME } : ${ AUTHNAME } : ${ PWORD } " | openssl dgst - md5 )
What other kinds of digests are available ?
Use the built - in list - message - digest - commands option to get a list of the digest types available to your local OpenSSL installation .
openssl list - message - digest - commands
Like the list in the dgst ( 1 ) man page , this list may be outdated .
Let the buyer beware !
Encryption / Decryption
How do I base 64 - encode something ?
Use the enc - base64 option .
# send encoded contents of file .
txt to stdout openssl enc - base64 - in file .
txt # same , but write contents to file .
txt.enc openssl enc - base64 - in file .
txt - out file .
txt.enc
It ’s also possible to do a quick command - line encoding of a string value :
$ echo " encode me " | openssl enc - base64 ZW5 jb2RlIG1lCg==
Note that echo will silently attach a newline character to your string .
Consider using its -n option if you want to avoid that situation , which could be important if you ’re trying to encode a password or authentication string .
$ echo -n " encode me " | openssl enc - base64 ZW5 jb2RlIG1l
Use the -d ( decode ) option to reverse the process .
$ echo " ZW5 jb2RlIG1lCg== " | openssl enc - base64 -d encode me
How do I simply encrypt a file ?
Simple file encryption is probably better done using a tool like GPG .
Still , you may have occasion to want to encrypt a file without having to build or use a key / certificate structure .
All you want to have to remember is a password .
It can nearly be that simple — if you can also remember the cipher you employed for encryption .
To choose a cipher , consult the enc ( 1 ) man page .
More simply ( and perhaps more accurately ) , you can ask openssl for a list in one of two ways .
# see the list under the ' Cipher commands ' heading openssl -h # or get a long list , one cipher per line openssl list - cipher - commands
After you choose a cipher , you ’ll also have to decide if you want to base 64 - encode the data .
Doing so will mean the encrypted data can be , say , pasted into an email message .
Otherwise , the output will be a binary file .
# encrypt file .
txt to file.enc using 256 - bit AES in CBC mode openssl enc - aes - 256 - cbc - salt - in file .
txt - out file.enc # the same , only the output is base64 encoded for , e.g. , e-mail openssl enc - aes - 256 - cbc - a - salt - in file .
txt - out file.enc
To decrypt file.enc you or the file ’s recipient will need to remember the cipher and the passphrase .
# decrypt binary file.enc openssl enc -d - aes - 256 - cbc - in file.enc # decrypt base64 - encoded version openssl enc -d - aes - 256- cbc - a - in file.enc
If you ’d like to avoid typing a passphrase every time you encrypt or decrypt a file , the openssl ( 1 ) man page provides the details under the heading “ PASS PHRASE ARGUMENTS . ”
The format of the password argument is fairly simple .
# provide password on command line openssl enc - aes - 256 - cbc - salt - in file .
txt \ - out file.enc - pass pass : mySillyPassword # provide password in a file openssl enc - aes - 256 - cbc - salt - in file .
txt \ - out file.enc - pass file :/ path/to/secret/password.txt
Errors
How do I interpret SSL error messages ?
Poking through your system logs , you see some error messages that are evidently related to OpenSSL or crypto :
sshd [ 31784 ] : error : RSA_public_decrypt failed : error:0407006A : lib ( 4 ) : func ( 112 ) :reason ( 106 ) sshd [ 770 ] : error : RSA_public_decrypt failed : error:0407006A: lib ( 4 ) : func( 112 ) :reason ( 106 )
The first step to figure out what ’s going wrong is to use the errstr option to intrepret the error code .
The code number is found between “ error : ” and “ : lib ” .
In this case , it ’s 0407006A .
$ openssl errstr 0407006A error:0407006A:rsa routines : RSA_padding_check_PKCS1_type_1:block type is not 01
If you ’ve got a full OpenSSL installation , including all the development documentation , you can start your investigation there .
In this example , the RSA_padding_add_PKCS1_type_1(3 ) man page will inform you that PKCS # 1 involves block methods for signatures .
After that , of course , you ’d need to pore through your application ’s source code to identify when it would expect be receiving those sorts of packets .
Keys
How do I generate an RSA key ?
Use the genrsa option .
# default 1024 - bit key , sent to standard output openssl genrsa # 2048 - bit key , saved to file named mykey .
pem openssl genrsa - out mykey .pem 2048 # same as above , but encrypted with a passphrase openssl genrsa - des3 - out mykey.pem 2048
How do I generate a public RSA key ?
Use the rsa option to produce a public version of your private RSA key .
openssl rsa - in mykey.pem - pubout
How do I generate a DSA key ?
Building DSA keys requires a parameter file , and DSA verify operations are slower than their RSA counterparts , so they are n’t as widely used as RSA keys .
If you ’re only going to build a single DSA key , you can do so in just one step using the dsaparam subcommand .
# key will be called dsakey .pem openssl dsaparam - noout - out dsakey.pem - genkey 1024
If , on the other hand , you ’ll be creating several DSA keys , you ’ll probably want to build a shared parameter file before generating the keys .
It can take a while to build the parameters , but once built , key generation is done quickly .
# create parameters in dsaparam.pem openssl dsaparam - out dsaparam.pem 1024 # create first key openssl gendsa - out key1.pem dsaparam.pem # and second ... openssl gendsa - out key2.pem dsaparam.pem
How do I create an elliptic curve key ?
Routines for working with elliptic curve cryptography were added to OpenSSL in version 0.9.8 .
Generating an EC key involves the ecparam option .
openssl ecparam - out key.pem - name prime256v1 - genkey # openssl can provide full list of EC parameter names suitable for # passing to the - name option above : openssl ecparam - list_curves
How do I remove a passphrase from a key ?
Perhaps you ’ve grown tired of typing your passphrase every time your secure daemon starts .
You can decrypt your key , removing the passphrase requirement , using the rsa or dsa option , depending on the signature algorithm you chose when creating your private key .
If you created an RSA key and it is stored in a standalone file called key.pem , then here ’s how to output a decrypted version of the same key to a file called newkey .pem .
# you 'll be prompted for your passphrase one last time openssl rsa - in key.pem - out newkey.
pem
Often , you ’ll have your private key and public certificate stored in the same file .
If they are stored in a file called mycert.pem , you can construct a decrypted version called newcert.pem in two steps .
# you 'll need to type your passphrase once more openssl rsa - in mycert.pem - out newcert.pem openssl x509 - in mycert.pem >>newcert.pem
Password hashes
Using the passwd option , you can generate password hashes that interoperate with traditional /etc / passwd files , newer - style /etc / shadow files , and Apache password files .
How do I generate a crypt - style password hash ?
You can generate a new hash quite simply :
$ openssl passwd MySecret 8E4vqBR4UOYF .
If you know an existing password ’s “ salt , ” you can duplicate the hash .
$ openssl passwd - salt 8E MySecret 8E4vqBR4UOYF .
How do I generate a shadow - style password hash ?
Newer Unix systems use a more secure MD5 - based hashing mechanism that uses an eight - character salt ( as compared to the two - character salt in traditional crypt ( ) - style hashes ) .
Generating them is still straightforward using the - 1 option :
$ openssl passwd - 1 MySecret $ 1$sXiKzkus$haDZ9JpVrRHBznY5OxB82 .
The salt in this format consists of the eight characters between the second and third dollar signs , in this case sXiKzkus .
So you can also duplicate a hash with a known salt and password .
$ openssl passwd - 1 - salt sXiKzkus MySecret $ 1$sXiKzkus$haDZ9JpVrRHBznY5OxB82 .
Prime numbers
Current cryptographic techniques rely heavily on the generation and testing of prime numbers , so it ’s no surprise that the OpenSSL libraries contain several routines dealing with primes .
Beginning with version 0.9.7e ( or so ) , the prime option was added to the openssl binary .
How do I test whether a number is prime ?
Pass the number to the prime option .
Note that the number returned by openssl will be in hex , not decimal , format .
$ openssl prime 119054759245460753 1A6F7AC39A53511 is not prime
You can also pass hex numbers directly .
$ openssl prime - hex 2f 2 F is prime
How do I generate a set of prime numbers ?
Starting with OpenSSL version 1.0.0 , the openssl binary can generate prime numbers of a specified length :
$ openssl prime - generate - bits 64 16148891040401035823 $ openssl prime - generate - bits 64 - hex E207F23B9AE52181
If you ’re using a version of OpenSSL older than 1.0.0 , you ’ll have to pass a bunch of numbers to openssl and see what sticks .
The seq utility is useful in this capacity .
# define start and ending points AQUO = 10000 ADQUEM = 10100 for N in $ ( seq $ AQUO $ ADQUEM ) ; do # use bc to convert hex to decimal openssl prime $ N | awk '/ is prime / {print " ibase =16 ; " $ 1} ' | bc done
Random data
How do I generate random data ?
Use the rand option to generate binary or base64 - encoded data .
# write 128 random bytes of base64 - encoded data to stdout openssl rand - base64 128 # write 1024 bytes of binary random data to a file openssl rand - out random - data .bin 1024 # seed openssl with semi-random bytes from browser cache cd $ ( find ~/.mozilla / firefox - type d - name Cache ) openssl rand - rand $ ( find .
- type f - printf '% f : ' ) - base64 1024
On a Unix box with a / dev/ urandom device and a copy of GNU head , or a recent version of BSD head , you can achieve a similar effect , often with better entropy :
# get 32 bytes from / dev/urandom and base64 encode them head -c 32 /dev/urandom | openssl enc - base64
You can get a wider variety of characters than what ’s offered using Base64 encoding by using strings :
# get 32 bytes from / dev/random , grab printable characters , and # strip whitespace .
using echo and the shell 's command substitution # will nicely strip out newlines .
echo $ ( head -c 32 / dev/ random | strings - 1 ) | sed 's /[ [ : space : ] ]//g'
Make sure you know the trade - offs between the random and urandom devices before relying on them for truly critical entropy .
Consult the random ( 4 ) man page on Linux and BSD systems , or random ( 7D ) on Solaris , for further information .
S/MIME
S/MIME is a standard for sending and receiving secure MIME data , especially in e-mail messages .
Automated S/MIME capabilities have been added to quite a few e-mail clients , though openssl can provide command - line S/ MIME services using the smime option .
Note that the documentation in the smime ( 1 ) man page includes a number of good examples .
How do I verify a signed S/ MIME message ?
It ’s pretty easy to verify a signed message .
Use your mail client to save the signed message to a file .
In this example , I assume that the file is named msg.txt .
openssl smime - verify - in msg.txt
If the sender ’s certificate is signed by a certificate authority trusted by your OpenSSL infrastructure , you ’ll see some mail headers , a copy of the message , and a concluding line that says Verification successful .
If the messages has been modified by an unauthorized party , the output will conclude with a failure message indicating that the digest and / or the signature does n’t match what you received :
Verification failure 23016: error: 21071065:PKCS7 routines : PKCS7_signatureVerify:digest failure : pk7_doit.c:804 : 23016:error:21075069:PKCS7 routines : PKCS7_verify : signature failure : pk7_smime.c:265 :
Likewise , if the sender ’s certificate is n’t recognized by your OpenSSL infrastructure , you ’ll get a similar error :
Verification failure 9544 : error: 21075075 :PKCS7 routines : PKCS7_verify : certificate verify error : pk7_smime .c:222 : Verify error:self signed certificate
Most e-mail clients send a copy of the public certificate in the signature attached to the message .
From the command line , you can view the certificate data yourself .
You ’ll use the smime - pk7 out option to pipe a copy of the PKCS # 7 certificate back into the pkcs7 option .
It ’s oddly cumbersome but it works .
openssl smime - pk7 out - in msg.txt | \ openssl pkcs7 - text - noout - print_certs
If you ’d like to extract a copy of your correspondent ’s certificate for long - term use , use just the first part of that pipe .
openssl smime - pk7 out - in msg.txt - out her -cert.pem
At that point , you can either integrate it into your OpenSSL infrastructure or you can save it off somewhere for special use .
openssl smime - verify - in msg.txt - CAfile / path/to/her-cert.pem
How do I encrypt a S / MIME message ?
Let ’s say that someone sends you her public certificate and asks that you encrypt some message to her .
You ’ve saved her certificate as her - cert.pem .
You ’ve saved your reply as my - message .
txt .
To get the default — though fairly weak — RC2 - 40 encryption , you just tell openssl where the message and the certificate are located .
openssl smime her-cert.pem - encrypt - in my - message.txt
If you ’re pretty sure your remote correspondent has a robust SSL toolkit , you can specify a stronger encryption algorithm like triple DES :
openssl smime her-cert.pem - encrypt - des3 - in my - message.txt
By default , the encrypted message , including the mail headers , is sent to standard output .
Use the - out option or your shell to redirect it to a file .
Or , much trickier , pipe the output directly to sendmail .
openssl smime her - cert.pem \ - encrypt \ - des3 \ - in my - message.
txt \ - from ' Your Fullname < you@youraddress.com >' \ - to ' Her Fullname < her@heraddress.com >' \ - subject ' My encrypted reply ' | \ sendmail her@heraddress.com
How do I sign a S / MIME message ?
If you do n’t need to encrypt the entire message , but you do want to sign it so that your recipient can be assured of the message ’s integrity , the recipe is similar to that for encryption .
The main difference is that you need to have your own key and certificate , since you ca n’t sign anything with the recipient ’s cert .
openssl smime \ - sign \ - signer / path / to / your - cert.pem \ - in my- message.
txt \ - from ' Your Fullname < you@youraddress.com >' \ - to ' Her Fullname < her@heraddress.com >' \ - subject ' My signed reply ' | \ sendmail her@heraddress.com
For further reading
Though it takes time to read them all and figure out how they relate to one another , the OpenSSL man pages are the best place to start : asn1 parse ( 1 ) , ca( 1 ) , ciphers ( 1 ) , config ( 5 ) , crl ( 1 ) , crl2pkcs7 ( 1 ) , dgst ( 1 ) , dhparam ( 1 ) , dsa ( 1 ) , dsaparam ( 1 ) , ec( 1 ) , ecparam ( 1 ) , enc ( 1 ) , errstr ( 1 ) , gends a ( 1 ) , genpkey ( 1 ) , genrsa ( 1 ) , nseq ( 1 ) , ocsp ( 1 ) , openssl ( 1 ) , passwd ( 1 ) , pkcs 12 ( 1 ) , pkcs7 ( 1 ) , pkcs8 ( 1 ) , pkey ( 1 ) , pkeyparam ( 1 ) , pkeyutl ( 1 ) , rand ( 1 ) , req ( 1 ) , rsa( 1 ) , rsautl ( 1 ) , s_client ( 1 ) , s_server ( 1 ) , s_time ( 1 ) , sess_id ( 1 ) , smime ( 1 ) , speed ( 1 ) , spkac ( 1 ) , ts ( 1 ) , tsget ( 1 ) , verify ( 1 ) , version ( 1 ) , x509 ( 1 ) , x509v3_config( 5 ) .
This document has been online for well over a decade .
Much of its development is due to my own curiosity , but several key improvements have come via unsolicited suggestions from readers .
So let me say explicitly that comments and suggestions about this document are appreciated and can be addressed to the author at heinlein@madboa.com .
The number of cases of swine flu in England almost doubled this week to 53,000 , the chief medical officer said today .
Sir Liam Donaldson also said the number of deaths of people in the UK suffering from swine flu had risen from 106 last week to 122 – 93 in England , 15 in Scotland , eight in Northern Ireland and six in Wales .
The number of people with the infection in England last week was about 27,000 .
Donaldson said he was concerned by the high proportion of deaths in younger age groups , describing it as a " very unusual pattern for flu " .
More than half ( 54 % ) of deaths have been in the under - 45 age group while 77 % have been in the under - 65 group .
With seasonal flu , the majority of deaths would be expected in the over - 65s .
The announcement , during Donaldson 's regular briefing at the Department of Health , came as the Scottish health secretary , Nicola Sturgeon , revealed that four people had died in Scotland in the past 24 hours , including a teenage boy .
She said all had underlying health problems .
The deaths bring the total in Scotland to 21 since the outbreak began in spring .
" It is with sadness and regret that I have to report an additional four deaths from swine flu in the last 24 hours , " said Sturgeon .
The four people with H1N1 virus who died in Scotland in the past 24 hours were a 16 - year - old boy , a 77 - year - old man , a woman , 54 , from Glasgow , and a 47 - year - old woman from Fife .
The UK's mass vaccination programme against swine flu was launched yesterday , targeting 11 million priority patients and frontline health workers in its initial phase .
Amid fears that there would be a low take - up among NHS staff , Gordon Brown , told the Commons that the country was " ahead of the world " in its fight against the potentially fatal infection .
By Jane Wakefield
Technology reporter , BBC News
Anyone with a fixed line telephone will have to pay the 50 p tax A controversial broadband tax should be law before the next election , according to Minister for Digital Britain Stephen Timms .
The 50 pence a month tax will apply to everyone with a fixed line telephone .
Speaking at a debate in London , Mr Timms said the tax will be presented to parliament as part of the Finance Bill .
But the Tory MP John Whittingdale said the tax , which could raise up to £ 175 m a year to fund high speed networks , would be opposed by the Conservatives .
" I 'm confident the Conservative party will oppose it .
I object to it on the basis that it is another tax and is aimed at people who are using old technology , " said Mr Whittingdale , who is also chair of the DCMS ( Department for Culture , Media and Sport ) select committee .
Speaking at a debate organised by The BCS Chartered Institute for IT ( formerly the British Computer Society ) , Mr Timms reiterated the government 's commitment to the levy and the other recommendations of Lord Carter 's Digital Britain report .
" We want to make high speed networks nationally available .
The next - generation fund will help that and we will legislate for it this side of a general election , " he said .
No derailment
There had been speculation that it would be shelved because of a convention that any tax introduced shortly before an election should have cross-party support
Rory Cellan - Jones , BBC Technology correspondent
Read more in Rory 's blog
He told BBC News that the other recommendations of the Digital Britain report would " be built on " in the Digital Economy Bill , which will be presented to parliament in November .
There have been concerns in recent months that the Digital Britain report , which was unveiled in June , has been derailed .
Business Secretary , Lord Mandelson , has intervened to beef up the government policy on illegal file - sharing , which could include removing persistent offenders from the net .
Mr Timms denied the report had been sidelined .
" Nothing has been derailed .
It is full steam ahead , " he told BBC News .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A money loan means that you have borrowed money that you can use for many things like debt consolidation , large purchases , some emergency expenses , and many other situations .
Money loans are paid back on monthly rates depending on your circumstances .
When does money loan make sense ?
California hard money direct always advises to think carefully about your financial situation before you decide to take a loan , but however , each of us found ourselves in moments when there is no other solution than to opt for a money loan .
Sometimes a money loan is the best way to get capital to finance some projects that you cant actually afford .
Here are some of the reasons to get a money loan .
Home remodeling
A money loan is a great solution to cover home remodeling costs .
Whether you want to install solar panels , to put on a new roof , add a swimming pool , remodel your kitchen , or you simply do n’t have the cash , a money loan can really help you when it comes to improvements of your home .
Moving costs
You wo n’t need a lot of money to move a short distance , but again , you never know .
However , for a long - distance move , due to the new business opportunity , costs can skyrocket , which will require a certain “ financial injection ” to get everything you have planned carefree .
Emergency expenses
Although uncomfortable to think about that , a money loan is a helpful resource in cases of a family member ’s death .
Funerals can be really expensive .
There are also a number of problems that may arise around our health that will require treatment and high medical costs .
It includes visits to the dentist , fertility treatments , cosmetic surgery , and any other procedures that can cost $ 4,000 or more .
Should I get a money loan ?
Before applying for a money loan , California hard money direct warmly recommends that you consider how much space you have in your budget for a regular monthly repayment .
Always consider making the loan meaningful , and for rational reasons , so as not to go “ deeper ” and put yourself in a devasting situation .
Final words
There are different types of loans that are specifically designed to help you get money as easily and quickly as possible in certain situations , which will help you get through a difficult period , and be able to repay installments according to your current situation .
You never know what awaits us … Read the rest
Over at United Liberty , Crystal Gross argues that Libertarians ( and libertarians ) need to back off from their doctrinaire attitudes :
[ M ]y day - to - day experience with card - carrying members of the Libertarian Party indicates a considerably different perspective on the libertarian philosophy : “ Live and let live … or else . ”
Why would members of a “ Party Of Principle ” with the aforementioned philosophy exclude other people from their little club because they disagree on a few matters ?
Why is a platform more important than a fresh idea ?
Why is youthful intellectual curiosity discouraged among a group of people who profess to want YOU to THINK ?
The more “ radical ” Libertarians — the biggest L’s among us — play a major role in the advancement of the Party in the future .
Unfortunately , the readiness and enthusiasm with which they attack their own people distracts them from constructive efforts which only they are capable of carrying out .
Like attacking politicians and bringing about actual change . (…)
It ’s high - time Radical Libertarians backed off .
Otherwise , you ’re going to have a lot of room in that tent .
Of course , as some of us know all too well , purging of the insufficiently orthodox is something that ’s as common to libertarians as the sun coming up in the morning .
But , Crystal has a point here .
Considering that libertarians are such an extreme political minority , it seems incredibly stupid to kick people out of the movement for being insufficiently orthodox on , say , the Non-Aggression pledge , when there are so many other battles where we could unite with others — including , in some cases , Republicans and Democrats — who agree with us on specific issues .
It ’s largely the reason that the Libertarian Party , nearly 40 years after it ’s founding is a non-entity in American politics , and why the most effective libertarian organizations are groups like The Cato Institute who see the value in reaching out beyond the relatively small echo chamber of libertarian debating societies .
There ’s room for the radicals and the moderates in the fight for liberty , and if we do n’t unite we ’re destined to lose
The two countries signed the protocols under the watchful eyes of big powers Turkey and Armenia have signed a historic accord normalising relations after a century of hostility .
The deal was signed by the two foreign ministers after last - minute problems delayed the ceremony in Switzerland .
Under the agreement , Turkey and Armenia are to establish diplomatic ties and reopen their shared border .
The accord has been met by protests in Armenia , where many people say it does not fully address the 1915 killing of hundreds of thousands of Armenians .
Objections Armenia wants
Turkey to recognise the killings as an act of genocide , but successive Turkish governments have refused to do so .
The agreement calls for a joint commission , also including international experts , to examine the " historical dimension " of the two countries ' relations .
ANALYSIS Kim Ghattas , BBC News , Zurich
Turkey and Armenia both have an interest in turning the page - the economy of landlocked Armenia would benefit from access to Turkey .
And Ankara 's role as a broker and stabilising influence would be boosted in a volatile region .
The US also stands to gain .
Ties with Turkey , a key American ally , have come under strain repeatedly because of the million and a half Armenian Americans who have lobbied for a draft resolution in the US Congress to name the World War I killings as genocide .
Clinton put to the test Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu and his Armenian counterpart , Edward Nalbandian , signed the protocols in Switzerland after a delay of more than three hours .
The BBC's Kim Ghattas in Zurich says the Armenians had apparently raised objections to remarks due to be read out by the Turkish delegation .
After the signing neither side issued a statement , and our correspondent says this seems to have been the compromise arranged by US officials .
The administration of President Barack Obama had been pressing the parties to reach agreement .
The ceremony was attended by US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , as well as Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the EU's High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy , Javier Solana .
How Turks , Armenians see new ties Q&A : Armenian genocide dispute Mrs Clinton later said the US would build on the " milestone " that had been achieved , but admitted " concerns on both sides " had delayed the signing .
A senior state department official told Associated Press that Mr Obama had called Mrs Clinton " to congratulate her and the team " on their role in the signing .
The accord needs to be ratified by the parliaments of both Armenia and Turkey .
On Friday thousands of people protested against the deal in the Armenian capital , Yerevan .
" The international recognition of the Armenian genocide will be hindered by this signature , or ratification , " said Vahan Hovanissyan , a member of parliament for the nationalist Dashnaktsutyun party .
One protester told the BBC he was not opposed to the opening of the border , but was " against the setting up of a commission that will allow Turkey to further postpone declaring the killings as genocide " .
Hundreds of thousands of Armenians died in 1915 , when they were deported en masse from eastern Anatolia by the Ottoman Empire .
They were killed by troops or died from starvation and disease .
HAVE YOUR SAY
It is in the best interest of both countries that they forget about the past and start a new era in their relationship Abdul Malik Niazi , Kabul Armenians have campaigned for the killings to be recognised internationally as genocide - and more than 20 countries have done so .
Turkey admits that many Armenians were killed but says the deaths were part of the widespread fighting that took place in World War I .
A roadmap for normalising relations between Turkey and Armenia was agreed in April .
Turkey closed its border with Armenia in 1993 because of its war with Azerbaijan over the disputed region of Nagorno Karabakh .
Correspondents say most people in Armenia feel their landlocked country has been too isolated since the Turkish border closed and are ready for it to reopen .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Today is the internet 's 40th birthday .
Well , not exactly the internet but Arpanet – the Pentagon - funded research project that is the predecessor to the internet .
Forty years ago , a simple message " Lo " ( it was supposed to be " Login " , but the system crashed ) was sent between two computers at two Californian research labs and a net was born .
What happened next – the development of the now global internet , the web that you are reading this on – has had an impact on all of us .
Last week , the Guardian published an interactive people 's history of the internet telling the story of how that happened and interviewing some of the people who made it so .
Charley Kline and Bill Duvall – who made that first connection between the University of California , Los Angeles and the Stanford Research Institute – are in there , as are pioneers of politics , social interaction and gaming online .
Kline admits the importance was not recognised at the time .
" It was neat that it was working ... but nobody recognised that it was the beginning of something , " he says – but what would develop from that first connection has had a huge influence on how we live today .
It is also worth remembering the perhaps unexpected nature of those who made this military - funded network .
Oliver Burkeman spoke to Leonard Kleinrock , the UCLA professor who led the project , for a complementary piece on how the internet changed the world for ever , noting that the Arpanet 's development into what we have today was never inevitable .
It was a crucial idiosyncrasy of the Arpanet that its funding came from the American defence establishment – but that the millions ended up on university campuses , with researchers who embraced an anti-establishment ethic , and who in many cases were committedly leftwing ; one computer scientist took great pleasure in wearing an anti-Vietnam badge to a briefing at the Pentagon .
Instead of smothering their research in the utmost secrecy – as you might expect of a cold war project aimed at winning a technological battle against Moscow – they made public every step of their thinking , in documents known as Requests For Comments .
That thinking followed through and the internet – open both for people and machines thanks to the run-anywhere systems at its heart – would eventually win out over attempts in the 1980s to create more tightly controlled networks .
It is also a spirit that informed Tim Berners - Lee 's later World Wide Web ( not the same as the internet ) when the Cern European particle physics laboratory released it royalty - free for anyone to use .
Lots more contributed to the internet we have today – bulletin boards , Usenet , dial - up modems , innovators and hobbyists outside the research labs – but Arpanet was the foundation stone and is worth remembering .
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - Every 13 seconds in America , there is another foreclosure filing .
An empty mail box is seen at the front door of a foreclosed house in Miami Gardens , Florida in this September 15 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria / Files
That ’s the rhythm of a crisis that threatens to choke off hopes for a recovery in the U.S. housing market as it destroys hundreds of billions of dollars in property values a year .
There are more than 6,600 home foreclosure filings per day , according to the Center for Responsible Lending , a nonpartisan watchdog group based in Durham , North Carolina .
With nearly two million already this year , the flood of foreclosures shows no sign of abating any time soon .
If anything , the country ’s worst housing downturn since record - keeping began in the late 19th century may only get worse since foreclosures , which started with subprime borrowers , have now moved on to the much bigger prime loan market on the back of mounting unemployment .
In congressional testimony last month Michael Barr , the Treasury Department ’s assistant secretary for financial institutions , said more than 6 million families could face foreclosure over the next three years .
“ The recent crisis in the housing sector has devastated families and communities across the country and is at the center of our financial crisis and economic downturn , ” Barr said .
A September report by a foreclosure task force appointed by Florida ’s Supreme Court pointed to a shift in the root cause of foreclosures : “ People are no longer defaulting simply because of a change in the payment structure of their loan .
They are defaulting because of lost jobs or reduced hours or pay . ”
Florida had the nation ’s highest rate of homes -- 23 percent -- that were either in foreclosure or delinquent on mortgage payments in the second quarter , and the report said “ the latest news for Florida is horrifying . ”
A recent pickup in sales and home prices in some regions has been heralded as a sign that the crisis in residential real estate may be close to bottoming out , after the steepest price decline since at least 1890 .
But nearly half of recent sales have been attributed to foreclosures or “ short sales ” at bargain - basement prices .
Even as the U.S. economy seems to be recovering from its worst recession since the Great Depression , mortgage delinquencies continue to rise .
And that adds risk to any relatively upbeat assessment , since foreclosures depress the value of nearby properties while eroding the net worth of homeowners and the tax base for communities nationwide .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
The Center for Responsible Lending says foreclosures are on track to wipe out $ 502 billion in property values this year .
That spillover effect from foreclosures is one reason why Celia Chen of Moody ’s Economy.com says nationwide home prices wo n’t regain the peak levels they reached in 2006 until 2020 .
In states hardest - hit by the housing bust , like Florida and California , the rebound will take until 2030 , Chen predicted .
“ The default rates , the delinquency rates , are still rising , ” Chen told Reuters .
“ Rising joblessness combined with a large degree of negative equity are going to cause foreclosures to increase , ” she added .
Anyone doubting that the recovery in U.S. real estate prices will be long and hard should take a look at Japan , Chen said .
Prices there are still off about 50 percent from the peak they hit 15 years ago .
Jay Brinkmann , chief economist with the Mortgage Bankers Association , said foreclosures are expected to peak in the second half of 2010 .
But that forecast is based on a projection that unemployment will begin falling after topping out “ barely in double digits by the middle of next year . ”
Last week the Labor Department reported the unemployment rate rose to a 26 - year high of 9.8 percent in September , in the latest evidence that a turnaround in the jobs market is the missing link in the economic recovery .
Since the start of the recession , the number of unemployed people has soared 7.6 million to 15.1 million .
In Florida , unemployment is hovering at a nearly 40 - year high of 10.7 percent , led by a steep decline in construction jobs .
MODIFICATIONS AND “ MONSTERS ”
Mortgage modifications , the centerpiece of a plan unveiled by the Obama administration in March to help as many as 9 million struggling borrowers hold onto their homes , have gotten off to a sluggish start .
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , which regulates U.S. banks , said in a September 30 report that banks and loan services stepped up efforts to help distressed homeowners in the second quarter , more than tripling the loan modifications that reduced principal .
“ This trend represents a significant shift from earlier quarters , when the vast majority of loan modifications either did not change monthly payments or increased them , ” it said .
Only a relatively small number of homeowners have seen financial relief from so - called “ loan workouts ” so far , however , and government officials acknowledge that far more is needed to reverse the national tide of foreclosures .
Help would be more than welcome in areas like Miami Gardens where there is a pervasive sense of anger about banks and the blight caused by foreclosures in a city that once boasted one of the highest home - ownership rates in the country .
A predominantly African - American community of 111,000 people , just north of Miami , it now has a 13 percent foreclosure rate -- the second highest in Florida -- and a glut of shuttered or boarded - up homes .
“ The banks were bailed out first .
We all assumed that they were going to turn around and help other people but that did n’t happen , ” said Ruby Milligan , 61 , a teacher who took early retirement after suffering a mild stroke several years ago .
She received a foreclosure notice from Deutsche Bank in August last year , but still lives in her Miami Gardens home , fearing a knock on the door with an eviction order any time .
Her retiree income is considered insufficient to qualify her for any modification of the adjustable - rate home - equity loan that she took out when the property was worth far more than it is today , she said .
“ I feel that the banks should write these mortgages down , ” Milligan said .
“ They wrote these bad mortgages , they created these monsters . ”
One way of easing the crisis would be so - called “ cramdowns , ” a measure giving bankruptcy judges authorization to write down the principal on homeowners ’ mortgages .
A similar measure helped curtail family farm foreclosures in the 1980s , but Representative Brad Miller , a North Carolina Democrat , said the banking lobby killed it when it came up for approval by Congress earlier this year .
“ We fought that fight before and lost it , ” Miller said .
“ The industry will continue to oppose it . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
By Nick Bryant
BBC News , Australia
When Indian students arrive in Australia , probably the last thing they think they will end up doing is taking to the streets in a series of boisterous protests .
First , they were voicing anger over a spate of muggings and attacks in Melbourne , Sydney and Adelaide .
Police confirm there have been 97 attacks since late May , although the true figure is probably much higher since many assaults go unreported .
There have been large rallies against the attacks in Australian cities Now , the ranks of disgruntled Indian students have been swelled by those who believe they are being ripped off by a private system keen to take their money , but unable to offer value for money or even a proper education .
Twin demands of protection from attacks and safeguards from unscrupulous private education providers are now motivating what has fast become a student movement .
And it has drawn multi-racial support not only from Australian students but also from Chinese and other nationalities too .
For the Australian government it is a particularly sensitive issue .
Australia is an educational powerhouse , with 70,000 Indian students alone .
After coal and iron ore , it is the country 's third most lucrative industry , worth around £ 7.5 bn ( $ 14.35bn AUD ) .
Punched and kicked
It was the beauty of Sydney that drew Sumit Purdani from Delhi to study for an MBA , but he will remember his time here for the ugliness of the welcome .
Less than a month after arriving Sumit was set upon by a gang of three youths of Middle Eastern descent while he was on his way to a Hindu temple .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He was punched and kicked in an attack that lasted 10 - 15 minutes .
His attackers only ran off when a local football team , who had just finished a match , came into view .
I asked him how he could be sure he was attacked because of his nationality .
There was no doubt , he said , " because of the comments they made , because I was carrying a bag with an Indian logo and because of the comments they made of my country and background " .
More recently , Sumit was attacked for a second time .
He says Indian students have come to expect being the victims of racist violence , and he knows a dozen friends who have been targeted .
' Curry diplomacy '
Back in India - a country determined to assert itself much more forcefully on the international stage , and unwilling to sit back while its citizens experience trouble abroad - the Indian student attacks have received extensive coverage on both cable news channels and special programmes devoted to the issue .
Kevin Rudd sought to ease tensions with praise for India " So what will it take to get Mr Kevin Rudd to finally wake up ? " asked one commentator , reproachfully .
Alert to the diplomatic , as well as the economic , fall - out from the controversy , Prime Minister Rudd spoke to Indian reporters , and tried to convey his respect and admiration for a country which Australia has traditionally tended to ignore .
" Our Indian community has been such a vital contributor to our culture , to our life , to our food , to our music , " he said .
He even opted for some curry diplomacy .
" Bollywood is a thing with all of our kids , they just love it , " he said .
" And I always say this too .
Imagine if we never had Indian food in Australia .
We would be sentenced to 100 years of English cuisine . "
To some Indian tastes , however , this only trivialised the issue .
Since Mr Rudd made those comments , in the midst of the southern winter , the debate has moved on .
Lack of equipment
The assaults against Indian students have received less attention than concerns over the quality of education being offered .
We are not here only for the milking , we are not the cash cow .
We are here for education
Former Sterling College student Sashi Ray
These concerns were crystallised following the closure of Sterling College in Sydney , a private college offering vocational qualifications which went into administration in late July .
Sterling College shut its door on 500 mainly overseas students , all of whom had spent thousands of dollars in tuition fees .
The controversy brought to the fore the issue of financial mismanagement in this lucrative sector , and substandard courses .
I spoke to former lecturers at Sterling College who complained about not being given even the most rudimentary teaching tools , like overhead projectors , hand - outs and textbooks .
One lecturer told me she had been teaching a course on ethics at the college , but felt there was something deeply unethical about the courses being offered .
Worried parents Hardeep Kaur was close to completing her course when Sterling College went into administration .
She has not yet told her parents , who have forked out tens of thousands of dollars for her education :
You do n't want to kill the goose .
You have to figure out a way by which you look after the goose
Amit Dasgupta , Indian consul general in Australia " They are calling every day and asking how the studies are going .
I had to just say everything is fine , because I can't tell them .
They will be in shock .
I did n't tell anything to them . "
" We spent thousands of dollars , ' she says .
" How would they feel ?
They will be in shock . "
Her friend , Sashi Ray , is in a similar predicament .
" Someone please take care of the international students .
We are not here only for the milking , we are not the cash cow .
We are here for education . "
Amit Dasgupta , the Indian consul general , requested a posting to Sydney because his daughter is studying in the city .
He wants tighter regulation of this multi-billion dollar industry from the state and federal government , and believes it is now happening .
" It has got the goose that lays the golden egg , " he says of the Australian government .
" You do n't want to kill the goose .
You have to figure out a way by which you look after the goose .
And the only way you can do that is to get the foxes out of the way . "
The state and federal governments are implementing reforms which will strengthen the accreditation process for private colleges , and clamp down on unscrupulous colleges .
Global ambitions
With student interest from India already showing signs of trailing off , it has also mounted a diplomatic offensive .
The Australian Deputy Prime Minister , Julia Gillard , visited India this month .
Mr Rudd plans to make his own visit before Christmas .
At a protest march in Sydney this month , the Australian authorities might have been unnerved by the presence of so many camera crews from China , another lucrative market in the overseas student industry .
Australia is often stereotyped as an unusually racist country , partly because its White Australia immigration policy lasted until the early 1970s .
But perhaps the bigger story of the post - war years is how a mono- cultural society became a successfully multi-cultural society , without much of a backlash .
Geographically and diplomatically , it is well placed to have an enhanced international role in what is likely to be an Asia - dominated century .
But alienating students from the emerging giants of India and China could impede its global ambitions .
Watch Nick Bryant 's full report on Indian students in Australia on Newsnight on Tuesday 8 September 2009 at 2230 BST .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Martin Fletcher
The Times Online
October 8 , 2009
[ efoods ] American soldiers serving in Afghanistan are depressed and deeply disillusioned , according to the chaplains of two US battalions that have spent nine months on the front line in the war against the Taleban .
Many feel that they are risking their lives — and that colleagues have died — for a futile mission and an Afghan population that does nothing to help them , the chaplains told The Times in their makeshift chapel on this fortress - like base in a dusty , brown valley southwest of Kabul .
“ The many soldiers who come to see us have a sense of futility and anger about being here .
They are really in a state of depression and despair and just want to get back to their families , ” said Captain Jeff Masengale , of the 10th Mountain Division ’s 2 - 87 Infantry Battalion .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Python is a garbage collected language .
The garbage collector will collect orphaned objects .
These are objects that have no references .
If an object has a __del__ method , it will be called when that object is collected .
Note however , that there are no guarantees as to when this will take place .
This means that while you should release all owned resources in the __del__ method , you should not depend on it to release these resources when the object “ goes out of scope ” as in C ++.
Specifically note that del x does not call x’s __del__ method , just removes this specific reference to x .
To be explicit about resource management , call the appropriate function yourself in the flow of your program , or better yet , use try - finally or the with statement .
( For more information about those , see my presentation about advanced python subjects ) .
There is another interesting caveat regarding Python ’s gc .
Consider the following code :
class A ( object ) : pass a = A ( ) b = A ( ) a. x = b b. x = a del a del b class A ( object ) : pass a = A ( ) b = A ( ) a.x = b b.x = a del a del b
Did a and b lose their references ?
Well , they did n’t .
They ’re still pointing at each other , creating a reference cycle .
Happily , Python ’s garbage collector can still handle those .
However , it wo n’t be able to handle reference cycles if at least one object in the cycle has a __del__ method .
To understand why , consider the above example , only this time assume A has a __del__ method that calls self .x. release ( ) .
Now , which __del__ method should be called first ?
if it is called , is the other one still valid ?
Python refuses the temptation to guess , and leaves the cycle be , creating a memory ( or resource ) leak .
The solution ?
1. Avoid data structures with reference cycles .
For instance , there are very few instances where you ’d need a doubly linked list :)
2 . If you do need reference cycles , consider using the weakref module , which allows you to create references that “ do n’t count ” in the eyes of the gc .
Further reading material :
1 . The __del__ method .
2 . The gc ( garbage collector ) module .
A 10 - week - old puppy was kicked to death when it ran up to a group of people in a Cambridgeshire park in what the RSPCA called a " sickening " attack .
The Jack Russell was being walked by its owner , a 15 - year - old girl , in Priory Park , St Neots , on Monday .
The puppy ran over to three people in a wooded area of the park , and one of them kicked it in the head .
It died almost instantly .
An RSPCA spokeswoman called the attack " absolutely shocking and sickening " .
A member of the public tried to resuscitate the puppy but it died from a fractured skull .
Upset family
The offenders , who ran off , wore hooded tops .
RSPCA inspector Cherry Evans said : " This is an absolutely shocking and sickening incident which caused a great deal of pain to this small puppy , and left her owners devastated .
" It is difficult to understand how anyone could be so deliberately cruel and it is vital that anyone with information comes forward . "
Pc Amanda Foreman , of Cambridgeshire police , said : " This has upset an entire family who are finding it hard to understand how someone can do this to a puppy .
" If anyone saw what happened , or knows something about this , they should get in touch . "
A man , who wishes to remain anonymous , has offered a £ 200 reward for information which leads to the successful arrest and conviction of the offender .
CLICK HERE to see what we 're pouring at the restaurant .
Take your love of hops to new heights .
LEARN MORE .
Welcome to the Free State .
At Free State , we do n’t always strictly adhere to rules about beer styles , and we are n’t tied to marketing surveys .
Our mission is much simpler than that : Provide good folks with great - tasting beer that is perfectly suited for almost any occasion .
In 1878 , 28 - year - old Robert C. Morrison drifted from the East to Miles City , Montana , an oasis of barrooms , brothels and gambling dens in the hauntingly beautiful and remote plains and badlands of southeastern Montana .
The place had begun as a watering hole for wandering buffalo hunters and the soldiers at nearby Fort Keogh ; eventually cowboys , sheepherders , railroad workers and a cast of eccentric Britons would join in the fun .
He had an eye for the off - kilter , the anomalous and the marginalized .
At his death , at age 87 in 1938 , he left behind more than 3,600 glass - plate negatives , but a disagreement among his heirs left them gathering dust — until now .
At the Montana Historical Society , which is printing the negatives , photo archivist Lory Morrow , says she and her staff “ talk among ourselves ” about Morrison ’s unusual vision , which , while “ off the mainstream ” is also “ more realistic ” than the work of other photographers from that place and time .
“ Jones shack along the Yellowstone ” is the only identification of this photo , written by an unknown hand .
Why did Morrison frame the boat as if it were marooned on the dry - as - toast plains ?
( He composed all his pictures carefully : the glass - plate negatives he used were fragile and expensive , and they required long exposure times . )
The image captures the loneliness of homesteads once inhabited by hopeful pioneers .
You can still see them along the Yellowstone River — abandoned and empty , relics of someone ’s busted dream of turning the semi-arid land into a profitable farm or ranch .
Miles City lies on the south bank of the Yellowstone River , as does the Northern Pacific Railroad , which arrived in 1881 .
For those who settled north of the river , isolation was a given .
For an instance , an Englishwoman named Evelyn Cameron — another glass - plate photographer of extraordinary talent — moved in 1902 with her husband to a log cabin some 40 miles northeast of Miles City , near Terry , Montana .
Their ranch was , “ shut in on two sides by the river & badlands , ” she wrote her sister .
To get their mail and supplies , “ we have to ride or drive 28 miles & cross the Yellowstone by a ferry boat in summer & on ice in winter ....
[ E] verything down to the smallest tin tack has had to be hauled from Terry ( 14 miles ) , taken across a rapid river ( 1050 feet wide ) , the latter part of the way without any road . ”
Thus a dingy could be considered an essential piece of ranch equipment — even if there ’s not a drop of water in sight .
My latest New Yorker piece , on how David beats Goliath , is here .
I 've been very pleased with the reaction .
I did want to respond , though , to a number of comments that have been made about the parts of the piece dealing with Rick Pitino and college basketball .
( Nothing is quite as fun as arguing about sports , )
Since most of the commenters make the same arguments , I 'm going to pick a post by Ben Mathis - Lilley , over at New York magazine 's blog .
He writes , in part :
The truth is that almost every team tries to make its opponents work for all 94 feet in some fashion , and not every underdog is born to run a full - court press .
For example , take a team of mediocre players plus two pretty good athletes — one a tiny but quick guard , the other a big man who ’s strong but slow on his feet .
If that team ran a full - court press , the opposition would exploit the big guy by sending the player he guards sprinting down the floor on a fast break , while the small guard would be wasted guarding someone who probably does n’t have possession , since the standard reaction to a press is to pass the ball around .
A better strategy would be for the quick guard to pressure the opposition ’s ball handler while the other players retreat , giving the big guy time to lurk near the basket and shot - block .
The first sentence -- that almost every team makes its opponents work for all 94 feet -- is , of course , nonsense .
But the rest of the paragraph makes perfect sense .
The press is not for everyone .
But then the piece never claimed that it was .
I simply pointed out that insurgent strategies ( substituting effort for ability and challenging conventions ) represent one of David 's only chances of competing successfully against Goliath , so it 's surprising that more underdogs do n't use them .
The data on underdogs in war is quite compelling in this regard .
But it 's also true on the basketball court .
The press is n't perfect .
But given its track record , surely it is under-utilized .
Is n't that strange ?
The New York piece then goes on :
The most misleading part of Gladwell ’s case concerns Rick Pitino , the Kentucky coach who was famously defeated on a last - second play by Duke in the 1992 NCAA tournament when he decided not to guard Grant Hill , who was inbounding the ball ( ignoring the inbounder is a key component of the press ) .
Hmmm .
Small point .
Ignoring the inbounder is not a key component of the press .
It is a key component of someversions of the press .
Pitino also uses a version of the press that does guard the inbounder .
( Also Pitino is no longer the coach at Kentucky .
He 's now the Louisville coach . )
The piece then objects to my attempt to " shoehorn Pitino 's teams into the underdog category " because Pitino 's 1996 Kentucky team " featured featured a staggering nine players who would go on to play in the NBA . "
A number of others have pointed this out , and I 'm still somewhat baffled by the criticism .
Pitino has been a college head coach since 1978 at four schools -- Boston University , Providence College , Kentucky and the University of Louisville .
At BU , he took over a team that had won 17 games in the two years before his arrival .
He went 91 - 51 in five years , and took the team to the NCAA .
At Providence , he took over a team that had gone 11 - 20 the year before .
Two years later , he won 25 games and went to the Final Four with what may have been one of the most spectacularly untalented teams to have ever reached that level .
And at Louisville he took his team to their first final four in 19 years in 2005 .
The star of that squad ?
Francisco Garcia .
Ever heard of him ?
Exactly .
Not to mention this year 's Louisville squad which reached the Elite Eight with really only one NBA caliber player .
You can also make an argument ( and Bill Simmons at ESPN does ) that Pitino did an awful lot with a very little while at the Boston Celtics , briefly , in 1998 .
Pitino 's Kentucky experience is an anomaly .
And by the way the nine players who got drafted into the NBA off that anomalous 1996 Kentucky squad consisted of eight journeymen and one , marginal star --Antoine Walker .
Pitino has had a fraction of the talent that his contemporaries at Kansas , Carolina , Duke or Connecticut have had .
In the last couple of years there have been a growing number of languages " ported " to the Java Virtual Machine ( JVM ) or created solely to run on the JVM .
Some examples include Ruby ( JRuby ) , JavaScript ( Rhino ) , Groovy and Python ( Jython ) .
Specifically , in the past year or so Python has really been gaining a lot of traction on the JVM , thanks to the recent advancements of Jython .
Jython is an implementation of the Python programming language designed to run on the JVM .
It has been around for a little more than 10 years but it was in a fairly stagnant state for much of that time .
More recently there has been a lot more going on in the Jython camp which is helping Python increase it 's footprint on the JVM .
InfoQ recently had the opportunity to interview the Jython project lead , Frank Wierzbicki , about Jython and the state of Python on the JVM .
Over the past year or so it really seems like there is more buzz surrounding Jython , why do you think that is ?
I think the 2.5 release of Jython , which is more compatible with CPython than any previous release of Jython , has been a big part of that .
We are able to run a much larger percentage of Python apps and frameworks than ever before .
Django , Pylons , Py2 Web are working well , SQLAlchemy 0.6 will work with Jython , and work is progressing on Twisted , TurboGears , and Grok ( to name a few ) .
All of this while being able to access Java libraries as if they where native to Python .
What 's Sun Microsystems role in the development of Jython ?
Sun allows me to work on Jython full - time .
I have also been helping the NetBeans folks make Python and Jython a first class part of the NetBeans IDE , and getting Jython , Django , and Pylons working with Glass Fish .
And of course those teams are helping with Jython by incorporating it into their work .
What are the most important changes for Jython 2.5 ?
The focus of 2.5 was to make Jython a great , modern , CPython compatible implementation of Python .
We really tried to make as many pure Python frameworks and applications work as we possibly could .
We did n't put too much time into performance tuning , but we 're looking at that next .
That said , we perform reasonably well compared to CPython .
What 's on the road map for Jython 2.6 ?
We are now looking hard at performance , but we are also adding plenty of features .
For example , we are planning to improve our integration with Java libraries .
In particular , we need to replace a tool from Jython 2.2.x and back called " jythonc " that made it more convenient to implement certain kinds of Java integration and package the results up in jars ( One of Java 's distribution formats ) .
We were unable to support some of the new Python features with jythonc because of its internal design .
We will also be making sure that even more applications and frameworks will work on Jython .
We 're looking forward to the day when having an app that does n't run on Jython will be considered a bug in the app :)
Is there going to be a Jython3k ?
Most definitely !
3.0 is the future of Python , and so it is the future of Jython .
We have not started working on Jython3 k in earnest , but I expect that we will get very serious about it once we release 2.6 .
The reason we are waiting for 2.6 is that the tools for migrating from Python 2 to Python 3 require 2.6 as a staring point .
Are you seeing Jython being adopted for more enterprise applications ?
I have been hearing about people putting WAR files containing Pylons or Django on Jython into production , and I 've heard of a few shops that find Jython 's integration with JDBC is working better for them than CPython 's database access in certain circumstances .
The fact that 2.5 is a modern Python is making it a good choice in many situations .
I 'm not sure people generally realize how old Jython is -- it 's first release happened in July of 1998 .
At the time it was the most full featured programming language on the JVM outside of Java .
So enterprises have actually been using it for a long time .
For example , Jython is the admin scripting language for both IBM WebSphere and Oracle WebLogic .
What 's your view on the state of python on the JVM ?
Things are going very well for Python on the JVM .
The Da Vinci Machine project led by John Rose has been working hard to make the JVM a better place for dynamic languages .
This work is making its way into JDK 7 and will go a long way towards helping Jython perform screamingly fast once we are able to take advantage of this work .
I am prototyping a Jython to take advantage of this work now .
Besides a lot of the work happening on the Jython programming language there have been other resources popping up surrounding the language including a new book about the language , a book about administering WebSphere with Jython , an online book , a podcast and talks and tutorials at PyCon .
To get started check out some of the links above or head over the Jython Home Page for everything you 'll need to explore Python on the JVM .
Additional Resources :
SABRES SIGN DREW STAFFORD by Staff Writer / Buffalo Sabres
Buffalo Sabres General Manager Darcy Regier announced today the team has signed forward Drew Stafford to a two - year deal .
Stafford ( 10/30/1985 , 6-2,220 lbs ) appeared in 79 games last season collecting NHL career - highs in goals ( 20 ) , assists ( 25 ) and points ( 45 ) .
During the 2008 - 09 campaign , Stafford had 12 multi-point games and picked up his second career hat trick on January 27 against the Edmonton Oilers .
In three NHL seasons with Buffalo , Stafford has totaled 110 points ( 49+61 ) in 184 games .
The native of Milwaukee , Wisconsin was selected by the Sabres in the first round ( 13th overall ) in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft .
View Less
Arabidopsis thaliana , Photo credit : Heiti Paves
Nikon ’s annual Small World competition celebrates the world of photomicrography — the tiny photographs that result when you cross a microscope with a camera .
This year ’s winner is above ; channel middle school science class and check out more tiny award - winning wonders after the jump .
[ via NewScientist ]
Spiny sowthistle , Photo credit : Gerd Guenther
Anglerfish ovary , Photo credit : James Hayden
Fish scales , Photo credit : Havi Sarfaty
Cotton fibers , Photo credit : Lloyd Donaldson
Barnes & Noble , which has long left open the possibility of introducing its own electronic reader , is expected to unveil on Tuesday at a news conference in Manhattan what it is calling the Nook .
The device features color touch - screen controls and a gray - and - white reading display .
It will cost $ 259 , matching Amazon.com ’s most recent price cut for its latest edition of the Kindle .
According to an advertisement that Barnes & Noble placed in the Oct. 25 issue of The New York Times Book Review and which was distributed to publishers on Monday , the Nook will permit readers to lend their digital books to friends and download books wirelessly .
A spokeswoman for Barnes & Noble declined to comment .
Barnes & Noble is jumping into a crowded market dominated by the Kindle .
The Reader from Sony is the next most popular such device , but there are several others in the works , including electronic readers from iRex and Plastic Logic .
Driving under the influence , more commonly simply referred to as a DUI , is one of the most serious criminal charges in the state of Virginia .
Virginia has a zero tolerance policy for drunk drivers and seeks to enact switch consequences on those who are found guilty of a DUI charge .
Some of the penalties you can expect a DUI conviction in Virginia to carry include the following :
Fine of at least $ 250
One - year license suspension
Mandatory 5 - day incarceration
One - year administrative license suspension
Ignition interlock device requirement upon reinstatement
The severity of your penalties will depend upon the unique circumstances surrounding your conviction .
Misdemeanors Versus Felonies
There are two types of DUI convictions in Virginia : misdemeanors and felonies .
If this is your first DUI and no one else was involved and there was no car crash , then you might only be charged with a misdemeanor .
However , if your blood alcohol content ( BAC ) level was over a certain limit and this is n’t your first time being arrested for a DUI in Richmond , VA , then you could be facing a felony charge .
Administrative Consequences Versus Judicial Ones
Part of what makes DUIs so life - altering and so complicated is that you are usually facing repercussions from more than one agency .
Not only will you possibly have to deal with a judicial sentence imposed upon you by the court , but you ’ll usually have to deal with some administrative penalties too imposed by the Virginia DMV .
For instance , even if the court does n’t specifically order you to complete a DUI education program in order for you to have your VA license reinstated , you will have to do so under Virginia ’s administrative requirements in order to get your license back .
Likewise , just because the court did n’t order you to have an ignition interlock device installed in your vehicle does n’t mean that the DMV wo n’t require you to have it for six months or longer upon getting your driver ’s license reinstated .
What To Do When You ’re Arrested
When you ’ve been arrested for a DUI in Richmond , VA , the first thing you should do is contact an attorney .
Do n’t speak to police officers or anyone else without speaking to an attorney first .
An attorney will evaluate everything pertaining to your case to first see if the arrest was lawful .
If it was n’t , your case could potentially be dropped .
If it was , your attorney will work to secure you the most favorable outcome possible .
If you ’ve been arrested for a DUI , do n’t panic .
Contact David A.C. Long , a Chesterfield DUI attorney who can assist you .
Resources : https://dui.drivinglaws.org/resources/virginia-first-offense-dui.htm
From the Today Show Oct. 15 , 2009 .
Dylan Ratigan and Michael Moore slam Wall Street for the latest round of bonuses being paid to their executives after being rescued by our tax dollars .
Moore :
Well eventually people are n’t going to take it and I do n’t know how many gated communities these people who are taking this $ 140 billion in bonuses , I do n’t know how many castles with moats around them they can build , but I ’ll tell you something — there ’s an anger that ’s building out there and I mean Matt , these people , they burned down our economy .
They completely crashed it .
And now they 're getting rewarded for it .
It would be like I burned down your house today and then tomorrow you send me a check for it thanking me .
It 's absolutely insane that we allow this to happen but not surprising because that ’s our capitalist system .
They can get away with it because it ’s legal .
They can get away with it because they can make whatever they want to make .
They can take whatever they want to take .
There ’s no such thing as enough .
Lauer : Michael , let me make sure people understand this .
The Wall Street Journal report says that firms are going to pay out about a $ 140 billion dollars in bonuses this year .
The year before the economic meltdown , 2007 , they paid out about $ 130 billion , so it ’s gone up .
How is this news going to go over with people like the ones in your home state Michigan that just found out unemployment is 15.3 % in that state ?
There is a direct connection between those who you see suffering in films that Michael documents and the abdication of duty by our government to allow all the taxpayer money we all work so hard to create to be the plaything , the gambling toy , of the financial industry as opposed to forcing the financial industry to get back to the business of being investors and becoming the next Warren Buffet , actually putting money into the economy as opposed to taking it out .
Ratigan : Largely they were .
Unfortunately the government has changed the rules on behalf of Wall St. to allow them access to trillions of our dollars as you and I have discussed , as Michael Moore has documented .
When you have access to trillions of dollars of taxpayer money with no strings attached , it 's very easy to make a few billion dollars .
A billion is only 1/1000 of a trillion and because our government is allowing the indulgence of the risk taking of the trillions of our own money not only is it allowing Wall Street to make the billions , but it is also depriving the rest of our economy out of the use of those funds which is why you see the heart wrenching antidotes that Michael Moore is so good at portraying .
Lauer : Dylan , let me start with you .
There are going to be a lot of confused people out here .
The Dow is over 10,000 again .
The bonuses are back , but on Main Street you ’ve got money still tight , spending is tough , people ca n’t get mortgages , and unemployment is still a problem .
Is it just the reality now that Wall Street and Main Street are completely disconnected ?
Lauer :
Let me play devil ’s advocate .
This is for both of you .
Michael why do n’t you start with it .
What about this axiom that in business you pay your best people more to keep them so they keep making you money and what about the argument that these bonuses are simply a way of rewarding the people who are making the most money for these institutions .
Moore : Okay , let ’s see .
Let ’s pay the best people , these would be these people , who helped wreck and ruin our economy — let ’s pay them for what they did .
I mean this is absolutely crazy logic .
There are 14,000 people every day that lose their health insurance .
As you said in your report there ’s 15 million out of work .
There ’s a person , there ’s a home that ’s foreclosed in this country every seven and a half seconds .
Now sooner or later people are going to say that ’s it , that ’s enough .
My hope is that when the Congressional switch board opens in about an hour that everybody watching us just calls their member of Congress and say that they have had it , that they want to this to stop .
You said that Bank of America is going to hand out $ 30 billion in bonuses .
You know how much TARP money , our money they got ?
$ 30 billion — that ’s our money .
If people just sit by and let this happen , then we deserve everything we get .
Ratigan : Capitalism in its best form — the government strictly enforces rules of investment Matt on the financial side so the only way an investor can make money is by trying to be the next great venture capitalist , the next great Warren Buffet and picking winners among our best and brightest to support innovators .
So you have innovators here investors here and workers that support both of those communities .
What Wall Street has done is they ’ve taken the language of innovation and wrapped it around the business of investment and changed the government rules so innovating is a way to take money out as opposed to a way to put money in so when you say pay your best people you have to be clear about what you ’re paying your best people to do .
And if you ’re paying your best people to extract as much money as possible from this economy , yes they are creating that “ value ” if you want to call it that .
Lauer : Right .
Ratigan :
But they ’re creating it at the expense of the totality of the system , which is why you see that .
In an ideal world you me and Mr. Moore here are competing to invest money to be the next Warren Buffet with kids from colleges across the country with ideas as opposed to coming up with schemes where we change the rules and basically perpetrate insurance fraud .
Lauer : Michael just 30 seconds left .
Take the last 30 seconds please .
Moore :
We ’re a year after the crash and not one single regulation has been passed — not one .
There ’s a bill right now before the Financial Services Committee in the Senate to have a consumer protection agency .
The banking industry has fought this .
You know they poured over $ 200 million in lobbying fees just this year alone to stop any single rule from being put on them .
They are out of control .
They will not stop unless they ’re reigned in .
But as long as you ’ve got an economic system that encourages this kind of greed , that legalizes the greed , then you ’re going to see not only this , you ’re going to see other things happening in the future .
And you know what — if Goldman Sachs is so poor , you know maybe people should just — maybe everybody watching should just take a few pennies and drop them in an envelope and send them to them at 85 Broad Street , NY , NY today if they ’re really hurting that bad .
WASHINGTON — Is President Obama in trouble with his late - night comedy base ?
It ’s likely he has n’t noticed or does n’t care .
He is , after all , in the midst of his oft - invoked “ full plate ” of supposedly “ defining moments ” in his presidency  a “ defining ” decision on Afghanistan , “ defining ” legislative battle on health care , among other “ defining ” things .
But there is perhaps another more subtle set of " defining ” episodes playing out for Mr. Obama in the televised comedy salons that had previously , by and large , been relatively gentle spaces for him .
The bits about him are getting harsher .
They are no longer just gentle gibes about
Bo the dog , big ears , bad bowling and beer summits .
A conspicuous ( if not “ defining ” ) episode occurred Oct. 3 on Saturday Night Live in a skit set in the Oval Office .
The president ( played by Fred Armisen ) was defending his record against critics who had accused him of turning the United States “ into something that resembles the Soviet Union or Nazi Germany . ”
Not so , protested the faux - Bama .
“ When you look at my record , it ’s very clear what I ’ve done so far , ” he said .
“ And that is nothing . ”
As we look for ways to avoid future economic problems , Psychology Professor Marc Hauser says we should acknowledge the impulsive , aggressive inner chimpanzee that got us into this mess , but mirror our patient , altruistic inner bonobo to avoid a repeat .
Hauser , who spoke before an audience in the Geological Lecture Hall Thursday ( Oct. 8 ) evening , spent an hour dispelling myths about human emotional and economic superiority over our ape cousins , and discussed experiments with human children designed to test capacity for patience and altruism .
The picture that science reveals is how , contrary to prevailing wisdom , we ’re not so different from apes in key respects .
Hauser , whose talk was sponsored by the Harvard Museum of Natural History , punctured two main assumptions , long held despite a lack of scientific underpinning .
The first is that apes are more like other animals than humans in their ability to be patient for a reward , and the second is that the considerable human capacity to wait for a reward — illustrated in experiments involving money — is stable in different contexts .
For most animals , research has shown that even a few seconds ’ delay in receiving a reward is too long for them to maintain interest .
Recent research conducted on two closely related apes — chimps and bonobos — showed they ’re more like humans than other animals in this regard , however .
Both exhibited an ability to wait in an experiment that rewarded two pieces of food immediately or six if they held off , with bonobos waiting an average of a minute and chimps twice that long .
Hauser said that makes sense when considering the differing characteristics of the two species .
Chimpanzees are tool - users and hunters , requiring greater patience for each , while bonobos feed on abundant resources on the forest floor .
When a similar experiment is conducted on humans and chimpanzees , the surprising results are humbling .
Ninety percent of chimpanzees waited two minutes in order to receive a greater reward , showing a patience exhibited by only 20 percent of humans .
Both humans and chimpanzees had fasted for several hours and were faced with a favorite treat .
For the humans it was two M&M ’s now or six later .
Similar experiments conducted by Harvard economist David Laibson , Goldman Professor of Economics , using juice instead of candy , showed similar results , Hauser said .
Together , Hauser said , the experiments show , first , that apes are not more like other animals than humans in these capacities and , second , that humans behave differently when faced with a currency — a representation of a desired object like food — or the object itself .
Hauser said bonobos are also more risk - averse than their chimp cousins .
He described an experiment where treats were provided in two bowls .
One bowl , which was consistently the same shape and color , always had four pieces of food .
The second bowl sometimes had one piece of food and sometimes seven .
Most of the bonobos , roughly three - quarters , picked the safe choice , while fewer than half of the chimps did .
The finding that primates treat currency differently from the real item was illustrated in another experiment , conducted on animals trained to recognize numbers .
In the first trial , they were presented with two plates , one with two bits of food and one with four .
In the experiment , the animals pointing to the plate with the lesser amount of food got the one with the greater amount .
Over numerous trials , Hauser said , the animals never pointed to the smaller one .
When cards with the numbers two and four are placed on top , however , they understood and began pointing to two to get four .
When the cards were removed , however , they were back to pointing to the bigger plate and getting nothing .
Experiments involving human children have shown that the ability to wait for a delayed reward not only varies by individual , but that the responses are indicators of future behavior .
Children who showed the greatest capacity to refrain from eating a single cookie in exchange for five reported years later higher SAT scores and greater marital stability .
Other experiments showed that children will deny themselves a reward if , when paired with another child , the rewards for them and others are not equal .
While Hauser ’s talk highlighted ways that humans and apes may be similar in some characteristics , that does n’t mean humans are n’t unique in many ways .
Animal intelligence , he said , is like a “ laser beam , ” where animals are able to focus on a problem important to their survival and solve it .
Humans , on the other hand , have intelligence more like a floodlight , where mental capacities originally evolved for other purposes can be pulled into consideration of a variety of problems .
In applying the results of recent research to the economic crisis , Hauser said , we need to acknowledge that at heart we ’re like chimpanzees , risk - prone and violent against outsiders .
He said we need to nurture the risk - averse inner bonobo , keep in mind the illusion of currency , which makes us look more patient than we really are , recognize inequality , and fight for justice .
If you use the broadest measure of unemployment ( U - 6 ) there are 10.9 unemployed workers per job opening in America .
That ’s ugly :
Anecdotal evidence – GE recently got 10,000 applications when they posted 90 factory jobs paying $ 13/hr .
In the latest sign of weakness in Louisville - area employment , about 10,000 people applied over three days for 90 jobs building washing machines at General Electric for about $ 27,000 per year and hefty benefits .
Full article here
Chart via Econompic , data from BLS .
In the comic book Turnbull , known as “ the man with the eagle - topped cane , ” had the same origin , later being revealed as the father of Jonah Hex ’s friend Jeb .
Malkovich ’s description should send a lot of hope to Hex readers who may have been real worried about the character ’s adaptation to the big screen .
Malkovich sounded optimistic about the movie ( good for him ) and credited Brolin for convincing him to come aboard , citing the movie ’s hero and director as the two reasons he signed on to do Jonah Hex .
Well I 'm really glad to hear that Quentin Turnbull ’s origin story will be similar to his comic book background and this western will be something nobody has ever seen before .
Its a good time to be DC ! ; )
LOS ANGELES  California ’s unemployment rate in August hit its highest point in nearly 70 years , starkly underscoring how the nation ’s incipient economic recovery continues to elude millions of Americans looking for work .
While job losses continue to fall , the state ’s new unemployment rate  12.2 percent , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics  is far above the national average of 9.7 percent and places California , the nation ’s most - populous state , fourth behind Michigan , Nevada and Rhode Island .
Statistics kept by the state show California ’s unemployment rate was 14.7 percent in 1940 , said Kevin Callori , a spokesman for the California Employment Development Department .
While California has convulsed under the same blows as the rest of the country over the last two years , its exposure to both the foreclosure crisis and the slowdown in construction  an industry that has fueled growth in much of the state over the last decade  has been outsized .
Total building levels in California have fallen to $ 23 billion this year from $ 63 billion in 2005 ; home building this year is less than a quarter of what it was in 2005 , according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy .
Roughly 500,000 of the state ’s job losses have been in construction , finance , real estate and industries related to construction .
“ We were at the epicenter of the housing bubble , and we are at the epicenter of the fallout , ” said Stephen Levy , senior economist and director of the center .
“ The reason we are doing worse in California than other states is construction . ”
This just pulled up in front of my office at the Herald - Journal .
The Camera Van , created by Harrod Blank , has over 2,000 cameras , four working monitors and even has six functioning Canon EOS cameras wired via remote cables to a shutter button panel on the dashboard .
To the average passerby , this van is weird , but to a photographer and collector of antique cameras , this van is awesome .
Unfortunately , I had to get back to work or else I could have spent all afternoon talking to Harrod and exploring the features of the van .
However , I was able to hand him $ 20 for his book of Art Cars and snap a couple pics with my Blackberry .
Check out his website www.cameravan.com.
He will be showing his documentary film about Art Cars at the Chapman Cultural Center on Wednesday .
Children as young as six months old will be tested in the study Scientists are looking for children as young as six months old to try out two new swine flu vaccines .
Five laboratories across the country will be testing 1,000 youngsters - from six months to 12 years of age - to see which vaccine works best .
The study will focus on Southampton , Oxford , London , Bristol and Devon and will monitor their immune reactions , and any fever or muscle soreness .
The vaccines have already been tested in adults - and showed good results .
Vaccinations for high risk groups could be starting as early as next month .
Children are one of the age groups most vulnerable to swine flu infection
Dr Saul Faust
The work is a collaboration between the University of Southampton Wellcome Trust Clinical Research Facility , the University of Oxford , the University of Bristol , St George 's Medical School at University of London , the Royal Devon and Exeter NHS Trust and the Health Protection Agency .
The laboratories , led by the Oxford team , hope to start testing the children within two weeks .
The study in Southampton , which will test 250 children , is being led by Dr Saul Faust , senior lecturer in child health at the University of Southampton and honorary consultant at Southampton University Hospitals NHS Trust .
He said : " Children are one of the age groups most vulnerable to swine flu infection , so it is vital that we obtain information on their response to these vaccines .
" This study will help in decisions about which vaccine will be best for protecting children . "
Millions of doses of the two swine flu vaccines have been purchased for use across the UK by the Department of Health to " control the expected outbreak this autumn , but information about their use in children is limited " , a University of Southampton spokesperson said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Most people know Wallace and Gromit from their successful feature length film , The Curse of the Were - Rabbit .
However , animator Nick Park has been working with these two characters for 20 years now .
In celebration of that 20th Anniversary , Lionsgate is releasing a new Blu - Ray set , and the latest animated short :
Wallace & Gromit™ : A Matter of Loaf and Death
A “ toast ” to the return of the British icons Wallace & Gromit™ !
Rolling out their first half hour adventure since 2005 , the hilarious duo is back , brought to life through seamless stop-motion animation and brilliant storytelling from Oscar - winner Nick Park .
The highly anticipated Wallace & Gromit ™ : A Matter of Loaf and Death arrived on DVD Tuesday , September 22 , 2009 from Lionsgate and HIT Entertainment .
Winner of the Short Animation 2008 British Academy Film Award , this all new adventure features all of the classic ingredients of a great murder mystery – suspicion , rivalry , love , intrigue and heroism – and is topped off with a large helping of loyalty and friendship , cooking up all you “ knead ” for fun family viewing !
Wallace & Gromit™ : The Complete Collection
They ’ve been to the moon , foiled a major diamond heist , broken up a sheep rustling scam and even baked bread in their own bakery .
And now , for the first time , fans of the much loved British icons – Wallace and Gromit can enjoy The Complete Collection of multi-award winning short films on a stunning Blu-ray DVD from Lionsgate and HIT Entertainment .
Created and directed by Nick Park , Wallace & Gromit : The Complete Collection includes all four of their award - winning films : A Grand Day Out ( Academy Award® Nominee ) , The Wrong Trousers ( Academy Award® Winner ) , A Close Shave ( Academy Award® Winner ) and their latest title , A Matter of Loaf and Death ( 2008 British Academy Film Award winner ) — their first animation since 2005 .
To celebrate the release , Gunaxin has a copy of each to give away to two lucky readers .
Here is how you can enter to win :
" We are saddened by the necessity to file a counterclaim today against Carrie Prejean , " pageant codirector Keith Lewis said in a statement Monday .
" We are continuing to prepare for our upcoming telecast of the Miss California USA pageant on November 22 , but the integrity of the Miss California USA organization and the values it represents requires us to respond and present the truth .
Our claim is not about financial reward , and all profits awarded will be donated to a charity that promotes the values of our organization . "
Miss Universe Organization honcho Donald Trump relieved her of her Miss California title in June , saying she had violated her contract by being too controversial making appearances as the Crowned One without pageant officials ' permission .
Hogwash , she said .
Prejean sued K2 Productions , Lewis , his former codirector Shanna Moakler ( who resigned her post amid all the hubbub earlier this year ) , and pageant publicist Roger Neal for slander , libel , religious discrimination , public disclosure of private facts and infliction of emotional distress for supposedly using her as a scapegoat for any negative attention they may have received over the antigay marriage position she took before she was named runner - up at this year 's Miss USA pageant .
Those " private facts , " however , referred solely to her boob job , according to the countersuit , which is seeking to have that portion of Prejean 's lawsuit dismissed .
" The alleged ' private facts ' consist of her breast augmentation ( which ceased being private during the swimsuit competition of the nationally televised Miss USA pageant , in which Ms. Prejean walked the stage in a bikini ) , " the suit states .
What a low , albeit bouncy , blow .
Honduras could lose $ 200 m as a result of the US decision The US has halted all non-humanitarian aid to Honduras - about $ 30 m ( £ 18.4 m ) - in the wake of June 's coup .
The State Department said the US needed to take strong action given the failure of the replacement regime to restore " democratic , constitutional rule " .
Left - leaning President Manuel Zelaya was ousted from power and forced to leave the country on 28 June .
The US aid decision came as he met Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Washington .
" With this decision of the United States , the countries of the Americas have formed a single bloc in condemning the coup , " Mr Zelaya was quoted as saying by the AFP news agency .
A government has been installed in Honduras under interim leader Roberto Micheletti , who has refused to allow Mr Zelaya back into Honduras .
' Strong measures '
The US said it would not , at this stage , recognise elections scheduled for November as legitimate .
ANALYSIS Stephen Gibbs , BBC News , Honduras Much of the money was to be spent on rebuilding a main road across the country , something which the embattled leadership can presumably do without .
The measure which the US could take , but appears not to be contemplating , is a full trade embargo - 70 % of the Honduran GDP depends on trade with the US .
Without that , it would appear unlikely the country could operate for more than a few weeks .
But instead , the stalemate continues .
Honduras is , just about , surviving its worldwide diplomatic isolation .
Businesses remain open , as are borders and airports .
The government wants to give the impression both to its population and the outside world that everything is continuing as normal .
A State Department spokesman said : " There 's a sense that the de facto regime was thinking if we can just get to an election that this will absolve them of all their sins .
" That is not the case . "
The terminated aid included $ 9.4 m from the Agency for International Development , $ 8.96 m from the State Department and $ 1.7 m in security assistance .
About $ 11 m from the US Millennium Challenge Corporation , given to countries with a track record of sound governance and economic policy , would also be cut .
The US said " strong measures " were needed because the government had yet to adopt the San Jose Accord , a plan brokered by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias , which - if agreed - would return Mr Zelaya to a limited form of power until elections scheduled for November .
The US aid decision was described as " not very friendly " by Honduran officials , AFP reported .
" We regret that a friendly government of a friendly country and people would take the decision to side with [ Hugo ] Chavez , " said the head of Honduran cabinet , Rafael Pineda Ponce , referring to the president of Venezuela .
Mr Chavez , Latin America 's most prominent leftist leader and no friend of the US , has sought to isolate Honduras since Mr Zelaya 's ouster .
However , the suspension of US aid to Honduras does not mean the US believes that Mr Zelaya 's removal officially meets the legal definition of a military coup d'etat , officials said .
In a statement , the State Department said it recognised the " complicated nature " of the events leading to Mr Zelaya 's removal , which included constitutional disputed in the Honduran courts .
Meanwhile , Brazil has suspended visa - free travel for all Hondurans in response to the coup .
By blocking new visas for Hondurans , Brazil hopes " to promote the immediate restoration of President Jose Manuel Zelaya to the functions to which the Honduran people elected him , " the country 's foreign ministry said in a statement .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
#include < stdlib.h > # include < stdio.h > # include < string.h > # include < time .h > struct State { int result ; /*
Stores the result : 0 is in progress , 1 is X Win , 2 is 0 Win , 3 is Cats Game */ int turn ; /*
Stores the number of turns since the current state .
*/ char currentPlayer ; /*
Stores the piece of the player whos turn it is .
*/ char board [ 3 ] [ 3 ] ; /* Stores information about the board .
*/ } ; void setupNextState ( struct State * , struct State * ) ; void initializeState ( struct State * ) ; void initializeBoard ( struct State * ) ; void drawBoard ( struct State * ) ; void placeRandomPiece ( struct State * ) ; char checkForWinner ( struct State * state ) ; void clearScreen ( ) ; /* TaccyAI : A Tic - Tac - Toe AI Engine */ void TaccyRandomPiece ( struct State * ) ; void TaccyMakeMove ( struct State * ) ; short TaccyStopMakeWin ( struct State * , char ) ; short TaccyBlockCorner ( struct State * ) ; int main ( void ) { struct State state [ 10 ] ; /*
The current state of our game .
*/ int x = - 1 , y = - 1 ; /*
Used for holding input of user / coordinates */ short validCoordinates = 0 ; /*
Used for looping until user enters valid coordinates .
*/ short currentState = 0 ; /*
Holds the current state we 're in */ char winner = ' ' ; /*
Holds value of winner if applicable */ srand ( ( int ) time ( 0 ) ) ; /* Seed RNG */ initializeState ( & state [ currentState ] ) ; printf ( " You are about to play against the TaccyAI , Tic - Tac - Toe Bot .
" ) ; printf ( " Try not to get too frustrated , but he never loses .
" ) ; printf ( " The best you can hope for is a cat 's game .
" ) ; printf ( " Good luck and have fun !
" ) ; printf ( " Programmed by Joseph ' Ninwa ' Bleau
" ) ; printf ( " ( PS : I am not responsible for keyboards broken out of furstration . )
" ) ; system ( " pause " ) ; while ( state [ currentState ]. turn != 10 && state [ currentState ]. result == 0 ) { clearScreen ( ) ; drawBoard ( & state [ currentState ] ) ; if ( state [ currentState ]. turn % 2 == 0 ) { state [ currentState ] .
currentPlayer = ' O ' ; validCoordinates = 0 ; /* Reset checker .
*/ while ( validCoordinates == 0 ) { printf ( " Enter coordinates to place your mark ( e.g 0,1 ) : " ) ; scanf ( " %i , %i " , & y , & x ) ; /*
Check range on coordinates */ if ( x < 3 && x >= 0 && y < 3 && y >= 0 ) { /*
Check that a piece is not already there .
*/ if ( state [ currentState ]. board [ y ] [ x ] == ' ' ) {
/*
Everything checks out , place our piece .
*/ validCoordinates = 1 ; state [ currentState ]. board [ y ] [ x ] = ' O ' ; } else printf ( "
Those were invalid coordinates , try again !
" ) ; } else { printf ( "
Those were invalid coordinates , try again !
" ) ; fflush ( stdin ) ; } } } else { /* CPU 's Turn ( TaccyAI ) */ state [ currentState ] .
currentPlayer = ' X ' ; TaccyMakeMove ( & state [ currentState ] ) ; } if ( state [ currentState ]. turn > 4 ) { /* Assess Board , is there a winner ?
*/ winner = checkForWinner ( & state [ currentState ] ) ; if ( winner != ' ' ) { clearScreen ( ) ; if ( winner == ' X ' ) state [ currentState ]. result = 1 ; else if ( winner == ' O ' ) state [ currentState ]. result = 2 ; if ( winner != ' C ' ) printf ( " There was a winner !
Congratulations player ' %c '
" , winner ) ; else { printf ( " I guess there was a cats game !
Oh well , nice try both of you ! :)
" ) ; state [ currentState ]. result = 3 ; } printf ( " Final board :
" ) ; drawBoard ( & state [ currentState ] ) ; continue ; } } setupNextState ( & state [ currentState ] , & state [ currentState + 1 ] ) ; currentState ++ ; } return 0 ; } void TaccyRandomPiece ( struct State * state ) { short piecePlaced = 0 ; int y , x ; while ( piecePlaced == 0 ) { x = rand ( ) % 3 ; y = rand ( ) % 3 ; if ( state -> board [ y ] [ x ] == ' ' ) { piecePlaced = 1 ; state -> board [ y ] [ x ] = ' X ' ; } } } short TaccyBlockCorner ( struct State * state ) { //[ x ] [ ] //[ ] [ ] if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ 0 ] == ' X ' ) { if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ 2 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 0 ] [ 2 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } if ( state -> board [ 2 ] [ 0 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 2 ] [ 0 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } } //[ ] [ x ]
//[ ] [ ] if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ 2 ] == ' X ' ) { if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ 0 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 0 ] [ 0 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } if ( state -> board [ 2 ] [ 2 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 2 ] [ 2 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } } //[ ] [ ] //[ ] [ x ] if ( state -> board [ 2 ] [ 2 ] == ' X ' ) { if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ 2 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 0 ] [ 2 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } if ( state -> board [ 2 ] [ 0 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 2 ] [ 0 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } } //[ ] [ ] //[ x ] [ ] if ( state -> board [ 2 ] [ 0 ] == ' X ' ) { if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ 0 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 0 ] [ 0 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } if ( state -> board [ 2 ] [ 2 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 2 ] [ 2 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } } if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ 2 ] == ' X ' && state -> board [ 0 ] [ 0 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 0 ] [ 0 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ 0 ] == ' O ' && state -> board [ 2 ] [ 2 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 2 ] [ 2 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ 2 ] == ' O ' && state -> board [ 2 ] [ 0 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 2 ] [ 0 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } if ( state -> board [ 2 ] [ 2 ] == ' O ' && state -> board [ 0 ] [ 0 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 0 ] [ 0 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } if ( state -> board [ 2 ] [ 0 ] == ' O ' && state -> board [ 0 ] [ 2 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 0 ] [ 2 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } return 0 ; } short TaccyStopMakeWin ( struct State * state , char check_for ) { int i , j ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 3 ; i ++ ) { for ( j = 0 ; j < 3 ; j ++ ) { if ( state -> board [ i ] [ j ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ i ] [ j ] = check_for ; if ( checkForWinner ( state ) == check_for ) { state -> board [ i ] [ j ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } else { state -> board [ i ] [ j ] = ' ' ; } } } } return 0 ; } short TaccyCheckEnemyCorners ( struct State * state ) { int counter =
0 ; if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ 0 ] == ' O ' ) counter ++ ; if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ 2 ] == ' O ' ) counter ++ ; if ( state -> board [ 2 ] [ 2 ] == ' O ' ) counter ++ ; if ( state -> board [ 2 ] [ 0 ] == ' O ' ) counter ++ ; if ( counter > 1 ) { if ( state -> board [ 1 ] [ 0 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 1 ] [ 0 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } if ( state -> board [ 2 ] [ 1 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 2 ] [ 1 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } if ( state -> board [ 1 ] [ 2 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 1 ] [ 2 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ 1 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 0 ] [ 1 ] = ' X ' ; return 1 ; } } return 0 ; } void TaccyMakeMove ( struct State * state ) { /*
Easter egg .
One out of approximately every fifty game the computer cheats and fills out the entire board .
:o ) */ int r = rand ( ) % 50 ; int i , j ; if ( r == 7 ) /* 7 is my favorite number :) */ { for ( i = 0 ; i < 3 ; i ++ ) { for ( j = 0 ; j < 3 ; j ++ ) { if ( state -> board [ i ] [ j ] != ' O ' ) state -> board [ i ] [ j ] = ' X ' ; } } return ; } if ( state -> turn < 2 && state -> board [ 1 ] [ 1 ] == ' O ' ) { state -> board [ 2 ] [ 2 ] = ' X ' ; return ; } if ( TaccyStopMakeWin ( state , ' X ' ) == 1 ) return ; if ( TaccyStopMakeWin ( state , ' O ' ) == 1 ) return ; if ( state -> board [ 1 ] [ 1 ] == ' ' ) { state -> board [ 1 ] [ 1 ] = ' X ' ; return ; } if ( state -> board [ 1 ] [ 1 ] == ' X ' ) if ( TaccyCheckEnemyCorners ( state ) == 1 ) return ; if ( TaccyBlockCorner ( state ) == 1 ) return ; /*
Realistically , this should n't happen .
*/ TaccyRandomPiece ( state ) ; } void setupNextState ( struct State * s1 , struct State * s2 ) { int i , j ; s2 -> turn = s1 -> turn + 1 ; s2 -> result = s1 -> result ; if ( s1 -> currentPlayer == ' X ' ) s2 -> currentPlayer = ' O ' ; else s2 -> currentPlayer = ' X ' ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 3 ; i ++ ) for ( j = 0 ; j < 3 ; j ++ ) s2 -> board [ i ] [ j ] = s1 -> board [ i ] [ j ] ; } void initializeState ( struct State * state ) { state -> turn = 0 ; state -> currentPlayer = ' X ' ; state -> result = 0 ; initializeBoard ( state ) ; } void initializeBoard ( struct State * state ) { int i , j ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 3 ; i ++ ) { for ( j = 0 ; j < 3 ; j ++ ) { state -> board [ i ] [ j ] = ' ' ; } } } /*
Checks the board within the state for a winner .
/* Return Values : /* ' \ 0 ' - No Winner /* ' 0 ' - Player ( ' O ' ) is the winner /* ' X ' - CPU ( ' X ' ) is the winner */ char checkForWinner ( struct State * state ) { int i , j ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 3 ; i ++ ) { if ( state -> board [ i ] [ 0 ] != ' ' ) { if ( state -> board [ i ] [ 0 ] == state -> board [ i ] [ 1 ] && state -> board [ i ] [ 1 ] == state -> board [ i ] [ 2 ] ) return state -> board [ i ] [ 0 ] ; } if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ i ] != ' ' ) { if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ i ] == state -> board [ 1 ] [ i ] && state -> board [ 1 ] [ i ] == state -> board [ 2 ] [ i ] ) return state -> board [ 0 ] [ i ] ; } } for ( i = 0 , j = 2 ; i <= 2 ; i += 2 , j -= 2 ) { if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ i ] != ' ' ) { if ( state -> board [ 0 ] [ i ] == state -> board [ 1 ] [ 1 ] && state -> board [ 1 ] [ 1 ] == state -> board [ 2 ] [ j ] ) return state -> board [ 0 ] [ i ] ; } } /*
Check to see if all positions are filled with no win , aka cats - game .
*/ for ( i = 0 ; i < 3 ; i ++ ) for ( j = 0 ; j < 3 ; j ++ ) { if ( state -> board [ i ] [ j ] == ' ' ) return ' ' ; } return ' C ' ; } void drawBoard ( struct State * state ) { int i , j ; printf ( " | 0 | 1 | 2 |
" ) ; printf ( " +-----------+
" ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 3 ; i ++ ) { for ( j = 0 ; j < 3 ; j ++ ) { if ( j == 0 ) printf ( " %i " , i ) ; printf ( " | %c " , state -> board [ j ] [ i ] ) ; } printf ( " |
" ) ; } printf ( " +-----------+
" ) ; } void clearScreen ( ) { /*
Stupid utility function to clear the screen by printing 80 newlines .
*/ int i ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 80 ; i ++ ) printf ( "
" ) ; }
This was the case for Mr Rouanet , who had moved two months previously from a back - office job at Orange to a " reactive " call - centre where he had to field customer complaints but also try to charm them into buying new services .
" Every night he would say : ' I ca n't go on , it 's not for me , ' " said his colleague , Danièle Rochet .
" It 's not easy to become a salesman , to cope with the pressure of targets . "
North Korea has failed to cope with the food shortage situation over the Summer .
The solution was supposed to be the " 150 Day Battle " program , that put hundreds of thousands of urban people on the farms , in a vain attempt to save the harvest .
It failed .
Factories and construction projects are still stalled because of a lack of components , raw materials or building materials .
So the government has declared a " 100 Day Battle , " and told the urban " volunteers " to just stay on the farms ( where they can more effectively scrounge for food , and not disturb the people remaining in the cities , with the sight of more starving people . )
However , farmers provide little food for these " volunteers " .
These two " battles " are also an attempt to cripple the markets , which became legal in the last decade , but are but are now feared by the leadership because the system has produced millions of wealthier and more savvy citizens who are seen as a threat to communist rule .
Overall , the " battles " annoyed most people , and were counterproductive .
Both China and North Korea fear American influence and power , and independent minded people who have become wealthier because of market economies .
But the Chinese also make no secret of their fear of a collapse of the North Korean government , and subsequent chaos .
With the North Korean economy continuing to crumble , the Chinese doubt the ability of the North Korean government to keep things under control .
North Korea has , for most of the year , been deliberately irritating South Korea .
Despite the looming famine in the north , North Korea is mostly obsessed with imaginary foreign plots to undermine communist rule in the north .
They refuse to believe that the biggest danger to communist rule is their own disastrous decision making .
This drives China and South Korea mad , especially when they find they can't even get the northern politicians to even admit that they have some leadership problems .
But the food shortage problems are real , and now North Korea is offering South Korea more reunions of families separated by the Korean War ( 1950 - 3 ) , but only if South Korea supplies lots of free food .
South Korea is holding out for concessions on nuclear weapons .
Among the North Korean people , there is great fear about food shortages this Winter .
Crops this year were very had , about half what they normally would be .
But communist officials try to soothe everyone with promises that , by January , the U.S. will have caved and shipped in large supplies of free food .
Apparently , northerners have taken South Korea and Japan at their word , that no free food will arrive unless the nuclear weapons are dismantled .
But America is seen as weak , and likely to give in and supply food to the starving North Koreans .
Russia and Vietnam have shipped in some free food , but shortages are growing .
It 's believed that North Korea needs about a million tons of food ( mainly rice and wheat ) to make up for shortages this year .
Normally , food would be cheaper in the markets this time of year , because of the recent harvest .
But instead , prices have gone up eight percent .
Even members of key government agencies are not getting the usual amounts of food , and are going hungry .
In the cities , the effects of the growing hunger can be seen .
People move more slowly and listlessly .
Facial expressions are blank , or desperate .
There is great fear upon the land .
North Korea is now demanding one - on - one talks with the U.S. , before it will do any negotiating about its nuclear program .
Talks with the U.S. might cover North Korean nukes , but only in return for a lot of economic aid , and the withdrawal of American forces from South Korea .
But South Korea and Japan are fed up with over a decade of North Korean extortion and are no longer willing to provide free food to North Korea unless the nuclear weapons program is shut down .
North Korea refuses to consider this .
China has convinced North Korea to allow another bridge , costing $ 150 million , across the Yalu river ( that forms their border ) .
North Korea had resisted this offer for years , as they saw the bridge as a military threat , being that it would enable China to move troops into North Korea more quickly .
The fear of a Chinese takeover is real in North Korea , and has been for decades .
But China is North Korea 's biggest trading partner ( annual trade is nearing $ 3 billion a year ) and ultimate source of essential food and fuel supplies ( some free , some must be paid for ) .
North Korea wants China to provide the same kind of mutual security treaty that the U.S. and South Korea have .
China has resisted this request , because it feared getting dragged into a war by the unpredictable leadership of the north .
China , however , continues to taunt North Korea with the possibility of such a treaty .
North Korean leaders remain nervous about China , especially the growing number of Chinese who live in North Korea to deal with the growing trade .
There are over 10,000 of these Chinese , and North Korea police are watching , and often harassing , them more intensely .
South Korean intelligence believes that North Korea has closed four of its ten labor camps in the last decade , and reduced the number of prisoners from 200,000 to 154,000 .
Those sent to these camps work ten or more hours a day on a starvation diet .
If you are captured trying to escape , you are executed in front of your fellow inmates .
More than ten percent of the prisoners die before finishing their sentence .
Those that survive come out starved and terrified .
The existence of the camps is a major element in the atmosphere of terror the communists maintain up north .
The leadership in the north still agree that leader Kim Jong
Il is dying , and that his successor will be the youngest son , 26 year old Kim Jong Un. Apparently Kim Jong
Un is seen as a quick learner who will be ready to take over in three years .
If Kim Jong
Il does not last that long , there is agreement to have a temporary council rule , until Kin Jong Un has demonstrated his ability to handle things .
That 's assuming there 's anything left to run .
Some senior officials are making escape plans , gathering portable wealth and cultivating connections in China that would be useful for a getaway .
There is a growing consensus that Kim Jong
Il will be gone within three years , and that after that , chaos .
Kim Jong
Un is very similar to his father , and spends a lot of time trying to convince the senior leaders that the future is secure .
Kim Jong
Un currently has a third level management job in the Communist Party leadership .
October 15 , 2009 : A retired South Korean air force general has been arrested and charged with espionage .
The general was accused with providing information to a Swedish aircraft company that is trying to sell warplanes to South Korea .
October 14 , 2009 : South Korea decided to build six smaller warships equipped with the Aegis combat system ( high performance radar and SM - 3 anti-missile missiles ) .
South Korea is already building Aegis equipped warships .
These 7,600 ton KDX III ships are similar to American Aegis destroyers of the same size .
But the six new South Korean Aegis ships will be cheaper , 4,500 ton ships .
There 's no problem putting Aegis into smaller warships , it 's just that it 's rarely done .
But South Korea sees this as a good investment in naval , and anti-missile , capability .
October 13 , 2009 : North Korea fired five more short range missiles .
This puzzled many foreign pundits , but if you look at the years when North Korea acquired many of these missiles , you 'll note that many of them are " aging out " ( becoming too old to be reliable . )
The solid fuel of these missiles degrades with age .
You can replace the rocket motor in these older missiles , but North Korea is broke and it's cheaper to fire the older missiles to get media attention , than it is to replace the rocket motors ( and other components as well ) , or just leave the older missiles to rot .
October 4 , 2009 : Another North Korean ship was caught anchoring illegally off the Indian coast .
Coast Guard officials inspected the ship , which was empty , and found nothing .
The captain said they dropped anchor to search for a leak , and apologized for not notifying the Indian coast guard .
In South Korea , another North Korean small boat , with 11 civilians aboard , made its way from the north to the south .
As some North Koreans become wealthier via the markets , they can afford to buy small ( 7 meter or so ) , boats that coastal radar have a hard time spotting , and equip them with outboard motors ( that can take them hundreds of kilometers out to sea ) and escape capture by the coast guard ( which intensely patrols coastal border areas up to about 20 kilometers out . )
Sitting in a parked , black BMW sedan at a hilltop hotel here , with aides thrusting papers at her , Mrs. Clinton worked two cellphones at once as she tried to resolve differences between the Armenian foreign minister , Eduard Nalbandian , and his Turkish counterpart , Ahmet Davutoglu .
Mrs. Clinton continued her efforts inside with Mr. Nalbandian and then gave him a ride to the University of Zurich , where the ceremony was to be held .
By her own account , she did most of the talking on the brief trip  appealing to him not to let months of talks go up in smoke .
“ There were several times I said to all the parties involved , ‘ This is too important , this has to be seen through , we have come too far , ’ ” she recalled .
Mrs. Clinton declined to describe the differences between the two sides .
Shortly after 8 p.m. , three hours late , the two men sat down to sign the agreements , though in a compromise worked out beforehand , neither delivered a statement .
The agreement must now be ratified by the Parliaments of both countries , by no means a sure thing .
“ We recognize how hard it is , and what courage it takes to move forward in the face of very strong opposition in both countries , ” Mrs. Clinton said .
Average of 4.75 out of 5 stars
[ Haskell - cafe ] [ ANNOUNCE ]
A statistics library
I 'm pleased to announce a new Haskell statistics library , imaginatively named statistics < http://hackage.haskell.org/package/statistics>:
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/statistics
-
Support for common discrete and continuous probability distributions ( binomial , gamma , exponential , geometric , hypergeometric , normal , and Poisson ) - Kernel density estimation - Autocorrelation analysis - Functions over sample data - Quantile estimation - Resampling techniques : jackknife and bootstrap estimation
The statistics library certainly is n't yet comprehensive , but it has some features that I think make it very attractive as a base for further work : - It 's very fast , building on some of the fantastic software that 's available on Hackage these days .
I make heavy use of Don Stewart 's uvector library < http://hackage.haskell.org/package/uvector>
( itself a port of Roman Leshchinskiy 's vector library ) , which means that many functions allocate no memory and execute tight loops using only machine registers .
I use Dan Doel 's uvector - algorithms library < http://hackage.haskell.org/package/uvector-algorithms>to perform fast partial sorts .
I also use Don 's mersenne - random library < http://hackage.haskell.org/package/mersenne-random> for fast random number generation when doing bootstrap analysis .
- I 've put a fair amount of effort into finding and using algorithms that are numerically stable ( trying to avoid problems like catastrophic cancellation ) .
Whenever possible , I indicate which methods are used in the documentation .
( For more information on numerical stability , see What Every Scientist Should Know About Floating - Point Arithmetic < http://docs.sun.com/app/docs/doc/800-7895> ) .
If you want to contribute , please get the source code and hack away : darcs get http://darcs.serpentine.com/statistics
For more details , see http://bit.ly/ykOeK
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20090912/b79c81e0/attachment.html
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
When considering the plots of comedy movies , fellow Cracked columnist and comedy professor at Internet University Seanbaby advocates a policy of " Defending the Movie to Aliens , " whereby the ridiculously shitty nature of the movie is deconstructed and revealed in the process of having to explain it to an outsider .
Similarly , when looking at the state of current events , I like to employ the " What Would this Look Like in a History Text Book ? " method ( because I 'm nerdier than the rest of the Cracked staff in just about every conceivable way ) .
Consider your high school history text ( see ? ) and imagine where today 's events would fit in .
In the future , when my bastard children are reading about what life was like in their alleged father 's time , what are they going to see ?
Take right now , for example , where there are hundreds of news articles dedicated to who tweeted about what the president said about Kanye West ( who , I 'd like to point out , might be retarded ) .
How 's that going to look in a history book ?
It helps to do this sometimes , to say , " Hey , people just might be reading about this 40 years down the line , and what we do today might be used as barometer that determines what kind of people we were .
So let 's try not to be such assholes . "
Editor 's note :
The following is an excerpt from Chuck Klosterman 's new book , " Eating the Dinosaur , " copyright 2009 by Chuck Klosterman .
Reprinted by permission of Scribner , a Division of Simon & Schuster , Inc .
1 . As I type this sentence , I 'm watching the Michigan Wolverines play the Minnesota Golden Gophers in football .
Michigan is bad this year and the Gophers are better than expected , but Michigan is winning easily .
They 're winning by running the same play over and over and over again .
Very often , it seems to be the only effective play they have .
It has certain similarities to the single - wing offenses from the 1950s , but the application is new and different .
It 's called the read option .
As of this moment in 2008 , the read option is by far the most pervasive offensive play in college football and an increasingly popular gadget play in pro football , especially for the Miami Dolphins ( who run it by moving quarterback Chad Pennington to wide receiver and using running back Ronnie Brown at QB , a formation commonly called the Wildcat ) .
If somebody makes a movie about American life a hundred years from now and wants to show a fictionalized image of what football looked like , this is the play they should try to cinematically replicate1 .
Every week of autumn , I watch between nine and fifteen hours of football ; depending on who 's playing , I probably see this play eighty to a hundred and fifty times a weekend .
Michigan has just run it three times in succession .
This play defines the relationship between football and modernity ; it 's What Interesting Football Teams Are Doing Now .
And it 's helped me rethink the relationship between football and conservatism , a premise I had long conceded but never adequately questioned .
2. Okay ...
Let me begin by recognizing that you -- the reader of this book -- might not know much about football .
In fact , you might hate football , and you might be annoyed that it 's even included in this collection .
I 'm guessing at least fifty potential buyers flipped through the pages of this book inside a store , noticed there was a diagram of a football play on page 125 , and decided not to buy it .
This is a problem I have always had to manage : Roughly 60 percent of the people who read my books have a near - expert understanding of sports , but the remaining 40 percent have no interest whatsoever .
As such , I will understand if you skip to the next essay , which is about ABBA .
But before you give up , let me abridge the essence of the previous paragraph :
The aforementioned " read option " is an extremely simple play .
The main fellow for the offense ( this would be the quarterback , whom you might remember as a popular guy from high school who dated lots of girls with bleached hair ) receives the ball deep in the backfield and " reads " the weakside defensive end ( " read " is the football term for " looks at and considers , " while " weakside " refers to whatever side of the field has fewer offensive players ) .
If the defensive player attacks upfield , the quarterback keeps the ball and runs it himself , essentially attacking where the defensive end used to be ( and where a running lane now exists ) .
If the defensive end " stays home " ( which is the football term for " remains cautious and orthodox " ) , there 's usually no running lane for the quarterback , so the QB hands the ball to the running back moving in the opposite direction ( which is generally the strong side ) .
Basically , the read option is just the quarterback making a choice based on the circumstance -- he either runs the ball himself in one direction , or he hands the ball off in the opposing direction .
Now , why should this matter to you ( or anyone ) ?
Here is the simplest answer :
Twenty - five years ago , the read option did n't exist .
Coaches would have given a dozen reasons why it could n't be used .
Ten years ago , it was a play of mild desperation , most often used by teams who could n't compete physically .
But now almost everyone uses it .
It 's the vortex of an offensive scheme that has become dominant .
But ten years from now -- or even less , probably -- this play will have disappeared completely .
In 2018 , no one will run it , because every team will be running something else .
It will have been replaced with new thinking .
And this is football 's interesting contradiction :
It feels like a conservative game .
It appeals to a conservative mind - set and a reactionary media and it promotes conservative values .
But in tangible practicality , football is the most progressive game we have -- it constantly innovates , it immediately embraces every new technology2 , and almost all the important thinking about the game is liberal .
If football was a politician , it would be some kind of reverse libertarian : staunchly conservative on social issues , but freethinking on anything related to policy .
So the current upsurge of the read option is symbolic of something unrelated to the practice of football ; it 's symbolic of the nature of football and how that idea is misinterpreted because of its iconography .
So there you go .
If you 'd still rather get to the s--- about ABBA , you should go there now .
3 . The single most radical aspect of football is something most casual ( and even most serious ) fans take for granted : Football added the forward pass .
It was an extraneous addition to the original game , implemented long after the sport had gained national attention .
There is no corollary for this in any other meaningful spectator sport .
The DH rule in baseball and the three - point line in hoops are negligible when compared to the impact of passing ; it would be like golf suddenly allowing tackling on the putting green .
By now , watching football on television is mostly the act of watching passing -- in 2008 , the NFL 's worst passing team ( the Oakland Raiders ) still gained more yards through the air than all but five teams gained rushing .
At the NCAA level in ' 08 , seven of the starting quarterbacks in the Big 12 Conference completed 65 percent of all the passes they attempted , a rate of success that made running the ball seem almost wasteful .
Passing is what drives the sport and passing is what sells the sport .
But passing only exists because of violence .
Imagine football at the turn of the twentieth century , before passing was part of the game :
How would it look ?
The entire game is contained in the middle of the field , away from the sidelines .
There 's almost no benefit in aligning defensive players away from the ball , because there 's no way for the offense to take advantage of their tight proximity .
Instead of ten yards for a first down , teams only need five .
As a result , every single play is like a goal - line surge during a driving blizzard -- the best strategy is to simply pound the ball straight ahead .
And because this is the nineteenth century ( which means equipment is essentially nonexistent ) , football is a laughably violent undertaking .
It 's nothing but a series of collisions , sporadically interrupted by one or two touchdowns and a whole lot of punting .
In 1905 , eighteen college kids die from playing football .
President Theodore Roosevelt sees a photograph of Swarthmore lineman Bob Maxwell walking off the field after a game against Penn , and he's so utterly pummeled and disgusting that Roosevelt ( despite being a fan ) decides that football needs to be outlawed .
This becomes a hot - button issue for a year .
Finally , Roosevelt decides that football can continue to exist , but only if some of the rules are changed .
One change increases the distance needed for a first down .
Another legalizes passing , which has been going on illegally ( but often unpenalized ) for decades .
Essentially , Roosevelt decriminalizes the passing game .
And this decriminalization actually makes the rules of football easier to comprehend : Previously , it had been unclear how referees were expected to enforce a penalty for forward passing -- there was n't a rule against passing , much as there is n't any rule against making your slotback invisible .
How do you legislate against something no one had previously imagined ?
When an illegal forward pass was used by Yale against Princeton in 1876 , the ref allegedly decided to allow the play to stand after flipping a coin .
Action had evolved faster than thought .
Interestingly , Roosevelt 's rule changes did not significantly alter the violent nature of college football ; by 1909 , the number of nationwide deaths from football had risen to thirty - three .
But these changes totally reinvented the intellectual potential for football .
It was like taking the act of punching someone in the face and shaping it into boxing .
Suddenly , there were multiple dimensions to offense -- the ball could rapidly be advanced on both its X and Y axis .
The field was technically the same size , but it was vaster .
You could avoid the brutality of trench warfare by flying over it .
It liberalized the sport without eliminating its conservative underpinnings : Soldiers were still getting their skulls hammered in the kill zone , but there was now a progressive , humanitarian way to approach the offensive game plan .
Size mattered less ( Knute Rockne 's 1913 Notre Dame squad was able to famously slay a much bigger Army juggernaut by out - passing them ) , but it was still a game where blocking and tackling appeared to be the quintessence of what it was about .
It was at this point that football philosophy forked :
There were now two types of football coaches , as diametrically opposed ( and as profoundly connected ) as Goldwater and McGovern .
By portraying itself as the former while operating as the latter , football became the most successful enterprise in American sports history .
4 . As of this morning , I am one of only forty million Americans who receive the NFL Network in their living room .
This is less than the number of Americans who get BBC America , the Golf Channel , or VH1 Classic .
The NFL Network has only existed for five years .
However , I can tell it 's going to succeed .
I can tell by the sheer amount of time I end up watching it during the day , even when the network is doing nothing except repeating and promoting the same information I did n't need to know yesterday .
Because of the NFL Network , I 've been convinced to consume information about issues I previously saw as ridiculous .
I ( now ) watch the NFL draft combine every spring .
I am ( now ) acutely aware of what 's happening in the off - season owners ' meetings .
One night in July , I watched the Seattle Seahawks work on a seven - on - seven passing drill for forty minutes .
I would n't classify any of these things as phenomena I care about , but they are things I still watch , particularly when they compete against other pre-recorded TV shows that do n't feel like news , despite the fact that the Seahawks ' seven - on - seven passing drill is n't " news " any more than Panda Nursery .
What the NFL has realized is that they have no better marketing tool than the game itself .
Every other sport tries to fool us .
Baseball sells itself as some kind of timeless , historical pastime that acts as the bridge to a better era of American life , an argument that now seems beyond preposterous .
The NBA tries to create synergy with anything that might engage youth culture ( hip - hop , abstract primordial competition , nostalgia for the 1980s , the word " amazing , " Hurricane Katrina , etc. ) .
NASCAR connects itself to red state contrarianism .
Soccer aligns itself with forward - thinking globalists who enjoy fandom more than sports .
But football only uses football .
They are the product they sell .
Unlike David Stern 's failed vision for the NBA , the NFL Network does not try to expand its empire by pushing the sport toward nonchalant audiences with transitory interest ; it never tries to trick anybody into watching something they do n't already like .
Instead , the NFL Network 's goal is to enliven its base .
It solely tries to ( a ) make football essential to people , and ( b ) make football more essential to those who are already invested .
The casual fan does not matter .
In essence , the NFL Network works exactly like FOX News :
It stays on message and invents talking points for its core constituency to absorb .
If Donovan McNabb is temporarily benched for Kevin Kolb during week ten of the season , that decision is turned into a collection of questions for football people to ponder until Sunday .
How will McNabb react ?
Is his career at a crossroads ?
Has Eagles coach Andy Reid lost control of his offense ?
How will this impact your fantasy team ?
These are the ideas football fans are supposed to talk about during the run-up to week eleven , and the NFL Network ensures that those debates will be part of the public discourse .
It does not matter that McNabb did not lose his job or if the Eagles are out of playoff contention .
By inventing and galvanizing the message , the NFL Network ( and by extension the NFL ) can always deliver the precise product people want .
They construct how I think about pro football .
This is the genius of the NFL , and it is how they came to power long before they had their own network :
The league can always make people think they 're having the specific experience they desire , even if they 're actually experiencing the opposite .
Pete Rozelle -- the greatest sports commissioner in world history -- did this better than anyone .
He convinced America that football was conservative .
During the 1970s , he tried to stop NFL players from having long locks and facial hair , and he mostly succeeded ( and even when he failed -- as with the Jets ' Joe Namath and the miscreants on the Raiders -- those failures worked to the league 's advantage by appealing to the antiauthority minority ) .
He created a seamless relationship with NFL Films , an organization that specialized in cinematically lionizing the most old - school elements of the game ( blood , mud , the frozen breath of Fran Tarkenton , Jack Lambert 's missing teeth , etc. ) .
He fostered the idea of the Dallas Cowboys as " America 's team , " led by a devout Catholic quarterback who had served in Vietnam .
He made football replace baseball in every meaningful , nationalistic way .
And he did this while simultaneously convincing all the league 's owners to adopt revenue sharing , arguably the most successful form of socialism in U.S. history .
The reason the NFL is so dominant is because the NFL is basically Marxist .
This was Rozelle 's greatest coup , and everybody knows it .
But you 'd never guess that from watching the NFL Network .
Marxism is not a talking point .
And that 's smart , too .
The mechanics of distraction are not to be seen .
For the past fifteen years , the face of Old World pro football has been Brett Favre .
He was the most beloved sports media figure I 'd ever witnessed .
The adoration was inescapable .
Favre has always been among my favorite players , but even I had a hard time listening to broadcasters rave about his transcendent grit3 .
The rhetoric never evolved : " He just loves to play the game .
He just loves to throw the old pigskin around the old backyard .
He just wears Wrangler jeans and forgets to shave .
Sure , he throws a few picks now and then , but that 's just because he 's a gunslinger .
That 's just Brett being Brett . "
He was so straightforward and authentic that analysts were unable to discuss Brett Favre without using the word just somewhere in the sentence .
He was the human incarnation of how the NFL hopes to portray itself -- as a collection of unpretentious throwbacks who still manage to thrive inside a civilized , nonwarrior society .
He directly appealed to the self - righteous , reactionary mentality of the American sports media .
Favre is football , or at least he seems to be .
And the operative word here is seems .
He seems essential , but he is n't .
The men who truly dictate the reality of modern football are not like Brett Favre ; the men who dictate the reality of modern football are generally classified as nuts .
2a .
This is another message for non -football followers who are nonetheless reading this essay out of literary obligation , mild interest , or sheer boredom :
You might consider skipping most of the next section .
Just skim down to the last paragraph in 3A and continue on from there .
Thanks .
3a . Right now , the most interesting coach in America is Mike Leach of Texas Tech , a former lawyer who 's obsessed with pirates and UFOs and grizzly bears .
He never played football at the college level and barely played in high school .
But his offensive attack at Texas Tech is annually the best in the country , and it seems to be the best no matter who his players happen to be .
The Red Raiders play football the way eleven - year - old boys play Xbox :
They throw on almost every down , they only punt when the situation is desperate , and they 'll call the same play over and over and over again .
The Texas Tech linemen use unnaturally wide line splits and the quarterback lines up in the shotgun , even when the offense is inside the five - yard line .
If you describe the Red Raiders ' style of play to any traditional football follower without mentioning the team 's name , they reflexively scoff .
But Texas
Tech hammers people .
Over the past five years they 've outscored opponents by an average score of 39.4 to 24.8 while outgaining them by over nine thousand yards , despite the fact that Tech is forced to recruit second - tier high school players who are overlooked by Texas and Oklahoma .
Everywhere Leach has gone , he 's had success -- as an assistant at the University of Kentucky , he found ways to turn an ungifted quarterback ( Tim Couch ) into a Heisman candidate who passed for 8,400 yards and was drafted first overall by the Cleveland Browns .
In a single season assisting at Oklahoma , he designed the offense that would ultimately win a national championship .
So how did he do it ?
What is the secret to his brilliance ?
" There 's two ways to make it more complex for the defense , " Leach told journalist Michael Lewis , writing for The New York Times Magazine .
" One is to have a whole bunch of different plays , but that 's no good because then the offense experiences as much complexity as the defense .
Another is a small number of plays run out of lots of different formations .
That way , you do n't have to teach a guy a new thing to do .
You just have to teach him new places to stand . "
It 's easy to overlook the significance of this kind of quote , mostly because it seems obvious and casual and reductionist .
But it 's none of those things .
It 's an almost perfect description of how thinking slightly differently can have an exponential consequence , particularly when applied to an activity that 's assumed to be inflexible .
There is this inherent myth about football that suggests offensive success comes in one of two ways :
You can run a handful of plays with extreme precision , or you can run a multitude of different plays in the hope of keeping defenses confused .
The Green Bay Packers of the Lombardi era embraced the former philosophy ( they rarely used more than fifteen different plays in the course of any game , but the fifteen they ran were disciplined and flawless ) , as did the straightforward running attack of USC during the 1970s and early ' 80s4 .
Two modern coaches ( Steve Spurrier and Urban Meyer ) have both found success at the talent - rich University of Florida , seemingly by never running the same play twice .
But the inverted thinking of Mike Leach allows Texas Tech to do both : If Texas Tech focuses on only fifteen different plays -- but runs them all out of twenty different formations -- they 're instantly drawing from a pool of three hundred options , all of which could still be executed with the repetitive exactitude of the Packers ' power sweep .
It was n't that Leach out - thought everybody else ; it was merely that he thought differently .
Instead of working within the assumed parameters of football , he decided to expand what those parameters were .
For a while , that made him seem like a crazy person .
But this is how football always evolves : Progressive ideas are introduced by weirdos and mocked by the world , and then everybody else adopts and refines those ideas ten years later .
To wit :
• Bill Walsh , the architect of the San Francisco 49ers dynasty , who built the West Coast offense on an interesting combination of mathematics and psychology :
He realized that any time a team rushed for four yards on the ground , the play was viewed as a success .
However , any time a team completed a pass that gained four yards , the defense assumed they had made a successful stop .
Walsh understood that the two situations were identical .
By viewing the passing game as a variant of the running game , he changed everything about how football is played .
• Sam Wyche , the principal innovator of the no-huddle offense :
Wyche was known for having curious ideas about everything , but his theory of a chaotic attack ( that ignored the pre-snap huddle in order to generate matchup problems and tire defenses ) is now common .
In 1989 , Wyche 's Cincinnati Bengals played the Buffalo Bills in a play - off game .
Members of the Bills defense constantly feigned injury in order to stop the Bengals from rushing to the line of scrimmage .
Prior to the game , Bills coach Marv Levy had openly questioned the moral credibility of Wyche 's approach .
The following season , Levy stole the Bengals ' no -huddle offense and went on to play in four straight Super Bowls .
• Darrel " Mouse " Davis , the passing guru who popularized the Run and Shoot offense : Nobody really runs the Run and Shoot anymore ( it did n't really work whenever a team was inside the twenty ) , but almost every pass - first coach has stolen some of its principles .
One of these principles was allowing wide receivers to make adjustments to their pass routes while they were running them , so - called " choice routes " 5 that are especially popular with present - day slot receivers like Wes Welker and Anthony Gonzalez .
The one - RB , four - WR offensive set Davis invented at Portland State in the late 1970s is standard today , even though it seemed otherworldly and unstoppable at the time :
In 1980 , Portland State beat Delaware State 105-0 and Cal Poly Pomona 93 - 7 .
Mouse may have been a genius , but he was something of a [ jerk ] .
• Mike Martz , a lunatic whom no one seems to respect6 but who consistently creates innovation by ignoring conventional thinking .
Sometimes , this hurts him ( while coaching the St. Louis Rams , Martz seemed briefly obsessed with the possibility of onside kicking when the Rams were ahead ) .
But sometimes his strange mind leads him to interesting places :
Fundamentally , it was always believed that receivers should run in straight lines and make their downfield cuts at hard angles .
Martz considered the possibility of WRs running curved pass patterns , a subtle change that helped make the Rams impossible to contain during the late nineties .
• Dick LeBeau :
In 1984 , as a coordinator in Cincinnati , he borrowed basketball philosophies to develop the " zone blitz " -- the concept of attacking the opposing QB with linebackers and defensive backs while dropping hulking defensive linemen into pass coverage .
In ' 84 , the idea of using a 270 - pound defensive end in the secondary seemed about as practical as using a sledgehammer to fix a clock radio .
But by the turn of the century , the zone blitz was everywhere .
• Gus Malzahn , the unheralded offensive coordinator at the University of Tulsa7 who took Wyche 's hurry - up offense to its illogical extreme :
The goal of Malzahn 's approach is to play at full speed at all times , lengthening the game and wearing out opponents mentally and physically .
As a high school coach at tiny Shiloh Christian in Arkansas , he once won a play - off game by a score of 70 to 64 .
In that contest , his quarterback passed for 672 yards .
Tulsa averaged 47.2 points per game in 2008 .
• Steve Humphries , a bored high school coach in Piedmont , California , who came up with the A - 11 offense :
The A - 11 exploited a loophole in the rulebook allowing every player on the field to become an eligible pass receiver during kicking situations .
The A - 11 also employs two quarterbacks simultaneously , making every snap a gadget play .
Because of its reliance on a bad rule , the A - 11 is being outlawed by the National Federation of High Schools -- but elements of the scheme will still be adopted by every coordinator who takes the time to study it .
Even more radical are mathematical minds like Kevin Kelley of Pulaski Academy in Arkansas , a high school coach who went 13 - 1 and won the Arkansas 5A title in 2007 by never punting the football all season , even when his team was pinned inside its own ten - yard line .
All of Kelley 's in - game decisions are considered from a risk - reward standpoint , exclusively viewed through statistical probability ; he has concluded that the upside of working with an extra play on every set of downs is greater than the risk of surrendering thirty - five yards of field possession on every change of possession .
His numeric strategy is also applied to kickoffs -- Pulaski onside kicks about 75 percent of the time .
Despite their success , just about everyone who watches Pulaski Academy play still thinks they 're joking .
" You can just tell people are in the stands thinking , ' You 're an idiot , ' " Kelley said after winning the championship .
I could list these types of guys ad nauseam .
I could include everyone from Sid Gillman8 to Emory Bellard9 to Don Coryell10 .
But the size of the list does n't matter ; what matters is how these men were all criticized in the same way .
Whenever an innovation fails to result in a title , its unorthodoxy takes the hit ; every time a football coach tries something unorthodox , he is blasted for not playing " the right way . "
But all that " not playing the right way " means is that a coach is ignoring the eternal lie of football : the myth that everything done in the past is better than anything that could be invented in the present .
As a result , the public arm of football -- the conservative arm -- bashes innovation immediately , even while adopting the principles it attacks 11 .
The innovators are ridiculed .
And that kind of reaction is reassuring to fans , because it makes us feel like football is still the same game we always want to remember .
It has a continuity of purpose .
It symbolizes the same ideals and appeals to the same kind of person .
It feels conservative , but it acts liberal .
Everything changes , but not really .
1a .
As I continue to watch Michigan 's quarterback run the read option against the Gophers , I now find myself wondering if this play is authentically simple or quietly complex .
The read option is a combination of three rudimentary elements of football : spreading the field , running a back off tackle , and the quarterback keeper .
It would be an easy play to teach and a safe play to run , even for junior high kids .
But it 's still new .
It did n't really exist in the 1970s and ' 80s , and when I first saw it employed in the late '90s , it seemed like an idiotic innovation .
It seemed like a way to get your quarterback killed without taking advantage of your tailback .
I had always believed teams could not succeed by running the ball out of the shotgun formation .
I thought it would never happen .
But I was wrong .
And I suspect the reason I was wrong was not because I did n't understand what was happening on this specific play ; I suspect it was because I felt like I already understood football .
I had played football and written about football and watched it exhaustively for twenty years , so I thought I knew certain inalienable truths about the game .
And I was wrong .
What I knew were the assumed truths , which are not the same thing .
I had brainwashed myself .
I was unwilling to admit that my traditional , conservative football values were imaginary and symbolic .
They belonged to a game I was n't actually watching but was still trying to see .
Over time , I realized this had happened with almost every aspect of my life .
3b . When we think of football , we think of Woody Hayes , or at least we think of men like Woody Hayes , even if we do n't know who Woody Hayes is .
Hayes coached Ohio State for twenty - eight years , won five national championships , never asked for a pay raise , and ended his career in disgrace by punching an opposing player in the Gator Bowl .
" Show me a gracious loser , " he would say , " and I will show you a busboy . "
People who write books about Woody Hayes give them titles like War as They Knew It and note his hatred for popular culture ( Hayes was memorably outraged by a reference to lesbianism in Paul Newman 's hockey film Slap Shot ) .
His quarterbacks never passed 12 , his linebackers always went to class , and every kid who loved him lived in a state of perpetual fear .
It felt normal .
That 's what football is .
These are the types of images we want to associate with the essence of the game .
Bill Parcells used to refer to wideout Terry Glenn as " she " during press conferences .
That 's what football is .
Barry Sanders running to daylight .
Earl Campbell running to darkness .
Settling for a field goal late in the first half .
Playing for field position when the weather is inclement .
Blocking sleds .
Salt tablets .
Richard Nixon 's favorite sport .
That 's what football is , always -- and if we stopped believing that , it would seem to matter less .
But that is n't what football is .
It is n't .
It changes more often than any sport we have .
Football was Nixon 's favorite sport , but it was Hunter S. Thompson 's favorite , too .
Football coaches will try anything .
They 're gonzo .
In the 1970s , teams only used a 3 - 4 defense13 if their defensive personnel was flawed .
During the early eighties , that assumption changed ; the new objective was to cover the field with as many linebackers as possible .
Suddenly , nobody was playing a 4 - 3 except Dallas .
But then the ' 85 Bears hammered people with their 4614 defense , so every coordinator decided he had to create his own bastardized version of the 46 .
As a result , the only teams that still played 3 - 4 were the ones with defensive flaws , exactly how things had been originally .
Every innovation is seen as a positive innovation , even if it has a negative result .
Throughout the 1980s , the hot trend in the NFL was barefoot place kickers .
A few guys even punted barefoot .
It retrospect , this was probably the strangest fad in football history ( it was the sports equivalent of peg-rolling your Guess jeans , which was going on at about the same time ) .
There is absolutely no reason that kicking a football without a shoe could be better than the alternative , particularly when one is outdoors in the dead of winter .
But this is what people did .
Someone tried it , so it must be worth trying .
When my friends and I played four - on - four football at recess , we would remove our moon boots and kick the Nerf pigskin with raw toes , even when the ground was blanketed by nineteen inches of snow .
We thought we were being tough .
We were actually being liberal .
2b . " In those days football seemed the almost perfect sport and it seemed unlikely we could ever get enough of it , " David Halberstam wrote in 1974 , alluding to the NFL games he had watched with Gay Talese during the LBJ administration .
" What we really rooted for was the game itself . "
Interestingly , the title of the magazine essay this comes from is " Sunday , Boring Sunday : A Farewell to Pro Football . "
Halberstam was bemoaning ( what he considered to be ) the sad decline of pro football during the seventies , a supposition that now seems totally wrong in every possible way15 .
A more prescient statement comes from something Halberstam wrote in 2006 , again reminiscing about watching Johnny Unitas and Frank Gifford on black - and - white TV sets over twenty - five - cent beers : " Nobody needed to sell the NFL to us .
We could see how good it was . "
I am thirty - seven years old .
I now like football more than I ever have , or at least as much as I ever have since those wonderful days in fourth grade when I 'd take off my moon boot to kick barefoot in the snow .
I never thought this would happen .
Never .
I always assumed that my interest in football would wane over time , just as it has for everything else I was obsessed with as a kid .
For a few scant years , this did seem to happen -- my interest in pro sports decreased during the height of my college experience , and I missed one Super Bowl completely 16 .
But since entering the workforce in the summer of ' 94 , my obsession with football has risen every single autumn .
I love watching it and I love thinking about it .
And I want to understand why that happened .
I assume it is one of three explanations or -- more likely -- a combination of all three : Either ( a ) the game itself keeps improving , ( b ) the media impacts me more than I 'm willing to admit , or ( c ) this is just what happens to men as they grow older .
I suppose I do n't care .
I 'm just glad to have something in my life that is so easy enjoy this much .
All I have to do is sit on my couch and watch .
It is the easiest kind of pleasure .
My wife is awesome , but she hates football ( as wives are wont to do ) .
Every game seems the same to her .
I will be watching a contest between Kent State and Eastern Michigan on a random Thursday night , and she will say , " Go ahead and watch that game .
I will just sit here and read this magazine featuring a plus - sized black female TV personality from Chicago . "
Two days later , Georgia will be playing LSU for the SEC championship .
Now she will want to rent Scenes from a Marriage .
" You want to watch football again ? " she will ask .
" Did n't you already watch football on Thursday ? "
Every game seems the same to her .
And I can't explain the difference , even though the differences feel so obvious .
And I do n't want to explain the difference , because I always want to watch Kent State and Eastern Michigan , too .
They are as different to me as they are similar to her .
I do n't know what I see when I watch football .
It must be something insane , because I should not enjoy it as much as I do .
I must be seeing something so personal and so universal that understanding this question would tell me everything I need to know about who I am , and maybe I do n't want that to happen .
But perhaps it 's simply this : Football allows the intellectual part of my brain to evolve , but it allows the emotional part to remain unchanged .
It has a liberal cerebellum and a reactionary heart .
And this is all I want from everything , all the time , always .
FOOTNOTES
1 . The spread offense was so culturally pervasive in 2008 that it briefly became a plot point in season three of Friday Night Lights , undoubtedly the first time a prime - time TV show felt the need to respond to what was happening in major college football .
2 . I feel like the addition of radios inside the helmets of NFL quarterbacks has been an overlooked innovation in how football embraces change .
The Cleveland Browns invented QB radios in 1956 , but they were banned until 1994 .
This legislation , along with the use of instant replay for officials , shows how football is unusually willing to let technology dictate performance .
More conservative sports ( like baseball or soccer ) would fight such modernization tooth and nail .
3 . I feel an obligation to note that it was n't really Favre 's fault that announcers were in love with him .
But it kind of was , because Favre perpetuated it , too .
He openly played to their girlish worship .
4 . As a senior in 1981 , USC's Marcus Allen rushed for 2,432 yards in twelve games .
This is both astounding and understandable when you watch tape of the Trojans from that season -- it often seems like half of the offensive plays were simple toss sweeps over the right tackle ( the so - called " Student Body Right " ) .
5 . This is especially significant within the context of football 's traditional relationship with hierarchical control : Since the 1970s , much of football 's fascist reputation had to do with the way offensive plays are dictated by the coaching staff , often from a press box a hundred feet above the field of play .
The actual athletes sometimes seem like pawns .
But choice routes gave autonomy to receivers .
6. ESPN commentator Tom Jackson once called Martz " The worst kind of idiot -- an idiot who thinks he 's a genius . "
7. Malzahn is now at Auburn .
8. Gillman introduced the idea of the vertical passing game in the 1950s and '60s .
9 . Bellard popularized the wishbone option at the University of Texas in 1967 , having taken the idea from Charles " Spud " Carson , a junior high coach in Fort Worth , Texas .
10 . Coryell is the father of the modern pro passing game , particularly with the San Diego Chargers in the early 1980s .
He also changed the way people looked at collegiate talent :
He won 104 games with the San Diego State Aztecs by almost exclusively recruiting from junior colleges .
11 . Easy example :
In the annual New York Times Magazine " The Year in Ideas " issue for 2008 , there was a brief examination of the Wildcat formation and the spread offense .
The piece concludes with a dismissive quote from Aaron Schatz , a contributor to Pro Football Prospectus .
" Wildcat got crazy , " said Schatz .
" It 's a silly fad , like leg warmers or parachute pants . "
Time may prove Schatz correct , but his condescension ignores some irrefutable results .
The year before Miami started using the Wildcat , they were 1 - 15 ; the next season , the Dolphins went 11 - 5 and won the AFC East .
In 2007 , Ole Miss went 3 - 9 , so they fired their head coach and hired Wildcat innovator Houston Nutt ; with almost identical talent , Ole Miss won nine games in 2008 and were the only school to defeat the University of Florida all season .
Ole Miss ultimately beat Leach 's Texas Tech in the 2009 Cotton Bowl .
12 . Although some of them did become addicted to gambling and cocaine .
13 .
This refers to a defensive alignment that has three linemen and four linebackers .
And if you did n't know that already , I am pretty f------ impressed you 're still hanging with this .
It should also be noted that certain NFL teams have succeeded wildly with the 3 - 4 defense even when it was unpopular , particularly in the AFC ; Miami won championships with the 3 - 4 during the mid-1970s and Pittsburgh has used a 3 - 4 attack for more than twenty years .
14 . Unlike the 4 - 3 or the 3 - 4 , the name of the 46 defense does not indicate the number of linemen and linebackers who are on the field .
The reason Bears defensive coordinator Buddy Ryan called this formation the 46 was because its effectiveness hinged on the play of Chicago strong safety Doug Plank , whose jersey number was 46 .
15 . Even Halberstam would ultimately concede that his ' 74 piece did not hold up over time :
In 2001 , he wrote a much more affectionate essay called " How I Fell in Love with the NFL . "
16 .
It was the year the Redskins played the Bills , and I was at a party .
How I was at a party on a Sunday night in Grand Forks , North Dakota , that somehow was n't a Super Bowl party is pretty hard for me to fathom , but this was around the same time I started drinking " proactively . "
It looks like Motorola may have been hiding a lot of the Motorola CLIQ goodness from us but after some snooping I found they slipped some stuff right under our nose !
Take a look at this CLIQ Applications page on Motorola.com !
HOLY CLIQOLI !
According to this page , all the apps listed here come “ Pre-loaded and ready to use ” – and there are a LOT of interesting inclusions in the mix :
DIGG – An Official Digg Android Application ?
That would be pretty awesome indeed !
– An Official Digg Android Application ?
That would be pretty awesome indeed !
Telenav Navigator is a Turn - By - Turn Navigation application that is currently available for purchase on Android Market .
If it comes pre-loaded on the CLIQ and “ ready to use ” I can only imagine it is T - Mobile ’s answer to the likes of VZNavigator and Sprint Navigation , the latter of which is powered by Telenav !
is a Turn - By - Turn Navigation application that is currently available for purchase on Android Market .
If it comes pre-loaded on the CLIQ and “ ready to use ” I can only imagine it is T - Mobile ’s answer to the likes of VZNavigator and Sprint Navigation , the latter of which is powered by Telenav !
Mint – this desktop software helps you keep track of your finances much like Quicken.com .
All of my Googling led me to enthusiastic
Mint users who were distraught there was no Android support … there soon will be !
Mint started polling their forum visitors in February about which platform they ’d like to see an app for .
The poll still is n’t closed and it got a vote as recent as last week … but guess who is winning 7 months later ?
Android .
– this desktop software helps you keep track of your finances much like Quicken.com .
All of my Googling led me to enthusiastic
Mint users who were distraught there was no Android support … there soon will be !
Mint started polling their forum visitors in February about which platform they ’d like to see an app for .
The poll still is n’t closed and it got a vote as recent as last week … but guess who is winning 7 months later ?
Android .
Yahoo Mail – I just thought it was interesting they included this as the only “ communications ” app that is pre-loaded .
Is this custom built by Yahoo as an Official Android App with a bunch of additional built - in features ?
If so that would be pretty cool and funny / ironic at the same time .
The other interesting thing I found was the addition of 6 “ Lifestyle ” Apps :
AskMen
Gawker
Gizmodo
IGN
Life Hacker
Rotten Tomatoes
I ’m AMAZED this news has n’t been reported elsewhere yet … unless Motorola is building applications FOR these companies you would think Gizmodo would know they have their own Official Android Application launching pre-loaded on the Motorola CLIQ and say something about it ?
Do they not know ?
Were they waiting for launch day ?
Their sister sites Gawker and LifeHacker make that list as well ( provoking the heart nick denton ) .
By the way , if you look at the corresponding page for the Motorola DEXT you ’ll find much of the applications overlap but there are some significant differences .
For one , Digg , Telenav and Mint are n’t included and there are some additions and swaps for news souces , lifestyle blogs and such .
And also 1 + 1 =2
UPDATE : Check out the first comment on this post .
We looked it up and he was n’t lying … comment 32 on the Live Blog he asks about Telenav inclusion .
Looks like we need to keep our eyes close to the comments – you folks are sharp :)
Slideshow ( 2 images )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama announced on Friday that a 22 - year - old ban on allowing people infected with the AIDS virus into the United States will be lifted on Monday .
Obama made the announcement in signing an extension of the Ryan White HIV / AIDS Treatment Act , which provides for education , prevention and treatment programs for U.S. HIV patients .
Obama said the ban was imposed 22 years ago when visitors to the United States were treated as a threat .
“ We lead the world when it comes to helping stem the AIDS pandemic -- yet we are one of only a dozen countries that still bar people from HIV from entering our own country , ” he said .
“ If we want to be the global leader in combating HIV / AIDS , we need to act like it , ” he said .
He said on Monday his administration will publish a final rule that eliminates the travel ban effective just after the first of 2010 .
The AIDS virus infects 33 million people globally and around a million in the United States .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The White House sought to reassure jittery supporters Monday that President Obama is not abandoning the fight for a public health insurance option .
President Obama " believes the public option is the best way " to reform health care , a White House aide says .
The assurance came amid a media firestorm ignited over the weekend by administration officials seeming to indicate a willingness to drop such an option in order to secure congressional approval of a health care reform bill .
The verbal maneuvering reflected the steep political challenge facing an administration trying to balance the competing priorities of the more conservative Senate and the more liberal House of Representatives .
" The president has always said that what is essential is that health insurance reform must lower costs , ensure that there are affordable options for all Americans , and it must increase choice and competition in the health insurance market , " White House aide Linda Douglass said in a written statement .
" He believes the public option is the best way to achieve those goals . "
The administration seemed to step back from its insistence on such an option over the weekend , when Obama said it is " not the entirety of health care reform . "
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the president could be " satisfied " without it .
And Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told CNN's " State of the Union " that a public insurance plan is " not the essential element . "
Watch Sebelius , others talk about the issue »
Extreme Challenges : Health Care
It 's the most controversial issue in the country , health care reform .
Learn what 's fact and fiction .
Friday , 10 p.m. ET see full schedule »
The move seemed to be a concession to critics , particularly Republican lawmakers who have assailed the idea of the government playing that kind of role .
Yet it also stirred up frustration from those on the left who believe such an option is critical .
" Recent comments by Obama administration officials regarding the public option and health reform are deeply troubling , " Rep. Barbara Lee , D - California , said in a written statement .
Lee , chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus , said that " any bill without a public health insurance plan like Medicare is not health reform . "
Former Democratic Party Chairman Howard Dean , a doctor and one - time presidential candidate , told NBC's " Today Show " on Monday that he believes a public option " is the entirety of health care reform ; it 's not the entirety of insurance reform . "
A petition on his Web site StandWithDrDean.com reads , " A public option is the only way to guarantee health care for all Americans and its inclusion is non-negotiable . "
Rep. Raul Grijalva , D - Arizona and co-chairman of the Congressional Progressive Caucus , warned that a significant number of House liberals would oppose any bill that does not include a " robust public option . "
" Our position has not , and will not , change , " he said .
" I will not support any bill that does not include a public option . "
But making the issue negotiable might be a necessity for any legislation to pass through the Senate .
Democratic Sen. Kent Conrad of North Dakota , one of six Senate Finance Committee members who have been trying to hammer out the first bipartisan compromise bill , said Sunday a public option simply wo n't make it through Congress .
" The fact of the matter is there are not the votes in the United States Senate for a public option .
There never have been , " Conrad told " FOX News Sunday . "
Watch bloggers give their opinions of the focus on the public option »
Instead of a public option , the negotiators are considering a plan proposed by Conrad to create nonprofit health insurance cooperatives that could negotiate coverage as a collective for their members .
Such cooperatives , which have already been established in cities such as Minneapolis , Minnesota , and Seattle , Washington , are designed to provide better coverage at a lower cost for their members in part by funneling profits back into the system .
They are also designed to help alter the larger health care landscape by forcing private competitors to lower their prices .
Liberal critics note , however , that membership in a cooperative is not free of cost .
Cooperatives can -- and often do -- reject prospective members , and are therefore less likely than other public alternatives to help reach the goal of universal health coverage .
Watch a senior medical correspondent talk about co-ops and the uninsured »
Some conservatives , on the other hand , have suggested that any government - supported insurance option will create an uneven playing field in the industry .
Private insurers wo n't be able to compete , the conservative critics argue , eventually leading to a situation in which the government will control a great deal of the health care in America .
" We have the best health care system in the world , " Republican Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama told " FOX News Sunday . "
" We need to expand it .
We do not need to destroy it . "
Supporters of a public option say it will create a badly needed level of competition , ultimately benefiting the public .
At a town hall event Saturday in Grand Junction , Colorado , Obama said , " I think that we can craft a system in which you 've got a public option that has to operate independently , not subsidized by taxpayers -- it would be nonprofit ... they would have to go on the market and get a market price for capital . "
He added , " I think there are ways that we can address those competitive issues . "
But White House efforts to sway fiscally conservative Democrats -- the so - called Blue Dogs in the House of Representatives -- continued to run up against an apparent constituent backlash Monday .
Rep . Allen Boyd , a seven - term Blue Dog , told constituents at a town hall meeting in his northern Florida district that he could not support the current House bill because it does not do enough to control exploding health care costs .
Watch a report about the town hall meeting »
One constituent nevertheless castigated Boyd for not doing enough to stop the push for reform .
" If we let [ House Speaker Nancy ]
Pelosi and people like that direct us , we are doomed , " the constituent said to loud applause .
" We want Allen to ... do a good job for us , like he used to do , but [ he ] can't do that with that bunch of scoundrels . "
Pelosi later issued a statement saying that " there is strong support in the House for a public option .
...
A public option will keep insurance companies honest and increase competition . "
Speaking to reporters in his home state of Pennsylvania , Democratic Sen .
Arlen Specter said Monday that Obama needs to clarify his preference for either cooperatives or a more traditional public option .
The president now " has to make the evaluation as a matter of leadership as to what the administration wants to do , " he said .
Specter , who was a Republican before switching parties earlier this year , said he preferred a more traditional public option but might be willing to back the idea of cooperatives .
" I 'm not willing to write off the public option , because there are some people who are discouraged about it , " he said .
" The [ cooperatives ] might have the same elements , where there is an operation which is not for profit .
But let 's write the bill , let 's consider it , and let 's try to do something positive . "
CNN 's Dana Bash and Ed Henry contributed to this report .
All About Health Care Policy • U.S. Senate • Kent Conrad • Barack Obama
Uncanny Archaeology
A look at the archaeology of Halloween , witches and witchcraft , creatures of the night , and ancient curses and magic
Uncanny archaeology springs from many roots .
Today , Halloween — once All Hallows Eve , now All Saints Day — is a time for children to trick - or - treat costumed as super heroes , the latest characters invented by corporate marketing departments , or more traditionally as witches or ghosts .
But some Halloween traditions are related to an ancient Celtic harvest festival , Samhain , and Celtic rituals , not all of them pleasant .
In many past cultures the boundary between the living and the dead was thought to be shaky at times , as with Samhain .
Those beings believed able to cross it — in spectral form as ghosts or as walking undead , such as vampires and zombies — were to be feared .
Augustus ' boyhood home was haunted according to Suetonius , the biographer of the caesars , but there is more than just written evidence for belief in the undead centuries ago , as vampire burials attest .
And throughout history people have used love spells , protective charms , and curses to gain their ends .
Were they successful ?
We do n't know , but we have their voodoo dolls and lead tablets engraved with deadly appeals to supernatural forces .
We also have the remains of witchy rituals , as well as evidence of counter - rituals intended to fend off attacks by witches .
All of these beliefs have left a surprisingly strong — and often bizarre or gruesome — mark on the archaeological record .
It 's uncanny , but real archaeology .
( Well , okay , the zombie attack in Predynastic Egypt article is a spoof . )
Lord Stern has just given environmental leaders food for thought and an important topic to discuss at the upcoming United Nations Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen .
A leading authority on climate change , Lord Stern recently told The Times , “ Meat is a wasteful use of water and creates a lot of greenhouse gases .
It puts enormous pressure on the world ’s resources .
A vegetarian diet is better ” .
He indicated that he favours significantly higher prices for meat and other foods that contribute to climate change .
A 2006 United Nations ( UN ) report revealed that the livestock sector generates more greenhouse gases than all the cars , trucks , trains , planes and ships in the world combined .
The report attributed 18 per cent of annual worldwide greenhouse - gas emissions to cattle , sheep , pigs , chickens and other farmed animals , but new research from the Worldwatch Institute indicates that the figure actually could be much higher .
According to Robert Goodland and Jeff Anhang , co-authors of “ Livestock and Climate Change ” , raising animals for food produces 51 per cent of all greenhouse - gas emissions .
Animal agriculture is one of the largest sources of carbon - dioxide emissions and is the single largest source of both nitrous - oxide and methane emissions .
Methane is more than 23 times as powerful as carbon dioxide when it comes to trapping heat in the atmosphere , while nitrous oxide is about 300 times more potent than carbon dioxide .
The meat , egg and dairy industries account for a staggering 65 per cent of worldwide nitrous - oxide emissions .
The meat , egg and dairy industries are also responsible for heavy deforestation , and according to the World Resources Institute , deforestation is responsible for approximately 20 per cent of all greenhouse - gas emissions .
As the world ’s appetite for meat increases , countries around the globe are bulldozing huge swaths of land in order to make more room for animals and the crops that feed them .
If we are ever to halt climate change and conserve land , water and other resources –and reduce animal suffering – we must kick our meat habit .
The Live Earth Global Warming Survival Handbook states that “ refusing meat ” is “ the single most effective thing you can do to reduce your carbon footprint ” .
Researchers at the University of Chicago in the US have determined that switching to a vegan ( pure vegetarian ) diet is more effective in countering climate change than switching from a gas - guzzling car to a hybrid .
When you factor in water and air pollution ; the amount of water that ’s squandered on animal agriculture ( it takes more than 4,000 gallons of water per day to produce food for a meat - eater , whereas a vegan diet requires only 300 gallons of water per day ) ; the energy it takes to operate factory farms , feedlots , slaughterhouses and trucks that transport animals ; and all the edible crops that are used to feed animals instead of hungry , malnourished people , it ’s easy to understand why going vegan is the best solution to our pressing environmental problems .
As the above - mentioned UN report concluded , the livestock sector is “ one of the … most significant contributors to the most serious environmental problems , at every scale from local to global ” .
The report also recommended that animal agriculture be “ a major policy focus when dealing with problems of land degradation , climate change and air pollution , water shortage and water pollution , and loss of biodiversity ” .
Thanks to Lord Stern ’s leadership , this issue may finally be addressed at the upcoming United Nations Climate Change Conference .
Ingrid Newkirk is founder and president of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA)www.peta.org.uk
Pakistan 's foreign minister received assurances from US congressmen US President Barack Obama has signed into law a $ 7.5 bn aid package for Pakistan , after fears it might impinge on Pakistani sovereignty were eased .
It follows meetings between the bill 's authors , Democrats John Kerry and Howard Berman , and Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi .
The two congressmen issued a statement saying the bill set no conditions that would infringe Pakistan 's sovereignty .
It triples non-military US aid to an annual outlay of $ 1.5 bn for five years .
Mr Qureshi's meetings with Mr Kerry and Mr Berman - the chairmen of the Senate and House foreign relations committees - came a week after he had been in Washington praising the bill .
His rushed return to the US capital for further talks followed a surge of opposition to the legislation among Pakistan 's military and many politicians .
The Pakistani army expressed " serious concerns " about the package and said it was uneasy about " clauses impacting on national security " .
' Great sacrifices '
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the bill showed support for Pakistan 's democratic institutions and the Pakistani people .
The US aid to Pakistan will be used for development projects
The " joint explanatory statement " released by Mr Kerry and Mr Berman after their meetings with Mr Qureshi will be placed in the Congressional Record , the official log of proceedings in Congress , with the bill .
Mr Kerry said the statement " honours the great sacrifices made by Pakistani security forces in the fight against extremism .
" And it also makes absolutely clear - and I want to emphasise this point - that the legislation does not seek in any way to compromise Pakistan 's sovereignty , impinge on Pakistan 's national security interests or micromanage any aspect of Pakistani military or civilian operations . "
Militant groups
The bill , which was passed unanimously by the US Congress , set several conditions for the aid to Pakistan .
Under the legislation , the secretary of state will have to certify periodically that Pakistan is working to dismantle the illegal nuclear proliferation networks .
The US also has to certify that Pakistan is no longer supporting militant groups .
The aid money will not be directly handed over to Pakistan but will be spent on different development projects through the US embassy in Islamabad .
According to reports , a special unit is being established in the embassy , which will maintain accounts of the aid spent and strictly monitor it .
Recently , the US said it had provided more than $ 3bn in aid to Pakistan since President Asif Zardari came to power a year ago .
The money was given in " combined security , economic and development assistance " , US officials said .
In May this year , the US announced it was sending $ 110 m ( £ 71 m ) in aid to Pakistan to help it cope with the refugee crisis caused by violence between troops and the Taliban in the north - west .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SEATTLE 
At a time when voters in many states are using petitions to qualify ballot measures on issues from gay rights to property rights , a legal dispute over the identity of 138,000 petition signers here is raising new questions about privacy , free speech and elections in the Internet age .
On Tuesday , voters in Washington State will decide whether to extend to registered domestic partners the same rights married couples have , short of marriage .
But the campaign over the referendum , placed on the ballot by opponents of same - sex marriage , has been overshadowed by one issue : whether the individual names of the petitioners should be made public , and ultimately , circulated on the Web .
The United States Supreme Court weighed in last week , deciding to let stand a lower court ruling that ordered Washington ’s secretary of state not to disclose the names of the signers .
The Supreme Court did not rule on the merits of the issue , and it is unclear whether it will .
The case , legal experts say , could chart new territory well beyond Washington State .
The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , which had ordered the release of the signatures , said the case presented “ novel questions of whether referendum petition signatures are protected speech under the First Amendment . ”
Rep. Edolphus Towns ( D - N.Y. ) locked Republicans out of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee room to keep them from meeting when Democrats are n’t present .
Towns ’ action came after repeated public ridicule from the leading Republican on the committee , Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - Calif . ) , over Towns ’s failure to launch an investigation into Countrywide Mortgage ’s reported sweetheart deals to VIPs .
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
For months Towns has refused Republican requests to subpoena records in the case .
Last Thursday Committee Republicans , led by Issa , were poised to force an open vote on the subpoenas at a Committee mark - up meeting .
The mark - up was abruptly canceled .
Only Republicans showed up while Democrats chairs remained empty .
Republicans charged that Towns canceled the meeting to avoid the subpoena vote .
Democrats first claimed the mark - up was canceled due to a conflict with the Financial Services Committee .
Later they said it was abandoned after a disagreement among Democratic members on whether to subpoena records on the mortgage industry ’s political contributions to Republicans .
A GOP committee staffer captured video of Democrats leaving their separate meeting in private chambers after the mark - up was supposed to have begun .
He spliced the video to other footage of the Democrats ’ empty chairs at the hearing room , set it to the tune of “ Hit the Road , Jack ” and posted it on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee ’s minority webpage , where it remained as of press time .
Towns ’s staffers told Republicans they were not happy about the presence of the video camera in the hearing room when they were not present .
Issa ’s spokesman said the Democrats readily acknowledged to Republicans that they changed the locks in retaliation to the videotape of the Democrats ’ absence from the business meeting even though committee rules allow meetings to be taped .
" It 's not surprising that they would choose to retaliate given the embarrassment we caused by catching them in a lie on tape , ” said Issa spokesman Kurt Bardella .
“ If only theywould use their creative energy to do some actual oversight rather than resorting to immature tactics , but I guess we 're getting some insight into what lengths they 'll go to avoid addressing the Countrywide VIP issue .
" Towns ’s office said in a statement the locks were changed on Republicans " because they do n't know how to behave . "
As for the video the GOP made , Towns 's office pointed out : " The minority is using taxpayer dollars to make these campaign style videos . "
Bardella replied : " It 's also those same taxpayer dollars that paid for them to sit in a room while they came up with an excuse to cancel the mark - up -- what exactly do they do all day ? "
The partisan sniping recalls a similarly bitter name - calling match between House Republicans and Democrats on the Ways and Means Committee in 2003 when Republicans controlled the majority and former Rep. Bill Thomas ( R - Calif . ) chaired the panel .
The episode ended in Thomas , known for his acerbic tongue , summoning the Capitol Police to evict an outraged gaggle of Democratic colleagues from a library in the Longworth House office building .
The committee had convened that morning to consider a bipartisan bill that would revise the nation 's pension and retirement - saving system .
Democrats objected when Thomas brought up a 90 - page substitute measure that had been released shortly before midnight the night before .
Democrats said they needed more time to read it .
Thomas disagreed .
In response , Democrats objected to a normally perfunctory motion to dispense with the reading of the dense legislation .
A clerk obligingly began reading it line by line .
Democrats departed to a library just off the main hearing room , leaving only Rep. Fortney " Pete " Stark ( D - Calif. ) to prevent the Republicans from obtaining unanimous consent to skip the reading .
After a few minutes , Thomas asked again for the unanimous consent , and instantly brought down his gavel .
Stark told reporters he had objected , but Thomas had replied , " You 're too late . "
Even before Thomas gaveled the reading to an end , he had directed staff to call the Capitol Police to remove the Democrats form the library .
Countrywide , now owned by Bank of America , was reported to have given VIP loans and treatment to lawmakers and officials at the federal and local level who were in a position to influence policy affecting the mortgage giant .
Issa has repeatedly reminded Committee Democrats that Bank of America officials had said they would turn over records on the VIP program – but only in response to a subpoena .
Towns , who received a mortgage loan from Countrywide but insists he was not part of the VIP program , has said he declined to launch an investigation because he does not want to interfere with an ongoing Justice Department probe into the matter .
-- This article was updated at 6:59 p.m. and at 7:44 a.m .
PORTLAND , Ore. 
Star stopped to scratch herself beside the carrot ginger soup .
“ Look at her ; she ’s the calmest dog you ’ve ever met , is n’t she ? ” Lawrence Sax said of Star , his 8 - year - old Australian shepherd mix , as he held her leash at a Whole Foods Market here .
“ Everybody I know loves her . ”
Mr. Sax had apparently overlooked the glare of Stefan Koprinkov .
“ I love animals , ” Mr. Koprinkov , who had to step around the dog in his search for cheese pizza , said later .
“ But it ’s wrong for animals to be in the store . ”
Mr. Koprinkov is not the only person who thinks so .
In the last year , the food safety division of the Oregon Agriculture Department has received more than 600 complaints about animals in food stores , and a disproportionate number of them have come from the Pearl District of Portland , an affluent , dog- passionate procession of newer condominiums and shiny retail shops at the edge of downtown .
Whole Foods has had complaints ; the Safeway a few blocks away has had even more .
“ Usually they ’ll hold off and not make a complaint until they ’ve seen a dog urinate in the grocery store or jump up and try to swipe a pack of meat , ” said Vance Bybee , the head of the food safety division .
“ Or they ’ve seen dogs pooping in the aisle , that sort of thing . ”
Personal Injury Attorney
Personal , Responsive – Aggressive Representation .
Serving Seattle and all of western Washington .
Se habla Español .
Dedicated to Injury Law , Daniel Whitmore has provided guidance for hundreds of Personal Injury cases , including accidents involving bicyclists , pedestrians , auto accidents , train and boating accidents .
Experienced Lawyer
With almost two decades providing counsel in injury cases , our mission is protecting the rights of our clients while tirelessly advocating their goals – allowing them to move on to a better future .
Daniel Whitmore is passionate about providing you with representation built on trust and driven by strategy .
We are here to help
If you or a loved one has been seriously injured in an accident , seeking representation immediately can help in ensuring you the results and compensation you deserve while time - sensitive evidence is still intact .
Mr. Whitmore is licensed to practice in both Washington and Oregon .
Antoinette Fleur illustrations are sumptuous !
Full of colors and details , her drawing style looks like she ’s just fast sketching …
Love it
10/28/09 : Scholastic has lifted the ban on Luv Ya Bunches at book fairs .
" Scholastic does not censor books .
We review thousands of titles each year for our book clubs and book fairs , and we are committed to a review process that considers all books equally regardless of their inclusion of LGBT characters and same sex parents .
In an interview with School Library Journal , Scholastic stated that we are currently carrying Luv Ya Bunches by Lauren Myracle in our school book clubs .
We also said we were still reviewing the book for possible inclusion in our book fairs .
Having completed our review of Luv Ya Bunches , Scholastic Book Fairs will carry the title in our spring fairs for middle school .
Scholastic is proud of our long history of providing books that will appeal to the wide range of interests and reading abilities of children in the many diverse cultures and communities we serve .
Luv Ya Bunches is just one example " ( On Our Minds ) .
The company sent a letter to the editor asking the author to omit certain words such as “ geez , ” “ crap , ” “ sucks , ” and “ God ” ( as in , “ oh my God ” ) and to alter its plot line to include a heterosexual couple .
The author Lauren Myracle agreed to get rid of the offensive language “ with the goal — as always — of making the book as available to as many readers as possible , ” but the deal breaker was changing Milla ’s two moms ( School Library Journal ) .
10/23/09 : Scholastic has decided to censor Lauren Myracle ’s new book Luv Ya Bunches ( Abrams / Amulet , 2009 ) do to its language and homosexual content .
Contact Scholastic and tell them that kids with LGBT parents deserve equal representation .
You can also tweet them here H/T to Family Equality Council for the activist alert .
[ Physics FAQ ] - [ Copyright ]
Original by Philip Gibbs May 1997 .
Why is the sky blue ?
A clear cloudless day - time sky is blue because molecules in the air scatter blue light from the sun more than they scatter red light .
When we look towards the sun at sunset , we see red and orange colours because the blue light has been scattered out and away from the line of sight .
The white light from the sun is a mixture of all colours of the rainbow .
This was demonstrated by Isaac Newton , who used a prism to separate the different colours and so form a spectrum .
The colours of light are distinguished by their different wavelengths .
The visible part of the spectrum ranges from red light with a wavelength of about 720 nm , to violet with a wavelength of about 380 nm , with orange , yellow , green , blue and indigo between .
The three different types of colour receptors in the retina of the human eye respond most strongly to red , green and blue wavelengths , giving us our colour vision .
Tyndall Effect
The first steps towards correctly explaining the colour of the sky were taken by John Tyndall in 1859 .
He discovered that when light passes through a clear fluid holding small particles in suspension , the shorter blue wavelengths are scattered more strongly than the red .
This can be demonstrated by shining a beam of white light through a tank of water with a little milk or soap mixed in .
From the side , the beam can be seen by the blue light it scatters ; but the light seen directly from the end is reddened after it has passed through the tank .
The scattered light can also be shown to be polarised using a filter of polarised light , just as the sky appears a deeper blue through polaroid sun glasses .
This is most correctly called the Tyndall effect , but it is more commonly known to physicists as Rayleigh scattering — after Lord Rayleigh , who studied it in more detail a few years later .
He showed that the amount of light scattered is inversely proportional to the fourth power of wavelength for sufficiently small particles .
It follows that blue light is scattered more than red light by a factor of ( 700/400 ) 4 ~= 10 .
Dust or Molecules ?
Tyndall and Rayleigh thought that the blue colour of the sky must be due to small particles of dust and droplets of water vapour in the atmosphere .
Even today , people sometimes incorrectly say that this is the case .
Later scientists realised that if this were true , there would be more variation of sky colour with humidity or haze conditions than was actually observed , so they supposed correctly that the molecules of oxygen and nitrogen in the air are sufficient to account for the scattering .
The case was finally settled by Einstein in 1911 , who calculated the detailed formula for the scattering of light from molecules ; and this was found to be in agreement with experiment .
He was even able to use the calculation as a further verification of Avogadro 's number when compared with observation .
The molecules are able to scatter light because the electromagnetic field of the light waves induces electric dipole moments in the molecules .
Why not violet ?
If shorter wavelengths are scattered most strongly , then there is a puzzle as to why the sky does not appear violet , the colour with the shortest visible wavelength .
The spectrum of light emission from the sun is not constant at all wavelengths , and additionally is absorbed by the high atmosphere , so there is less violet in the light .
Our eyes are also less sensitive to violet .
That 's part of the answer ; yet a rainbow shows that there remains a significant amount of visible light coloured indigo and violet beyond the blue .
The rest of the answer to this puzzle lies in the way our vision works .
We have three types of colour receptors , or cones , in our retina .
They are called red , blue and green because they respond most strongly to light at those wavelengths .
As they are stimulated in different proportions , our visual system constructs the colours we see .
Response curves for the three types of cone in the human eye
When we look up at the sky , the red cones respond to the small amount of scattered red light , but also less strongly to orange and yellow wavelengths .
The green cones respond to yellow and the more strongly scattered green and green - blue wavelengths .
The blue cones are stimulated by colours near blue wavelengths , which are very strongly scattered .
If there were no indigo and violet in the spectrum , the sky would appear blue with a slight green tinge .
But the most strongly scattered indigo and violet wavelengths stimulate the red cones slightly as well as the blue , which is why these colours appear blue with an added red tinge .
The net effect is that the red and green cones are stimulated about equally by the light from the sky , while the blue is stimulated more strongly .
This combination accounts for the pale sky blue colour .
It may not be a coincidence that our vision is adjusted to see the sky as a pure hue .
We have evolved to fit in with our environment ; and the ability to separate natural colours most clearly is probably a survival advantage .
A multicoloured sunset over the Firth of Forth in Scotland .
Sunsets
When the air is clear the sunset will appear yellow , because the light from the sun has passed a long distance through air and some of the blue light has been scattered away .
If the air is polluted with small particles , natural or otherwise , the sunset will be more red .
Sunsets over the sea may also be orange , due to salt particles in the air , which are effective Tyndall scatterers .
The sky around the sun is seen reddened , as well as the light coming directly from the sun .
This is because all light is scattered relatively well through small angles — but blue light is then more likely to be scattered twice or more over the greater distances , leaving the yellow , red and orange colours .
A blue haze over the mountains of Les Vosges in France .
Blue Haze and Blue Moon
Clouds and dust haze appear white because they consist of particles larger than the wavelengths of light , which scatter all wavelengths equally ( Mie scattering ) .
But sometimes there might be other particles in the air that are much smaller .
Some mountainous regions are famous for their blue haze .
Aerosols of terpenes from the vegetation react with ozone in the atmosphere to form small particles about 200 nm across , and these particles scatter the blue light .
A forest fire or volcanic eruption may occasionally fill the atmosphere with fine particles of 500 – 800 nm across , being the right size to scatter red light .
This gives the opposite to the usual Tyndall effect , and may cause the moon to have a blue tinge since the red light has been scattered out .
This is a very rare phenomenon , occurring literally once in a blue moon .
Opalescence
The Tyndall effect is responsible for some other blue colorations in nature : such as blue eyes , the opalescence of some gem stones , and the colour in the blue jay 's wing .
The colours can vary according to the size of the scattering particles .
When a fluid is near its critical temperature and pressure , tiny density fluctuations are responsible for a blue coloration known as critical opalescence .
People have also copied these natural effects by making ornamental glasses impregnated with particles , to give the glass a blue sheen .
But not all blue colouring in nature is caused by scattering .
Light under the sea is blue because water absorbs longer wavelength of light through distances over about 20 metres .
When viewed from the beach , the sea is also blue because it reflects the sky , of course .
Some birds and butterflies get their blue colorations by diffraction effects .
Why is the Martian sky red ?
Images sent back from the Viking Mars landers in 1977 and from Pathfinder in 1997 showed a red sky seen from the Martian surface .
This was due to red iron - rich dusts thrown up in the dust storms occurring from time to time on Mars .
The colour of the Martian sky will change according to weather conditions .
It should be blue when there have been no recent storms , but it will be darker than the earth 's daytime sky because of Mars ' thinner atmosphere .
The second episode of the fourth season ofairs tonight on adultswim .
Entitled " Handsome Ransom , " it was the first script we wrote for this season -- back when we still thought we'd be doing 13 episodes straight through and starting production immediately after pre-production of season 3 finished .... Which also means it was written when Michael Jackson was still alive ... Too soon ?
Anyway , those who were confused or annoyed by last week 's convoluted premiere can relax ... this one 's a pretty straight forward comic ransom romp .
It picks up a little while after the events of the premiere , and it's got The Monarch in it .
So you wo n't have to think too hard and you can watch it all regular and just enjoy it and stuff .
Assuming the network actually shows both halves of it .
We Love You , JPKevin " Batman " Conroy guest stars in this episode , and he was a total joy to work with .
A real pro who was game for whatever we threw at him and , if anything , almost got a littleinto the role .
A Georgia Pastor was mistakenly killed in the a police drug string operation :
STEPHENS COUNTY , Ga. —
A pastor was shot and killed following a drug sting in Stephens County , Ga. , on Tuesday , and the officers involved and friends of the pastor are giving different versions of what led up to the shooting .
The Stephens County coroner confirmed that 28 - year - old Jonathan Ayers was pronounced dead at Stephens County Hospital on Tuesday .
Ayers , a father - to - be , was the pastor of the Shoal Creek Baptist Church .
He maintained a personal blog linked off the church ’s Web page , jonathanayers.blogspot.com .
Sheriff Randy Shirley said that officers had been involved in an undercover drug sting at an unnamed establishment in Toccoa .
He said the target of the sting was a passenger in Ayers ’ car .
Shirley said Ayers dropped the woman off and went to the Shell station .
He said the officers followed Ayers there .
hirley said , outside the Shell station , the plain - clothes officers identified themselves with a badge .
The officers said that Ayers put his car in reverse and struck and agent .
They said they opened fire on Ayers when he drove toward the second officer .
Two shots were fired in the car , one hit Ayers .
The officers said Ayers sped away and crashed about a half mile from the Shell station .
They said they found him conscious and alert , but he died a short time later .
The woman who was the subject of the drug sting was arrested , but police are not identifying her yet .
She is charged with selling cocaine .
Other charges against her are pending .
Investigators said they did not find drugs in Ayers ’ car .
“ They deserve punishment , ” said Ayers ’ sister , Rebecca Floyd .
“ They deserve to feel somewhat of the pain we ’re feeling , because I ca n’t get my brother back he ’s gone forever . ”
Just a quick note on the GDP report .
Obviously , 3.5 percent growth is a lot better than shrinkage .
But it ’s not enough — not remotely enough — to make any real headway against the unemployment problem .
Here ’s the scatterplot of annual growth versus annual changes in the unemployment rate over the past 60 years :
BEA , BLS
Basically , we ’d be lucky if growth at this rate brought unemployment down by half a percentage point per year .
At this rate , we would n’t reach anything that feels like full employment until well into the second Palin administration .
On a planet past its prime , a few settlers on the wrong side of a failed gold rush are desperately clinging to survival .
There is hope , but not much , in the form of a recently discovered alien vault .
Of course , with wild mutants and bandits roaming the land , crossing the street can kill you .
Questing for what may be an ephemeral reward ?
Uh , no .
This is the world of Borderlands , and we 've had the pleasure of exploring it for the past few weeks .
The verdict ?
Load up on guns , bring a friend .
2K Games sent over a preview disc with a few hours of gameplay , and the cell - shading - meets - Mad - Max graphic style is a nice change from the hyper - realistic gray and black style we 've become used to in games like Gears of War .
The game also has a sick , winking sense of humor : a robot who explains the lay of the land at the game 's beginning spends his time absent - mindedly humping the air , and runs screaming at the first sign of danger .
You can play as one of four characters , each of which is a familiar archetype .
Mordecai , the sniper .
Roland , the soldier .
Lilith , the magic user .
Brick , the tank .
You pick one to play , and the other three can be used by other players with the game 's drop - in , drop - out multiplayer .
Co-op is a go , and seems to be the way to play the game , but arenas pepper the landscape and allow players the ability to test their skills and weaponry against one other .
And make no mistake , this is a game about weaponry .
We need guns .
Millions of guns
The game promises to deliver literally millions of procedurally generated guns .
I can't speak to that , since our demo was limited to the first 15 character levels or so .
Basic types of guns mixed with buffs and scopes and effects mean that you never really know what you 're going to get as you fight your way across the barren countryside .
My favorite ?
The Ladyfinger , a handgun with a scope stronger than many sniper rifles that 's fully automatic .
Plus , it 's red .
I 'll also cop to falling in love with a handgun that carries a chance to set enemies on fire .
When you hit an enemy , you see how many points of damage you inflict , perfect for the RPG fan who lives by the numbers .
You can also upgrade your favorites at automated ammo and gun vending machines you find around the landscape .
The game features an elegant way to increase proficiency with your weapons ; simply use shotguns primarily to upgrade your shottie skills .
Want to be the perfect sniper ?
Stick to your sniper rifle while out in the field .
With so many guns , ammunition could be a problem , but the game deftly sidesteps that issue by making the weapons class - based .
There may be hundreds of thousands of variations on handguns , but the handgun rounds will work in all of them .
Constantly checking the weapons you gain for special effects and power is one of the chief joys of the game .
One shotgun I found fired a long line of energy - based projectiles that moved in a wave - like motion .
Looks like I have a way to clear rooms .
If you loved the loot - collecting aspect of Diablo — and make no mistake , this is a First - Person love letter to Diablo — you 're going to be in heaven here .
Roll with a friend and liven up the quests
The quests we played tended to fall into the " go here , kill X of Y , and return the trophy to me " variety , although the game hinted at a wider story in a way I wo n't discuss here .
Death also carried a very light penalty ; you lose some money , you get sent back to a spawning station , and you 're back in the fight .
In fact , despite my gamer - like lust for the science - fiction weaponry and Gunslinger - light setting , the game started to drag on relatively quickly .
That is , until I grabbed another gaming writer who happened to have the same preview code .
The netcode was tight , with very little lag in the game we played , and playing the game in co-op was much more enjoyable .
Ambushed by a pack of Skags , four - pawed animals that attack like coyote lizards , my companion dropped into an invisible mode to confuse them , I dropped my turret to do damage while I gained some space , and switched to my flaming rounds to set a few of the lower - level skags on fire .
As they burned , I threw a few grenades at the " Badass Skag , " seemingly the pack 's leader .
Once they were all taken care of , we divided up the loot and went about our way .
Playing with other people added quite the tactical punch to the game , and allowed you to explore your special abilities and take on missions together .
Again , this is very much like a first - person Diablo ; if you have a tight group of gaming friends , you may have found your next addiction .
Just for fun , the other writer and I jumped into an arena to see who had the best guns and to play his teleportation ability against my turret .
Good stuff .
One to watch
The guns pack a punch , and everyone will find something to like .
Knowing how hard you 're hitting your targets means you can easily see how powerful each gun is in practice and allows you to perfect your arsenal , and the game earns its M-rating with some delightful ultra-violence .
The world of Borderlands may be a lonely place to tackle by yourself , but once the main story gets going that problem may be alleviated somewhat .
Our recommendation for when the game comes out on October 20 on the 360 , PS3 , and PC ?
Find some friends and bust some skulls .
Listing image by 2 K Games
It looks like Wikipedia is actually at the center of the recent copyright kerfluffle of the photographer ( Richard Giles ) who got a legal threat from the International Olympics Committee ( IOC ) over licensing his images from the Beijing Olympics under Creative Commons licenses .
Giles explains the situation on his blog :
It turns out that my Usain Bolt photo was being used by a book shop in the UK to advertise the launch of the Guinness Book of Records 2010 .
This was being done without my knowledge , and as they pointed out , in breach of the license granted on the Olympic ticket .
That photo was the only one of 293 in the set on Flickr that was licensed with a ShareAlike license ( allowing commercial use ) rather than a non-commercial license , and Giles had relicensed that particular photo at the request of another Flickrite so that it could be uploaded to Wikimedia Commons and used on Wikipedia .
And Wikipedia is probably where that UK merchant found it and , assuming the license to be legitimate , used it ( so it would seem ) under the terms of the free license .
Giles reports that it looks like the IOC really just objects to licensing that allows commercial use .
Depending on what the IOC says in response to his request for clarification , Giles may be changing the license on that Usain Bolt photo and asking the UK merchant to stop using it .
What happens now ?
By buying a ticket to the Olympics , Giles ’ appears to have ( implicitly at least ) agreed to terms and conditions that say he wo n’t use photos from the games except for private purposes .
But he does own the copyright to the Bolt photo , and therefore ought to ( except for those terms and conditions ) be able to license it however he likes .
Will the fine print of an Olympics ticket be strong enough to force Wikimedia ( which agreed to no terms and conditions ) to stop using the photo and offering it to other downstream users ?
Just how did we get to $ 59.99 for the cost of a new game , anyway ?
Collusion ?
Happenstance ?
For a sector that mimics Hollywood 's studio model , the answer is about as simple - and clear - as why tickets cost $ 10 .
Advertisement
Crispy Gamer 's David Thomas went searching for who decided on the $ 60 standard and more or less found no one in the industry specifically responsible .
Which defies logic , as someone or some thing had to be the first .
But when the decision was made , it was n't tackled from the front - i.e. , Company X made Y game , its production and marketing costs were Z , and profit A on top of that gives us price B. Publishers pick a price point and then work backward to justify a game , and the $ 10 allows them to justify more .
But the influx of downloadable games at much lower price points raises a new question :
Are video games on the whole overpriced ?
Or are they underpriced ?
And if no one forced the $ 60 question , why do gamers accept it ?
You may not like the answers .
The 60 - Buck Dilemma [ Crispy Gamer , Sept. 23 , 2009 . ]
The same argument could be applied to the movies : Movie tickets have increased because special effects cost more and Brad Pitt earns more and , gee , those nice seats at the theaters cost more .
Of course , the price tag reflects a focus on the kind of fun big budgets deliver ; and bigger - is - better dominates the public imagination .
" Ultimately , what we collectively found was that we 've modeled a hits - driven business , not unlike film ; and the massive downside to that structure is that it marginalizes the art - house products — the more risky or out - of - the - box games , " [ says the Entertainment Consumer Association president Hal Halpin . ]
" But that 's also our roots , where we 've come from .
Really compelling , fun and great games that did n't cost an arm and a leg to produce , or to buy . "
In other words , Brad Pitt and Michael Bay sell tickets .
Hollywood is about stars and explosions , and the economics of box - office ticket sales tend to revolve around those needs .
In games , Uncharted 2 : Among
Thieves costs $ 60 because it cost millions to make .
So Braid either needs to make the $ 60 argument or pick up and move into the Xbox Live Marketplace .
To [ analyst Jesse ]
Divnich , videogame math means something a little different .
" Either one is overpriced or the other is underpriced — and because games that only offer 20 to 30 hours of gameplay still sell incredibly well , I 'd argue the latter .
Some games offer such a value that they are clearly underpriced . "
" I 've always felt that pricing in our industry was completely arbitrary .
Since few have challenged these price points , they 've become cemented as a standard in consumers ' minds ; and deviating from the standard can be met with serious recourse , " says Divnich .
Drop the price on a game below $ 59.99 and it must mean the game 's no good , or it 's old , or it's on some second - rate system .
Perrier does n't cost more than gasoline per gallon because it springs from some fairy well , and BMW does n't charge a premium over a similar Lexus model because of some alien tech discovered during the war .
Both bottled water and premium sports cars cost a lot in part because the people that buy them expect them to cost a lot .
Translated into the game world , fans have pretty much drunk the pricing Kool - Aid and figure games cost what they cost .
" Because consumers are cemented on the $ 60 price point , " says Divnich , " The only way publishers can deviate from the standard pricing is by offering peripheral - based products and over - the - top special editions ( e.g. , Call of Duty , Guitar Hero , Rock Band ) .
Which , I may add , have been tremendously successful . "
That 's right , Joe Gamer , it 's entirely possible that games cost $ 60 because some executive , at some point , thought it would be funny to raise the average price of a game by $ 10 and no one complained .
And we kept lining up at the game store with three twenties and a sock of loose change for sales tax .
- David Thomas
Advertisement
Weekend Reader is Kotaku 's look at the critical thinking in , and of video games .
It appears Saturdays at noon .
Please take the time to read the full article cited before getting involved in the debate here .
The FBU condemns Israel for its offensive in Gaza in January UK union leaders have been forced to suspend a debate on calls for a boycott of Israeli goods after heated exchanges between senior officials .
The issue has divided the movement and led to acrimonious scenes at the annual TUC congress in Liverpool .
Delegates were due to vote on the proposed boycott motion , put forward by the Fire Brigades Union , on Thursday .
The GMB has called the move " divisive " but the motion has the support of the powerful Unite and Unison unions .
' Illogical '
The BBC 's employment correspondent Martin Shankleman said the issue had led to an angry confrontation between TUC General Secretary Brendan Barber and Unite leader Derek Simpson .
As well as a boycott , the motion calls for a ban on imported goods from " illegal Israeli settlements in the occupied territories " , an end to arms sales to Israel and the suspension of official links between British and Israeli trade unions .
Senior GMB official Paul Kenny said the proposal was " incredibly divisive " , describing it as " way beyond the logic of where we should be " .
But the Fire Brigade Union 's Mick Shaw said there was strong support for the move among Palestinian people and it would put pressure on Israel over its military offensive in Gaza in January .
Palestinians and human rights groups say more than 1,400 Gazans were killed during the three - week operation .
Israel puts the figure at 1,166 .
Israel 's deputy ambassador in London said such a move would not help prospects of peace in the region .
" It will only harm workers in our area , " Talya Lador - Fresher told BBC Radio 4's Today programme .
" It will harm both Palestinian workers , 50,000 of which are working in Israel and the West Bank , and it will also harm Israeli workers .
It may even backfire and harm British workers in this country because boycotts have a tendency to work both ways . "
The TUC General Council decided to support the motion on Tuesday and put it to a vote of delegates .
However , our correspondent said the controversy around the subject may mean that Thursday 's vote will be fudged .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
These speedos come equipped with a special sleeve that will help you contain your boner without having it pop out of your bathing suit .
You 'll never be embarrassed at the beach again !
Thanks for the tip , Jason .
No , seriously , thanks .
The burning question about precisely where a person can smoke these days is flaring up again in Ontario , where a 48 - year - old trucker faces a $ 305 fine for lighting up on the job : while driving his big rig along Canada 's busiest highway .
The man , who hails from London , Ont. , was headed for Windsor when he was pulled over Wednesday along Highway 401 and given a ticket under the Smoke - Free Ontario Act .
The law , considered a Canadian standard - setter when it was passed in 2006 , forbids smoking in all workplaces and enclosed public spaces , including buildings , structures or vehicles worked in or frequented by employees , according to the government 's website .
" Examples of an enclosed workplace include the inside of a trailer office on a construction site , the inside of a loading dock , or the inside of a delivery truck , " the site says .
Ontario Provincial Police Const .
Shawna Coulter said the law is very explicit about what constitutes a workplace .
" It says the inside of any place , building , structure or vehicle that is part of the employee 's workplace , which if you 're driving a truck for long periods of time – that becomes your workplace . "
The driver , whose name was not released , could have good reason to fight the ticket in court , said Doug Switzer , vice - president of the Ontario Trucking Association .
The provincial law ought not to apply in the case of federally regulated trucking companies that operate in other provinces or the United States , Switzer said – nor should it be brought to bear on truckers who own and operate their own rigs and work alone .
" It is a little complicated on the enforcement end because you 've got thousands of people from OPP , municipal police forces and health unit enforcement staff , not all of whom are versed in the subtle nuances of the trucking industry or the smoking legislation , " he said .
Julie Rosenberg , a spokeswoman for Ontario's Ministry of Health Promotion , refused to comment Thursday on whether or not the law would apply in the case of a truck belonging to a federally regulated company .
The first HIV vaccine to be called a success has stood up to scrutiny after further analysis of the data was presented today in Paris , France .
However , the new analysis also confirms that the optimistic claims , first made in September and viewed sceptically at the time , are indeed very modest .
Last month ’s announcement of success ( PDF ) was made by researchers from the US Military HIV Research Program ( MHRP ) .
They reported that their vaccine reduced the risk of infection by about 31 per cent in a trial in Thailand .
But it was not clear that the vaccine offered any protection because the result was based on very few cases : 51 of 8197 vaccinated individuals became infected with HIV compared with 74 of 8198 unvaccinated people , a difference of just 23 .
Advertisement
Bonus data
Today , at the AIDS Vaccine 2009 meeting in Paris , MHRP researchers presented the analysis underlying the result that they announced a month ago , plus two additional analyses of the raw data ( PDF ) .
These new analyses included people who had been excluded from the research results , such as those who did not take the six vaccine shots in the correct order .
In neither was the trend statistically significant .
After hearing the new results , Seth Berkley , chief executive of the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative , said , “ Certainly , there ’s some kind of signal there , ” but added , “ It ’s a modest effect . ”
He also says that the new results are interesting because they give novel insights into how the vaccine works over time .
Early effect
The risks of infection in the vaccinated group were reduced by around 60 per cent within a year , but by 30 months after vaccination the protective effect was only 36 per cent .
This resulted in a 31 per cent figure overall .
“ It looked like there ’s an early effect that wanes with time , ” said Berkley .
“ It may be that the vaccine generates only weak antibodies against HIV , and these are only effective early on . ”
Berkley says that further investigation of the mechanisms by which the vaccine worked would provide powerful new knowledge to guide selection of new , more potent vaccines .
Journal reference : New England Journal of Medicine , DOI : 10.1056/NEJMoa0908492
Police officers in Dallas , TX have issued at least 39 citations to drivers in the last three years for the non-existent infraction of not speaking English .
Police Chief David Kunkle has apologized publicly to the city ’s Spanish - speaking community .
“ I was stunned that this would happen , ” Kunkle stated .
“ In my world , you would never tell someone not to speak Spanish . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
All pending citations will be dismissed , fines will be returned , and the offices involved will be investigated for dereliction of duty .
The practice came to light in early October when Officer Gary Bromley , a rookie cop undergoing training , stopped Ernestina Mondragon for making an improper U - turn and then ticketed her for not speaking English .
The woman was so upset that her family wound up taking her to the emergency room .
“ ” I felt humiliated , ” Mondragon told the Associated Press in Spanish .
“ I wanted to cry but I could n’t .
The anger would n’t let me . ”
Mondragon ’s daughter Brenda explained to WFAA - TV News , “ At first I thought it was a joke .
We moved from California two years ago , so I thought maybe it ’s a law here .
After Mondragon went to court to challenge the ticket , the police reviewed their records and found 38 similar tickets written by six different officers .
ADVERTISEMENT
Dallas requires taxi drivers to be able to communicate in English , and a similar federal statute applies to commercial drivers , but there is no such requirement for private citizens .
Chief Kunkle suggested that the misunderstanding might have arisen when the federal statute was mentioned in instructions for a new electronic citation system .
According to WFAA , “ Brenda Mondragon said her mother is still learning English .
She added that she believes Officer Bromley — who is still in training — clearly needs more of it . “
Google seems to pay no heed to such psychology .
Google Finance , which was introduced in 2006 and shed its “ beta ” label earlier this year , hews to its original strategy : offer the best data and charts .
And when that does n’t work , offer still more data and charts .
Yahoo Finance is organized into sections : investing ; news and opinion ; personal finance ; customized portfolio tracking ; and “ Tech Ticker , ” short video features that have supplied an average of 450,000 streams a day in recent months , Yahoo says .
When you click on a link to a news story accompanied by a Tech Ticker video , it starts automatically and seems intended to insert a warm human presence on the page .
The video player is on one side of the page and is stationary ; the visitor scrolls down on the other side to read news articles .
“ It ’s made for multitasking , ” Mr. Pitaro said .
About 5 percent of the finance site ’s information is original , he said , though his group is looking at ways to increase that to about 10 percent , matching the proportion on Yahoo Sports .
Mr. Pitaro credited Yahoo’s home page with sending traffic to Yahoo Finance .
“ We have a great relationship with the front - page team to identify topics we should cover , ” he said .
An example of a “ featured ” story found last week on Yahoo ’s front page : “ Where Rich Singles Live , ” accompanied by a picture of an attractive young woman smiling at the camera while pulling papers out of a briefcase .
A click whisked the interested reader to Yahoo Finance .
Image James Pitaro of Yahoo says users become anxious if too much financial information is presented on a page .
Credit ... Jon Didier
Google does not use the mostly empty home page of the mothership to let visitors know that it has a finance site  some may not even know it exists .
( To reach it , a user must click on the word “ more ” at the top of the home page . )
But Google ’s finance site offers something rather basic that Yahoo does n’t : free real - time price quotations obtained directly from the New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq .
There are many different species of worms , but there are only a number of them that can be classified as weird , odd , or even bizarre .
These worms range in color and size .
Throughout this article , you will find thirteen of the weirdest looking worms found in the world .
Giant Blue Earthworm
This giant blue earthworm is a native to Borneo .
It is grey - blue in color and will grow up to 70 cm in length .
Like most earthworms , you are only able to spot them after a downpour of rain .
The Pig Butt Worm
This worm was discovered in 2007 .
It lives below the ocean ’s surface .
It is a segmented worm , it just so happens that the middle segment is flat and it causes the other segment to inflate and give it the distinct shape of a pig ’s butt .
Palouse Earthworm
This worm is native to Washington State and can even be found in certain parts of Idaho .
It was discovered in 1897 and will burrow into the Earth ’s surface as far down as fifteen feet .
This worm will grow up to three feet in length .
It is an albino worm and has been known to leave the scent of a lily .
If it feels threatened it will protect itself by spitting .
Red Mangrove Flatworm
These worms are only two to three centimeters in length .
They come in a dark red , maroon , or brown color with pale speckles .
They can be found living on the bottom of the ocean .
Olive Flatworm
This worm is often seen on seaweed or coral at the bottom of the sea .
They will be a greenish - brown in color and are often hard to distinguish because they are able to blend in so well with their dwelling .
They will only grow to between eight and ten centimeters in length .
Spoon Worms
This worm is often seen near the seagrass areas of the northern shore of Singapore .
These worms are not segmented but can grow up to ten centimeters in length .
The spoon part of its body is in front of the mouth and it will help in the gathering of its food .
Giant Tube Worms
This worm is found mainly in the Pacific Ocean and it is able to tolerate high levels of sulfur .
They can reach up to an outstanding seven feet in length .
This worm lives in a protective tube , where it will retract if it feels threatened .
Fire Worm
These worms can grow up to almost fourteen inches in length .
They have a set of poisonous bristles on either side of their body that will flare outward should they feel threatened .
Because it is one of the most colorful species of worms , it is often called the beautiful species .
Medusa Worm
These worms can be found in the Atlantic Ocean near Spain .
They survive on the methane provided by the mud volcanoes they live in .
They are often called the Spaghetti worm .
Being that it is a newer species , little is known about them .
Acorn Worm
It is called an acorn worm because the head of the body has an acorn shape with a collar behind it followed by a cylinder - shaped body .
These worms make their homes under the sea and have cilia that help them move .
They will produce a medicinal smell to ward off predators .
Feather Duster Worm
These worms live in coral reef and can be found in the murky waters .
They have what is called the feather duster portion of their body that conceals their actual head .
When they become scared then will retract the tentacle - like appendages in order to hide .
Peanut Worms
These worms can be found under the sea or living in the shells of hermit crabs , provided the hermit crab has move on .
They are not a segment species of worm .
They have a mouth that is surrounded by tentacles and can grow up to seven centimeters in length .
Gastrotrich
These worms are microscopic and will only live about three days .
They are found in freshwater environments .
They have a gland that will secrete a glue - like substance and a gland that will secrete a substance to get rid of the glue .
A nice feature of some template languages ( for instance , Django's ) is the ability to create templates that can be " inherited " by other templates .
In effect , the goal is to create a template that has some missing content , and let " inheritors " fill in that content downstream .
It 's not terribly difficult to add this feature to Rails ; let 's first design the API .
First , the parent template ( _parent.html.erb ) :
Before in parent <%= first_from_child %> <%= second_from_child %>
After in parent
We just use normal partial locals for the parent API , because they 're a well - understood construct and pretty easy to work with .
Next , the " subclass " ( _child.html.erb ) :
Before in child < % override_template ( " parent " ) do |template| -%> <% template.set_content(:first_from_child ) do -%>first_from_child <% end -%> < % template.set_content(:second_from_child ) do -%>second_from_child <% end -%> <% end -%>
After in child
Here , we use Ruby 's block syntax to create a context for supplying the content for the template .
We expect the following output :
Before in child Before in parent first_from_child second_from_child
After in parent After in child
There are two parts to this implementation .
First , let 's create the implementation for the override_template method that will be exposed onto ActionView : : Base :
module ActionView module InheritedTemplates class Collector end def override_template ( name , & block ) locals = Collector.collect( self , &block ) concat ( render : partial => name , : locals => locals ) end end class Base include InheritedTemplates end end
To start , we create the method , deferring the heavy lifting to the Collector .
collect method .
The API we 've designed asks #collect to hand back a Hash of locals , which we can pass unmodified into the " super " template .
The collector is a pretty straight - forward implementation , but it deserves some explanation :
class Collector def self.collect ( view ) collector = new ( view ) yield collector collector .
content end attr_reader : content def initialize ( view ) @view = view @content = {} end def set_content ( name , & block ) @content[ name ] = @view.capture ( &block ) end end def override_template ( name , &block ) locals = Collector.collect( self , &block ) concat ( render : partial => name , : locals => locals ) end
The first thing we do is define the collect method .
It 's a basic DSL implementation , creating an instance of itself and evaluating the block in its context .
In order to fully understand what 's going on here , you need to see what the block looks like , once it 's compiled from ERB into pure - Ruby :
override_template ( " parent " ) do |template| template.set_content(:first_from_child ) do ; @output_buffer << " first_from_child " ; end template.set_content(:second_from_child ) do ; @output_buffer << " second_from_child " ; end end
We start by creating a new collector , yielding the collector to the block passed to override_template .
Inside the block , template .
set_content is called twice ; each call sets a key and value in the @content Hash .
When done , the Hash will look like {:first_from_child => " first_from_child " , :second_from_child => " second_from_child "} .
The collector then returns the content Hash .
When that 's done , override_template simply passes that locals Hash through to render : partial , and concats the output to the buffer .
Afterthought
Those following my blog might remember that I showed how we can improve block helpers by smarter compilation .
If that fix was in place , here 's what _child .html.erb would look like :
Before in child < %= override_template ( " parent " ) do |template| -%> <% template.set_content(:first_from_child ) do -%>first_from_child <% end -%> < % template.set_content(:second_from_child ) do -%>second_from_child <% end -%> <% end -%>
After in child
More importantly , here 's what override_template would look like :
def override_template ( name , &block ) locals = Collector.collect( self , &block ) render : partial => name , : locals => locals end
We 're actually saved a bit of pain here in the unfixed case , because override_template can only be called from inside templates , so we do n't need to use block_called_from_erb ? to disambiguate .
Had this been a normal block helper , override_template would have looked like :
def override_template ( name , &block ) locals = Collector.collect( self , &block ) response = render ( : partial => name , : locals => locals ) if block_called_from_erb ?( &block ) concat( response ) else response end end
Of course , realizing all of this is non-trivial , and the reason we 're going to be moving toward the simple block helper syntax above .
A toxic cocktail of ultrafine particles is lurking inside road tunnels in concentration levels so high they have the potential to harm drivers and passengers , a new study has found .
The study , which has been published in Atmospheric Environment , measured ultrafine particle concentration levels outside a vehicle travelling through the M5 East tunnel in Sydney .
Study co-author and director of Queensland University of Technology 's International Laboratory for Air Quality and Health , Professor Lidia Morawska , said road tunnels were locations where maximum exposure to dangerous ultrafine particles in addition to other pollutants occurred .
" The human health effects of exposure to ultrafine particles produced by fuel combustion are generally regarded as detrimental , " Professor Morawska said .
" Effects can range from minor respiratory problems in healthy people , to acute myocardial infarction ( heart attack ) in people with existing heart complaints .
Professor Morawska said the study involved more than 300 trips through the four kilometres of the M5 East tunnel , with journeys lasting up to 26 minutes , depending on traffic congestion .
advertisement
" What this study aimed to do was identify the concentration levels found in the tunnel .
It generated a huge body of data on the concentrations and the results show that , at times , the levels are up to 1000 times higher than in urban ambient conditions , " she said .
She said drivers and occupants of new vehicles which had their windows closed were safer than people travelling in older vehicles .
" People who are driving older vehicles which are inferior in terms of tightness and also those riding motorcycles or driving convertibles , these people are exposed to incredibly high concentrations , " she said .
" When compared with similar studies reported previously , the measurements here were among the highest recorded concentrations , " she said .
Professor Morawska said tunnels were becoming an increasingly necessary infrastructure component in many cities across the world .
" When governments are building tunnels for urban design reasons , they should also consider the impact these tunnels are having on the environment and to people 's health , " she said .
" The study highlights why governments need to consider how they are going to deal with the air pollution levels inside the tunnel and removal of ultrafine particles in the outside environment . "
The study was conducted jointly by Professor Richard de Dear and his doctoral candidate , Mr Luke Knibbs from Macquarie University , in collaboration with Professor Morawska and Dr Kerrie Mengersen from QUT .
In what seems to be just the latest move in the ongoing US escalation in Afghanistan , Pentagon officials have indicated that they intend to swap out 14,000 support troops in favor of another 14,000 combat troops , which they called “ trigger pullers . ”
The move comes just days after it was reported that General Stanley McChrystal is planning to ask for another 20,000 combat troops , but does not appear to be a consequence of that , as officials say McChrystal may still request additional combat forces on top of this sometime soon .
The 14,000 non -combat troops which are being “ rotated out ” for this plan also does not really mean the number of forces on the ground will remain static , as the official said most of them would likely be replaced by additional private contractors .
NATO Secretary General Anders Rasmussen says that regardless of how poorly August ’s elections are perceived , the alliance remains committed to continuing and escalating the war as well .
He did however say he hoped the election , despite widespread fraud and intimidation , would be considered “ credible . ”
by
UPDATE : Just banned a commenter .
The admonition to “ stop wasting my time ” and “ leave the SBC ” was unacceptable .
New commenters - read FAQ section 10 please .
For the past two years , I ’ve been trying to get a single question answered :
What are the actual historical evidences , before Zwingli , for the Baptist view of the Lord ’s Supper ?
I ’ve asked this question high , low , in - between and everywhere I could get a hearing .
Long story short :
No answer .
If there are evidences , then someone needs to write a book , asap .
It ’s long overdue .
Now let ’s be clear what I am saying and not saying .
My reading of the New Testament is deeply shaped by my Baptist upbringing , and it ’s hard for me to read anything in any discussion of the Lord ’s Supper that is n’t a version of the Zwinglian position .
Baptists , at their best , such as in the Second London Baptist Confession , articulated a view quite similar to the language of John Calvin : in the Lord ’s Supper , we feed on Christ by faith .
As I have demonstrated in past posts here at IM ( See the Baptists category ) , I believe there are many confessional resources in the history of Baptists to articulate a richer , deeper theology of the Lord ’s Supper than what is commonly heard from Baptist pulpits : a deconstruction that virtually has taken the supper out of church life and the discipleship experience of most American Baptist Christians .
But I am not talking confessional resources , I am talking historical evidences , between the New Testament and Zwingli .
I have not changed my mind that Jesus inaugurated a re-imagined Passover meal , with the meaning changed to his own death on the cross as the ultimate Passover lamb .
I see nothing of any kind of transformation happening in any New Testament text on the Lord ’s Supper .
I do , however , see that Paul ’s words in I Corinthians , written before any of the Gospels , emphasize both the presence of Christ and fellowship with Christ .
The Didache , a second century document , describes the Lord ’s Supper in language that connects it to thankfulness for creation , remembrance of Jesus as the fulfillment of God ’s promises and an image of Jesus ’ eternal - life giving relationship to the church .
The Didache neither “ confirms nor denies ” any particular view of the Eucharist .
Evidence in its language can be used by every position .
Beyond the Didache , the evidence veers decisively to a recognition of the presence of Christ ’s body and blood in the eucharist .
The Baptist position requires that the early church go decisively wrong in a critical matter following the second century , with not only no dissenting majority , but no dissenting minority .
Until Zwingli , the historical evidence for the Baptist position is restricted to interpretation of the New Testament and the Didache .
I am not opposed to seeing the church as mistaken when the evidence is persuasive .
I believe the early church did go off track in some significant ways in the later second century .
I believe the evidence from respected scholars such as Everett Ferguson , G.R. Beasley - Murray and David Wright , as well as ecumenical documents on the history of baptism , all indicate that infant baptism developed in the second century .
While there are various theological ways to interpret this development , I see no evidence that infant baptism and its accompanying theological justification is anything other than reasonable second century developments .
But I do not see this development with the Lord ’s Supper .
The evidence that I see at this point has convinced me that something more like the eucharist as it is celebrated among Lutherans and Anglicans is more faithful to the Biblical evidence AND the historical evidence as well .
This has nothing to do with the Baptist celebration of the Supper or my participation in it .
It is only a comment on the evidence in history for the Zwinglian position .
COMMENT RULES : 1 ) We wo n’t be arguing the Catholic view of the Eucharist .
2 ) We can discuss the POST .
3 ) I ’m not going to be involved in a debate .
4 ) Do n’t make this a big deal .
It ’s a matter of historical evidence and that ’s it .
I ’m not going to any other denomination .
I ’m just fine as who I am : A Baptist with a Catholic wife , Anglican Children , a Presbyterian interim pastorate and a gig with the Mennonites next weekend .
It ’s fun being me .
5 ) I want to know if there are any significant differences in the Lutheran / Anglican view of the Eucharist , aside from closed communion .
Genesis of the project
The Reactable was the first big project developed by this team , which at this time was integrated by Sergi Jordà , Günter Geiger , Martin Kaltenbrunner and Marcos Alonso .
The project started in February 2003 , with the ambitious goal of developing the best computer - based musical instrument we could imagine , without being necessarily constrained by any predefined technology .
In that sense , the Reactable really started from a concept , and not from a technology .
First we decided what to do , and later we discovered how to do it .
The completion of all the technologies needed for the correct conclusion of the project ( such as the tracking system reacTIVision ) , came luckily all along the Reactable 's development process ( the starting ideas for the project are described in this kick - off internal document from February 2003 ) .
Since 2009 , the commercialization and further development of the Reactable music instrument in all its forms ( tabletop , mobile apps , etc. ) is being carried by the spin - off company Reactable Systems .
