Look I do n't want to freak you out , since Tamiflu is the one thing which everyone believes will save us from Parmageddon , but I 've been reading through the published trial data on the drug , and I 'm not sure it 's all that great .
The Cochrane Library is one of the greatest inventions of modern humankind .
It 's all very well to do a trial , or lots of little trials , but one trial , simply by chance , might give a false negative , incorrectly missing a true benefit from an effective treatment ; or one trial might falsely find a benefit from an ineffective treatment , either by chance , or because the study was designed so badly that it not longer represented a " fair test " of the intervention , against whatever you were comparing it to .
The Cochrane Library is an international non-profit collaboration of academics that brings together all the evidence on a given question , using a predetermined standard method for seeking out information , assessing its quality and combining it into one giant report .
They 're slightly turgid , and they are considered by medics and academics to be pretty much the best quality evidence available .
Handily , there is a Cochrane review on Tamiflu , and a similar drug called Relenza .
In reality the drugs ' names are oseltamivir and zanamivir , but for some reason the media always use the original manufacturers ' brand names instead of the generic , a bit like calling all ibuprofen tablets Nurofen , or all aspirin tablets Disprin .
After a few years all medicines come out of patent , at which point anyone can manufacture them , but if everyone is used to the brand name rather than the generic then the original company has an advantage .
The review on oseltamivir and zanamivir was done several years ago , but reviews are frequently updated in the Cochrane Library because evidence changes .
This review was redone in 2006 , and again in May 2008 .
The reviewers asked two questions : do these drugs treat flu ?
And do they prevent it ?
The time in which flu symptoms were alleviated was assessed by nine trials .
The group treated with zanamivir were 24 % more likely to have their flu symptoms alleviated than the placebo group , at a given time point .
For oseltamivir the figure was 20 % .
It 's alright .
I 'd take it .
It 's just not amazing .
The NICE review from February 2009 looks at similar data , and analyses it in a different way , giving you the absolute time to recovery , which is a little easier to understand .
Overall , oseltamivir reduced the average time to alleviation of symptoms by 0.68 days .
For zanamivir , the figure was 0.71 days .
The prevention studies are a bit more exciting .
Although patients had less of the virus on board , neither drug stopped patients from being infectious .
In fact , neither had a protective effect at all against influenza - like illness , or asymptomatic influenza , even at higher doses .
For preventing someone catching symptomatic influenza , the results were more impressive .
A 75 mg daily dose of oseltamivir was 61 % effective compared with a placebo , and 73 % effective when the daily dose was 150 mg , while Relenza was 62 % effective .
In trials where researchers were looking at the prevention of influenza in households where someone was already infected , the drugs were also pretty good .
I would take these drugs .
Things might be different in a pandemic , and the Cochrane review recommends them in such circumstances .
If they make my symptoms less severe then I 'm guessing I 'm less likely to die , and they might reduce the spread of the disease throughout a whole country .
But they 're not a miracle cure , and if this is worrying to you , that just shows how ill - equipped we are to consider the risk .
For the question of whether we 'll see a pandemic , things are so up in the air that it 's not possible to quantify the probability of such an event occurring .
We do have numerical risk data which gives an indication of the chances of getting better , but we have to accept that modern medicine is all about cutting the risks and probabilities to achieve the best possible outcome .
And after all that , if you got swine flu , you might still die .
Which would be seriously rubbish .
• This article was amended on 21 May 2009 .
The original referred to medicines coming out of " copyright " .
This has been corrected .
If you have access to a ssh server you can easily tunnel your web browsing and newsgroup / IRC activity to make sure that your IP is never associated with that .. stuff you do .
You can basically tunnel any port through the any ssh server .
These methods can be used to build up complex chains that are almost impossible to track .
To tunnel your basic browsing through a ssh “ proxy ” use this command :
ssh -D 8080 - p 22 codytaylor@someserver.com
I used port 8080 instead of the default 80 becuase I run a webserver on my local machine and I did n’t want to mess that up .
The -D in the command specifies a local dynamic application - level port forwarding which creates a socket to listen to the specified port on the local machine .
Ancy connections made to this local port are forwarded over the secure channel .
This makes it easily possible to forward all web traffic on the local system through the secure channel by setting up a simple iptables rule :
–iptables -A PREROUTING
-t nat - i eth0 - p tcp –dport 80 -j REDIRECT –to - port 8080
If you want to set up a secure ssh tunnel to connect to a specific newsgroup server you can use this command :
sudo ssh - N -p 22 codytaylo@sshserver.net -f -L 443:111.111.111.111:443
The -L specifies that the given port on the local client is to be forwarded to the given host and port on the remote side .
This is basically a very specific instruction that tells all traffic that is directed to localhost at port 443 ( 119 if you do n’t like double encryption ) to go to the ip address 111.111.111.111:443 .
Note : I could n’t get this to work with domains for some reason .
The - N tells ssh to not execute any remote commands .
So you do not get the annoying ssh session stuff that makes you leave the terminal open .
The -f tells ssh to go into the background .
Is that plain old Vista or XP desktop background boring you to death ?
Do you ever wish you could step it up a notch and show some love for Halo 3 in the process ?
Well now you can with some help from Lifehacker reader rykennedyan .
He craftily modified the Rainmeter customizable application for Windows , with a Halo 3 kick of course .
Almost every element on the HUB has an actual function .
Click the jump to see the configuration overview …
Grenades – Each grenade launches a specific application .
I currently have them set to , from left to right , Pidgin , Steam , Foobar , and Firefox .
Power Drainer – Opens a Shutdown menu .
You can choose Shutdown , Restart , and Sleep
Health Bar – Displays current track progress , with artist and title above it .
Battle Rifle and Ammo Count – Displays current unread message count from Gmail and the Battlerifle opens Gmail .
Ammo Clip – Top clip is download traffic ; bottom clip is upload traffic .
Radar –
As of now , all this does is download and save an image for the local radar from Weather Underground .
I ’m currently editing a GIMP script which will automatically crop and edit the picture to display properly upon download .
What you see here is the intended look .
It also displays the current temperature .
Time and Game Type – Display current time and date .
Blue Score and Red Score – Display current CPU and RAM usage .
Player Callsigns –
These behave just like my TweetScanner skin .
Battlerifle Ammo Count – Displays current battery status ; it displays 0 in this picture because I ’m using my desktop which is not on a battery .
Also , the visor outline is done in Rainmeter as well .
Kudos for the original concept .
This is one of the more unique ways I ’ve seen Windows skinning put to use .
Too bad the snapshot was n’t of a headshot or some poor soul running around with a sticky grenade stuck to his back .
But this will do :-)
I can hear the sound of Jeffrey rushing to book a plane ticket .
Or at least asking his programme assistant to do so .
From the NYT :
A senior Chinese naval officer said that China would unveil its nuclear submarines to the public on Thursday as part of an international review of the country ’s naval fleet “ aimed at promoting understanding about China ’s military development , ” according to a report by Xinhua , the state news agency .
The appearance of the submarines , in the northeastern port city of Qingdao , would be the first time that China had publicly shown the vessels .
They are among the most powerful ships in the Chinese Navy .
The officer , Vice Adm .
Ding Yiping , deputy commander of the Chinese Navy , told Xinhua in an interview on Monday that “ suspicions about China ’s being a ‘ threat ’ to world security are mostly because of misunderstandings and lack of understandings about China . ”
He added , “ the suspicions would disappear if foreign counterparts could visit the Chinese Navy and know about the true situations . ”
( CNN ) -- Amir was a salesman before being arrested and taken to the infamous Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq in 2003 .
During his time there , he says , he was forced to lay down in urine and feces , stay naked in his cell for days , and " howl like dogs do " while being pulled by a dog leash .
According to his accounts , he was also sodomized with a broomstick and had his genitals stepped on .
A U.S. miliary guard stands inside the Camp V area at the U.S. Naval Base in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in 2006 .
After his release from Abu Ghraib in November 2004 -- without being charged -- he had a slew of physical and psychological ailments , including symptoms of post - traumatic stress disorder , according to Dr. Allen Keller , director of the Bellevue / NYU Program for Survivors of Torture .
Keller testified at a U.S. Helsinki Commission briefing in July 2008 .
" It 's like in my head I have never left Abu Ghraib , " Keller says Amir told doctors .
Keller and his colleagues testified they found physical and psychological evidence of what they called " torture " during medical evaluations of former detainees of the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq and the military detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
President Obama denounced " brutal methods " of interrogation in a national security speech Thursday , asserting they undermine the United States ' war and counter - terrorism efforts and " alienate us in the world . "
In January , he issued an executive order banning torture , and plans to shut down the Guantanamo Bay detention center .
Some scars do n't show
The psychological effects of torture can often be worse than the physical effects , said Ellen Gerrity , assistant professor of psychiatry at Duke University and co-editor of " The Mental Health Consequences of Torture . "
Watch more on the psychological and physical effects of torture »
Do n't Miss Obama defends plan to close Gitmo
" The psychological symptoms can often be worse in the sense that person can never recover from that , and may in the end , be in such despair and pain that they take their own lives , especially if they do n't have treatment or support around them , " she said .
Experts say torture victims can develop post - traumatic stress disorder , depression , and symptoms such as social withdrawal , confusion and sleep problems .
They may also show an impaired immune system and have a higher incidence of cancer , said Rosa Garcia - Peltoniemi , senior consulting clinician at the Center for Victims of Torture in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Clients at the Center for Victims of Torture show a high rate of head injury , which can lead to neurological symptoms and other dysfunction , she said .
Other physical symptoms include headaches , dizziness , faintness , weakness , chest pain , tachycardia ( racing heart ) , trembling , joint and soft tissue damage , stomach problems and digestive problems , Garcia - Peltoniemi said .
The mistrust survivors feel may even carry over to the next generation , with children observing their parents keeping secrets and feeling shame , Gerrity said .
" It 's very hard to regain a sense of trust in the world , and in the environment , even [ in ] themselves if forced to participate in actions that they are ashamed of and would never have done , " she said .
Treating the aftermath of torture
Treatment centers across the U.S. are starting to offer assistance to survivors of torture .
The Center for Victims of Torture , the first center of its kind in the United States , offers psychological services such as individual and group counseling , as well as medical treatment , physical therapy , and social services .
The majority of clients come from Africa and were highly educated , accomplished leaders who were persecuted in their countries , Garcia - Peltoniemi said .
The healer and the torture survivor must establish trust so the survivor can better understand what happened and forgive others , as well as himself or herself , Gerrity said .
Bearing witness to the story is a large part of the healer 's role , she said .
Psychologists ' involvement debated
The role of psychologists in the interrogations themselves at detention facilities has been controversial .
One former Guantanamo detainee Keller evaluated , called Youseff , said a psychologist exploited their conversations about his sadness over being separated from his family , Keller said at the U.S. Helsinki Commission briefing .
Reports of mental health professionals ' involvement in torture have led some psychologists , such as Gerrity , to criticize the American Psychological Association .
The APA has always opposed torture or cruel , abusive interrogation techniques , said Kim Mills , spokesperson for the APA .
She said the organization 's position used to be that psychologists could be present during interrogations that were ethical , but could not be present if torture or abuse was taking place , although they could intervene if possible , which did happen in some cases .
The APA amended that view last year to state that psychologists cannot be present in detention sites in violation of U.S. or international law , unless working for a third party on behalf of detainees or treating military personnel , Mills said .
As long as the Guantanamo site does not violate the Geneva Conventions or the U.S. Constitution , psychologists can be present at ethical interrogations there , she said .
An ethical interrogation is one that does not involve abuse or torture , Mills said .
But Gerrity said psychologists have been involved in deciding which torture tactics to use at Guantanamo .
She and others have written position papers urging the APA to take a harder stance on mental health professionals ' involvement with interrogation .
" I think there is a tremendous need for educating psychologists about human rights and about this particular issue of torture and the use of torture in interrogations , " said Garcia - Peltoniemi .
" The behavior that has been reported shows a tremendous lack of regard for the historical evidence and for science . "
Having had mental health professionals involved in torture can even damage the survivors ' abilities to recover , Gerrity said .
" When and if they 're brought to safety , and it 's time to have their physical and psychological wounds treated , they have to turn to someone in a white coat , someone who calls themself a mental health professional , the very profession that betrayed them back when they were being tortured , " she said .
All About Guantanamo Bay • Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder • Abu Ghraib
Activity Google Searches
CO2 emissions of an average daily newspaper ( PDF ) ( 100 % recycled paper ) 850
A glass of orange juice 1,050
One load of dishes in an EnergyStar dishwasher ( PDF )
5,100
A five mile trip in the average U.S. automobile 10,000
A cheeseburger 15,000
Biodegradable carrier structure made using stereolithography .
The newly - developed polylactide - based resin makes it possible to replicate three - dimensional digital structures very accurately .
The white bar is 500 micrometre in length .
A ) photograph of a porous structure fabricated using stereolithography .
B ) Micro -CT scan of the structure fabricated .
C ) Electron microscope image .
D ) Porous structure sown with bone cells .
Researchers at the University of Twente ( UT ) have developed a new type of resin that can be broken down by the body .
This new resin makes it possible to replicate important body parts exactly and make them fit precisely .
The resin can be given different properties depending on where in the body it is to be used .
Cells can be sown and cultured on these models , so that the tissues grown are , in fact , produced by the body itself .
The new resin has been developed by Ferry Melchels and Prof. Dirk Grijpma of the UT ’s Polymer Chemistry and Biomaterials research group .
An article on this breakthrough will be appearing in the authoritative specialist journal , Biomaterials .
Stereolithography is a technology with which three - dimensional objects can be made from a digital design .
It is also possible to scan an object using a CT scanner ( or micro - CT scanner ) to obtain a digital image .
The object in question can subsequently be copied extremely accurately with a stereolithograph .
A stereolithograph is therefore a 3D replicating machine with a very high resolution .
The way it works is based on the local hardening of a liquid resin with computer - driven light .
The resins available for stereolithography so far harden into chemical networks that can not be broken down .
Resin
For the first time , researchers from the UT have developed a biodegradable resin that can be used for this replicating machine .
They have made the resin in such a way that it can be broken down by the body .
Making objects from this resin may have great advantages for a many medical applications .
If , for example , a child has a heart valve disorder , a 3D digital image of the heart valve can be created using a CT scanner .
The model in the stereolithograph can be copied exactly with the new resin .
If the structure is made porous , the child ’s own cells can be placed on it .
This porosity also gives nutrients access to the cells .
Ultimately , after the carrier structure has broken down , only the natural tissue remains .
Another possibility is to use the resin to create structures for correcting skull defects .
You can fabricate a shape very accurately using a stereolithograph .
By growing the patient ’s own cells on it , his or her own natural bone tissue will be regenerated .
Source : the University of Twente
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Two weeks change a lot in the oil markets .
At the end of May CNNMoney.com ran a story asking if $ 60 oil will kill any economic recovery .
' No , " most analysts said - consumers could shoulder $ 60 crude , and analysts did n't see prices going much higher .
Now oil is touching $ 70 a barrel .
Goldman
Sachs recently said it sees crude at $ 85 by the year 's end .
With the economy still on life support , oil is drifting dangerously close to being the wet blanket at the recovery 's party .
Talkback : Will $ 70 oil snuff out any economic recovery ?
Many say consumer spending - which accounts for over two thirds of the nation 's economic activity - takes a big hit when crude hits $ 100 and gas $ 3 a gallon .
Some say it 's more like $ 125 crude and $ 4 gas .
Others say that during a recession $ 80 is the breaking point .
But putting a number on it is almost beside the point .
The higher it goes , the more it hurts .
" People say it does n't matter until gas gets to $ 3 or $ 4 a gallon , " said Peter Beutel , an oil analyst at Cameron Hanover .
" But every time it goes higher it takes that much more money out of consumers pockets . "
Beutel can even tell you how much .
For every 10 cent rise in gas price , people can spend $ 40 million less a day on other things .
" We 're losing opportunity every time the price rises , " he said .
Most analysts say prices are n't rising because of an actual shortage , but rather because Wall Street is again retuning to the crude market .
China is using a bit more oil , but worldwide demand remains slack .
The government is reporting the world 's spare production capacity - the difference between what the world pumps and what it could pump and a key cushion against supply disruptions - has risen to levels not seen since 2002 .
Oil in storage is also near record highs .
" Crude oil prices appear to have been divorced from the underlying fundamentals of weak demand , ample supply , and high inventories , " Adam Sieminski , chief energy economist at Deutsche Bank , wrote in a recent note .
The rise in prices is instead being driven by a falling dollar and investor interest .
A falling dollar is causing oil to rise as investors buy crude as an inflation hedge .
Money is also coming out of bonds and other safe haven investments and back into oil , stocks and riskier assets as early signs suggest the economy may be improving .
While motorists may be miffed to learn that Wall Street is the main driver for the recent runup in fuel prices , it 's probably not such a bad thing that investors are expressing confidence in the economy .
Renewed lending and job creation will likely outweigh any pain people may feel from paying higher gas prices .
Plus , oil prices have to be at least $ 40 a barrel to make it profitable for oil companies to bring a lot of new production to market .
Otherwise , we could be setting ourselves up for a potential oil shortage and a subsequent " super spike " in prices when demand eventually does return .
But the price rise is coming when America is still losing jobs and budgets are still strained .
" That has to have some kind of impact on people , " said Sean Brodrick , a natural resources analyst at the investor newsletter Uncommon Wisdom .
" I do n't know if it will kill the recovery , but it will certainly take some steam out of it . "
Still , consumers who are frustrated with rising pump prices can take some solace in the fact that because the price run up has been led by financials and not supply and demand , many analysts think it may not have legs .
" The current rally may prove fragile - eventually being undermined by still - weak fundamentals , " Greg Priddy , a global energy analyst at the Eurasia group , a political risk consultancy , wrote in a recent research note .
" Talk of the potential for an extreme price " spike " in the near - term is premature , and unlikely to play out . "
With the economy still in a recession , most analysts do n't foresee prices rising too much higher until demand actually increases .
Yet driver beware : Analysts often fail to see price spikes coming .
" At some point , seasonal factors will come into play and we will see a pullback in the second quarter , " one analyst said last April , when crude was trading at a then - record $ 115 .
Three months later crude hit $ 147 .
Has the recession actually helped you ?
From lower debt payments to cheaper home prices , many people have benefited from the current downturn .
If you 've made out financially and want to share your story , please email steve.hargreaves@turner.com .
Encyclopedia of Sports Medicine and Science Contents · Search · Homepage
CYCLING : Uphill and Downhill
David P Swain , Wellness Institute and Research Center
Old Dominion University , Norfolk , VA 23529-0196 USA
Reference : Swain , D.P. Cycling : Uphill and Downhill .
In : Encyclopedia of Sports Medicine and Science , T.D. Fahey ( Editor ) .
Internet Society for Sport Science : http://sportsci.org
6 Nov 1998 .
Reviewer :
Edmund R. Burke , Colorado Springs , CO 80917 USA .
Cycling is a complex sport in which competitors must contend with a variety of strategies employed by opponents as well as many environmental factors .
Chief among the latter is the hilliness of the terrain .
Performance on hills is a primary factor in determining success in the major international cycling competitions .
In this article I present a review of current scientific knowledge related to cycling up and down hills and describe what athletes can do to improve their performance on hills .
Cycling Competitions
Competitive events in cycling include road races , time trials , and criteriums .
Each of these present different challenges to the athletes .
Road races are characterized by the mass start .
All riders begin together as part of the peloton , although individuals are actually members of separate teams .
The principal concerns affecting road race performance are team tactics and drafting .
Because riders remain grouped in the peloton , only the few who are in the front at any one time face the full effects of wind resistance , while others can easily maintain the peloton 's pace by drafting .
Usually , breakaway riders can outdistance the peloton only when the complex dynamics of team support allow it .
The major exception to this rule , as discussed later , occurs when the peloton encounters hills .
Time trials pose different problems .
Individual riders face the wind and the clock on their own .
Individual power and endurance ultimately determine performance .
For this reason , the time trial has received the nickname " the race of truth . "
Professional stage races , such as the Tour de France , utilize time trial stages to separate contenders from support riders ( i.e. domestiques ) in the overall standings , as well as winners from contenders .
Triathletes are essentially engaging in a time trial during the bicycle leg of their competition .
Criterium races are mass start events held on a small , looped course .
Riders perform multiple circuits of the course , with high - speed sharp turns .
Performance is based largely on bike handling skills and sprint speed .
Of the three basic forms of bicycle races , the road race is the one most noted for its use of hilly terrain .
The ensuing discussion of factors influencing performance on the hills will generally assume that a road race is involved .
Uphill
As indicated in the following equation , there are three primary forces to be overcome in bicycling : rolling resistance , air resistance and gravity :
W = k r Ms + k a Asv 2 + giMs
where W is power , k r is the rolling resistance coefficient , M is the combined mass of cyclist and bicycle , s is the bicycle speed on the road , k a is the air resistance coefficient , A is the combined frontal area of cyclist and bicycle , v is the bicycle speed through the air ( i.e. road speed plus head wind speed ) , g is the gravitational acceleration constant , and i is the road incline ( grade ; however , this is only an approximation , as the sine of the road angle to the horizontal should technically be used ) .
On modern bicycles with narrow , high pressure tires , rolling resistance is negligible .
Since the power required to overcome air resistance is proportional to the bicycle speed cubed ( if there is no wind , and s = v ) , an exponential increase in power is needed as the cyclist attempts to increase speed .
Going uphill adds gravity to the forces that must be overcome .
Since the cyclist has a finite power supply , he or she must necessarily slow down in proportion to the steepness of the hill , if steady - state aerobic metabolism is to be maintained .
While this effect of hills is obvious , more subtle effects of this shift in forces have a dramatic impact on the competition .
Consider the effects of gradually increasing the road incline above zero while holding power constant .
Since the air resistance component is proportional to speed cubed , only a relatively small decrease in speed is needed to offset an increase in incline at first .
As the incline continues to increase , relatively greater decreases in speed must occur , given the curvilinear nature of the speed cubed relationship .
Thus , a steep hill is required to substantially slow a competitive cyclist .
The precise percent grade which has a meaningful impact cannot be specified , however , as this depends on the sustainable power level of each individual cyclist .
Given that the appropriate steepness has been reached , a major change in race dynamics occurs .
As gravity supersedes air resistance as the primary force that must be overcome , drafting becomes a relatively less useful tool in the competition .
At very slow speeds ( on the order of 16 km·hr - 1 or less ) air resistance is negligible , and drafting becomes nearly meaningless .
This shift in forces causes the peloton of a road race to break up , as those cyclists who have the highest aerobic power can outdistance less aerobic competitors who are now deprived of drafting derived assistance .
An interesting aspect of this shift is to note that smaller cyclists generally excel on hill climbs , while larger cyclists are generally better on solo efforts on level ground .
As a consequence of scaling geometry , mass increases with the cube of height , while surface area only increases with the square of height .
This means that , although larger cyclists have a greater total frontal area to push through the air than smaller cyclists , their advantage in mass ( and power generating capacity ) is even greater .
As a consequence , large cyclists have a higher ratio of power to frontal area than smaller cyclists , giving large cyclists an advantage in overcoming air resistance , as observed in time trials .
It is not surprising that Miguel Indurain , the pre-eminent time trialist of the 1990's , was larger than most of his rivals .
However , since air resistance is negligible at slow climbing speeds , all cyclists are at a similar energy cost , relative to their body weight .
Small cyclists excel at hill climbing because they generally have greater relative aerobic power ( VO 2 max in ml·min - 1 ·kg - 1 ) than do large cyclists .
This is also a consequence of scaling geometry : relative to body mass , smaller organisms have greater alveolar and capillary surface areas in the lungs , greater capillary surface areas in the muscles , and greater cross-sectional area of arteries for the delivery of blood .
Examinations of elite endurance athletes from a variety of sports , including cycling , have revealed that VO 2 max scales with the 2/3 power of mass ; that is , if a 60 - kg elite athlete has a VO 2 max of 80 ml·min - 1 ·kg - 1 , then a comparably trained elite athlete who weighs 100 kg would be expected to have a VO 2 max of only 68 ml·min - 1 ·kg - 1 .
Thus , at the elite level , one expects superior performance from smaller athletes in aerobic events where power requirements are approximately proportional to body mass -- such as distance running and uphill cycling .
( Technically , the power requirement scales more closely to mass , i.e. M 0.76-0.79 than does the power supply , M 0.67 ) .
It is not surprising that the pre-eminent climber of the 1990s , Marco Pantani , is one of the smallest men in the peloton at only 55 kg .
Anything that can be done to reduce the weight of a cyclist and bicycle , without compromising the cyclist 's aerobic power , will improve hill - climbing performance .
Climbing Economy
While the power requirements of cycling uphill can be easily described , there are many factors which affect a cyclist 's ability to economically apply that power .
Having a high sustainable aerobic power will not translate into superior speed unless it is effectively converted into external motion .
One factor that influences cycling economy is pedal cadence .
A number of studies have demonstrated that cadences of 80 to 90 rpm allow the most economical use of aerobic metabolism when performing at high power outputs in level cycling .
Despite this , competitive cyclists are often observed to climb hills at substantially lower cadences .
The reasons that some cyclists appear to prefer lower cadences during hill climbing are not clear .
However , a simple mechanical explanation is evident .
The addition of the gravitational component to the forces opposing the cyclist necessitate a marked reduction in road speed .
Unless the cyclist has correspondingly lower gear ratios available on his or her bicycle , pedal cadence will fall .
Road racers often do not possess sufficiently low gear ratios on their bicycles , unlike competitors in the off - road sport of mountain biking .
Perhaps due to the low cadences during climbs , road racers are often observed to stand while pedaling .
This strategy effectively shifts their body weight forward over the pedals , which might allow for greater force production for the low speed , high force revolutions .
While these potential benefits should be examined , a laboratory investigation of climbing demonstrated that a high cadence ( 80 - 90 rpm ) elicited the lowest oxygen consumption , just as was previously shown for level cycling .
From available scientific evidence , it would appear that the use of lower gear ratios on climbs might enhance performance .
Downhill
During descents , the negative slope of the hill in the power equation reflects the addition of gravitational potential energy to the power generated by the cyclist .
In a freewheel ( passive ) descent , the cyclist 's speed will be determined by the balance of the air resistance force and the gravitational force .
As the cyclist accelerates , sv 2 increases .
Once k a Asv 2 ( plus the negligible power term associated with rolling resistance ) increases to match giMs , the cyclist will reach terminal velocity .
Any further increase in speed must be achieved by adding energy through pedaling .
However , on steep hills , terminal velocities may reach 70 km·hr - 1 .
At such high associated values of sv 2 , even the application of VO 2 max would result in only a minimal increase in speed .
Terminal velocity can be solved for in the cycling equation above by setting power at 0 .
If one assumes the rolling resistance term is also 0 , and that there is no wind blowing ( v = s ) , then the equation becomes :
k a As 3 = - giMs
or s = ( - giM/ k a A ) 1/
2
Thus , the terminal velocity is roughly proportional to the square root of the ratio of M/ A .
Scaling reveals that larger cyclists have a greater ratio of mass to frontal area .
They therefore descend hills faster as a consequence of purely physical , not physiological , laws .
Since the larger cyclist has a greater mass , gravity acts on him or her with a greater force than it does on a smaller cyclist .
( Note : A common misconception is to note the equal acceleration of two different sized objects in free fall in a vacuum , and assume that the force of gravity on both is equal .
The force on the more massive object is greater , being exactly proportional to mass , which is why the more massive object is accelerated at the same rate as the less massive one . )
While the larger cyclist also has a greater absolute frontal area than the smaller cyclist , the difference is not as great as that for their masses .
Thus , the larger cyclist will attain a greater s 3 before a balance of forces results in terminal velocity .
With lighter cyclists climbing hills faster due to their greater relative VO2max , and heavier cyclists descending faster due to their greater M/ A ratio , one might assume that equal performances would occur in races involving equal up and down segments .
However , ascents take longer than descents , so a speed advantage to small cyclists on the acsents produces a greater time advantage than large cyclists obtain on the descents .
For this reason , smaller cyclists are generally superior competitors on hilly road races .
Pacing
On very steep descents , the cyclist needs to pedal only to assist gravity in obtaining terminal velocity ; i.e. during the initial acceleration at the beginning of the descent and when coming out of turns .
During most of the descent , the cyclist freewheels .
It follows that the cyclist can expend exhaustive effort on the ascent , since he or she is able to rest on the descent .
On hills of a more modest grade , should the cyclist maintain an even effort uphill and downhill ?
On a level road surface , a constant power application results in the fastest time over a given distance .
Varying power results in speed fluctuations that add time to an overall performance .
On hills , the ascents and descents create variations in speed even when the cyclist maintains a constant effort .
Since more time is added during the climb than can be taken back on the descent , it would be competitively advantageous to apply greater effort during the ascent , in order to minimize the time added .
Of course , energy supplies are finite , and the cyclist must compensate by reducing effort on the descent , as a means of recovery .
This variable power strategy would reduce the magnitude of the speed fluctuations in going up and down hill , bringing the cyclist slightly closer to the ideal state of maintaining a constant speed .
A computer simulation has demonstrated that this strategy results in the fastest time when riding up and down hills of any grade ; the higher the grade , the more effective the strategy becomes .
The power variation needed to completely eliminate speed fluctuations would be physiologically impossible .
However , the computer simulation demonstrated that even a modest increase in power ( such as 5 % above that typically used in level cycling ) during the uphill portion of a ride would significantly reduce total time on a course with equal uphill and downhill segments .
The greater the variation in power that the cyclist can handle , the greater the advantage in performance time .
On climbs that are followed by steep descents , the cyclist should apply the greatest power he or she can sustain for the duration of the climb .
As noted at the beginning of this section , the freewheel descent allows almost complete rest .
It should also be noted that the computer simulation demonstrated that the variable power strategy is also effective in countering the effects of varying wind conditions .
Conclusions
The primary forces a cyclist must overcome are air resistance and gravity .
Air resistance increases exponentially with speed .
In the transition from cycling on a flat road to climbing a hill , the decreased speed reduces air resistance to the point where drafting other riders provides little benefit .
At this point , riders with superior aerobic power to weight ratios will be able to breakaway from the peloton .
Due to scaling considerations , this favors smaller riders .
Climbing ability can be enhanced by minimizing weight , and also by pedaling at a consistently high cadence .
Large cyclists can achieve greater downhill speeds , but overall performance still favors smaller cyclists on hilly courses .
Overall performance is enhanced by using a variable power strategy : increasing effort slightly on uphills and compensating with decreased effort on downhills .
On extremely steep descents , it is necessary to pedal only at the start and when coming out of turns , in order to quickly achieve terminal velocity .
Further Reading
DiPrampero , P.E. , Cortili , P. , Mognoni , P. , & Saibene , F. ( 1979 ) .
Equation of motion of a cyclist .
Journal of Applied Physiology , 47 , 201-206 .
McCole , S.D. , Claney , K. , Conte , J.C. , Anderson , R. , & Hagberg , J.M. ( 1990 ) .
Energy expenditure during bicycling .
Journal of Applied Physiology , 68 , 748-753 .
Schmidt - Nielsen , K. ( 1984 ) .
Scaling :
Why is animal size so important ?
Cambridge , England : Cambridge University Press .
Swain , D.P. ( 1997 ) .
A model for optimizing cycling performance by varying power on hills and in wind .
Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise , 29 , 1104 - 1108 .
Swain , D.P. , Coast , J.R. , Clifford , P.S. , Milliken , M.C. , & Stray - Gundersen , J. ( 1987 ) .
The influence of body size on oxygen consumption during bicycling .
Journal of Applied Physiology , 62 , 668-672 .
Swain , D.P. , & Wilcox , J.P. ( 1992 ) .
Effect of cadence on the economy of uphill cycling .
Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise , 24 , 1123 -1127 .
Swain , D.P. ( 1994 ) The influence of body mass on endurance cycling performance .
Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise , 26 , 58 - 63 .
·
·
·
·
Edited and webmastered by Mary Ann Wallace
Last updated 24 November 1998
The Transportation Security Administration is getting ready to take over responsibility from the airlines for checking passengers ’ names against terrorist watch lists , and is advising travelers to start booking airline tickets using their full name as it appears on their driver ’s license or passport .
Later this summer , the agency will also begin requiring airlines to ask passengers for their birth date and gender during the ticketing process , information the carriers will then transfer to the T.S.A .
The goal is to help make the watch list matching process more accurate .
But it turns out that what ’s in a name is more complicated than many reservation systems are currently prepared to handle .
So the airlines are telling passengers not to worry if there is no place to enter a middle name when purchasing a ticket , or no field for a date of birth .
“ I think the most important thing for passengers to know is that when their airline is ready to ask for that information , they ’ll ask for it , ” said Tim Wagner , a spokesman for American Airlines  advice that was echoed by other carriers .
No interest in the iPhone 3G S ?
How 's about an 8 GB iPhone 3G for $ 99 on a new 2 - year AT&T contract ?
That 's exactly what was just announced at WWDC 2009 , and yes , this new price is effective .
We 're guessing any remaining 16GB iPhone 3G units will be scrounged up at closeout rates as well .
Oh , and if you 're mid-contract on AT&T ( with any phone ) , you 'll be asked to shell out a whopping $ 299 for one of these 8 GB units or $ 399 / $ 499 for the 16GB / 32 GB iPhone 3G S. Frankly , that upgrade deal reeks compared to the offer that was passed along to those who upgraded from the iPhone to iPhone 3G ( mid - contract users paid the same as new / renewing contract users ) , but then again , the original iPhone was only sold in unsubsidized ( and thus , crazy expensive ) form .
Read - AT&T press release Read - Apple pre-order page
I almost hate to say anything here , for fear of jinxing it ... but for what it 's worth , the last six weeks or so have been the most productive period I 've had on A DANCE WITH DRAGONS in ... well ... a year at least , maybe several .
In the last three days I 've completed three new chapters .
Not from scratch , mind you , these were all chapters that had been partially written , and in some cases rewritten , for months if not years .
But they 're finally done , and I 've just reread them , and I 'm almost convinced that they 're Not Crap .
We 'll see how I feel tomorrow .
Anyway , I know I do n't talk about DANCE frequently here , and that 's not going to change .
Sorry , but I 'm never going to be one of these writers who blogs daily about how many words they produced today .
I do n't like to talk about the good days for fear of jinxing myself ( all writers are superstitious at heart , just like baseball players ) , and I do n't like to talk about the bad days ... well , just because .
Writing is like sausage making in my view ; you 'll all be happier in the end if you just eat the final product without knowing what 's gone into it .
But I am making a small exception now because ... well , I 'm feeling rather jazzed right now , and for the first time in a very long while , I think I can see a glimmering that might just be a light at the end of the tunnel .
Now if I can only slash through the Meereenese knot that I 've been worrying at since 2005 , I may actually start to get excited .
By Candace Piette
BBC News , Buenos Aires
Hundreds of Argentines have been donating to a taxi driver who found a bag with $ 32,500 ( £ 21,600 ) in cash in his taxi and returned it to its owners .
The donations started after a website was set up in his honour calling for gestures of gratitude for what is seen as an extraordinary act of honesty .
So far the equivalent of $ 14,580 has been donated , according to the site .
Santiago Gori , a taxi driver in the coastal city of La Plata , found the money after driving an elderly couple .
They only went a short distance but when he dropped them off , they left a bag in the back of his taxi .
A few days later he managed to locate his passengers again and he returned the bag .
For Argentines used to corruption at all levels of society , this was an extraordinary story .
Web rewards
Two young advertising agency employees decided to set up a website to thank Mr Gori further for his exemplary behaviour .
Now thousands of people have accessed the site and have left hundreds of rewards and messages for Mr Gori .
One visitor offered to produce in his studio a song chosen by Mr Gori to kick - start a potential artistic career .
Another offered a snow - boarding lesson in Argentina 's ski resort of Bariloche , while an Argentine abroad promised to bring back a second - hand GPS satellite receiver for his taxi on his return .
" Thank you " , say many of the messages and one said it all : " I wish more people were like you . "
For his part , Mr Gori seems a bit bemused .
He said he only did what had to be done - and that he does not quite know what to do with all the things he has been offered .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Large - scale U.S. layoffs rose again in March , according to Labor Department data on Thursday , as the economy struggles with what many expect will be the country ’s worst post - World War II recession .
Last month witnessed 2,933 more mass layoffs , defined as affecting 50 or more workers , than February .
This brought the total number of people who lost their jobs in this manner to 299,388 , the highest on a record that dates back to 1995 .
The U.S. job market has been under severe strain as a crisis first evident in housing spread to the rest of the economy , severely curtailing corporate profits and consumer spending .
Ongoing pain was evident across sectors , with the Labor Department also reporting another record for blanket layoffs within manufacturing .
Mass layoffs now total 31,414 since the start of the recession in December 2007 , resulting in the loss of more than 3.2 million jobs .
The monthly mass layoff numbers are compiled from establishments with at least 50 initial claims for unemployment insurance filed against them during a five - week period .
Separate data out on Thursday showed the number of continuing unemployment claims climbing to a new record of 6.14 million .
Weekly initial jobless claims also rose again , to 640,000 .
“ Over the past year , the deterioration in initial claims , continuing claims , and the insured jobless rate has been just as bad as they were during the 1981 - 1982 recession , which has been the most severe in the post - World War II period , ” said Steven Wood , chief economist at Insight Economics .
Oracle agrees to buy Sun Microsystems for $ 7.4 Billion
Oracle Corp. is set to buy Sun Microsystems Inc. for $ 7.4 billion or $ 9.50 a share , after Sun ’s talks with IBM disintegrated .
The acquisition will give Oracle ownership of the Java programming language , which runs on more than one billion devices around the globe .
After accounting for Sun ’s cash and debt , the deal ’s value is $ 5.6 billion .
The boards of both companies unanimously approved the transaction , subject to Sun stockholder approval and other conditions .
The deal is expected to close this summer .
The two companies have been partners for more than 20 years .
Oracle ’s Fusion Middleware is built on Sun ’s Java software .
Jonathan Schwartz , Sun ’s chief executive , said the deal puts Oracle in a position to “ solve a broader set of problems than any other company on earth . ”
Today , Guggenheim Museum and Google SketchUp are kicking - off the , a global competition that will challenge users to design a simple shelter in 3D with Google SketchUp , geo-locate the shelter in Google Earth , and share it by uploading to the Google 3D Warehouse .
The summer - long competition , which begins on Frank Lloyd Wright 's birthday and will conclude on the Guggenheim Museum 's 50th anniversary , is inspired by the work of architecture students at the Frank Lloyd Wright School of Architecture and a recent exhibition of that work at the Guggenheim called ' Learning by Doing '.
This competition is inspired by Wright 's assignment for his apprentices at Taliesin :
If you wanted to study to be an architect with Wright , you had to design and build a shelter in the desert outside of Phoenix , Arizona .
Then you had to live and study in it .
Back to business
AMD 's drive to perceived as the ‘ bang - per - buck ' leader in CPUs continued with the recent launch of the Phenom II X4 955 Black Edition - it 's new top of the range desktop processor .
Priced at a similar level to Intel 's high - end Core 2 Quad CPU - the Q9550 - at around $ 250 ( spooky coincidence with the model number there - Ed ) , our review found the 955 to perform at a similar level too .
AMD UK boss Andrew Buxton , however , has his sights set higher for the new addition .
" We 've positioned the 955 to compete with the entry - level Core i7 , while the 940 offers pretty much the same performance as the Q9550 . " said Buxton .
" The 955 has caught them by surprise . "
Buxton 's assertion is that Intel does n't have anything to compete with the 955 at the £ 200 level , with even the Q9550 costing about a tenner above that .
Of course this all depends on how you view the comparative performance of the Q9950 , but if consumers see things Buxton 's way then AMD has indeed carved out a useful niche for itself .
For now .
Future AMD product launches are likely to focus more on the higher volume segments of the market .
" We 're bringing out Phenom II products further down the range and also more volume parts on the GPU side , " said Buxton .
The average salary for a Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officer is $ 52,253 .
10 % $ 36 k MEDIAN $ 52k 90 % $ 92 k
Use our tool to get a personalized report on your market worth .
What 's this ?
Is Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officer your job title ?
Find out what you should be paid Location : United States ( change ) Years in Field / Career :
How it works : 1 Enter city & years of experience 2
Add pay factors like skills & education 3
Find your market worth with a report tailored to you
Salary $ 36 k - $ 92 k Bonus $ 202 - $ 10 k Profit Sharing $ 41 - $ 39 k Commission $ 6 k - $ 24 k Total Pay $ 33 k - $ 90 k
Find your market worth – how it works :
Tell us about your job and pay factors like skills and education Find your market worth with a report tailored to you Negotiate your pay with confidence Enter your job title :
What Do Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officers Do ? Police patrol officers must complete a training program known as the " police academy " before beginning work .
A degree is often preferred but not required , and different states and departments tend to have different requirements .
Generally , a person applies to become a police officer and is selected to attend the academy , where they are immediately hired upon completion of the program .
A police patrol officer ’s job is both mental and physical ; they must pass a psychological exam as well as a fi … Read more Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officer Tasks Execute arrest warrants , locating and taking persons into custody .
Record daily activities and submit logs and other related reports and paperwork to appropriate authorities .
Provide for public safety by maintaining order , responding to emergencies , protecting people and property , enforcing motor vehicle and criminal laws , and promoting good community relations .
Investigate illegal or suspicious activities .
Identify , pursue , and arrest suspects and perpetrators of criminal acts .
Job Satisfaction for Police or Sheriff's Patrol Officer 3.9 out of 5 ( 396 ) Highly Satisfied 31 Reviews
The top respondents for the job title Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officer are from the companies New York Police Department ( NYPD ) , City of Glendale and U.S. Air Force ( USAF ) .
Reported salaries are highest at The City of Chicago , Illinois where the average pay is $ 85,959 .
Other companies that offer high salaries for this role include New York Police Department ( NYPD ) and City of Glendale , earning around $ 78,000 and $ 77,776 , respectively .
U.S. Army pays the lowest at around $ 33,872 .
U.S. Air Force ( USAF ) and U.S. Department of Defense also pay on the lower end of the scale , paying $ 41,446 and $ 55,496 , respectively .
Career Paths Explore the most common career paths for Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officer .
Thickness and color of lines indicates popularity of movement from one job to the next .
Visit our career path planner to research other job paths .
Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officer View salaries » Police Officer View salaries » Police Sergeant View salaries » Security Officer More common (> 20 % ) Somewhat common ( 8 - 20 % ) Less common (< 8 % )
Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officer Job Listings Search for more jobs Job Title / Company Location Search
Skills in Emergency Response , Oral / Verbal Communication and Training are correlated to pay that is above average .
Skills that pay less than market rate include Leadership and Security Policies and Procedures .
What is the Pay by Experience Level for Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officers ?
An entry - level Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officer with less than 1 year experience can expect to earn an average total compensation ( includes tips , bonus , and overtime pay ) of $ 47,514 based on 204 salaries .
An early career Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officer with 1 - 4 years of experience earns an average total compensation of $ 48,571 based on 839 salaries .
A mid-career Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officer with 5 - 9 years of experience earns an average total compensation of $ 53,161 based on 493 salaries .
An experienced Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officer with 10 - 19 years of experience earns an average total compensation of $ 60,099 based on 554 salaries .
In their late career ( 20 years and higher ) , employees earn an average total compensation of $ 66,855 .
Employees with Police or Sheriff 's Patrol Officer in their job title in Chicago , Illinois earn an average of 39.0 % more than the national average .
These job titles also find higher than average salaries in Los Angeles , California ( 24.7 % more ) and Washington , District of Columbia ( 20.2 % more ) .
The lowest salaries can be found in Atlanta , Georgia ( 15.4 % less ) and Houston , Texas ( 2.0 % less ) .
And let me be clear , when I say " young , " I 'm not just referring to the date of your birth certificate .
I 'm talking about an approach to life -- a quality of mind and quality of heart ; a willingness to follow your passions , regardless of whether they lead to fortune and fame ; a willingness to question conventional wisdom and rethink old dogmas ; a lack of regard for all the traditional markers of status and prestige -- and a commitment instead to doing what 's meaningful to you , what helps others , what makes a difference in this world .
( Applause . )
That 's the spirit that led a band of patriots not much older than most of you to take on an empire , to start this experiment in democracy we call America .
It 's what drove young pioneers west , to Arizona and beyond ; it 's what drove young women to reach for the ballot ; what inspired a 30 year - old escaped slave to run an underground railroad to freedom -- ( applause ) -- what inspired a young man named Cesar to go out and help farm workers ; what inspired a 26 year - old preacher to lead a bus boycott for justice .
It 's what led firefighters and police officers in the prime of their lives up the stairs of those burning towers ; and young people across this country to drop what they were doing and come to the aid of a flooded New Orleans .
It 's what led two guys in a garage -- named Hewlett and Packard -- to form a company that would change the way we live and work ; what led scientists in laboratories , and novelists in coffee shops to labor in obscurity until they finally succeeded in changing the way we see the world .
That 's the great American story : young people just like you , following their passions , determined to meet the times on their own terms .
They were n't doing it for the money .
Their titles were n't fancy -- ex-slave , minister , student , citizen .
A whole bunch of them did n't get honorary degrees .
( Laughter and applause . )
But they changed the course of history -- and so can you ASU , so can you Class of 2009 .
( Applause . )
So can you .
With a degree from this outstanding institution , you have everything you need to get started .
You 've got no excuses .
You have no excuses not to change the world .
Did you study business ?
( Applause . )
Go start a company .
( Applause . )
Or why not help our struggling non-profits find better , more effective ways to serve folks in need .
( Applause . )
Did you study nursing ?
( Applause . )
Understaffed clinics and hospitals across this country are desperate for your help .
Did you study education ?
( Applause . )
Teach in a high - need school where the kids really need you ; give a chance to kids who can't -- who can't get everything they need maybe in their neighborhood , maybe not even in their home we can't afford to give up on -- prepare them to compete for any job anywhere in the world .
( Applause . )
Did you study engineering ?
( Applause . )
Help us lead a green revolution -- ( applause ) -- developing new sources of clean energy that will power our economy and preserve our planet .
But you can also make your mark in smaller , more individual ways .
That 's what so many of you have already done during your time here at ASU -- tutoring children ; registering voters ; doing your own small part to fight hunger and homelessness , AIDS and cancer .
One student said it best when she spoke about her senior engineering project building medical devices for people with disabilities in a village in Africa .
Her professor showed a video of the folks they 'd been helping , and she said , " When we saw the people on the videos , we began to feel a connection to them .
It made us want to be successful for them . "
Think about that : " It made us want to be successful for them . "
That 's a great motto for all of us -- find somebody to be successful for .
Raise their hopes .
Rise to their needs .
As you think about life after graduation , as you look into the mirror tonight after the partying is done -- ( laughter and applause ) -- that should n't get such a big cheer -- ( laughter ) -- you may look in the mirror tonight and you may see somebody who 's not really sure what to do with their lives .
That 's what you may see , but a troubled child might look at you and see a mentor .
A homebound senior citizen might see a lifeline .
The folks at your local homeless shelter might see a friend .
None of them care how much money is in your bank account , or whether you 're important at work , or whether you 're famous around town -- they just know that you 're somebody who cares , somebody who makes a difference in their lives .
So Class of 2009 , that 's what building a body of work is all about -- it 's about the daily labor , the many individual acts , the choices large and small that add up over time , over a lifetime , to a lasting legacy .
That 's what you want on your tombstone .
It 's about not being satisfied with the latest achievement , the latest gold star -- because the one thing I know about a body of work is that it 's never finished .
It 's cumulative ; it deepens and expands with each day that you give your best , each day that you give back and contribute to the life of your community and your nation .
You may have setbacks , and you may have failures , but you 're not done -- you 're not even getting started , not by a long shot .
Deeds now leads in every region of the state except Hampton Roads , including a 38 - 35 lead over Moran in northern Virginia , where just two and a half weeks ago Deeds was polling at only 11 % .
Deeds is up over 50 % in the parts of the state outside Washington DC / Richmond / Hampton Roads .
“ Creigh Deeds has come on strong and barring some major event in the final 36 hours of the campaign looks like he will be the Democratic nominee , ” said Dean Debnam , President of Public Policy Polling .
“ The Washington Post endorsement was really a game changer , giving him a card to play with suburban voters that complemented his strong support in the rural parts of the state . ”
Deeds leads by ten points with Democrats and has more dominating margins of 27 points with independents and 22 points with Republicans allowing his overall lead of 14 .
In 18 years in the General Assembly , Mr. Deeds has time and again supported measures that might be unpopular with his rural constituency but that are the right thing to do , for Northern Virginia and the state as a whole .
He has demonstrated an understanding of the problems that matter most , the commitment to solve them and the capacity to get things done .
Mr. Deeds may not be the obvious choice in the June 9 primary , but he 's the right one .
... Some progressive voters may look past Mr. Deeds , assuming he 's too far to the right on social issues .
They should look again .
Yes , he describes himself as a supporter of the Second Amendment .
He 's willing , however , to put limits on gun ownership when the stakes are highest , brokering a compromise in an effort to close the state 's notorious gun show loophole .
His support for abortion rights and for an amendment to prohibit the Confederate flag emblem from being displayed on state license plates are all the more impressive considering the weight of conservative voters in his district .
Virginia 's newly resurgent Democratic Party helped win the presidency for Obama .
He took Virginia 's 13 electoral votes when 1,959,532 ( 53 % )
Virginians cast their ballots for him , as opposed to the 1,725,005 ( 47 % ) who went for McCain , a stunning reversal of Bush 's 54 % win in 2004 .
Since Bush 's 2004 win , the Virginia Democratic Party has also won 2 U.S. Senate seats -- first Jim Webb 's shocking defeat of George Allen and then Mark Warner 's waltz ( a 65 % win ) into an open seat -- and has picked up 3 formerly red House seats ( Connolly , Nye and Perriello ) .
Virginia elected Mark Warner governor in 2001 and his Lt Governor , Tim Kaine , won the seat in 2005 .
Scratching a little below the surface , it does n't look quite as wonderful .
Kaine is a nearly worthless reactionary hack .
Warner and Webb are centrists who are resistant to many progressive positions .
And of the 3 new congressman , moderate Gerry Connolly has proven himself a solid supporter of Obama 's change agenda , Tom Perriello much less so and Glenn Nye , a Blue Dog , is , well ... better than a Republican .
So what can we expect from Virginia 's gubernatorial primary today ?
Democrats are choosing a standard bearer for November 3rd 's election against former Attorney General Bob McDonnell , a far right extremist .
The three candidates are state Senator Creigh Deeds , former state Delegate Brian Moran , and uber - corruptionist and corporatist swine Terry McAuliffe .
The corporate swine , of course , has spent immense sums of money to try to buy the election .
Deeds and Moran both seem like solid moderates and each seems like he'd be an improvement over Kaine .
McAuliffe represents all the worst that a Democrat could ever be -- someone who poisons the brand and gives people no reason to vote for Democrats over Republicans .
He defines sleazy and should n't be in politics at all .
Sunday , Public Policy Polling released a new poll that shows Deeds significantly ahead of two rivals with 40 % of the vote .
McCauliffe ( 26 % ) and Moran ( 24 % ) trail .
Deeds also came out comfortably ahead in the last SUSA poll -- with 42 % , McAuliffe ( 30 % ) and Moran ( 21 % ) way behind .
Judging by the dynamics of the results , it looks like Deeds will win today .
Over the past 6 weeks he 's tripled his support in the DC suburbs ( from 12 % to 40 % ) and has made similar strides among women ( 13 % to 40 % ) and among college graduates he went from 21 points behind McAuliffe to 18 points over him .
Deeds went from 17 points behind McAuliffe among white voters to 19 points ahead of him .
The more independents that vote the larger the margin of victory will be for Deeds .
Theendorsement is effusive : With a third ofviewing the GOP unfavorably , the Democratic nomination is very valuable .
We were extremely happy to see Deeds win it , not because he 's such a wonderful progressive but to keep the slimy McAuliffe out of politics .
AP called the race with Deeds at 51 % and McAuliffe and Moran trailing at 26 and 23 % respectively .
Labels : Creigh Deeds , Terry McAuliffe , Virginia Governor 's Race
WASHINGTON -- Cyberspies have penetrated the U.S. electrical grid and left behind software programs that could be used to disrupt the system , according to current and former national - security officials .
The spies came from China , Russia and other countries , these officials said , and were believed to be on a mission to navigate the U.S. electrical system and its controls .
The intruders have n't sought to damage the power grid or other key infrastructure , but officials warned they could try during a crisis or war .
" The ...
Dandelion Salad
Warning
This video may contain images depicting the reality and horror of war / violence and should only be viewed by a mature audience .
TheRealNews
And how the rebranded “ war on terror ” is being sold as a PAKISTANI war
see
Scores dead after US strike in Afghanistan + Democracy at Gunpoint Guarantees U.S. Defeat
Afghanistan : Heroin - ravaged State by Prof. Peter Dale Scott
Focus
Ginormous Neutrino
A single neutrino left over from the big bang may have a quantum wave ( wave function ) that stretches across the universe .
S. Beckwith / NASA / ESA / STScI /HUDF
Team Neutrino field .
The wave function of a relic neutrino may span billions of light - years across many galaxies because of its very low energy and the fact that it ’s made from particles that travel at different speeds .
( This The wave function of a relic neutrino may span billions of light - years across many galaxies because of its very low energy and the fact that it ’s made from particles that travel at different speeds .
( This Hubble Ultra Deep Field image contains thousands of galaxies . )
Neutrino field .
The wave function of a relic neutrino may span billions of light - years across many galaxies because of its very low energy and the fact that it ’s made from particles that travel at different speeds .
( This The wave function of a relic neutrino may span billions of light - years across many galaxies because of its very low energy and the fact that it ’s made from particles that travel at different speeds .
( This Hubble Ultra Deep Field image ...
Show more
S. Beckwith / NASA / ESA / STScI /HUDF
Team Neutrino field .
The wave function of a relic neutrino may span billions of light - years across many galaxies because of its very low energy and the fact that it ’s made from particles that travel at different speeds .
( This Hubble Ultra Deep Field image contains thousands of galaxies . ) ×
We think of fundamental particles as being very small , but “ relic ” neutrinos left over from the big bang could be big .
Really big .
According to the 22 May Physical Review Letters , the quantum wave describing one could be billions of light - years across , a good fraction of the observable universe .
Such a large wave raises questions about how a quantum particle interacts with gravity at the scale of galaxies and galaxy clusters –questions that remain unresolved .
Relic neutrinos , like the relic photons that make up the cosmic microwave background , are leftovers from the hot , crowded universe that prevailed 13.7 billion years ago .
Even though the particle density has greatly decreased as the universe expanded , there are still roughly 300 relic neutrinos per cubic centimeter , nearly as many as the number of relic photons .
The average energy has also decreased over time to such a low value that relic neutrinos are completely undetectable in earthly detectors .
Neutrinos oscillate among three “ flavors ” as they move through space , and each flavor state is a combination of three so - called mass states .
The precise masses of these states are not yet known , but researchers have established some limits on them .
The mass states are something like “ primary colors ” –a palette out of which all neutrino states are made .
George Fuller of the University of California , San Diego , and his student Chad Kishimoto wanted to check whether a theoretical upper limit placed on the neutrino masses based on galaxy observations would be affected by accounting for flavor oscillation .
The answer was no , at least for the level of precision available with current observations .
But in doing their derivation , the researchers realized that the relic neutrino wave functions –the waves that describe the possible locations of quantum particles until they interact with something –might extend billions of light years .
Half of a neutrino ’s wave function could , for instance , be in our galaxy while the other half would be out at the edge of the observable universe .
This stretching comes from the combination of mass states that makes up each neutrino .
Each mass state on its own would travel at a different speed , with the heaviest traveling the slowest .
At ordinary neutrino energies these speeds are all very close to the speed of light .
But relic neutrinos have very low energy–so low that the intrinsic speed of the heaviest mass state could be much less than the speed of light , while that of the other two could still be close to the speed of light .
But then , what happens when the neutrino travels through a dense galaxy and has slowed enough to be captured by the gravitational field ?
In textbook quantum mechanics , a particle ’s spread - out wave function “ collapses ” to a single location when its position is measured .
Being confined in a single galaxy could correspond to such a “ measurement , ” of the neutrino , write Fuller and Kishimoto .
But with a wave function extending so far in space–and therefore back in time–it ’s not clear how or whether the collapse would happen .
The wave function may simply become distorted by the space - time curvature of the galaxy .
The team says a proper answer might require a complete , relativistic calculation involving the entire history of neutrinos interacting with all of the matter in the universe .
The manner of gravitational collapse of wave functions is still an open debate [ 1 ] they say .
Akif Baha Balantekin of the University of Wisconsin in Madison says the paper contains practical results that will help researchers use both cosmological observations and neutrino detector data to better understand neutrinos .
Regarding the large wave functions , he says , “ It ’s fascinating to think that a quantum coherence [ wave function ] could survive the age of the universe . ”
– Michael Schirber
Michael Schirber is a Corresponding Editor for Physics based in Lyon , France .
Andy Richter appears in a new “ Nissan ” car commercial titled , “ Ca n’t keep up with the Joneses ? ”
Why ’s Nissan in quotes ?
Find out and watch , I think you ’ll enjoy it …
If you missed the end of the ad it reads :
Posted on April 25 , 2009 in Political Cartoons
See Also : Cheney Lies Again , Why Do n’t We All Focus On “ Looking Forward ” , Babies : Not Just for Breakfast Any More ! , What ’s Wrong With America ? , A Commentary : “ War is Hell ” , Crimes Against Humanity ’s Grammar , Torture Works ?
Not So Fast… , Cheney Ordered Torture to Get Confession of Saddam - 9/11 Connection , and Morning Joe on Torture : Throw Everything at the Wall and Hope Everyone Stops Paying Attention .
[ tags ] what the fuck is wrong with america , comic , political cartoon , what the fuck america , torture , prosecution , impeachment , what is a matter with america , democrats , republicans , cia , interrogation , Guantanamo bay , abu ghraib [ / tags ]
Steueroasen werden zum Streitpunkt in der EU Der Kampf gegen Steuerbetrug hat in der EU einen offene Konflikt ausgelöst .
Luxemburg kritisierte , dass sogenannte Steueroasen – darunter die Schweiz – an den Pranger gestellt werden und erteilte Vorschlägen für das weitere Vorgehen in Steuerbelangen eine Abfuhr .
Ministerpräsident Juncker drohte mit Folgen .
Hat das Vorgehen gegen sogenannte Steueroasen noch nicht verdaut : Luxemburgs Ministerpräsident Juncker .
( Bild : Reuters )
( sda/dpa / Reuters ) Luxemburgs Ministerpräsident Jean - Claude Juncker ist nach wie vor empört darüber , dass die Organisation für wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit und Entwicklung ( OECD ) auf ihrer « Grauen Liste » auch europäische Länder aufgeführt hat .
Aufgelistet sind neben Luxemburg auch die Schweiz , Belgien und Österreich .
Beschluss übergangen
Beim EU - Gipfel kurz zuvor sei beschlossen worden , dass kein europäisches Land auf eine solche Liste gesetzt werden soll , sagte Juncker bei einem Treffen der EU - Finanzminister am Dienstag in Brüssel .
» Das wird ein Nachspiel haben » , drohte er erneut .
In Brüssel kursieren derzeit Gerüchte , der dienstälteste Regierungschef Europas spiele mit dem Gedanken , den Posten als Chef der Euro - Finanzministergruppe hinzuschmeissen .
Der tschechische Finanzminister und EU - Ratsvorsitzende Miroslaw Kalousek bedauerte ausdrücklich , dass die drei EU - Länder auf die OECD - Liste gesetzt wurden .
« Ich halte es für nötig , mich bei Luxemburg , Belgien und Österreich zu entschuldigen » , sagte Kalousek .
« Die Veröffentlichung ihrer Namen auf dieser Liste war nicht fair . »
Steinbrück wettert weiter
Der deutsche Finanzminister Peer Steinbrück wies dies zurück : « Wir haben uns nicht zu entschuldigen . »
Es gehe nicht um Fragen des Umgangsstils , sondern um Steuerbetrug .
Er räumte ein , dass Listen von Steueroasen « widerspruchsbehaftet » seien .
Trotz ihrer Unvollständigkeit empfinde er sie als richtig , sagte Steinbrück .
Vorstellung der « guten Staatsführung »
Uneinigkeit herrscht in der EU auch beim weiteren Vorgehen .
Die EU - Kommission präsentierte am Finanzminister - Treffen ihre Empfehlungen zu einer « guten Staatsführung » in Steuerbelangen .
Luxemburg stellte sich gegen diese Pläne .
Luxemburg unterstütze die Forderung von EU - Steuerkommissar Laszlo Kovacs nach einer Neuverhandlung des Betrugsbekämpfungsabkommens zwischen der Schweiz und der EU nicht , sagte Budgetminister Luc Frieden .
« Was mischt sich die Kommission ein ? » , fragte er an einer Medienkonferenz .
Kein automatischer Informationsaustausch
Die Diskussionen seien unerfreulich gewesen , sagte Frieden .
Die Kommission probiere , die Situation auszunutzen , um einen automatischen Informationsaustausch in Steuerfragen zu erreichen .
Dagegen wehre sich Luxemburg .
Sein Land unterstütze die Standards der OECD zum Informationsaustausch , die Amtshilfe auch bei Steuerhinterziehung vorsehen , sagte Frieden .
Diese Standards sollten in bilaterale Doppelbesteuerungsabkommen mit jedem einzelnen Staat einfliessen .
So möchte es auch die Schweiz , welche zugesagt hat , die OECD - Standards zu respektieren .
The EU has fined US microchip supplier Intel € 1.06 billion for paying its customers to keep a competitor out of the market in what amounts to the biggest EU antitrust fine in history .
" Intel has harmed millions of European consumers by deliberately acting to keep competitors out of the market for computer chips for many years , " competition commissioner Neelie Kroes said , announcing the decision on Wednesday ( 13 May ) .
Join today and save 40 % on our yearly plan
" If we smell that there is something rotten in the state , we act . "
European Commission investigators established that Intel - which makes the x86 microprocessor found in most home computers - in 2002 to 2007 created a complex system of rebates to encourage computer manufacturers Acer , Dell , HP , Lenovo and NEC to exclusively use its hardware .
The California - based firm also gave German consumer electronics chain Media Markt financial benefits for stocking Intel chip-using PCs .
Intel 's main competitor , Advanced Micro Devices ( AMD ) , also of California , alerted Brussels to the problem back in 2000 .
Intel 's internal documents - seen by the commission - identified AMD as a threat .
Brussels on Wednesday also demanded that Intel rein in its current rebates schemes to fit the law .
" The commission will be monitoring compliance closely , " Ms Kroes said .
The fine amounts to 4.15 percent of Intel 's € 28 billion worldwide turnover .
It also damages the company 's reputation , painting it as a predator on consumers and an enemy of innovation .
Intel CEO Paul Otellini has promised to appeal the ruling in the EU courts in Luxembourg .
" We do not believe our practices violated European law , " he said in a statement published an hour after Ms Kroes ' press conference .
" The Directorate General for Competition of the Commission ignored or refused to obtain significant evidence . "
AMD welcomed the fine , calling Intel an " abusive monopolist . "
The Brussels - based consumer welfare group , BEUC , has also asked the commission for help in bringing a collective court action to compensate computer buyers .
" It is not acceptable that such a number of consumers suffer damages and have no way to obtain justice , " BEUC director Monique Goyens said .
Under EU law , any international company that operates in the single market must abide by its rules .
Intel is to pay the € 1.06 billion fine within three months into a blocked bank account , pending the result of its appeal .
If it loses , the fine and interest accrued will flow into the EU 's general budget .
The fine is the biggest in EU history , following the previous record of €899 million against US software manufacturer Microsoft .
The sum is roughly equivalent to what Cyprus receives from the EU budget each year .
The Intel ruling comes after the commission in the current recession tolerated major EU state - aid grants to the banking and car manufacturing sectors , blunting Ms Kroes ' reputation as a guardian of EU competition law .
The Dutch commissioner is reportedly seeking a second term in Brussels .
Almost a third of adults in the study were vegetarian A vegetarian diet may help to protect against cancer , a UK study suggests .
Analysis of data from 52,700 men and women shows that those who did not eat meat had significantly fewer cancers overall than those who did .
But surprisingly , the researchers also found a higher rate of colorectal cancer - a disease linked with eating red meat - among the vegetarians .
Writing in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition the team said the findings were worth looking into .
Although it is widely recommended that people eat five portions of fruit and vegetables a day to reduce their risk of cancer and other diseases , there is very little evidence looking specifically at a vegetarian diet .
It suggests there might be some reduction in cancers in vegetarians and fish - eaters and we need to look carefully at that
Professor Tim Key , study leader
In the latest study , researchers looked at men and women aged 20 to 89 recruited in the UK in the 1990s .
They divided participants into meat - eaters , fish - eaters , vegetarians and vegans .
During follow - up there were fewer cancers than would be expected in the general population - probably because they were a healthier than average group of people .
But there was a significantly lower incidence of all cancers among the fish - eaters and vegetarians compared with the meat eaters .
' Confusion '
For colorectal cancer , however that trend was reversed with vegetarians having a significantly higher incidence of the condition than the other groups .
The researchers were surprised at the finding , which contradicts previous evidence linking eating lots of red meat with the disease .
Study leader Professor Tim Key , a Cancer Research UK epidemiologist at the University of Oxford , said no previous study had looked at diet in this way and there had been a lot of confusion about the issue .
" It 's interesting - it suggests there might be some reduction in cancers in vegetarians and fish - eaters and we need to look carefully at that . "
He added : " It does n't support the idea that vegetarians would have lower rates of colorectal cancer and I think it means we need to think more carefully about how meat fits into it . "
More work is needed to unpick the links between diet and cancer but such studies are incredibly hard to do , he said .
Dr Joanne Lunn , a senior nutrition scientist at the British Nutrition Foundation , said the findings highlight the fact that cancer is a complex disease and many different lifestyle factors play a part in determining a person 's risk .
" An interesting observation was that the vegetarians had a higher rate of colorectal cancer than the meat - eaters .
" When you look at the detail of their diets , the meat - eaters , to which the vegetarians in this group were compared , are eating only moderate amounts of meat each day - well within the recommendations .
" Both groups are also just about meeting the recommendation to eat at least 5 portions of fruits and vegetables a day . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Welcome to a Gardening with Biochar FAQ !
... a work in progress ...
When gardeners add carefully made charcoal to garden soil , we are , in effect attempting to follow in the footsteps of the originators of Terra Preta .
Because we do n't know exactly how that process worked , nor how we can best adapt it outside its area of origin , we are left to discover much of this by experimenting with our own gardens and comparing observations within our own communities .
1.0 What is Biochar ?
From a scientific paper :
Biochar is ... plant biomass derived materials contained within the black carbon ( BC ) continuum .
This definition includes chars and charcoal , and excludes fossil fuel products or geogenic carbon .
From the International Biochar Initiative :
Biochar is a fine - grained charcoal high in organic carbon and largely resistant to decomposition .
It is produced from pyrolysis of plant and waste feedstocks .
As a soil amendment , biochar creates a recalcitrant soil carbon pool that is carbon - negative , serving as a net withdrawal of atmospheric carbon dioxide stored in highly recalcitrant soil carbon stocks .
The enhanced nutrient retention capacity of biochar - amended soil not only reduces the total fertilizer requirements but also the climate and environmental impact of croplands .
Char - amended soils have shown 50 - 80 percent reductions in nitrous oxide emissions and reduced runoff of phosphorus into surface waters and leaching of nitrogen into groundwater .
As a soil amendment , biochar significantly increases the efficiency of and reduces the need for traditional chemical fertilizers , while greatly enhancing crop yields .
Renewable oils and gases co-produced in the pyrolysis process can be used as fuel or fuel feedstocks .
Biochar thus offers promise for its soil productivity and climate benefits .
One hypothesis is that the best biochar is formed by low temperature pyrolysis , ideally at about 500 deg C ( see Figure 1 ) , with higher temperature pyrolysis producing a more traditional charcoal .
This is a high enough temperature to achieve maximal surface area but also low enough temperature to achieve some bio-oil condensate retention .
When used broadly , the term biochar simply refers to charcoal made from any biomass waste , and may or may not have a significant bio-oil condensate component .
In this broader context biochar is simply charcoal which could be used to improve soil quality .
Biochar enthusiasts generally agree that raw biochar needs to be processed further prior to being added to the garden .
Composting , or soaking with compost tea , is commonly used to charge the pore volume with beneficial organisms and nutrients .
Soaking in a nutrient rich solution ( examples are urine or fish emulsion ) prior to composting is accepted practice .
Figure 1 : The properties of biochar greatly depend upon the pyrolysis temperature .
Temperature effects on carbon recovery , CEC , pH and surface area .
Lehmann ( 2007 ) , Front . Ecol. Environ .
5:381-387 . [ 1 ]
1.01 Should garden biochar have an activated carbon component ?
Seems like a good bet that this will turn out to be the case .
Activated carbon has a higher active surface area , sometimes an order of magnitude higher , compared to unactivated biochar .
This is achieved at high temperature with the introduction of steam and / or chemicals in the absence of oxygen .
There is growing interest in this potential characteristic of biochar .
Attempts to achieve activated charcoal in a garden - scale kiln involve quenching , putting steam in contact with the charcoal at greater than 500 deg C .
While steam activation is workable in an industrial setting [ 1 ] , further study is needed .
Activated carbon has yet to be confirmed as achievable in garden - scale pyrolysis , or even as a characteristic relevant to achieving Terra Preta .
1.02 What are the benefits of using biochar in the garden ?
The following benefits occur with additions of biochar
Enhanced plant growth
Suppressed methane emission
Reduced nitrous oxide emission ( estimate 50 % ) ( see 5.10 below )
Reduced fertilizer requirement ( estimate 10 % )
Reduced leaching of nutrients
Stored carbon in a long term stable sink
Reduces soil acidity : raises soil pH ( see 5.01 below )
Reduces aluminum toxicity
Increased soil aggregation due to increased fungal hyphae
Improved soil water handling characteristics
Increased soil levels of available Ca , Mg , P , and K
Increased soil microbial respiration
Increased soil microbial biomass
Stimulated symbiotic nitrogen fixation in legumes
Increased arbuscular mycorrhyzal fungi
Increased cation exchange capacity
1 .03 How much biochar do I need to apply to achieve these benefits ?
This is the subject of ongoing studies .
The degree of benefit clearly increases with the application rate .
If you are satisfied with a very rough estimate , we would venture that a target application rate of 5 kg / m2 ( 1 lb / ft2 ) would be sufficient to achieve these results in most gardens .
However , there are substantial benefits related to soil biology at rates well below 1 kg / m2 .
This FAQ includes information on how to use small amounts of biochar in your garden to best advantage .
[ peer review requested on target application rate statement ]
1.04
How long does it take for these benefits to become apparent ?
How long do they persist ?
Some effects , such as lowering soil acidity , occur immediately .
Other effects depend on soil biology and take time to develop .
Increased cation exchange capacity will take several years to develop fully .
The good news is that these effects are very persistent .
1.05 How does biochar relate to agrichar and to Terra Preta ?
Biochar is sold under a range of brand names such as the well - known global brand name and US registered trademark Agrichar™ which relates to Biochar produced from the BEST Energies proprietary slow pyrolysis process .
Biochar was fundamental to the creation of Terra Preta de Indio , as it is to creating its modern equivalent , Terra Preta Nova .
Terra Preta " Classic " was made by adding charcoal , broken pottery shards , along with organic fertilizer amendments .
This , in conjunction with the microbial ecology occurring in these soils , resulted in an incredibly fertile soil , and a reputation for self - regeneration .
The effects of adding biochar in Terra Preta de Indio have persisted for millenia .
Initial studies indicate we should not expect biochar to instantly recreate the full effect of Terra Preta de Indio , however , persistent partial effects are readily apparent for the duration of longer term studies .
The degree to which Terra Preta de Indio is dependent on a community of soil biology unique to the Amazon is not known .
In some ways , this is what you , the gardener , is going to attempt to discover .
It is conceivable that the full effect of biochar in your garden will be seen by your grandchildren , but not by you .
1.06 What is pyrolysis ?
Pyrolysis is the chemical decomposition of organic materials by heating in the absence of oxygen .
This yields combustible gases ( called syngas ) , tars and charcoal .
The charcoal produced is a combination of black carbon , along with small amounts of bio-oil condensates , tars and ash .
1.07 Do charcoal properties vary with source and temperature ?
What properties are important to the gardener ?
Charcoal 's chemical properties do vary with source and temperature .
In the opinion of this author the single most important quality of charcoal to the gardener is the ability to lower acidity , also termed liming capacity or effective neutralizing power .
This is easily measured in an agricultural laboratory as calcium carbonate equivalent ( CCE ) .
If you are growing acid -loving plants you will want a charcoal with negligible CCE , and purportedly this is true of Mulga ( Acacia ) wood , bamboo , and pine needle derived charcoal .
If you are combating low soil pH and aluminum toxicity you will want a charcoal with substantial CCE .
Oak and maple hardwood charcoal appear to have substantial CCE .
Apparently Amazonian hardwood derived charcoal shares this characteristic .
Raising soil pH has been identified as biochar 's most important contribution to influencing soil quality in the context of Terra Preta .
( Source )
1.08 What temperature range is considered " low temperature " in the context of biochar ?
The theoretical low end of the range approaches 120 deg C , the lowest temperature at which wood will char , ( Reference ) thus the temperature at the pyrolysis front .
A more practical low end is to use the piloted ignition temperature of wood , typically 350 deg C. ( Reference )
The theoretical high end , between biochar and more traditional charcoal , depends on the process and feedstock used , but is seldom indicated in excess of 600 deg C .
This temperature range is more relevant to woody charcoal than to charcoal made from bamboo , or other high cellulose fuels .
Woody charcoal has an interior layer of bio-oil condensates that microbes consume and is equal to glucose in its effect on microbial growth ( Christoph Steiner , Energy with Agricultural Carbon Utilization ( EACU ) Symposium , June , 2004 ) High temperature char loses this layer and consequently may not promote soil fertility as well .
( Source )
1.09 Can I substitute other forms of charcoal for biochar ?
Absolutely .
While the bio-oil condensates in biochar definitely play a role in soil fertility , charcoal without bio-oil condensates has been demonstrated to produce excellent results .
It is normally advisable to avoid industrial charcoal briquettes because the binders used during manufacture can add undesirable constituents .
On the other hand , briquette binder can be innocuous .
See below ( 5.08 ) for information on how to receive some standardized rice - hull charcoal to conduct your own home research pot trials , and compare your results with others .
1.10 Does charcoal break down in soil ?
Charcoal is highly stable , however soil microbes do break it down , although at a very slow rate .
( More ... )
1.11 Where can I join in with this community of Terra Preta enthusiasts ?
2.0 How do I Get Biochar ?
You can purchase charcoal from a biochar manufacturer , you can purchase any of a wide range of charcoal products suitable for amending soil , or you can make charcoal yourself .
Hopefully when you do , you can pick up the knack of making charcoal which retains that condensate goodness .
2.01 Where can I purchase biochar ?
How much should I pay ?
Currently manufactured biochar is in short supply and is fully utilized for academic research projects .
BEST Energies is purported to have a target price of AUD $ 200 / Mg ( Mg is the same as a metric tonne ) for Agrichar™ .
This is equivalent to USD $ 0.06 /lb , and would be very competitively priced .
The alternative is to purchase charcoal safe for use in the soil , which by broader definition , can also be regarded as biochar .
In Britain charcoal is widely available in nurseries .
In Australia , you can ocassionally buy Redhead brand bamboo charcoal from supermarkets , or small bags of horticultural charcoal .
Much cheaper is to ask your Charcoal BBQ Chicken shop for a 20 kg bag of Mulga ( Acacia species native to the Australia bush country ) charcoal for about AUD $ 30 ( about USD $ 0.30 / lb ) .
This will need to be ground a little in a motar and pestle before use .
It is excellent mixed in rough chunks in native orchids potting mixes .
It purportedly has a pH of 6.0 so can be used on acid loving plants .
Cowboy brand hardwood charcoal is available in the United States in 20 pound bags by the pallet , about 600 pounds .
On sale , individual 20 pound bags have been available for about USD $ 0.50 / lb .
For larger amounts , as in a shipping container , consider coconut shell charcoal , at times in mid-2008 available for less than USD $ 300 / Mg ( about USD $ 0.14 /lb ) .
Worth repeating :
It is normally advisable to avoid charcoal briquettes because the binders used during manufacture can add undesirable constituents .
2.02 What can I grow to make my own charcoal ?
In Britain commercially available charcoal is made from fuel produced by " coppicing " as has been done in British forests for more than 2,000 years .
This is an ecologically sustainable use of forests and may contribute to the health and longevity of some British forests .
2.03 Can I burn to bones to make charcoal for my garden ?
Yes .
It appears that charcoal derived from bones , along with charcoal derived from other types of food wastes , was a component in Terra Preta de Indio .
Bones are an excellent source of phosphorus , an element in limited supply in cellulosic charcoal .
Initial impressions are that bone charcoal will have higher ash and CCE ( See 1.07 ) than cellulose - derived charcoal .
2.04 How do I make my own charcoal ?
Colliers the world over normally use either a covered pit [ Example ] or a covered mound ( earth kiln ) [ Example ] to make charcoal .
This approach is about 10 % to 15 % efficient .
Most gardeners will want to start with an easier method that works at a smaller scale .
Home pyrolysis is pretty easy to accomplish and a simple burn barrel is a common starting point .
A bottom ventilated , bottom lit burn barrel is a popular variation .
This usually involves a torch and snuff ( or douse ) routine .
This approach is about 5 % to 10 .
[ Example ]
If you have some basic tools for cutting metal , you can make barrel into a higher yielding kiln [ Example ] .
No matter what technique you use to make charcoal , choosing uniformly sized , dry woody material produces the highest yields .
Uniformity is one reason that colliers will routinely use coppiced hardwoods .
Gases produced from dry feedstock is easier to flare , a highly desireable feature .
Flaring off the flammable smoke produced during charcoal production is a good practice for eliminating smoke as well as the methane ( CH4 ) produced ( See 2.09 and Gases ) .
An alternative use of the smoke produced is to condense it and retrieve it .
( More information ) Returning this liquid to the biochar , or using it alone , can have a stimulating effect on soil biology .
( Source )
This liquid is comprised of hundreds of compounds , ranging from thick tars to lighter alcohol , phenol and acid compounds .
Terms applied to this liquid are bio-oil condensates , creosote , liquid smoke , pyroligneous liquor , pyrogenous acid , and wood vinegar .
( More information )
If you want to use the heat generated to cook with , consider Robert Flanagan 's Biochar Stove . [ Example1 ] [ Video ] or Folke Günther 's simple two barrel system .
The inner can in Folke 's system acts as a retort , restricting the air supply to the target feed stock for the duration of the burn .
An outside heat source pyrolyzes the retort contents , small openings in the retort allow wood gas to escape , but restrict the flow of oxygen in .
Retorts are capable of very high yield efficiency .
2.05
What are some higher volume and more efficient approaches to making charcoal for the garden ?
A Large Drum Retort .
Use a drum with a fairly tight lid .
Place it on a stand over the hearth .
A common , albeit questionable , adaptation is to perforate the bottom of the drum to use the volatile gasses to fire the retort .
[ Example ]
The alternative is to run a piece of perforated pipe from the top of the drum to the firebox underneath .
[ Example1 ] [ Example2 ] [ Example3 ]
With the right fuel choice a large drum retort adapted to burn the smoke will not only have a higher overall yield , it will also cut back dramatically on the smoke produced .
A Masonry Retort Kiln .
Check out the Adam - retort aka Improved Charcoal Production System ( ICPS ) .
At 3 cubic meter capacity , this is a tad too big to be considered a garden - level option but maybe someone can come up with a smaller sub - 1M3 capacity size .
If a smaller size can also achieve the 3M3's 35 % to 45 % efficiency , use the flare to help sustain the process , and be modified to capture some wood vinegar , it would be a huge boon to the individual biochar using gardener .
Adding a pyrolysis gas burner to a wood gas stove inpired approach .
In a wood gas stove inspired approach ( see TLUD page ) , wide separation between the pyrolysis front ( and the charcoal accumulating upstrem from it ) and the flare is desireable for retaining the charcoal .
Work on a passive double chimney configuration looks very promising . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] .
Active systems also show great promise .
Adding a fan to the primary intake is a fairly common adaptation to control the rate of gas production in the range needed to achieve flare .
More sophisticated approaches are being tried also :
For about [ USD ] $ 700 you can have an automated system that controls air supply to optimize combustion and minimize emissions .
It can control a damper or an appropriately sized variable speed fan that injects air into the pyrolysis gases .
This system is based on a Bosch wide band sensor which monitors stack oxygen levels and offers feedback control vis a programable logic controller ( PLC ) to maintain an excess air regime required for complete combustion .
If the geometry is right products of incomplete combustion will be minimized and negligable .
( Source )
2.06 How do I make charcoal that achieves biochar structure and chemistry ?
Structure is a mostly of a function of the fuel type .
Hardwoods are currently preferred in this regard , but the understanding in this area is in flux .
The chemistry is better defined .
The burn process should be controlled to retain condensates .
The tools to achieve this in a home - based setting are limited but also blessedly simple .
In all approaches it means restricting the air supply to slow the burn rate and achieve a low enough pyrolysis temperature that all the tars and volatiles produced do n't gas off .
Being willing to tolerate the inefficent combustion of smoke production , even if only near the end of the burn , certainly makes it easier to retain this volatile liquid component .
Being willing to dowse or damping off the burn before it makes the transition from a wood gas fire to a coal gas fire also helps .
That can result in some brown char mixed in with the black char , but when it comes to garden soil , its all good .
2.07 How much charcoal yield can I expect ?
On a dry matter weight basis , as well as an energy basis , between 20 percent , for a Top Lit Updraft ( TLUD ) gasifier with low superficial velocity ( Source - PDF ) , and 60 percent , for a retort under ideal conditions .
40 percent is a reasonable goal .
[ Sources needed ]
2.08
What refractory materials can I use to make a kiln ?
a retort ?
Steel and / or bricks .
Nothing unusual really , and can use readily available materials .
You can make a TLUD - esque design from standard 24 gauge snap lock black stovepipe .
The heat will tend to defeat the snap lock so use a couple of sheet metal screws , or move up to welded seems .
One advantage of the snaplock is that you can join sheets to get a larger diameter .
Steel cooking oil cans and oil jober drums are particularly adaptable .
For larger kilns , brick becomes essential .
I 'll see if I can dig up some information on designs and the refractory requirements of the brick and the mortar .
2.09 What gases does pyrolysis produce ?
The dominant combustible gases produced are carbon monoxide and hydrogen , along with a small amount of methane ( CH4 ) , a powerful GHG , which comprises 2 - 3 % of the produced gas .
Carbon dioxide is also produced , especially with higher fuel moisture content .
( Source ) Flaring the producer gas eliminates the methane component .
( More ) .
2.10 How much heat does pyrolysis produce ?
Pyrolysis itself is endothermic , thus requires an input of heat to be sustained .
Heating value of the gas produced is 5,000 - 5,900 kJ / m³. ( Source ) Comparatively less than the heating value of natural gas , 33,320 to 42,000 kJ / m³ ( Source - PDF ) , it is still substantial .
2.13 Is charcoal worth more as a fuel than as a soil amendment ?
This can certainly occur .
Its value as a soil amendment is highest when it is used in small amounts for carrying inoculate , or side dressing with starter fertilizer .
It is also of high value on those high value crops that are responsive to high fertilizer inputs .
A basic spreadsheet can help in evaluating this .
2.14 Is charcoal worth more as a fuel than its value for offsetting greenhouse gases ?
Maybe yes .
Maybe no .
3.0
What do I do with the charcoal once I 've made it ?
You can use freshly made charcoal as is , especially in small amount .
For larger amounts , the choices are to crush , screen , add liquids , add dry materials , and to compost it .
( Photos )
3.01
Why would I need to prepare the biochar , as opposed to applying it as is ?
There are several reasons that might apply to your situation .
Fresh charcoal is hydrophobic , as well as reactive in terms of chemistry and nutrient profile .
It also may be dominated by a size fraction that is larger than desired for the specific application .
3.02 What size should the biochar be ?
Finer is better from a soil and plant views , but finer is worse from a dust control and air quality view .
Considering that charcoal naturally degrades in soil to a fine size , the level of effort exerted to make fine charcoal is really driven by the application sytem employed : banding fine charcoal down the seed row will require fine sand grain sized particles , but there is no fundamental reason to prevent incorporating gravel sized pieces .
3.03
What are some ways to crush and screen biochar ?
For crushing , I am leaning to a mortor and pestle approach : a 5 cm dia tree branch and something like a 20 liter bucket with a plywood insert in the bottom .
For screening , I think a sloped screen works better than a horizontal screen for higher volumes .
]
3.04
What can I do to make the biochar easier to crush ?
Wetting and drying it seems to help .
Be aware that soaking separates the soluble ash largely responsible for the calcium carbonate equivalency ( CCE , the liming effect ) and the salinity which can be a net benefit to acidic soils .
Crushing it with a little moisture in it helps to control dust without removing the soluble ash content .
3.05 Besides water , what else can I soak the biochar in ?
You would want to choose materials that would mitigate stalling [ See 5.04 ] : Compost tea , MiracleGro™ ( Calculation ) , fish emulsion , urine , more on urine , ....
3.06 Can I add biochar to compost ?
Yes .
This will help fill the biochar with biology and humic substances .
For the added benefit of odor control , consider topping off each addition to the household kitchen scrap collector with a healthy layer of biochar .
3.07 Will biochar affect the compost process ?
Casual observation indicates that adding fine , freshly made biochar may accelerate the composting process .
3.05 Will biochar harm the worms in my compost ?
Composting worms have been observed to be unaffected below 50 % charcoal content , above which reduced worm activity could occur .
3.08 Can I use biochar in my composting toilet ?
Yes .
Again , the added benefit of odor control is compelling .
4.0 How do I apply Biochar ?
4.01
What is the target application rate to achieve the effects of biochar ?
From the data available to date , it appears that crops respond positively to biochar additions up to at least 50 Mg C ha - 1 , provided sufficient fertilizer is provided to prevent charcoal induced stalling ( see 5.04 ) .
This is equivalent to 5 kg / m2 ( 1 lb / sf ) and works out to a loose charcoal depth of about 5 cm or 2 in .
( Calculation ) Crops may show growth reductions at higher applications .
For most plant species and soil conditions studied to date , this growth reduction did not occur even with 140 Mg C ha -1 .
4.01 What materials combine well with biochar for application ?
4.02 How is biochar generally used ?
[ normally , mixed in much the way you would prepare a planting bed by mixing in compost and other bulk organic amendments ]
4.03
What is the normal application rate for biochar ?
This is not well established
4.04
Are there benefits to deeper placement ?
[ better prevent leaching loss , mycorrhyzal highway below normal cultivation ]
4.05
Are there benefits to using biochar as a mulch ?
[ better prevent denitrification loss of nitrous oxide , methane emmisions .
Heat up seedbed in spring ]
4.06 I have a very limited supply of biochar , what is its highest and best use ?
[ Expand .
seedball , sidedress with starter fertilizer , fungi innoculate ]
5.0 What happens after biochar is in the soil ?
5.01 Does biochar affect soil pH ?
Raising soil pH is biochar 's most important contribution to influencing soil quality .
( Source ) Soil pH mostly influences the relative availability of nutrients .
At low pH , aluminum toxicity is particularly harmful to plant growth .
Aluminum toxicity is an extensive and severe soil problem and biochar is the most available and obvious solution that we have to combat it .
Soil phosphorus availability is highly dependent on soil pH range , and thus biochar can be used to substantially increase phosphorus availability in soils that are below the ideal pH range of 6.5 to 7.0 .
( More on biochar and soil pH )
5.02 Does biochar increase soil CEC and Base Saturation ?
5.03 Does biochar improve soil moisture characteristics ?
5.04 Can adding biochar cause stalled growth ?
Adding charcoal to soil can cause growth to stall where soil nitrogen levels are low .
That is probably not the case in most garden situations which have the advantage of compost , manure and kitchen scraps .
The combination of returning bio-chars with high C/N ratios and abiotic buffering of mineral N may in some situations lead to low N availability to crops ( Lehmann and Rondon 2005 ) .
In experiments in northern Sweden , however , increased nitrification and decreased ammonification was found after the addition of activated C to a pine forest ( Berglund et al. 2004 ) .
It appears that the effects of bio-char on N dynamics in soils is not entirely understood .
In a greenhouse study in Colombia , leguminous plants were able to compensate for low N availability with increased biological N2 fixation which is actually stimulated by bio-char additions ( Rondon et al. 2004 ) .
Non-legumes , however , may require additional N fertilization to compensate for the immobilization .
This is an undesirable effect as more N applications require more production of N fertilizers which is very energy - demanding ( West and Marland 2002 ) .
( Source - PDF )
5.05
What can be done to prevent stalled growth ?
Three solutions are possible which are not mutually exclusive : ( i ) bio-chars are only applied to leguminous plants until sufficient N has built up to allow economically satisfactory production of non-legumes without a net increase of N fertilization ; ( ii ) bio-chars are fortified with N for example in a composting step or during the production of bio-char in an energy production process ( Lee and Li 2003 ) ; ( iii ) the amounts of applied bio -char are adjusted at a sufficiently low level to allow for N to accumulate and plant productivity to optimize .
( Source - PDF )
5.05 Does biochar affect soil ecology ?
The structure of the charcoal provide a refuge for small beneficial soil organisms from large grazers like earthworms .
Charcoal increases activity by mycorhizal fungi .
It does n't appear that this effect changes with the manufacturing temperature of the charcoal .
There is a long tradition in Japan of using charcoal as a soil improver .
Nishio ( 1996 ) states “ the idea that the application of charcoal stimulates indigenous arbuscular mycorrhiza fungi in soil and thus promotes plant growth is relatively well - known in Japan , although the actual application of charcoal is limited due to its high cost ” .
The relationship between mycorrhizal fungi and charcoal may be important in realising the potential of charcoal to improve fertility .
Nishio ( 1996 ) reports that charcoal was found to be ineffective at stimulating alfalfa growth when added to sterilised soil , but that alfalfa growth was increased by a factor of 1.7-1.8 when unsterilised soil containing native mycorrizal fungi was also added .
Warnock et al ( 2007 ) suggest four possible mechanisms by which biochar might influence mycorrhizal fungi abundance .
These are ( in decreasing order of currently available evidence supporting them ) : “ alteration of soil physico - chemical properties ; indirect effects on mycorrhizae through effects on other soil microbes ; plant–fungus signalling interference and detoxification of allelochemicals on biochar ; and provision of refugia from fungal grazers .
( Source - PDF )
Low temperature woody charcoal ( more so than grass or high cellulose ) has an interior layer of bio-oil condensates that microbes consume and is equal to glucose in its effect on microbial growth ( Christoph Steiner , Energy with Agricultural Carbon Utilization ( EACU ) Symposium , June , 2004 ) ( Source )
Steiner et al ( 2008 ) observed that basal respiration ( BR ) , microbial biomass , population growth and the microbe 's efficiency ( expressed by the metabolic quotient ) increased linearly and significantly with increasing charcoal concentrations ( 50 , 100 and 150 g kg - 1 soil ) .
Application of smoke condensates ( pyroligneous acid , PA ) causes a sharp increase in all these , plus in substrate - induced respiration ( SIR ) , as well as an exponential increase in population .
We suppose that the condensates from smoke contain easily degradable substances and only small amounts of inhibitory agents , which could be utilized by the microbes for their metabolism .
( Source )
Aggregation is improved :
The presence of bio-char in soils actively promotes the formation of aggregates through a greater abundance of fungal hyphae .
Bio-char is able to serve as a habitat for extraradical fungal hyphae that sporulate in their micropores due to lower competition from saprophytes ( Saito and Marumoto , 2002 ) .
( Source - PDF )
5.06 Does biochar improve plant growth ?
5.07 How much improved plant growth can I expect ?
You can expect that harvested weight will be , in most cases , observeably higher with a combination of char + fertilizer than you will achieve with the same amount of fertilizer alone .
In some cases , the observed effect will be dramatic .
Steiner ( 2007 ) reported a doubling of maize grain yield with fertilizer + char compared to fertilizer alone .
Yields subsequently declined over the course of four cropping cycles , however , the decline was less with char than with without .
Significantly , soil P , K , Ca , Mg remained higher in the char amended soil despite greater harvest removal .
( Source - PDF ) .
Considering the few places that biochar has been tried , it should not come as a tremendous surprise to find that your actual results may turn out to be less than dramatic than this .
Data on the effect of charcoal on crop yields is still rudimentary – only a limited number of crops grown on a limited number of soils have been investigated .
The interactions between crop , soil type , local conditions , and biochar feedstock , production method and application rate will have to be studied in far more detail before large scale deployment of biochar as a soil amendment can be contemplated .
Nonetheless , there is evidence that at least for some crop / soil combinations , addition of charcoal may be beneficial .
( Source - PDF )
5.08 How much carbon dioxide does sequestered biochar offset ?
One kg charcoal , at 5 % ash , offsets 3.3 kg carbon dioxide .
On a home and garden scale , assuming that a gallon of gasoline releases 2.4kg of carbon and assuming that one wants to get to a negative carbon value then utilizing a 4kg bag of Cowboy brand charcoal as biochar comfortably offsets the carbon dioxide produced , with room to accomodate tha carbon footprint of delivering the charcoal to the garden .
The production of the charcoal itself has no carbon footprint assuming the fuel used to make the charcoal was diverted from fate of decomposition .
( Nod to Pangolin )
5.09
How much nitrous oxide formation does biochar prevent ?
Soil scientist Lucas Van Zweiten has observed a 5 to 10 fold reduction in nitrous oxide emmissions with biochars he is working with in an agricultural setting .
Generally , soil with elevated soil nitrate levels in the presence of sufficient moisture and robust soil organic matter will have higher nitrous oxide production , and thus will be more likely to benefit at the levels observed by Van Zweiten .
However ,
The effect of biochar production on nitrous oxide emissions is largely an unknown factor .
Although there is a possibility that biochar additions may reduce N2O direct emissions from soils , and may also reduce indirect N2O emissions by reducing nitrate run-off , neither of these possibilities has been adequately demonstrated under a range of different agricultural conditions .
( Source - PDF )
Romanian Teen To Pay Half Of Her Virginity - Auctioned Earnings To Gov
Teen now faces more than just the moral issue of auctioning off her virginity to pay for school .
From the , “ Wow , this whole thing is really sad ” file :
For those who do n’t know , Alina Percea , a Romanian teenage girl living in Germany , recently auctioned off her virginity to an Italian businessman for 8,800 pounds .
Her reasoning was to pay for school .
What smacks of a horrible Hollywood movie plot has gone beyond a moral issue to one of economics : the German government is demanding she pay taxes on her earned income .
And that could mean over half of her earnings will be taken by the government .
According to a German official :
It is not a moral standpoint but a fiscal one .
Prostitution is not an illegal act in Germany , but not paying tax on earned money is .
Apparently , after the tryst , the 18 - year - old discussed how she got along well with the 45 - year - old businessman , having “ unprotected sex at a luxury Venetian hotel . ”
Not exactly the poster child for safe - sex ; shocking , I know .
Previously , we ’ve covered when to draw the line when defending cultural norms , but this feels like it ’s gone too far .
It gets worse : Alina had also gone through two medical examinations to prove her virginity .
What year are we living in exactly ?
Wonder if she still is so keen on him now that she has to part with that much of the money .
Kinda makes you wonder if it ’s worth it .
What do you think – was the government right to tax her virgin- earnings ?
Or should they have stopped the transaction in the first place ?
Share your thoughts below .
I have n't been sleeping in my room : there is a mess of brown streaks on the mattress .
No odor , but psychologically traumatizing .
How do I get rid of the stain ?
Should I get a new bed ?
Is the mattress safe to sleep on ?
For a friend :
My ex-roommate shit in my bed for revenge .
What do I do ?
Over the weekend , a retail listing seemed to indicate Mass Effect would be getting some new downloadable content in the near future .
Today , a BioWare announcement has confirmed it .
Advertisement
Sadly , it 's only confirmed that an announcement on it will be here by Friday , and says nothing about what it actually is .
Sounds like the weekend leak has has BioWare 's PR team scrambling to get some decent screenshots together before they rush out some details .
Advertisement
Here 's hoping the long wait between drinks means it 's something a little meatier than the game 's only other piece of DLC , Bring Down The Sky .
[ Mass Effect @ Twitter ]
CouchDB を探る
Web アプリケーションのためのドキュメント指向データベース
CouchDB とは何か
CouchDB はオープンソースのドキュメント指向データベース管理システムであり、アクセスには
RESTful JSON ( JavaScript Object Notation ) API が使われます 。 「 Couch 」という言葉 は 「 Cluster Of Unreliable Commodity Hardware 」の頭字語であり 、CouchDB の目標を反映しています 。CouchDB の目標とは、極めてスケーラブルであると同時に、故障を起こしがちなハードウェア上で実行された場合でも高可用性と高信頼性を実現することです。CouchDB は元々 C++ で作成されましたが、2008年4月、フォルト・トレランスを強化するために、このプロジェクトは
Erlang OTP プラットフォームに移行されました。
CouchDB は Linux® や Mac OS
X を含め、ほとんどの POSIX システムにインストールすることができます 。Windows ® は現在正式にはサポートされていませんが
、Windows プラットフォーム用の非公式なバイナリー・インストーラーの作成作業が行われています。CouchDB
はソースからインストールすることもでき、パッケージ・マネージャー
( Mac OS X の MacPorts な ど ) が入手可能な場合にはパッケージ・マネージャーを使ってインストールすることもできます。
CouchDB は Apache Software Foundation によるトップ・レベルのオープンソース・プロジェクトであり、Apache ライセンスの V2.0 のもとでリリースされています。このオープンソース・ライセンスでは、著作権に関する注意事項と免責事項の範囲内で、他のソフトウェアに使用する目的でソース・コードを使用したり変更したりすることができます。大部分のオープンソース・ライセンスと同様、このライセンスではユーザーが必要に応じてソフトウェアを使用、変更、配布することができます。Apache ライセンスのコードを使用しているとの注意書きがあれば、変更したソフトウェアを
Apache ライセンスのもとで提供する必要はありません。
ドキュメント指向データベースとリレーショナル・データベースとの違い
多くの人にとって、ドキュメント指向データベース管理システムの概念は、最初は理解しにくいものです。リレーショナル・データベース管理システムを長年扱ってきた人達の場合はなおさらです。その理由は、この 2 つのモデルの間には類似点がほとんどなく、大きくモデルが異なっているからです。
当然のことですが、ドキュメント指向データベースは一連の自己完結型のドキュメントで構成されています。つまり、ドキュメントに関するデータはすべて、そのドキュメント自体の中に保存されます。リレーショナル・データベースの場合とは異なり、関連するテーブルにドキュメントのデータが保存されるわけではありません。実際、ドキュメント指向データベースには、テーブルも、行も、列も、関係も、まったくありません。つまりドキュメント指向データベースにはスキーマがなく、データベースを実際に使う前に厳密なスキーマを定義する必要はありません。あるドキュメントに新しいフィールドを追加する場合には、単純にそのドキュメントにそのフィールドを含めることができ、そのようにしてもデータベースの中にある他のドキュメントに悪影響を与えることがありません。またこれは、ドキュメントの中の値を持たないフィールドに空のデータ値を保存する必要がない、という意味でもあります。
近く出版される本、 『CouchDB : The Definitive Guide』 ( 「 参考文献」を参照 ) では、 「実際のドキュメント」の例として名刺を取り上げ、名刺を
( リレーショナル・データベースではなく ) ドキュメント指向データベースの中に記述する方法を説明しています。名刺のデータを保存する場合、リレーショナル・データベースでは 4 つ以上のテーブルを使います。つまり「人」用のテーブル、「会社」用のテーブル、「連絡先詳細」用のテーブル、そして名刺自体のためのテーブルです。これらのテーブルはすべて、厳密に定義された列とキーを持ち、結合を使うことでデータを組み合わせます。
リレーショナル・データベースには、個々のデータが厳密に定義されるという利点がありますが、その一方で、後で変更が必要になった場合には、データ構造に柔軟性がないため、変更するのが困難です。またリレーショナル・データベースの場合、さまざまな状況にレコードを適応させることができません。例えば、ある人は
FAX 番号を持っており、ある人は持っていないかもしれません。名刺に「 FAX : なし」などと書くことはあり得ず、そうした場合には
FAX については記載しません。
ドキュメント指向データベースでは、それぞれの名刺が独自のドキュメントの中に保持され、各ドキュメントが使用フィールドを定義することができます。そのため、FAX 番号を持たない人は FAX の値を定義する必要がなく、一方で FAX 番号がある人は名刺にその番号を記載したければ FAX の値を定義することができます 。
この 2 つのタイプのデータベースが異なる点には、一意識別子の保存方法もあります。リレーショナル・データベースの場合には、自動インクリメント機能やシーケンス・ジェネレーターによって生成される主キーの概念を使うことが普通です。当然ながら、これらの識別子は、その識別子が使われるテーブルやデータベースに対して一意であるにすぎないため、他のテーブルやデータベースで同じ識別子を使うことができます。この場合、別のネットワーク上にある
2 つのデータベースに対して同時に更新操作が行われると、その 2 つのデータベースが両方とも次の一意識別子を正確に取得することができません。一方、CouchDB にはオート・インクリメント機能やシーケンス機能がありません。代わりに
CouchDB では、すべてのドキュメントに UUID ( Universally Unique Identifier : 汎用一意識別子 ) を割り当てるため、別のデータベースが誤って同じ一意識別子を選択することはあり得ません。
ドキュメント指向のデータベースとリレーショナル・データベースとのもう 1 つの重要な違いは、ドキュメント指向のデータベースが結合をサポートしていない点です。これは
CouchDB には主キーも外部キーもないことによる結果です。結合の元となるキーがないのです。これは
CouchDB データベースから相互に関連する一連のデータを取得することはできないという意味ではありません。ビューと呼ばれる機能を利用すると、実際にはデータベース自体の中で定義されていない任意の関係をドキュメント間に作成することができます。これはつまり、データベース・レイヤーの中で事前に関係を定義しなくても、典型的な
SQL の結合クエリーの利点をすべて利用できるということです。
ドキュメント指向のデータベースはリレーショナル・データベースとは異なる方式で動作しますが、リレーショナル・データベースを置き換えるわけではないことに注意することが重要です。CouchDB
はリレーショナル・データベースの置き換えではなく、ウィキやブログ、ドキュメント管理システムなど、ドキュメント指向モデルの方が適しているプロジェクトで従来のリレーショナル・データベースの代わりとなる手段なのです。
CouchDB の動作
CouchDB は、B 木による強力なストレージ・エンジンの上に構築されています。このストレージ・エンジンによって
CouchDB の中のデータはソートされた状態に維持され、また対数的な償却時間で検索、挿入、削除を行うメカニズムが提供されます。CouchDB
では内部のデータ、ドキュメント、ビューのすべてに対してこのストレージ・エンジンを使っています。
CouchDB のデータベース構造にはスキーマがないため 、CouchDB ではビューを使うことでドキュメント間に任意の関係を作成し、集約機能とレポート作成機能を実現します。こうしたビューによる結果は、分散コンピューティングを使用して大規模なデータ・セットの処理と生成を行うモデルである、
Map / Reduce を使って計算されます 。Map / Reduce モデルは Google によって導入されたもので 、Map ステップ と Reduce ステップに分解することができます 。Map ステップではマスター・ノードがドキュメントを受け取り、問題は副問題に分割されます。次にこれらの副問題はワーカー・ノードに分散され、ワーカー・ノードはそうした副問題を解決して結果をマスター・ノードに返します。Reduce ステップではマスター・ノードがワーカー・ノードからの結果を受け取り、それらの結果を組みあわせて全体としての結果と元の問題への解を得ます。
CouchDB の Map / Reduce 関数によってキーと値のペアが生成され 、CouchDB はそれらのペアをキーによるソート順で B 木エンジンに挿入します。これによっ て B 木の中でのキーによる参照が非常に効率的になり、また操作のパフォーマンスが高くなります。これはまた、多くのノードにまたがってデータを分割することができ、そのように分割しても各ノードを個別に照会できる機能は損なわれないということでもあります。
従来のリレーショナル・データベース管理システムでは、場合によってはロック機能を使って並列処理を管理し、あるクライアントがデータを更新している間は別のクライアントがそのデータにアクセスできないようにしています。こうすることによって複数のクライアントが同時に同じデータ・セットを変更してしまう事態は防ぐことができますが、多くのクライアントが同時にシステムを使用している場合には、どのクライアントがロックを受け取るかの判断やロック・キューの順序維持のためにデータベースの動作が遅くなりがちです。CouchDB
ではロック・メカニズムがない代わりに、各クライアントにデータベースの最新スナップショットが与えられる
MVCC ( Multiversion Concurrency Control ) と呼ばれる方法が使わます。これはつまり、トランザクションがコミットされるまで、他のユーザーには何も変更されていないように見えるということです。最近のほとんどのデータベースは
( Oracle ( V7 以降 ) 、MySQL ( InnoDB を使用した場合 ) 、Microsoft® SQL Server 2005 以降など ) 、ロック・メカニズムから MVCC に移行し始めています 。
ドキュメント : CouchDB データベースを構成するブロッ ク
CouchDB データベースは一意の名前を付けてドキュメントを保存します。そして保存したドキュメントをアプリケーションが読み取り、変更するために
RESTful JSON API を提供しています 。CouchDB データベースのすべてのデータはドキュメントの中に保存され、各ドキュメントは任意の数のフィールドで構成されます。これはつまり、各ドキュメントは他のドキュメントの中で定義されていないフィールドを持てるということです。言い換えると、ドキュメントは厳密なデータベース・スキーマに従う必要がないということです。
また各ドキュメントには、一意のドキュメント ID やリビジョン番号などのメタデータ ( データに関するデータ ) も含まれています。ドキュメントのフィールドには、テキスト・ストリング、数字、ブール値
( 真/偽) など、さまざまなタイプのデータを含めることができ、フィールドのサイズに制限はありません。ただし、各フィールドの名前は一意でなければなりません
( ドキュメントは同じ名前のフィールドを 2 つ持つことはできません ) 。
CouchDB ドキュメントが変更されると、その変更が実際に既存のドキュメントに加えられるのではなく、そのドキュメント全体の新しいバージョンが作成されます
( 新しいバージョン は 「 リビジョン」と呼ばれます)。つまり、ドキュメントの変更に関する完全な履歴がデータベースによって自動的に保持されるということです。このドキュメントのリビジョン管理システムの動作はウィキや
Web ベースのドキュメント管理システムでのリビジョン管理とほとんど同じですが、データベース・レベルで自動的にリビジョン処理が行われる点が異なります。
CouchDB にはロック・メカニズムがなく 、2 つのクライアントが同時に同じドキュメントをロードして編集することができます。ただし一方のクライアントが変更を保存すると、もう一方のクライアントで変更を行ってそれを保存しようとすると編集競合の警告が表示されます。この競合を解決するためには、新しいバージョンのドキュメントをロードして編集内容を適用しなおし、再度保存を試みます。CouchDB では、ドキュメントの更新が 「 オール・オア・ナッシング」つまり成功か失敗のいずれかであると保証することで、データの一貫性を維持しています。更新内容の一部が保存されたドキュメントがデータベースの中に存在することはあり得ません。
ビュー : CouchDB から有用な情報を取得す る
CouchDB は元来構造を持たず、厳密なスキーマがないことで柔軟性やスケーラビリティーの点では優れていますが、一方で実際のアプリケーションで非常に使いにくくなりかねません。リレーショナル・データベースの場合、普段使用するアプリケーションにとっては、厳密に定義されたテーブル間の関係が重要であり、その関係によってデータに意味を持たせます。ただし、ハイパフォーマンスが要求される場合にはマテリアライズド・ビューを作成することでデータを正規化されていない状態にします。ドキュメント指向のデータベースの場合、多くの点でこの逆を行います。つまりドキュメント指向のデータベースはデータをフラットなアドレス空間に保存します。これはまったく正規化されていない状態のデータ・ウェアハウスとほとんど同じです。そしてビュー・モデルを提供することでデータに構造を追加し、そのデータを集約することで有用な意味を持たせるのです。
CouchDB のビューは要求に応じて作成され、ビューを使ってデータベースの中にあるドキュメントの集約、結合、レポート作成が行われます。このビューは動的に作成され、データベースの中にあるドキュメントには何も影響を与えません。ビューはデザイン・ドキュメントの中で定義され、さまざまなインスタンスで複製することができます。これらのデザイン・ドキュメントには
JavaScript 関数が含まれており、これらの関数が MapReduce の概念を使ってクエリーを実行します。ビューの
Map 関数はドキュメントを引数に取り、一連の計算を実行することで、ビューに表示するデータを判断します。ビューに
Reduce 関数がある場合に は Reduce 関数を使って結果を集約します。ビューには一連のキーと値が渡され、ビューはそれらを組み合わせて 1 つの値にします 。
リスト 1 は CouchDB ビューの Map 関数と Reduce 関数の例です。これらの関数は添付ファイルがあるドキュメントの数をカウントします。
リスト 1 . 典型的な CouchDB ビュー
map : function ( doc ) { if ( doc._attachments ) { emit ( " with attachment " , 1 ) ; } else { emit ( " without attachment " , 1 ) ; } } reduce : function ( keys , values ) { return sum( values ) ; }
CouchDB のビューは、デザイン・ドキュメントの中に永続的に保存されるビューの場合もあり、要求に応じて実行される一時的なビューの場合もあります。一時的なビューは大量のリソースを消費するため、データベースの中に保存されるデータの量が増えるにつれて動作が遅くなります。そのため、ほとんどの場合はデザイン・ドキュメントの中で
CouchDB のビューを作成する必要があります 。
RESTful JSON API
CouchDB にはデータベースからデータを取得するための手段として
API が用意されています。この API を利用するためには HTTP の GET リクエストと POST リクエストを使うことができ、こうしたリクエストに対して
API は JSON を使った JavaScript オブジェクトの形でデータを返します。このため、どのような言語でアプリケーションが作成されている場合も容易にデータベースを操作することができます。また、Ajax リクエスト・オブジェクトを作成可能な JavaScript フレームワーク ( Prototype 、JQuery 、ExtJS など ) を使うことも可能であり 、Web アプリケーション用にサーバー・サイドの言語を使う必要はありません。
この API から返されるそのままの JSON レスポンスについて説明するために、( そしてその説明を簡単にするために ) この記事では curl というコマンドライン・ツールを使うことにします。このツールを使うと、
GET 、 POST 、 PUT 、 DELETE リクエストを発行することができ、また
Web サーバー ( この場合はローカルにインストールされた CouchDB サーバー ) から受信したそのままの HTTP レスポンスを表示することができます 。
リクエストとして curl http://127.0.0.1:5984/ を実行すると、 { " couchdb " : " Welcome " , " version " : " 0.8.1 - incubating " }
というレスポンスが返されます。この単純な
API 呼び出しは単純な GET リクエストであり、またレスポンスはインストールされている
CouchDB のバージョンを示しています。発行するリクエストのタイプを明示的に定義するためには curl の - X パラメーターを使います ( 例えば curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:5984/_all_dbs のようにします ) 。すると、 [ ] という結果が返されます。
この例では 、CouchDB サーバー上にあるすべてのデータベースの一覧を返す、特別な
CouchDB ビューの URI を要求しました。もし実際に何らかのデータベースを作成してあったとしたら、このリクエストによってデータベース名の配列が返されたはずです。しかしここでは空の
JavaScript 配列が返されています。今度はデータベースをいくつか作成し、リクエストとして curl -X PUT http://127.0.0.1:5984/fruit を実行すると、先ほどとは異なる結果が得られるはずです。
受信されるレスポンスは { " ok " : true} です。次に 2 番目のリクエストとして curl -X PUT http://127.0.0.1:5984/vegetables
を実行すると、先ほどと同じレスポンスが受信されます。ここで再度 curl -X GET
http://127.0.0.1:5984/_all_dbs
を実行してデータベースの一覧を要求します。すると今度は作成したデータベースが含まれた結果が得られます ( [ " fruit " , " vegetables " ] ) 。
これらのデータベースを作成すると、これらのデータベースはブール値の真である属性「ok」を返しました。これは実行した操作が正常に行われたことを示します。では思っていた通りの結果が得られなかった場合には何が起こるのでしょう。CouchDB
サーバーを失敗させる試みとして、既存のデータベースの 1 つと同じ名前を持つデータベースを作成してみましょう ( curl -X PUT http://127.0.0.1:5984/fruit ) 。
すると今度はレスポンスとして { " error " : " database_already_exists " , " reason " : " Database \" fruit\ " already exists . " } が得られます 。
これを見るとわかるように 、CouchDB は指定されたデータベースを作成しようとしましたが、そのプロセスでエラーが発生しました。そのため、CouchDB
は発生したエラーのエラー・コードの値 ( この場合は " database_already_exists " ) を付けて属性 " error " を返しました。もちろん、実際のアプリケーションであれば、CouchDB
サーバーからのすべてのレスポンスを調べて 属性 " error " がないかどうかを確認し、エラー・コードが見つかった場合はその値に応じてユーザーに理解しやすいエラー・メッセージを表示するはずです。
ここで例えば、vegetables データベースが必要なくなったので削除したいとします。CouchDB
の中のデータベースを削除するためには、単純にベース
URI にデータベースの名前を付加して HTTP の DELETE リクエストを発行します ( 例えば curl -X DELETE http://127.0.0.1:5984/vegetables
など ) 。すると、先ほど実行した
PUT リクエストの場合と同じく、正常に処理が行われたことを示すレスポンスが得られます。今度は
GET を使ってデータベースの一覧を取得します ( curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:5984/_all_dbs ) 。すると [ " fruit " ] というレスポンスが得られます。
データベースにデータが何もなくては意味がありません。リスト 2 のリクエストは「apple」というドキュメントを作成します。
リスト 2 . apple というドキュメントを作成す る
curl -X PUT http://127.0.0.1:5984/fruit/apple \ - H " Content - Type : application / json " -d {}
するとサーバーから { " ok " : true , " id " : " apple " , " rev " : " 1801185866 " } というレスポンスが返されます。
これでドキュメントが作成できたので、このドキュメントをデータベースから取得しましょう
( curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:5984/fruit/apple ) 。すると CouchDB は { " _id " : " apple " , " _rev " : " 1801185866 " } というレスポンスを返します。
最後の API 呼び出しとして、ある特定のデータベース ( この場合は fruit データベース ) に関する情報を取得します。そのためには curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:5984/fruit を実行します。サーバーから受信されるレスポンスから、このデータベースに関する興味深い情報が得られます。
リスト 3 . サーバーからのレスポンス
{ " db_name " : " fruit " , " doc_count " : 1 , " doc_del_count " : 0 , " update_seq " : 1 , " compact_running " : false , " disk_size " : 14263}
このセクションでは 、CouchDB が提供している RESTful JSON API として利用可能な API メソッドをいくつか紹介しました。実際にはこうした HTTP リクエストをハンドコーディングする必要はなく、皆さんが選択する適当なプログラミング言語やスクリプト言語がコーディングしてくれるはずです。
また CouchDB には 、CouchDB の管理ツールとして使用できる Futon という Web アプリケーションも含まれています。このアプリケーションを使うと、データベースやドキュメント、ドキュメントのリビジョンなどを自由自在に管理することができます。CouchDB をローカル・マシンの 5984 ポート ( デフォルト ) にインストールした場合には、ブラウザーで
http://127.0.0.1:5984/_utils/
にアクセスすれば Futon を利用することができます。図 1 は Futon が動作している様子を示しています。
図 1 . CouchDB の Futon ユーティリティーの動作画 面
リレーショナル・データベース管理システムに慣れた人達は、CouchDB
で提供されている RESTful API を初めて見ると尻込みしたくなるかもしれませんが、この
API にはデータベースとやり取りするためのユニークで非常に使いやすい手段が用意されています。従来からのデータベース・システムでは通常、何らかの
SQL クライアントを使ってデータベースに接続する必要があります。接続できると、その
SQL クライアントはデータ取得用の一連の SQL 文を受け付け 、CRUD ( Create 、 Update 、Delete ) 操作を行います 。CouchDB が RESTful JSON API を採用しているおかげで、ユーザーは HTTP プロトコルをサポートする任意のソフトウェアを使って
CouchDB に接続することができます。実際、最近のプログラミング言語やスクリプト言語には
HTTP プロトコル用のインターフェースが何らかの形で用意されているため、ほとんどすべての開発プロジェクトで
CouchDB を使うことができます 。
まとめ
Apache CouchDB プロジェクトはまだ初期の段階にあり 、CouchDB もアルファ段階のソフトウェアにすぎません。とは言え、CouchDB は Web アプリケーション や iPhone アプリケーション 、Facebook アプリケーションなどによく使われるようになっています。これまで、強力なウィキ、ブログ、ディスカッション・フォーラム、ドキュメント管理などのソフトウェアでは、リレーショナル・データベースを使いこなすことでドキュメント指向のデータを可能な限り効率的に保存していました。しかし
CouchDB の安定リリースが入手できるようになると、これらのソフトウェアが利用するデータベースの選択肢として
CouchDB はリレーショナル・データベースよりも魅力的なソリューションとなり、ドキュメントのリビジョン管理やスキーマ要件の頻繁な変更などに伴う問題を解消することができます。
一般的に 、CouchDB に対する現在までの反応は概ね好意的ですが、多くの人達がブログやフォーラムで、リレーショナル・データベースとドキュメント指向データベースのどちらが優れているかをもっと議論する必要があると繰り返し指摘しています。単純な
1 つの事実として 、CouchDB はリレーショナル・データベースを置き換えるものではなく、データベース開発の新しい標準になろうというわけでもありません。当然のことですが、CouchDB は単純であるため 、DB2 や Oracle などの強力さとは比べものにならないケースは多数あります。しかしそれ以外の多くのケースでは何よりも単純さがデータベースに求められ、手軽に迅速な処理が必要な場合には従来の
RDBMS は過剰であり、またリソースを消費しすぎるのです。
ダウンロード可能なリソース
関連トピッ ク
Shrimp Empress is a delicately flavored coconut milk curry of my own invention which I devised as a light yet rich dinner special while I worked as a chef .
It is effervescent in flavor , seasoned with mostly sweet spices , but it is rich with the unctuous texture of coconut milk paired with sweet , slippery mango chunks .
Barely cooked shrimp with its tender pink flesh is paired with velvety blanched baby spinach , and the tender - crisp snap and translucent pale violet color of red onion slices .
It is a very , very pretty dish , with a balance of fresh , springtime tints : delicate turmeric yellow , verdant cilantro , roseate chilies , gleaming white basmati rice , deep emerald spinach , and sunrise orange mango .
The fragrance of it matches the colors perfectly : cardamom , cinnamon , cloves , fennel and black pepper dance together in a joyful chorale of scent , while cilantro , ginger , and lemon juice add a fresh , floral note to the melange of aromas .
In order to preserve the fresh colors and flavors of the baby spinach and shrimp , I cooked them separately from the curry sauce .
This means you could make the sauce a day or so before you want to serve it , and keep it in the refrigerator where the aromas and flavors of the spices will meld together , only becoming better for having had time to get to know each other better .
If I were going to do that , I would cook the curry sauce without the mango and red onion , and only add those as the curry sauce is heated up for service .
In this way , you could make a splendid and complicated looking dish for a dinner party , and not have to work yourself to death on the entree on the day of the party .
Let me admonish you to get the nicest , freshest - tasting shrimp you can manage in order to make this dish .
I would highly suggest you go to a seafood specialist whom you trust and only buy truly fresh shrimp , or ones which are still frozen .
Wild - caught shrimp taste better than farmed , so get those if you can afford them .
I did this dish with very large shrimp , arranged on top of the curry in a radial spinning wheel formation , but you could also use smaller ones just as effectively .
You can use frozen mango for this curry , although I prefer slightly under ripe fresh mango for its superior texture and balanced , lightly - tart , mostly sweet flavor .
Whatever you do , please do n’t use canned mango for this curry !
It would ruin the effect .
If canned mango is all you can find , just leave the mango out .
The world will not end if you have no mango in your curry .
But , it might end if you use canned mango in your curry .
( I do n’t know whether it will end or not , I am just saying it might .
I have never wished to test this hypothesis by putting canned mango in my curry , but if you feel as if you can gamble with the continued existence of all humanity , then by all means dump that canned mango in …you are a braver soul than I . )
Oh , and one more thing –I do n’t dare ever make this curry again for myself –it turns out that my allergist is nearly certain that I am allergic to shrimp , and probably clams and most likely other seafood as well .
So , I wanted to share this recipe with the rest of the world , even if I never get to eat it again !
Shrimp Empress
Ingredients :
3 tablespoons canola oil
3 cups yellow onions , peeled and thinly sliced
1 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons fresh ginger , peeled and minced
1 tablespoon fresh garlic , peeled and minced
2 tablespoons coriander seed , freshly ground
2 1/2 teaspoons cardamom seed , freshly ground
1/2 teaspoon fennel seed , freshly ground
1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns , freshly ground
1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon
3 whole cloves , freshly ground
2 tablespoons Aleppo or other mild chili flakes
2 teaspoons ground turmeric
1 28 ounce can Mae Ploy coconut milk
1 14 ounce can Chao Koh coconut milk
3 - 5 whole fresh red Thai chilies ( optional )
3 medium ripe mangos , diced into 1/2 ″ cubes
1 medium - sized red onion , peeled and cut into 1 ″ squares–cut into 1 ″ chunks and then separate the onion layers to make squares
juice of one lemon
salt to taste
4 cups fresh baby spinach
2 pounds large fresh shrimp , peeled , with tail shell left on
roughly chopped cilantro for garnish
Method :
Heat canola oil in a heavy - bottomed pot and add sliced onions and sprinkle with the teaspoon salt .
Cook , stirring , until the onions are golden brown .
Add the ginger and garlic and spices , and continue cooking until the onions are deep golden brown .
Add coconut milk , and if you want to use them , the whole , stemmed Thai chilies .
Bring to a simmer , and add the mangoes and red onions .
Simmer for about ten minutes .
Taste curry sauce for salt , add what is necessary , and stir in lemon juice .
Boil water in a large pot while the curry sauce cooks .
Drop shrimp in and cook until they are just done–allow them to turn from translucent blueish grey - white to solid white and pink , with red - shelled tails .
Just before serving , drop the spinach into the curry sauce .
You can either add the shrimp to the curry sauce or make a mound of rice in the center of a shallow pasta bowl , then ladle curry sauce around it and arrange the shrimp over the rice and sauce .
Garnish with cilantro leaves .
RSS feed for comments on this post .
Sorry , the comment form is closed at this time .
On the rhetorical front , all the president 's men are saying the right things .
He also said that it was time to focus more on treatment and less on incarceration .
Earlier this year , Attorney General Eric Holder announced that the federal government would no longer raid and prosecute distributors of medical marijuana who operate in accordance with state law in the 13 states where voters have made it legal .
Holder has also said that his department intends to eliminate the outrageous and prejudicial sentencing disparity between crack and powder cocaine .
And while on the campaign trail , President Obama called for repealing the ban on federal funding for anti-AIDS programs that supply clean needles to drug users .
All positive signs that we are ready to move beyond our failed war on drugs .
But when it comes to putting its rhetoric into action , the Obama administration has faltered .
Just a week after the Attorney General said there would be no more medical marijuana raids , the DEA raided a licensed medical marijuana dispensary in California .
Obama 's ' 09 - '10 budget proposes to continue the longstanding ban on federal funding of needle exchange programs .
The current budget is still overwhelmingly skewed in favor of the drug war approach -- indeed , it allocates more to drug enforcement and less to prevention than even George Bush did .
Testifying today in front of the House Judiciary Committee , Holder , in his opening statement , called for a working group to examine federal cocaine sentencing policy : " Based on that review , we will determine what sentencing reforms are appropriate , including making recommendations to Congress on changes to crack and powder cocaine sentencing policy . "
A working group ?
Why ?
As a senator , Obama co-sponsored legislation ( introduced by Joe Biden ) to end the disparity .
What further review is needed ?
( To be fair , during questioning , Holder said he and the president both favored doing away with the crack / powder disparity and said that Justice would even consider doing away with mandatory minimums altogether .
But why the initial equivocation and the use of the very familiar needs - further - review dodge ? )
So the question becomes : is the Obama administration really committed to a fundamental shift in America 's approach to drug policy or is this about serving up a kinder , gentler drug war ?
And this at a time when the tide is clearly turning .
Inspired by the massive budget crises facing many states , and the increase in drug violence both at home and abroad -- leaders on all points across the political spectrum appear more willing to rethink our ruinous drug policies .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has called for " an open debate " and careful study of proposals to legalize , regulate , and tax marijuana .
Former Mexican President Vicente
Fox has also urged renewing the debate , saying that he is n't convinced taxing and regulating drugs is the answer but " why not discuss it ? "
Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard , pointing to evidence that Mexican drug cartels draw 60 to 80 percent of their revenue from pot , suggested legalization might be an effective tool to combat Mexican drug traffickers and American gangs .
And , in a major shift in the global drug policy debate , a Latin American commission , headed by the former presidents Fernando Cardoso of Brazil , Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico , and Cesar Gavaria of Colombia issued a devastating report condemning America 's 40 - year war on drugs .
" Prohibitionist policies based on eradication , interdiction and criminalization of consumption simply have n't worked , " the former presidents wrote in a joint op - ed .
" The revision of U.S. - inspired drug policies is urgent in light of the rising levels of violence and corruption associated with narcotics .
The alarming power of the drug cartels is leading to a criminalization of politics and a politicization of crime . "
They called for " a paradigm shift in drug policies " that begins with " changing the status of addicts from drug buyers in the illegal market to patients cared for by the public health system . "
And in Congress , Sen. Jim Webb has introduced legislation , with co-sponsors from both sides of the aisle , to create a blue - ribbon commission to examine criminal justice and drug policies and how they have led to our nation 's jam - packed jails -- now filled with tens of thousands of nonviolent drug offenders .
" With so many of our citizens in prison compared with the rest of the world , " Webb wrote in a recent Parade cover story , " there are only two possibilities :
Either we are home to the most evil people on earth or we are doing something different -- and vastly counterproductive .
Obviously , the answer is the latter . "
I understand that drugs continue to be a political hot potato , fueled by what the Latin American presidents described as " prejudices and fears that sometimes bear little relation to reality . "
And I can easily picture some on the president 's team advising him to keep the issue on the backburner lest it turn into his " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell . "
But the cost of the drug war -- both human and financial -- is far too high to allow politics to dictate the administration 's actions .
Indeed , with all the budget cutting going on , how can anyone justify spending tens of billions of dollars a year on an unwinnable war against our own people ?
Change wo n't be easy .
The prison - industrial complex has a deeply vested interest in maintaining the status quo .
Which is why we need to keep the pressure on the president and his team to follow through on their drug policy promises .
As with the regulation of Wall Street , real reform of our nation 's drugs policies wo n't happen without someone in the administration making it a top priority .
The jury is still out on Kerlikowske .
His law enforcement background could make him the drug war equivalent of Tim Geithner -- too enmeshed in the system he is tasked with overhauling .
Holder shows more promise .
But he 'll have to avoid the let 's - have - a - working - group - review - decisions - that - have - already - been - decided approach .
As a reminder , I 'm planning to send the Attorney General a few copies of This Is Your Country On Drugs , a book out next month on the history of drug use and drug policy in America by our HuffPost Congressional correspondent Ryan Grim .
In it , he argues that the goal of U.S. policy should not be to eliminate drugs , but to prevent and treat the addiction and other problems that come with them : " As currently understood and implemented , drug policy attempts to isolate a phenomenon that can't be taken in isolation .
Economic policy is drug policy .
Healthcare policy is drug policy .
Foreign policy , too , is drug policy .
When approached in isolation , drug policy almost always leads to unfortunate and unintended consequences . "
With three - quarters of the drug offenders clogging our state prisons there for nonviolent offenses -- and a disproportionate number of those young men of color -- the time has come to wage a full - scale war on the war on drugs .
Source : Huffington Post ( NY )
Author : Arianna Huffington
Published : May 14 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 HuffingtonPost.com , LLC
Contact : scoop@huffingtonpost.com
Website : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/HHFP4en5
Related Articles :
White House Czar Calls for End To War on Drugs
http://cannabisnews.com/news/thread24804.shtml
Legalize Marijuana ?
Schwarzenegger Let ’s Debate
http://cannabisnews.com/news/thread24787.shtml
The shareholders were furious and even voted against the bonus scheme but because those votes are only advisory , Shell chose to ignore them .
This was my primary argument against this advisory vote plan that Obama had promoted last year on the trail .
It ’s too easy for businesses to ignore suggestions or even basic business ethics .
Whether in Big Oil , Wall Street , Big Pharma , whatever , the end result is always consistently the same .
They do whatever they want to do unless one of the grown ups ( or supposed grown ups ) forces them to do otherwise .
They spend plenty of cash lobbying the system so they can do as they please .
Who could ever imagine such an outcome ?
Yesterday was Easter , the celebration by Western Christians of the resurrection of Jesus Christ , 2 days after his crucifixion ( Eastern Christian observers will celebrate Easter on April 19th ) .
The religious observation of Easter also shares the day with many traditional secular springtime celebrations , including bonfires , egg hunts , bunnies and gifts of chocolate .
As a day for quiet reflection , prayer , charitable acts and festive gatherings , here are some views of Easter across the globe this year .
( 35 photos total
Last Minute Hotels and Accommodation Booking Service
Welcome to Go4Hotels the place booking service for Last Minute Hotels and Accommodation across the world .
Booking your next holiday hotel or accommodation with go4hotels.com means you have access to the lowest hotel room rates .
Go4 Hotels offers negotiated rates direct with the Hotels and major global accommodation and travel wholesale providers .
All of our prices and last minute availability is regularly checked from over 200 different online travel companies and accommodation providers .
Check our site for the most extensive range and available last minute hotels and accommodation in your chosen destination across the world .
Go4hotels allows you to search and find the some great hotel deals in major cities and holiday destinations with instant confirmation .
All hotels and prices are checked for up to date and last minute availability thus ensuring that we offer you the most competitive price guaranteed from our complete range of hotels , accommodation and guest houses .
We include luxury and boutique hotels at incredibly low prices for last minute bookings .
Working with over 200 accommodation suppliers , supplying over 40,000 worldwide destinations and over 500,000 properties you can find and book the best discount accommodation prices available online .
Do n't waste time searching for last minute hotels online , at Go4hotels we do that for you , saving you time and money .
Book at Lowest Prices Guaranteed do n't gamble with other accommodation bookings sites .
Last Minute Hotel Bookings
We offer Instant confirmation for all last minute hotel bookings , so you can choose any Hotel and book at a great discounted rate .
In some cases to find a lower rate it is always advisable to book a few weeks in advance to secure the best rate and ensure availability .
Hotel rooms are selling out fast at the most popular destinations , so it is a good idea to book your accommodation early .
Luxury Accommodation at an Affordable Price
We offer you Luxury hotels at a price you can afford , some discounts up to 80 % .
Hotels do not like to have empty rooms so we want to fill them .
Check out our four and five - star properties to find the best last minute rate .
Many of our deals include breakfast and All inclusive packages for a peaceful stress free holiday or city break .
Book online and save up to 80 % with peace of mind you have booked with the top accommodation booking service provider .
Our Price Guarantee
We check thousands of prices to guarantee when you book with us you are getting the lowest price anywhere on the web .
Russian Visa Invitation Service
Order and get your Visa Invitation and Support Voucher for travel to Russia .
Instant order online and receive your Invitation letter within minutes .
Order
Here your Russian Visa Invitation vouchers and find out more about how to get your Visa for traveling to Russia .
Travel to Russia : destinationRussia.com
Our Specialist Russia Travel service , offers unrivalled guest accommodation , lowest price Russian Visa Service .
Criterion Games has updated their site with some more information regarding the huge Burnout Paradise Big Surf Island download pack .
Within the latest trailer features the release date for the hotly anticipated DLC !
The island is roughly the size of Downtown Paradise , but features gameplay unlike any other area in the game .
We ’re running with the mantra “ if you can see it , you can drive it ” to introduce a new level of freedom to Burnout Paradise , and the island also features some big air jumps – the largest on the game .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saaJmdeSGQg[/youtube]
Set your calendars to June 11th , when Big Island Paradise goes live !
[ Source ]
You can access the keyCode and charCode properties of a keyboard event to determine what key was pressed and then trigger other actions .
The keyCode property is a numeric value that corresponds to the value of a key on the keyboard .
The charCode property is the numeric value of that key in the current character set .
( The default character set is UTF - 8 , which supports ASCII . )
The primary difference between the key code and character values is that a key code value represents a particular key on the keyboard ( the 1 on a keypad is different than the 1 in the top row , but the key that generates “ 1 ” and the key that generates “ ! ” are the same key ) and the character value represents a particular character ( the R and r characters are different ) .
Note :
For the mappings between keys and their character code values in ASCII , see the flash .ui .
Keyboard class in the ActionScript 3.0 Reference for the Adobe Flash Platform .
For the mappings between keys and their character code values in ASCII , see theclass in the
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News , Hatfield
A model of Ethyl formate : Complexity can be built up step by step Astronomers have detected two of the most complex carbon - rich molecules ever found in interstellar space .
Their models suggest even more complex await to be discovered , including amino acids - which are essential for life .
The results were presented at the European Week of Astronomy and Space Science meeting being held in the UK .
Researchers detected the organic molecules in the star - forming region of space known as Sagittarius B2 , close to the centre of our galaxy .
Large carbon - rich molecules of many different types have been seen in this cloud in the past , including alcohols , aldehydes , and acids .
The two new molecules - ethyl formate and n- propyl cyanide - were found in a hot , dense cloud of gas which contains a luminous newly formed star .
They represent two different classes of molecule : the esters and alkyl cyanides .
Atoms and molecules emit radiation at different frequencies , which appear as characteristic lines in the light " spectrum " from an astronomical source .
The IRAM 30 m Telescope at Pico Veleta in southern Spain " The difficulty in searching for complex molecules is that the best astronomical sources contain so many different molecules that their ' fingerprints ' overlap , and are difficult to disentangle , " says Arnaud Belloche , from the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy in Bonn , Germany .
" Larger molecules are even more difficult to identify because their fingerprints are barely visible : their radiation is distributed over many more lines that are much weaker , " adds Holger Mueller , researcher at the University of Cologne .
Out of 3,700 spectral lines detected with the IRAM telescope in Spain , the team identified 36 lines belonging to the two new molecules .
The astronomers then ran computational models to understand how molecules like these form in interstellar space .
They could be built up atom - by - atom via collisions of gaseous particles .
Alternatively , atoms could meet and react on small grains of dust suspended in the interstellar gas .
n- propyl cyanide : Large molecules can sometimes be hard to disentangle
As a result , the grains build up thick layers of ice , composed mainly of water , but also containing a number of basic organic molecules like methanol , the simplest alcohol .
Their computational models suggest the largest molecules form section - by - section , using pre-formed building blocks already carried by the dust grains .
The new molecules seem to be " born " in this way , via a series of short steps that build up long - chain molecules .
" There is no apparent limit to the size of molecules that can be formed by this process - so there 's good reason to expect even more complex organic molecules to be there , if we can detect them , " says Robin Garrod , an astrochemist from Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , US .
Astronomers believe it could only be a matter of time before amino acids are found in interstellar space .
This class of molecules is needed for the production of proteins , and are therefore essential for life .
In the past , researchers have looked for the simplest amino acid , glycine , without any luck .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Six Unexpected Revolting Gold Gadgets
The gadget world is getting ‘ golden ’ day by day with a large number of gadgets being manufactured with gold bars and diamonds .
Its all seem to be glittering all around .
Gold Plated AK - 47
A gold - plated Kalashnikov AK47 and Gold plated SVD ( Al Kadisha ) reportedly given to Saddam ’s son , Uday , found at the palace in Baghdad .
Also some are reported to have been given to one of Saddam Hussein ’s henchmen .
Many pictures are posted on the web of soldiers posing with the Gold AK47 and Gold SVD ( Al Kadisha ) .
Gold Plated Vibrator
We ’re not sure what purpose there is in this $ 1500 gold plated Elo Vya vibrator other than to give you heavy metal poisoning , but here it is .
The 18 k gold plated vibrator will satisfy women ( and men ) , but also passes its AU into your porous areas .
Which ca n’t be good at all .
But hey , it ’s on sale for $ 1350 .
Score !
Gold plated Porsche
The town of Pforzheim in south - west Germany is famous for its jewellery and watch - making industry and accordingly is known as “ the City of Gold . ”
The city is also the home of the first Gold - plated Porsche .
All the major components , from the control elements such as the steering wheel and door knobs to the car body and alloy rims , are all gold plated , making the two - seater exceptionally luxurious .
Visualis , which is situated in Pforzheim , gilded a Porsche Boxster in 22 carat beaten gold .
Nine Porsche Models will undergo the same , unique refinement process to continue the creative project .
Although the price is not yet disclosed , Visualis ’ Petra Koehler reports that “ curious people are already anxious to know who are going to be the owners of these magnificent automobiles . ”
Nikon FA Gold
Nikon was justifiably very proud of their FA , the first camera to use computerized multi-segment metering .
It was the first Gold Nikon offered for sale to the public , commemorating winning the European camera of the Year award for 1984 .
Production estimated at 2000 .
The 20 gold plated parts are 24 K gold plated .
The body covering is red lizard skin .
The easily scratched gold finish was protected with a specially provided cleaning cloth , complete with special Nikon gold cleaners .
LG gold plated plasma TV
This is one home theater system your guests are never gonna stop talking about .
LG ’s LH - C643 , the stuff of water cooler gossip , simply calls out to the Mercedes - owning uncles and aunties with its 24 - carat gold - plated exterior , which LG claims is the world ’s first luxury home theater setup .
24 Karat Gold with Diamonds MacBook Pro
The 24 - carat gold MacBook Pro .
The MacBook is completely golden with a diamond studded apple logo .
Yet another product for a filthy rich businessman , seeking the attention of his wife can definitely contemplate over this gadget .
The blingified Golden Macbook has been designed by Alex Wiley and unquestionably not for mass customisation .
There are two versions available which are 24kt Gold & Diamonds 15 ″ Macbook Pro and the 24kt Gold 15 ″ Macbook Pro .
Hundreds of thousands of people are being wrongly identified because of the government ’s wasteful and inefficient management of the nation ’s one million - strong terrorist watchlist , according to the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) .
The organization cited a recent report by the Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General ( OIG ) , which found that the part of the watchlist maintained by the Federal Bureau of Investigation may contain a 35 percent error rate .
The audit also revealed that large portions of the list have no formal processes for updating or removing records .
The ACLU says the audit " confirms that the nation ’s watchlist system is massively broken . "
The audit confirmed estimates that the terror watchlist contains 1.1 million names as of December 2008 , and that many of them are out of date .
OIG auditors reviewed 68,669 of those identities and found 24,000 out of date .
In a closer inspection of the out of date records , the auditors found a majority of this sample did not belong on a watchlist .
Attorney General Eric Holder , whose Justice Department oversees the FBI , told a Senate subcommittee this morning that he has not yet read the OIG report , but has been told by the FBI that all of the concerns and problems raised in the report have been addressed .
" I am a bit skeptical about claims the FBI addressed all of the concerns and problems raised in the FBI Inspector General ’s audit report on the terrorist watchlist , " Chris Calabrese , an attorney with the ACLU Technology and Liberty Project , told IPS .
" Are they saying that the FBI has reviewed 24,000 watchlist records to determine how many — likely a majority — need to be removed from the watchlist ?
Has the FBI completely streamlined a process for reviewing records so that people are removed from the watchlist within 10 days ?
The audit reports the average amount of time to remove an identity from the list is 60 days .
And this is just the tip of the iceberg , " he said .
The OIG report documents a widespread failure to scrub the lists by removing names after cases have been closed .
For example , one subject stayed on the watchlist for almost five years after the case was resolved ; two people on the list were dead .
The FBI attempted to place one individual on the watchlist by reclassifying that person as an international terrorist after already having been cleared of wrongdoing by an FBI investigation .
It identified more than 50,000 records with no explanation of why they were on the list , making it impossible to remove them .
It described the controls for placing many names on the list as " weak or nonexistent . "
The watchlist has existed since 2003 , when then President George W. Bush issued a presidential directive mandating the development of a consolidated terrorist watchlist and required all federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies with terrorism information to share such information .
The consolidated terrorist watchlist is known as the Terrorist Screening Database ( TSDB ) .
The Terrorist Screening Center , which also began operations in 2003 and is managed by the FBI , was established to serve as the U.S. government ’s consolidation point for information about known or suspected international and domestic terrorists .
" This IG report reveals just what a comedy of errors the watchlist is , " said Chris Calabrese , attorney with the ACLU Technology and Liberty Program .
" But we did not need this report to know there is a problem with the effectiveness of any terrorist watchlist that includes over a million names .
It certainly explains why Congressman John Lewis and Senator Edward Kennedy have problems when they try to fly . "
And Caroline Fredrickson , director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office , said " Members of Congress , nuns , war heroes and other ‘ suspicious characters , ’ with names like Robert Johnson and Gary Smith , have become trapped in the Kafkaesque clutches of this list , with little hope of escape . "
" Congress needs to fix it , the Terrorist Screening Center needs to fix it , or the next president needs to fix it , but it has to be done soon , " she said .
The ACLU is recommending a series of controls on the watch lists .
These include due process , a right to access and challenge data upon which listing is based , tight criteria for adding names to the lists , and rigorous procedures for updating and cleansing names from the lists .
The group also called on the president to issue an executive order requiring the lists to be reviewed and limited to only those for whom there is credible evidence of terrorist ties or activities .
The review should be concluded within three months , the group said .
The OIG report also found that putting people on the watchlist was as problematic as getting them off .
The Inspector General ’s recommendations included establishing timeframe requirements for headquarters units to process watchlist nominations , modifications , and removals ; reevaluation of watchlist records that are not sourced to a current terrorism case , and creation of a process to modify and remove known or suspected terrorists placed on the watchlist .
" We believe that the FBI ’s failure to consistently nominate subjects of international and domestic terrorism investigations to the terrorist watchlist could pose a risk to national security , " the OIG report said , adding that " FBI field offices ’ frequent failure to modify watchlist records indicates a problem with training on and understanding of the importance of the watchlist process . "
( Inter Press Service )
If you ’re looking for a new set of wheels despite the recession , you ’re in for a surprise .
New cars can be far more expensive than you recall from your last trip to the showroom .
According to figures from Comerica Bank , which compiles an annual study on affordability , the average new car sold in America cost $ 28,715 last year–hardly affordable for lots of shoppers who need reliable , safe , and inexpensive new cars .
Which cars sit at the bottom of the pricing ladder ?
It may be surprising that there are dozens of cars below the $ 16,000 price mark .
Some well - styled cars , with plenty of room and strong five - star ratings from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) , too .
TheCarConnection.com has researched 16 great choices for cars less than $ 16,000 .
Of these 2009 models , some are far less expensive — one notably checking in at a hair under $ 10,000 :
2010 Mazda3
What is it ?
The latest edition of Mazda ’s compact sedan and five - door hatchback .
Price range : $ 15,040 and up
The 2010 Mazda3 is only the latest in a string of enthusiast - appealing compacts .
With a choice of either frugal or sporting four - cylinder engines , unusually good handling for a small car , and a base price just under the $ 16,000 mark , the newest Mazda sits nearly atop TheCarConnection.com ’s small - car rankings .
It earns an overall score of 8.4 , with highlights in styling and features .
Likes :
* Expressive exterior style
* Quality of interior
* Excellent performance
* Smooth , quiet engines
* Luxury features in an economy car
Dislikes :
* Some options only available with larger engine
* Unimpressive fuel economy with larger engine
* Tiny nav screen with driver - only controls
2009 Chevrolet Aveo
2009 Chevrolet Aveo
What is it ?
The smallest Chevrolet you can buy — that is , until the GM brand introduces its 2011 Chevrolet Spark subcompact .
Price range : $ 11,000 and up
The Chevrolet Aveo follows the pattern of many small cars in the sub - $ 16,000 class .
It ’s offered as a five - door hatchback or as a four - door sedan .
Made in South Korea , the Aveo is something of an oddity — it trades the sometimes cartoonish small - car styling for conventional looks , down to the faux - wood interior of some models .
It ’s comfortable and has decent safety gear , but TheCarConnection .com ’s editors were let down by the lack of features found in other small cars , and in the humdrum performance of its small four - cylinder engine .
TCC ’s team rates the 2009 Aveo at 5.8 , with a low of 4 for performance and 8 for comfort and quality .
Likes :
Reasonably roomy
Good materials and fit / finish
Styling is innocuously good - looking
Dislikes
Lacks features like Bluetooth
Four - cylinder and four - speed automatic are slow performers
2009 Honda Fit
2009 Honda Fit
What is it ?
A five - passenger compact with great room and a flexible interior
Price range : $ 14,750 - $ 18,960
The 2009 Honda Fit is a perennial winner in the subcompact class .
With compact dimensions and a small four - cylinder engine , the Fit seems pretty mundane on paper .
On the road , its great visibility , handling and spacious cabin lift it above the usual standards of the class .
TheCarConnection.com rates the Fit at 8.2 , with highs of 9 in safety and features .
Likes :
* Excellent steering and maneuverability
* Upmarket interior
* Astonishing cargo and back - seat space
* Secure , substantial feel on the road
* Good crash safety relative to rivals
Dislikes :
* Unimpressive highway fuel economy
* Tall , stubby design is still far from sexy
2008 Hyundai Accent GLS
2009 Hyundai Accent
What is it ?
The South Korean automaker ’s entry - level car , offered as a four - door or three - door hatchback
Price range : $ 9,970 - $ 16,000
The Hyundai Accent is nearing the end of its life in its current form , but it ’s still a decent performer that goes out of its way to present a handsome cabin and good passenger room to its owners .
The biggest drawbacks to either the sedan or the hatchback come from under the hood ; the engine is n’t that powerful , and it ’s rather noisy , too .
TheCarConnection.com ’s experts give the Accent an overall rating of 6.4 out of 10 , with high scores of 7 in comfort and features .
But the bargain base price of $ 9,970 — making it the cheapest car for sale in the U.S. — is a huge draw on its own .
Likes :
* Stylish interior
* Roomy back seat
* Good fuel economy
Dislikes :
* " Power " is a relative term
* Engine noise
* Shifter quality
2009 Hyundai Elantra
2009 Hyundai Elantra
What is it ?
A compact car in five - door wagon or four - door sedan form
Price range : $ 13,970 - $ 17,670
The Hyundai Elantra is a surprising performer among compact cars .
With strong competition from the likes of the Honda Civic and Nissan Sentra , the bargain Elantra is one of the more highly ranked compacts on the market — even Consumer Reports puts it at the top of their list for its roomy interior , sharp powertrain and reliability record .
TheCarConnection.com ’s experts give the Accent an overall rating of 7.6 out of 10 , with high scores of 8 in comfort and features .
Likes :
* Very roomy interior , with adult - worthy back - seat space
* Huge trunk
* Responsive acceleration , even with automatic
* Respectable fuel economy ratings
Dislikes :
* Conservative exterior styling plays it too safe
* Does n’t feel as sporty as other small cars
* Engine noise can be prominent when accelerating
2009 Kia Spectra Spectra5
2009 Kia Spectra
What is it ?
A four - or five - door compact loosely related to the Hyundai Elantra
Price range : $ 13,200 - $ 17,345
Hyundai and Kia may be related , but even vehicles that both companies develop from similar components end up feeling quite different .
The Kia Spectra , for example , shared some running gear with the Hyundai Elantra — but it ’s rated much lower by TheCarConnection .com ’s editors .
It earns a 6.4 out of 10 , and scores lower than the Elantra for its less impressive interior and higher levels of engine noise and vibration .
The Spectra will be replaced in 2010 by the new Kia Forte .
Likes :
* Impressive interior space
* Smooth , settled ride
* Responsive steering and handling in SX models
Dislikes :
* Dull interior design and subpar materials
* Disappointing fuel economy
* Engine noise when revving or accelerating hard
* Anti-lock brakes are n’t offered on much of the lineup
2010 Kia Soul
2010 Kia Soul
What is it ?
A compact urban wagon with seating for five
Price range : $ 13,300 - $ 16,950 base
The 2010 Kia Soul is a brand - new wagon in the cute urban wheels niche that includes the Scion xB and the new Nissan Cube .
The Soul trumps them both , and for city families with a need for flexibility , its compact body and flip - folding rear seats will make errands and carpools easy .
The Soul ’s most stirring feature is its angular , youthful body — but standard Sirius satellite radio and available Bluetooth are uncommon in this class , too .
Six airbags and stability control are standard , and Kia expects the Soul to score top crash - test ratings .
TheCarConnection.com ’s team of auto experts rank the Soul at 8.2 out of 10 .
Likes :
* Adorable , angular shape
* Fun and spacious interior
* Standard safety equipment
* Well - equipped , even in base trim
Dislikes :
* Manual shifter has long travel
* Drivetrain thrum at highway speed
* Not quick
2009 Mitsubishi Lancer
2009 Mitsu Lancer
What is it ?
The mainstay four - door compact from the company that brings you the Evolution turbo sedan
Price range : $ 14,340 - $ 26,490
The Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution thrills rally drivers and sportscar aficionados alike — but at its roots , it ’s a Mitsu Lancer with some heavy drivetrain work .
The base car has glimmers of fun from its high - wattage cousin — the handling is good , and the manual gearbox is among the best in the class .
The engine ’s a little loud , though , and the interior is Dullsville .
TheCarConnection.com ’s editors gave the base Lancer a score of 7.8 .
In 2010 a new Ralliart Sportback edition will be available , adding a hatchback profile to the lineup .
Likes :
* Styling ( especially GTS ) that could be mistaken for an Evo
* Sharp , responsive handling
* Sweet - shifting manual transmission
Dislikes :
* Engine noise , and not the sporty kind
* Lots of road noise on coarse surfaces
* Dull interior plastics
2009 Nissan Cube
2009 Nissan Cube
What is it ?
Nissan ’s entry in the boxcar segment , riding alongside the Scion xB and the Kia Soul
Price range : $ 13,990 - $ 19,370
Is the 2009 Nissan Cube a new kind of utility vehicle , a city - friendly microvan , or an especially tall compact wagon ?
It ’s tough to say ; at once , the quirky new Nissan Cube sort of fits into several existing categories but then ends up being the odd one out — in a positive sense .
Its warped , organic style is a nice counterpoint to the likes of the Scion xB and the Kia Soul .
Ultimately , though , it ’s not as flexible as the Soul nor as sporting .
TheCarConnection.com rates the Cube at 7.8 out of 10 .
Likes :
* Offbeat styling
* Perky and economical powertrain
* Overall refinement
* Space for four tall adults
* Bargain base price
Dislikes :
* Rear seats do n’t tumble forward
* Light , disconnected steering feel
* Susceptible to crosswinds
* Unimpressive highway fuel economy
2009 Nissan Versa S
2009 Nissan Versa
What is it ?
A sedan or wagon that shares some pieces with Nissan ’s Sentra
Price range : $ 9,990 - $ 16,330
The 2009 Nissan Versa is n’t particularly sporty , fashionable , or innovative , but it offers an astonishing amount of space , comfort , and features for the money .
With an ultra - low - priced base version , it ’s also one of the cheapest cars you can buy in America right now .
The Versa is rated at 7 out of 10 by TheCarConnection.com .
8 for features and comfort , 6 for styling and performance
Likes :
* Very spacious , quiet interior
* Supple ride for a small car
* Simple but attractive instrument panel
* Good crash - test results
* Available Bluetooth interface
Dislikes :
* Lacks the agile feel of other small cars its size
* Fuel economy is only passable
* Engine gets very noisy when accelerating
2009 Pontiac G3
2009 Pontiac G3
What is it ?
A Pontiac - badged version of the Chevrolet Aveo
Price range : $ 14,335 - $ 14,335
GM has promised to get out of the badge - engineering business — yet for 2009 , the Pontiac division will sell a lightly reworked version of the 2009 Chevrolet Aveo under the G3 nameplate .
With no mechanical differences , it ’s strictly for those who ’d rather have an arrowhead on the front end instead of a bowtie .
TheCarConnection.com rates the Pontiac G3 with a score of 6 , with a low of 4 for performance and 8 for comfort and quality .
Likes :
Decent comfort and quality
Slightly better styling than the Aveo
Acceptable safety equipment and scores
Dislikes
Lack of advanced features
Four - cylinder performance is sluggish
2009 Scion xD
2009 Scion xD
What is it ?
The smaller of the Scion wagons , it ’s also the more frugal
Price range : $ 14,650 - $ 15,450
The 2009 Scion xD is one of the most substantial and feature - laden vehicles for the money , and the opportunity for customization helps mask any econo - car cues .
Scion dealers will sell you all sorts of performance and cosmetic add - ons , which can send the pricetag well above $ 16,000 — but the base car slots comfortably below that price point .
TheCarConnection.com rates the Scion xD at 7 , with a high of 8 for features and a low of 6 for comfort and quality .
Likes :
* Great value for the money
* Good crash safety
* Safety features
Dislikes :
* Skimpy front seats
* Rear stadium seating impedes headroom
* Premium sound system does n't include premium speakers
2009 Smart fortwo
2009 smart fortwo
What is it ?
A Euro - bred two - seat city car that ’s a parking attendant ’s dream
Price range : $ 11,990 - $ 20,990
The 2008 Smart Fortwo is a very competent , fun - to - drive city car , not just a novelty , but with so many caveats , most people would be best served by a hybrid or larger small car .
It has very little cargo room , has extreme susceptibility to crosswinds on the freeway , and can get very costly despite its low base price .
TheCarConnection.com rates the smart fortwo at 6 , with a high of 8 for safety and a low of 4 for comfort and quality .
Likes :
* Very quick , responsive steering
* Parking nirvana
* More seating space than a Ferrari
* Standard electronic stability control
Dislikes :
* On the highway , it ’s a penalty box
* Busy , bumpy ride
* Disappointing fuel economy
* Lacks passing power at cruising speeds
2009 Suzuki SX4 Man
2009 Suzuki SX4
What is it ?
The smallest crossover on the market — and a nimble , enjoyable wagon , too
Price range : $ 13,299 - $ 19,639
If you need an inexpensive wagon with all - weather traction and a unique badge on the hood , look no further .
The 2008 Suzuki SX4
Sport brings all - wheel drive to the subcompact class , along with great visibility and an engaging driving experience .
TheCarConnection.com rates the Suzuki SX4 at 7.4 , with a high of 8 for safety and a low of 7 for features .
Likes :
* Perky handling
* Smooth four - cylinder engine
* Great visibility
* High -quality interior
Dislikes :
* Tight rear - seat room
* Economy - car acceleration
* Hardly beautiful
2009 Toyota Yaris
2009 Toyota Yaris
What is it ?
The smallest Toyota you can buy
Price range : $ 11,595 - $ 15,880
The 2009 Toyota Yaris is a recession darling , with cheap running costs , a low price , and a reputation for dependability .
It comes in hatchback or sedan form , and has a frugal four - cylinder under the hood — but it ’s unengaging to drive and lacks important safety gear as standard equipment .
TheCarConnection.com rates the Toyota Yaris at 5.6 , with a high of 7 for styling and a low of 5 for safety .
Likes :
* Very cheap price
* Great reputation for reliability and resale value
* Excellent fuel economy
* Good ride ( sedan )
Dislikes :
* Instrument panel design seems gimmicky
* Does n't handle very well
* Front seats are small
* Safety features are optional
2009 Chevrolet Cobalt
2009 Chevrolet Cobalt
What is it ?
A compact Chevrolet offered as sedan or coupe
Price range : $ 14,990 - $ 23,525
If you ’re looking for a small car that drives like a larger car , the Cobalt fits the bill .
Exotic turbo versions may be fun to drive , but the base Cobalts feel drab and less spacious than they actually are .
The price is right for the 2009 Chevrolet Cobalt , yet most of its competitors offer a better overall value .
TheCarConnection.com rates the Chevrolet Cobalt at 6.8 , with a high of 7 for styling and a low of 6 for comfort and quality .
Likes :
* Smooth ride
* Road noise is quite absent
* Impressive fuel economy
* Spacious trunk
Dislikes :
* Engine noise
* Steering feels vague
* Drab interior
* Uncomfortable seats
* No thorax side airbags offered
T- Mobile has confirmed that files posted on a full disclosure mailing list are genuine - but the company fails to explain whether or not cybercriminals really got full access to its systems , IDG reports .
Hackers published system config files from T - Mobile 's US network on Saturday along with claims they had compromised the carrier 's core systems .
" We have everything , their databases , confidential documents , scripts and programs from their servers , [ and ] financial documents up to 2009 , " they said .
The unidentified hackers invited bids from interested parties to an email address , pwnmobile@safe-mail.net , which has since become inactive .
T- Mobile , which is investigating the hack , has issued an updated statement that the data posted matches a document on its system , but this failed to prove that customer records or other sensitive files had also been compromised :
To reaffirm , the protection of our customers ' information and the security of our systems is paramount at T - Mobile .
Regarding the recent claim on a Web site , we 've identified the document from which information was copied , and believe possession of this alone is not enough to cause harm to our customers .
We continue to investigate the matter , and have taken additional precautionary measures to further ensure our customers ' information and our systems are protected .
At this moment , we are unable to disclose additional information in order to protect the integrity of the investigation , but customers can be assured if there is any evidence that customer information has been compromised , we would inform those affected as quickly as possible .
Given that the hackers are attempting to attract bids for the purloined data , it 's odd that they did n't publish a sample of customer records - or similarly juicy information - rather than network scans of little interest to anyone except security anoraks .
A sample of data of greater interest would surely attract more interest in bidding for the information , if that was the intention .
Some security firms are beginning to conclude that the hackers are holding little beyond the network scan data already posted .
Amichai Shulman , CTO of Imperva , commented : " Rumours of a major T - Mobile data breach are all over the internet as hackers are reportedly selling confidential data to the highest bidder .
Hackers have posted a list of servers they allegedly accessed and it is very comprehensive with some sensitive info in it .
“ My guess is that they have been able to get access to the list of servers but not much more . ”
Reports of the breach against T - Mobile US , alongside a previous confirmed leak of consumer data from parent firm Deutsche Telekom last year , detract from the firm 's overall reputation in security , Shulman argued .
" Telecom operators , with the massive amounts of data they store and collect , remain prime targets .
Less than three years ago , T - Mobile 's owner , Deutsche Telekom , experienced a breach losing 17 million records .
" The cumulative impact of these breaches will threaten not only T - Mobile 's brand image , but could also impact any telecommunications provider unless the issue of data security is vigorously addressed . " ®
You do n't overthrow Islamic revolutions with car headlights .
And definitely not with candles .
Peaceful protest might have served Gandhi well , but the Supreme Leader 's Iran is not going to worry about a few thousand demonstrators on the streets , even if they do cry " Allahu Akbar " from their rooftops every night .
This chorus to God emanated from the rooftops of Kandahar every night after the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979 – I heard it myself in Kandahar and I heard it last week over the rooftops of Tehran – but it no more stopped the Russians in their tracks than it is going to stop the Basiji or Revolutionary Guards .
Symbols are not enough .
Yesterday , the Revolutionary Guards – as unelected as they are unrepresentative of today 's massed youth of Iran – uttered their disgraceful threat to deal with " rioters " in " a revolutionary way " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Everyone in Iran , even those too young to remember the 1988 slaughter of the regime 's opponents – when tens of thousands were hanged like thrushes on mass gallows – knows what this means .
Unleashing a rabble of armed government forces on to the streets and claiming that all whom they shoot are " terrorists " is an almost copy - cat perfect version of the Israeli army 's public reaction to the Palestinian intifada .
If stone - throwing demonstrators are shot dead , then it is their own fault , they are breaking the law and they are working for foreign powers .
When this happens in the Israeli - occupied territories , the Israelis claim that the foreign powers of Iran and Syria are behind the violence .
When this happens on the streets of Iranian cities , the Iranian regime claims that the foreign powers of the United States , Israel and Britain are behind the violence .
And it is indeed an intifada that has broken out in Iran , however hopeless its aims .
Millions of Iranians simply no longer accept the rule of law because they believe that the law has been corrupted by a fraudulent election .
The dangerous decision by Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei to throw his entire prestige behind Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has erased any chance that he could emerge above the battle as a neutral arbiter .
Relatives of Mirhossein Mousavi 's powerful ally Ali Akbar Rafsanjani are arrested then released ; Mousavi is threatened with arrest by the Speaker of parliament ; yet one of the most socially popular clerics and an ally of Mousavi , Mohamed Khatami , remains untouched .
Mousavi may have been a prime minister , but Khatami was a president .
To touch Khatami would take away the future protection of Ahmadinejad .
And the latter 's powerful political friend Ayatollah Yazdi , who would like to be the next Supreme Leader , is a threat to Khamenei .
And while every bloodied body on the streets of Iran 's cities will now be declared a " terrorist ' " by Ahmadinejad 's friends , it will be honoured by his enemies as a martyr .
Mousavi , to win , needs to organise his protest in a more coherent way , not make it up on the hoof .
But does Khamenei have a longer - term plan than mere survival ?
Every liberal knows that unions built this country , created the middle class and saved us from everything bad like nazis and cars that are too small .
Except that 's not true .
Unions only care about one thing : themselves .
Once upon a time , a ton of people worked in factories and were in unions , so helping out unions helped out a lot of people .
Things are different now .
People that make cars earn like 60 grand a year and get health care even when they retire .
Which would be fine , except it makes for shitty , overpriced American cars that no one wants and then the U.S. government has to bailout the car companies .
Plus the unions have it fixed so that foreign cars get taxed .
So the union assholes get money and health care , while the rest of us get more expensive cars , more taxes , and no health care .
Going on strike for a 40 - hour work week or a living wage is one thing .
Lobbying the government to tax imports , on the other hand , sounds suspiciously like those evil lobbyists Democrats like to talk about .
Teachers unions have it even better .
They have it fixed so they can't even get fired !
What would the economy be like if no one could ever get fired ?
Everyone would be on Facebook or Reddit all day and nothing would get done .
Pretty soon life would look like Mad Max with water , but less water than Waterworld .
Still , the worst might be SAG .
Actors think I should care that they do n't get residuals from iTunes or whatever .
Excuse me ?
Do I get residuals when I edit some crappy music video ?
Hell no .
I 'm just happy to take my 500 dollars and buy hot dogs .
Not to mention the fact that YOU'RE ACTORS .
You pretend to be somebody else for a living .
The fact that you 're paid anything at all is astounding .
The fact that you 're not locked up in a cage saddens me to no end .
If a job does n't pay enough , do n't take the fucking job .
But do n't complain when someone else takes the job because it 's easy , the pay is decent and some people prefer clothing and shelter to an oversized sense of self - importance .
Hammad Wahadin , 72
My brothers and I have fruit orchards on eighty - eight dunams in a wadi next to the Bat Ayin settlement .
Yesterday [ 26 April ] , I went with my brother ‘ Abdullah , 82 , to work the land and weed it .
Around 11:00 A.M. , a security officer in a white van , who was from the settlement , and an Israeli army jeep pulled up .
The security officer once told me his name was Ya'akov .
When the van was about twenty meters from me , he said , in Arabic , “ Good morning ” and asked me if I was all right .
“ Thank God , ” I replied .
Then he asked me how many workers I had .
When I told him I was alone , he pointed to ‘ Abdullah , who was working about one hundred meters from me .
I told him he was my brother .
Suddenly , I saw children next to the settlement , about five hundred meters from us .
I was afraid they would approach us , and I asked Ya'akov to make them go back to the settlement and to make sure they did n't get close to us .
He said , “ All right , ” but the two vehicles remained for about ten minutes and then left .
We worked until 12:45 P.M. , when we got back on our donkeys to ride home .
After we had gone about three hundred meters , a group of settlers suddenly approached me from behind .
I got off the donkey , and five settlers attacked me and knocked me to the ground .
One of them grabbed my walking stick .
When I managed to get away from them , they threw stones at me , some of them hitting me in the back .
I shouted a warning to my brother , who was about 20 - 30 meters from me .
Suddenly , I got hit hard in the right arm by a stick .
My brother got off his donkey and another group of settlers appeared .
They were in their early twenties .
The settlers encircled ‘ Abdullah .
Their dog attacked me , but I threw a stone at it , and it ran away .
When I was about ten meters from ‘ Abdullah and the settlers , my brother fell to the ground and started to bleed .
Then , he got up and ran from the settlers , who continued to throw stones at us .
‘ Abdullah managed to get to me , and we both threw stones at them .
The stone - throwing went on for more than an hour .
During the battle , we worked our way toward the village of Safa .
When we got to a high point , which gave us an advantage , they left .
Once the settlers left , I helped my brother get onto his donkey , and I got on mine .
We went up the hill to the house of Hussein Muhammad Hussein ‘ Aadi , in Safa .
I asked him to take my brother to the hospital .
I could n't go with ‘ Abdullah because I had to take the donkeys back home .
When I got home , I went to bed .
I later learned that ‘ Abdullah went the hospital and was treated .
He had a wound in the back of his head .
I was injured on my right hand , which I bandaged myself .
My back still hurts .
In 2003 , settlers from Bat Ayin hit me in the head with an iron bar , badly injuring me .
B'Tselem documented the incident .
/>/>
Hammad ' Abd al - Hamid Saber Wahadin , 72 , married with four children , is a farmer and a resident of Beit Ummar in Hebron District .
His testimony was given to Musa Abu Hashhash at the witness 's house on 27 April 2009 .
One thing we like to advocate for here is that living abroad is something anyone can do , at all levels of financial security .
Sure , a lifestyle on the move can be easier if you ’ve got a thick wallet .
But the notion of “ traveling broke ” is n’t the oxymoron that so many people presuppose .
In fact , there are a number of easy ways to make decent money while you ’re globetrotting or living abroad which anyone can pick up and do .
And even if you ’re already financed , a little extra money on the side never hurts , right ?
Thus , here ’s a roundabout list of 7 ideals ways to earn some extra cash while abroad :
Travel Writing and Journalism
Back home , there are scores of people wishing they were out living somewhere else , aching to live vicariously through you .
Help us to inspire expatification by becoming a travel writer .
We know you ’ve got stories to tell , might as well get paid for telling them .
Photography and Videography
Thanks to modern technology , you do n’t have to be a professional to take some stunning photographs .
As they say , a picture contains a thousand words – and it takes far less time to produce it too .
Coffee shops around the world would love to enchant their guests with images taken in exotic places .
If you ’ve got video capabilities , even better .
Put together a documentary or a travel guide and publish it online .
Teach
Living abroad does n’t just mean that you ’ve had experiences which you could share and teach to people back home .
As a foreigner you ’ve always got information to offer to people in your host country too .
Most notably , you can speak and teach English .
But depending upon where you are and what you have experience in , there may be opportunities to teach other skills too , such as business strategy , agricultural practice , or cooking .
No matter where you are , there ’s never a shortage of people who want to learn .
Au Pair
Au pairing has steadily become a great way for young women ( and occasionally men too ) to travel and live abroad .
Babysitting or nannying are always in need somewhere , and if you like kids it can be a really rewarding way to experience a place and culture .
Is n’t that what traveling is all about anyway , keeping young and curious in spirit ?
Running A Website
The dot com boom might be ancient history , but there are still an endless array of ways to make money on the internet .
The sky is the limit here .
If you have an idea for a website that ’ll drive traffic , there are few ways of making an easier extra few bucks a month .
Of course , there ’s also always ebay and online sales .
Or better yet , incorporate another skill such as your writings or video journalism and distribute them on a website .
Online Poker
We do n’t recommend this unless you know what you ’re doing , but playing poker online is something that you can do from anywhere , and for many it has become a steady source of extra income .
Poker professionals insist that playing poker is n’t gambling ; though of course , they ’re also expert bluffers .
Regardless , if you think you can play well , there ’s certainly no shortage of suckers worldwide who are lining up online to fund your exotic adventures abroad .
Nonprofit / Volunteering
Okay , so the spirit of volunteering is n’t about making extra money .
In fact , it ’s pretty much the opposite of that .
But we ’re content ending this list by recommending that the best reward is doing something for others .
It ’s all about making money for your soul .
Soul money .
There are always great opportunities for volunteering everywhere .
That said , there are often good paying jobs abroad working in the nonprofit sector too .
Do a little good for the world , and it pays .
Try it !
Comments
Government officials have been monitoring environmental campaign groups and then passing intelligence on to the police , according to documents seen by the Guardian .
An internal risk report from the Department for Transport reveals that a unit referred to as the comms directorate ­" continuously monitor[ed ] " peaceful protest groups opposed to the expansion of Heathrow airport and then briefed detectives about their findings .
The disclosure is the latest evidence of a wide - ranging crackdown on environmental campaign groups and has been condemned by MPs and civil liberty groups .
Earlier this month it emerged that government officials had handed confidential police intelligence about environmental activists to the energy giant E.ON ahead of a peaceful demonstration at Kingsnorth , the proposed site of a new coal - fired power station in north Kent .
Last week the Guardian revealed how undercover police were running a network of hundreds of informants inside protest organisations who secretly feed them intelligence in return for cash .
The latest documents , released under the Freedom of Information Act , reveal how the comms directorate at the DfT was monitoring campaign groups in the consultation period leading up to the announcement about the planned expansion of Heathrow airport .
A typical entry in February 2008 states : " Strength of opposition to expansion at Heathrow leads to direct action during the consultation period . "
Under measures in place it states : " Comms directorate to continually monitor protest groups and brief staff / police accordingly . "
Another entry in May 2008 states : " Strength of opposition to expansion at Heathrow leads to direct action before and around time of ministerial considerations thereby delaying final policy decisions . "
The document rates the " inherent risk " as medium or high and states : " Comms directorate to continuously monitor protest groups and brief staff / police accordingly . "
The Liberal Democrat justice spokesman , David Howarth , said it was " extraordinary " that civil servants were monitoring peaceful environmental campaigners and then passing information to police .
" The document confirms the suspicion that the main concern of the government is to undermine the protest movement rather than to engage in a genuine debate with campaigners and local residents .
" The fact that the monitoring was being undertaken by a communications and public relations team , rather than by the police or security service officials , strongly suggests that the government 's real concerns about protests are political and nothing to do with national security or public order . "
Greenpeace said the documents revealed a systematic attempt by government to stop protesters highlighting the impact Heathrow expansion would have on climate change .
" A pattern appears to be emerging of government departments concerned as much with protesters as with policy , " said spokesman Ben Stewart .
" The case for Heathrow expansion was riddled with exaggeration and misrepresentation and now we know it was pushed through by the Department for Transport over - reaching its authority to spy on peaceful and legitimate protest groups . "
The disclosures have added to the growing controversy over the policing of protests .
Last month the Met commissioner , Sir Paul Stephenson , requested an independent review of his force 's tactics , amid mounting evidence of violent behaviour by officers at the G20 protests .
Denis O'Connor , the chief inspector of constabulary , who will carry out the review , is now expected to look at other demonstrations , including last year 's policing of Kingsnorth .
Last night a spokesman for the DfT said its officials had only gathered information that was in the public domain .
" In light of the high - profile opposition to the proposed expansion , the police were notified of where and when Heathrow public exhibitions would be held and the Department made sure it kept abreast of information published on protest groups ' websites and coverage in the media to see if any direct action was planned at these events .
" The information gathered was readily available in the public domain , and simply used to alert staff and the police to any disruption that was anticipated at these public events . "
Sabina Frediani , campaigns co-ordinator for Liberty , said it was inappropriate for civil servants to be carrying out any investigation into protest groups .
" We always thought a communications directorate was a press office – now that simple phrase takes on positively Orwellian overtones .
First we had police investigating Home Office leaks and now we 've got DfT officials investigating protest groups .
Have n't we had enough of constitutional cross-dressing ? "
Since the Islamic revolution in 1979 , which toppled with breathtaking speed Iran 's corrupt and secular shah , the country has had two rulers .
One is the package – standard in modern republics – of head of state and parliament .
And then there ’s the supreme leader , who , in practice , has to work with the consent of the nation ’s formally democratic institutions but who , in theory , has the power to overrule them if he feels their actions run counter to God ’s will .
[ Editor 's note :
The original version misstated the political hierarchy in Iran . ]
The supreme leader today is Ayatollah Sayed Ali Khamenei , for 20 years now the successor of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomenei , the charismatic preacher who defined the contours of the theocratic Iranian state and who died in 1989 .
Karim Sadjadpour , a senior Iran analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , called Mr. Khamenei " the single most powerful individual in a highly factionalized , autocratic regime " in a paper on the cleric last year .
High cost of controversial decision
It is Khamenei who has the ultimate responsibility for the apparent decision to skew Iran 's presidential election in favor of his preferred candidate Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , and for unleashing the security forces that have killed at least 17 Iranians protesting the outcome in the past week , sending Iran into its greatest political crisis in 30 years .
Khamenei is preserving his vision , say analysts , of what the Islamic Republic should look like in the short term by denying the popular will .
But he has taken that step , they say , at a cost so great to his own image and to that of the office he occupies that the Islamic Republic is unlikely to be the same again .
" It 's easy to stop a riot or demonstration with violence , but it 's not easy to regain moral authority once it's been chipped away by your actions , " says Juan Cole , a historian of the Middle East and an expert on Shiite Islam at the University of Michigan .
" This is the kind of thing the shah used to do .
The revolution has always said it stands for justice and the rule of law , but a large segment of the public is not going to think that anymore . "
Scholars of Iran say that while Khamenei has for most of his 20 years in power sought to avoid confrontation and played a behind - the - scenes role , he has always been devoted to adhering to Khomenei 's call for a velayat - e - faqih , or " rule of the jurisprudent , " which in practice means one man like Khamenei acting as " jurisprudent , " or interpreter of God 's rule on earth .
Adding word ' absolute ' to his powers
Indeed , after Khamenei rose to Iran 's most important position in 1989 , he went further than Khomenei had , leading a successful effort to have the role of the faqih , or jurisprudent , defined more specifically in the Constitution with the insertion of the word " absolute " as in the " absolute rule of the jurisprudent . "
When his younger brother Hadi Khamenei , a reformist cleric who favors more oversight and checks on the power of the supreme leader , called for this in a sermon in 1999 , he was savagely beaten by basiji militia loyal to the ayatollah – the same group that has been used to attack protesters in recent days .
" I think , in some respects , what Khamenei has done in the past 10 years has been to amass even more authority institutionally than his predecessor ever had , " says Suzanne Maloney , an Iran scholar at the Saban Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution in Washington .
" He clearly sees the revolution itself as under threat , and Iran has already begun to deliver with the violence over the weekend .
I think they 're in a good position to repress , and I do n't think Khamenei will blink . "
Iran 's ' Dick Cheney '
Ms. Maloney says that what he lacks in charisma and theological heft ( he is not considered among the country 's top scholars of Shiite Islam ) , Khamenei has made up for in building networks of appointees and other relationships in Iran 's political elite .
" I 've always thought of him as the Dick Cheney of Iran , " she says .
" You would n't have expected , based on his personality , that he 'd amass this kind of power . "
Scholars say that Khamenei 's political activism under the shah , as well as his experience of being tortured by the shah 's secret police , helped cement his view that the United States and Britain see Islam and Iran as implacable foes , with both countries supporting the shah and providing training and resources to his apparatus of repression .
" Clearly , he views the world as aligned against Iran , he talks about the Iran - Iraq war as a war of the world against Iran , not a war of two states , " says Maloney .
" He talks about Ahmedinejad 's term in office in very glowing terminology , as someone who brought the revolution back to its roots and returned Iran from the brink of vulnerability . "
In his analysis , Mr. Sadjadpour notes that the ayatollah 's writings reflect " a resolute leader with a remarkably consistent and coherent – though highly cynical and conspiratorial – world view . "
Mr. Cole , at the University of Michigan , says Khamenei 's worldview has led him to see Iran 's reformists as abiding threats , even though many of them just want to tweak the nature of the Islamic revolution , not overthrow it entirely .
" What a lot of the reformers want is consumer capitalism and international integration … and Khamenei sees this as an existential to the republic , " says Cole .
" Khamenei is afraid that if Iran is n't economically independent , then the US will find a way to get a hold of it again and subjugate it .
A lot of his paranoia is that the reformists want to give away the show . "
What is Google ’s CDN ?
Google CDN stands for Google Content Distribution Network .
It provides a loading architecture for the most popular , open source JavaScript libraries .
Why should I use Google ’s CDN links ?
Most of the websites I see , still host their JavaScript Library on their own server ( Most , not all ) .
Actually never have I ever seen any Web Development Blog hosting the library on their own server .
They always use Google CDN , which is great because it has a number of advantages :
Google ’s Content Distribution
Network has libraries on their various servers across the world and if you use their CDN link , when a user ’s browser resolves the URL , their browser will automatically download the file from the closest available server , which will be a much faster download than if you force a user to download the file from your host server in whichever country your website is hosted .
Google ’s Content Distribution
Network will save you a great deal of bandwidth if you have large traffic on your website and a limited bandwidth with your host .
There is a good chance that the Google hosted version of that library is already cached on the user ’s browser cache , as lot of big websites and portals use Google ’s CDN links including Google itself and Google ’s servers instruct browsers to cache the file for one year if there are quite a few requests for the same hosted file .
How to use Google CDN ?
Google ’s CDN provides most of the popular , open source JavaScript Libraries with two ways of using each of them via the direct path in the < script /> tags and via The Google AJAX Libraries API .
To use the Google AJAX Libraries API we need to include the Google “ jsapi ” script :
[ html ] [ / html ]
The Google AJAX Libraries API provides a simple and powerful google.load ( ) method which accepts two arguments , the first argument to google .
load is the name of a library .
The second argument is the version of the library :
< script > google.load ( " jquery " , " 1.3.2 " ) ; google.load ( " jqueryui " , " 1.7.1 " ) ; google.setOnLoadCallback(function ( ) { // use this instead of : /* $ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { } ) ; */ } ) ; </ script >
But to use this API , there is a different approach for the ready functions of all the libraries .
For example , in the above code , we use google.setOnLoadCallback( function ( ) { } ) ; instead of jQuery ’s ready function .
In - fact we use google.setOnLoadCallback( function ( ) { } ) ; instead of all different library ’s ready functions .
This can be seen as a drawback or a good feature ; I see it as a good feature as it gives me a single ready function for all libraries .
The second method to use Google ’s CDN links is by the direct paths of the libraries in the < script / > tags
Below is a list of all the JavaScript Libraries Google CDN provides with the direct paths and google .
load implementation :
jQuery
j Query UI
Prototype
script.aculo.us
MooTools
Dojo
SWFObject
Yahoo !
User Interface Library ( YUI )
[ css ] name : jqueryversions : 1.2.3 , 1.2.6 , 1.3.0 , 1.3.1 , 1.3.2load request : google.load ( " jquery " , " 1.3.2 " ) ; extras : uncompressed : true , e.g. , google.load ( " jquery " , " 1.3.2 " , {uncompressed : true} ) ; path : http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.3.2/jquery.min.jspath(u): http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.3.2/jquery.js[/css][css] name : jqueryuiversions : 1.5.2 , 1.5.3 , 1.6 , 1.7.0 , 1.7.1load request : google.load ( " jqueryui " , " 1.7.1 " ) ; extras : uncompressed : true , e.g. , google.load ( " jqueryui " , " 1.7.1 " , {uncompressed : true} ) ; path : http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.7.1/jquery-ui.min.jspath(u): http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.7.1/jquery-ui.jsnote:
This library depends on jquery .
Before loading this module , you must load jquery .
e.g.:google.load(" jquery " , " 1.3.2 " ) ;google.load ( " jqueryui " , " 1.7.1 " ) ;[ /css ] [css ] name : prototypeversions : 1.6.0.2 , 1.6.0.3load request : google.load ( " prototype " , " 1.6.0.3 " ) ; path : http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/prototype/1.6.0.3/prototype.js[/css][css] name : scriptaculousversions : 1.8.1 , 1.8.2load request : google.load ( " scriptaculous " , " 1.8.2 " ) ; path : http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/scriptaculous/1.8.2/scriptaculous.jsnote:
This library depends on Prototype .
Before loading this module , you must load Prototype . e.g.:google.load(" prototype " , " 1.6 " ) ;google.load ( " scriptaculous " , " 1.8.2 " ) ; [ /css ] [css ] name : mootoolsversions : 1.11 , 1.2.1 , 1.2.2load request : google.load ( " mootools " , " 1.2.2 " ) ; extras : uncompressed : true , e.g. , google.load ( " mootools " , " 1.2.2 " , {uncompressed : true} ) ; path : http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/mootools/1.2.2/mootools-yui-compressed.jspath(u): http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/mootools/1.2.2/mootools.jsGoogle
Thanks for reading .
月周回衛星 「 かぐや （SELENE）」のハイビジョンカメラ（HDTV）による
半影月食時の地球の撮影の成功について
宇宙航空研究開発機構 （JAXA）および日本放送協会（NHK）は、平成21年2月10日（日本時間、以下同様）に月周回衛星「かぐや（SELENE）」からハイビジョンカメラ（HDTV）によって、「半影月食」※時に、「かぐや」から見て地球が太陽の大部分を覆い隠し、地球がダイヤモンドリングのように見える瞬間を動画撮影することに成功しました。この現象が月から撮影されたのは、世界で初めてのことです。
撮影は、 「 かぐや （SELENE）」に搭載されたNHK開発の宇宙仕様のハイビジョンカメラ（HDTV）によって行われたものです。「かぐや（SELENE）」で撮影した動画をJAXAにて受信し、その後、NHKにおいてデータ処理を行いました。
※半影月食とは、太陽、地球、月がほぼ一直線に並び、月が地球の半影（月から見て太陽が地球により一部隠されて（部分食）見える）に入る現象で、月に届く太陽の光量が減るため地球からは月の表面がいつもより暗く照らされて見えます。月を極軌道で周回する「かぐや」が月食に遭遇するのは、最大で年に2度程度と大変貴重なものです。
図 1 ハイビジョンカメラ（望遠）による半影月食時の地球の撮影画像
図 2 ハイビジョンカメラ（望遠）による半影月食時の地球の連続撮影画像
図 3 「 半影月食時の地球の出」撮影時の「かぐや」、月、地球、太陽の位置関係
図 3 「 半影月食時の地球の出」撮影時の「かぐや」、月、地球、太陽の位置関係
この画像は、平成21年2月10日（日本時間）に「かぐや（SELENE）」ハイビジョンカメラ（望遠）で撮影された動画の一部を静止画像として切り出したものです。右下の明るく光っている部分は太陽、細いリングで囲まれた黒い部分が地球です。ちょうど地球の夜の側を見ているため真っ暗です。太陽の大部分は、地球、そして赤い点線で示された月面によって隠されています。地球がリング状に輝いているのは、大気があるためです。太陽の光は地球の大気によって散乱を起こすため、太陽光の一部は地球の縁を回り込むようにして月に到達します。そのため月からは地球の大気が青く、リング状に光っているように見えるのです。これは、太陽光の散乱が、青い色の光で起きやすいためだと考えられます。今回撮影された動画には、地球と太陽が月面から徐々に現れる様子がとらえられています。上の一連の画像は、その推移がわかるよう切り出したものです。左上の画像は、月面から地球が現れた直後の様子。太陽が月面から現れ、ダイヤモンドリングのような光景が見られる（右下の画像）まで、およそ47秒かかっています。
« Slacking | Main |
But what are the civilian applications ? »
The 21st century : FAQ
Q : What can we expect ?
A : Pretty much what you read about in New Scientist every week .
Climate change , dust bowls caused by over - cultivation necessitated by over - population , resource depletion in obscure and irritatingly mission - critical sectors ( never mind oil ; we 've only got 60 years of easily exploitable phosphates left — if we run out of phosphates , our agricultural fertilizer base goes away ) , the great population overshoot ( as developing countries transition to the low population growth model of developed countries ) leading to happy fun economic side - effects ( deflation , house prices crash , stagnation in cutting - edge research sectors due to not enough workers , aging populations ) , and general bad - tempered overcrowded primate bickering .
Oh , and the unknown unknowns .
Q : Unknown unknowns ?
Are you talking about Donald Rumsfeld ?
A : No , but I 'm stealing his term for unprecedented and unpredictable events ( sometimes also known as black swans ) .
From the point of view of an observer in 1909 , the modern consumer electronics industry ( not to mention computing and internetworking ) is a black swan , a radical departure from the then - predictable revolutionary enabling technologies ( automobiles and aeroplanes ) .
Planes , trains and automobiles were already present , and progressed remarkably well — and a smart mind in 1909 would have predicted this .
But antibiotics , communication satellites , and nuclear weapons were another matter .
Some of these items were mentioned , in very approximate form , by 1909 - era futurists , but for the most part they took the world by surprise .
We 're certainly going to see unknown unknowns in the 21st century .
Possible sources of existential surprise include ( but are not limited to ) biotechnology , nanotechnology , AI , climate change , supply chain / logistics breakthroughs to rival the shipping container , fork lift pallet , bar code , and RFID chip — and politics .
But there 'll be other stuff so weird and strange I can't even guess at it .
Q : Eh ?
But what 's the big picture ?
A : The big picture is that since around 2005 , the human species has — for the first time ever — become a predominantly urban species .
Prior to that time , the majority of humans lived in rural / agricultural lifestyles .
Since then , just over 50 % of us now live in cities ; the move to urbanization is accelerating .
If it continues at the current pace , then some time after 2100 the human population will tend towards the condition of the UK — in which roughly 99 % of the population live in cities or suburbia .
This is going to affect everything .
It 's going to affect epidemiology .
It 's going to affect wealth production .
It 's going to affect agriculture ( possibly for the better , if it means a global shift towards concentrated high - intensity food production , possibly in vertical farms , and a re-wilding / return to nature of depopulated and underutilized former rural areas ) .
It 's going to affect the design and layout of our power , transport , and information grids .
It 's going to affect our demographics ( urban populations tend to grow by immigration , and tend to feature lower birth rates than agricultural communities ) .
There 's a gigantic difference between the sustainability of a year 2109 with 6.5 billion humans living a first world standard of living in creative cities , and a year 2109 with 3.3 billion humans living in cities and 3.2 billion humans still practicing slash 'n ' burn subsistence farming all over the map .
Q : Space colonization ?
A : Forget it .
Assuming we avoid a systemic collapse , there 'll probably be a moon base , by and by .
Whether it 's American , Chinese , Indian , or Indonesian is anybody 's guess , and probably does n't matter as far as the 99.999 % of the human species who will never get off the planet are concerned .
There 'll probably be a Mars expedition too .
But barring fundamental biomedical breakthroughs , or physics / engineering breakthroughs that play hell with the laws of physics as currently understood , canned monkeys are n't going to Jupiter any time soon , never mind colonizing the universe .
( See also Saturn 's Children for a somewhat snarky look at this . )
Q : The Singularity ?
A : Forget it .
The rapture of the nerds , like space colonization , is likely to be a non-participatory event for 99.999 % of humanity — unless we 're very unlucky .
If it happens and it's interested in us , all our plans go out the window .
If it does n't happen , sitting around waiting for the AIs to save us from the rising sea level / oil shortage / intelligent bioengineered termites looks like being a Real Bad Idea .
The best approach to the singularity is to apply Pascal 's Wager — in reverse — and plan on the assumption that it ain't going to happen , much less save us from ourselves .
Q : Politics ?
Which of ( Socialism | Capitalism | Libertarianism | Fascism | Democracy ) is going to save us ?
A : Probably none of the above .
These are all political ideologies that emerged out of the Westphalian settlement and the subsequent European Enlightenment .
This settlement was typified by the ascendancy of the nation state as an atomic administrative entity with relatively non-porous boundaries and legal and trade systems .
We seem ( at present ) to be moving towards a much more globalized , diffused model of sovereignty and legal systems .
Currently 70 % of primary legislation in the UK originates in the EU ( via the European Parliament , European Commission , or Council of Ministers ) ; even in the USA , a country noteworthy for its sense of exclusive legislative independence , a surprisingly high proportion of US federal law originates as a result of WTO treaty processes .
Autarky is already difficult to achieve and maintain without extreme privation , as witness the state of North Korea ( deliberately isolationist and self - sufficient ) or Zimbabwe ( wilting under international trade sanctions .
We 're still waiting for the definitive ideological polarity of the internet era to emerge , although Bruce Schneier has opined that the key political hot potato of the 21st century will be the question , " how do we maintain the concept of privacy in an age of ubiquitous communications and surveillance " , and some believe that privacy is already dead .
Given the way Moore 's Law is taking us towards an essentially unlimited ability to record everything , I 'm not able to argue with the inevitability of surveillance : what I 'd dispute is the morality of it . )
Q : What about religion ?
A : Doctrinaire religious beliefs that prescribe a specific way of life and ban certain technologies may be a major threat to our ability to adapt to a changing world — but as long as they are confined to their practitioners the rest of us can probably survive them .
However , if religious beliefs erupt onto the larger stage ( for example , when believers acquire the levers of power and legislate their taboos into the code by which entire nations run ) we may have problems .
Example # 1 : The US federal ban on funding for embryonic stem cell research badly damaged the pursuit of medical treatments for a number of conditions ( such as Parkinson 's Disease ) .
Example # 2 : a Saudi judge has issued a ruling banning the use of alcohol as a fuel : " the prophet has cursed not only who drinks it but also those who use it for other purposes " .
These are relatively minor examples of doctrine colliding with the modern technosphere ; if nothing worse happens in the 21st century , we 'll be lucky .
Possible example of something worse : the Vatican has just muddled into the global debate on illegal drugs by denouncing harm reduction strategies — and risks making things that much worse , just as their principled anti-condom stance poured gasoline on the African AIDS crisis in the 1980s and 1990s .
Q : Are we going to survive ?
A : No — in the long run , we are all dead .
That goes for us as individuals and as a species .
On the other hand , I hope to have a comfortable , long and pleasant life first , and I wish you the same !
| Permalink
Home > Archive > 2009 > May > 17 Neutrality in different contexts Sunday , May 17 , 2009 by Dave Winer .
1 . In our world we call it net neutrality .
It means that all packets are treated equally on the Internet .
2 . Among journos , it 's the distinction betw editorial and publishing functions , what 's often referred to as a Chinese Wall .
In the tech press , back when there was such a thing , they 'd sometimes send an ad sales person to visit along with the editor in chief .
The editor excuses himself to go to the bathroom , the sales guy says " If you buy an ad he 'll review the product . "
Even if they do n't come out and say it , it 's often understood .
It also becomes obvious to the readers that this is going on , so they stop believing the reviews .
It 's likely it happens in areas businesses , like movie reviews .
3 . In government , it 's the separation of church and state .
This is one of the ways freedom of religion is guaranteed .
If there was a state religion , one which was part of the government , people of different faiths , or ones who do n't practice any religion , would have less rights .
When someone says the US is a " Christian nation " they 're saying they do n't believe in this separation .
4 . At Microsoft they claimed to keep the systems and apps divisions separate .
This became a farce when they claimed that the web browser was part of the system software , when it was clearly an app .
This is how they justified their plan to suck the web into Windows .
5 . You do n't want your Internet Service Provider to also provide your cable TV because they might screw around with BitTorrent to keep you from getting your entertainment on the net , protecting their revenue from cable TV .
So they make a promise to keep the two functions separate , and there 's a scandal every time they fail to .
6 . With Google it means that the search engineers do n't talk to the advertising people about fine - tuning their algorithms so the biggest customers get the best results .
It 's because we believe that Google does n't screw around that we trust their search .
7 . I feel very strongly that this kind of neutrality should be the rule on Twitter , and I also know that it 's not the rule .
They make no attempt to separate operational and editorial functions .
In a way this is very honest of them , but it 's also long - term going to be bad for business , as people they do n't favor look for other outlets for their creative work .
8 . Halliburton got some sweet deals from the Bush Administration because the VP was their CEO until he became VP .
Did the VP ever explicitly tell DoD employees to favor Halliburton ?
He did n't have to , the theory goes , everyone knew where he came from .
This idea that you should keep certain functions separate from others permeates all human activities .
It 's so important we should have a theory for it , and a name that applies everywhere , so when a new thing comes along , no one need debate whether such separation is necessary or good .
Unless somehow humans reinvented human nature , it 's always both necessary and good .
This is something I hope to discuss with Jay in this evening 's Rebooting The News podcast .
View the forum thread .
Recent stories
Dave Winer , 54 , pioneered the development of weblogs , syndication ( RSS ) , podcasting , outlining , and web content management software ; former contributing editor at Wired Magazine , research fellow at Harvard Law School , entrepreneur , and investor in web media companies .
A native New Yorker , he received a Master 's in Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin , a Bachelor 's in Mathematics from Tulane University and currently lives in Berkeley , California .
" The protoblogger . " - NY Times .
" The father of modern - day content distribution . " - PC World .
One of BusinessWeek 's 25 Most Influential People on the Web .
" Helped popularize blogging , podcasting and RSS . " - Time .
" The father of blogging and RSS . " - BBC .
" RSS was born in 1997 out of the confluence of Dave Winer 's ' Really Simple Syndication ' technology , used to push out blog updates , and Netscape 's ' Rich Site Summary ' , which allowed users to create custom Netscape home pages with regularly updated data flows . "
- Tim O'Reilly .
http://twitter.com/davewiner
Dave Winer
Now , this is an example of an idea being followed through to its logical conclusion .
Here ’s where we start : the good effects of exercise are well known , and seem to be beyond argument .
Among these are marked improvements in insulin resistance ( the hallmark of type II diabetes ) and glucose uptake .
In fact , exercise , combined with losing adipose weight , is absolutely the best therapy for mild cases of adult - onset diabetes , and can truly reverse the condition , an effect no other treatment can match .
So , what actually causes these exercise effects ?
There has to be a signal ( or set of signals ) down at the molecular level that tells your cells what ’s happening , and initiates changes in their metabolism .
One good candidate is the formation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) in the mitochondria .
Exercise most certainly increases a person ’s use of oxygen , and increases the work load on the mitochondria ( since that ’s where all the biochemical energy is coming from , anyway ) .
Increased mitochondrial formation of ROS has been well documented , and they have a lot of physiological effects .
Of course , ROS are also implicated in many theories of aging and cellular damage , which is why cells have several systems to try to soak these things up .
That ’s exactly why people take antioxidants , vitamin C and vitamin E especially .
So. . . what if you take those while you ’re exercising ?
A new paper in PNAS askes that exact question .
About forty healthy young male volunteers took part in the study , which involved four weeks of identical exercise programs .
Half of the volunteers were already in athletic training , and half were n’t .
Both groups were then split again , and half of each cohort took 1000 mg / day of vitamin C and 400 IU / day vitamin E , while the other half took no antioxidants at all .
So , we have the effects of exercise , plus and minus previous training , and plus and minus antioxidants .
And as it turns out , antioxidant supplements appear to cancel out many of the beneficial effects of exercise .
Soaking up those transient bursts of reactive oxygen species keeps them from signaling .
Looked at the other way , oxidative stress could be a key to preventing type II diabetes .
Glucose uptake and insulin sensitivity are n’t affected by exercise if you ’re taking supplementary amounts of vitamins C and E , and this effect is seen all the way down to molecular markers such as the PPAR coactivator proteins PGC1 alpha and beta .
In fact , this paper seems to constitute strong evidence that ROS are the key mediators for the effects of exercise , and that this process is mediated through PGC1 and PPAR - gamma .
( Note that PPAR - gamma is the target of the glitazone class of drugs for type II diabetes , although signaling in this area is notoriously complex ) .
Interestingly , exercise also increases the body ’s endogenous antioxidant systems – superoxide dismutase and so on .
These are some of the gene targets of PPAR - gamma , suggesting that these are downstream effects .
Taking antioxidant supplements kept these from going up , too .
All these effects were slightly more pronounced in the group that had n’t been exercising before , but were still very strong across the board .
This confirms the suspicions raised by a paper from a group in Valencia last year , which showed that vitamin C supplementation seemed to decrease the development of endurance capacity during an exercise program .
I think that there ’s enough evidence to go ahead and say it : exercise and antioxidants work against each other .
The whole take - antioxidants - for - better - health idea , which has been taking some hits in recent years , has just taken another big one .
I mean , really : how often can you jailbreak a whole country ?
Login : Password : Remember Me Register Forums >> Job Openings >>
Career : Panda Security Reverse Engineer
Topic created on : May 25 , 2009 09:25 CDT by ero .
Panda Security is looking for experienced Reverse Engineers for the Headquarters in Bilbao , Spain .
If you are a Reverse Engineer with at least 3 years experience take a look at this open position !
We 're looking for Researchers like you who :
- Are very experienced in reverse engineering and debugging tools .
- Have solid knowledge of x86 assembly .
- Feel at home with IDA Pro and are able to develop plugins / scripting for it .
- Comprehend malware and its anti-detection mechanisms .
- Understand advanced debugging and anti-debugging techniques .
- Can evaluate packers , protections and obfuscation .
- Have strong understanding of windows system internals and APIs .
The Job :
- Analyzing and reverse - engineering new critical malware .
- Research new trends and techniques of malicious software to stay current and ready to identify and handle new strains .
- Develop new rules and routines for malware neutralization to use in the detection and disinfection engine .
- Writing and producing technical reports related to the malicious software suitable for distribution to technical audiences .
What 's in it for you :
- Join our top antimalware research team .
- Bleeding - edge technology and challenges .
- Competitive compensation and benefits .
- Company paid medical and dental .
- Corporate training programs .
- 26 day vacation and 10 National Holidays .
- Flexible work schedule .
- Spanish or English language classes subsidized .
- Great working environment : Center of the city and 1 minute away from a subway stop ; dining hall in the premises .
- Work and live in Spain !
Work Locations & Travel Requirements :
The primary work location is in Bilbao , Spain .
Travel requirements are minimal and are usually related to conferences / training .
Required qualifications
- Experienced with reverse engineering software packages such as IDA Pro , OllyDbgReverse , WinDBG .
- Knowledge of plugins / scripting development for those tools .
- Experienced with Windows environment and APIs , Windows user - space and kernel - space .
- Experience with virtualization and debugging .
- Strong assembly language programming experience .
Preferred qualifications
- Report writing experience , translating technical terms into readable , layman 's terms .
- C / C++ / Python .
- Experience in forensic analysis , being published or conducted lectures on security subjects .
If you are interested , please do n't hesitate to send us an email at :
working@pandasecurity.com
May 25 , 2009 09:25 CDT byPanda Security is looking for experienced Reverse Engineers for the Headquarters in Bilbao , Spain .
If you are a Reverse Engineer with at least 3 years experience take a look at this open position !
We 're looking for Researchers like you who : - Are very experienced in reverse engineering and debugging tools .
- Have solid knowledge of x86 assembly .
- Feel at home with IDA Pro and are able to develop plugins / scripting for it .
- Comprehend malware and its anti-detection mechanisms .
-Understand advanced debugging and anti-debugging techniques .
- Can evaluate packers , protections and obfuscation .
- Have strong understanding of windows system internals and APIs .
The Job :- Analyzing and reverse - engineering new critical malware . -
Research new trends and techniques of malicious software to stay current and ready to identify and handle new strains . -
Develop new rules and routines for malware neutralization to use in the detection and disinfection engine . -
Writing and producing technical reports related to the malicious software suitable for distribution to technical audiences .
What 's in it for you :- Join our top antimalware research team . -
Bleeding - edge technology and challenges .-
Competitive compensation and benefits .-
Company paid medical and dental .- Corporate training programs .- 26 day vacation and 10 National Holidays .-
Flexible work schedule .- Spanish or English language classes subsidized .-
Great working environment : Center of the city and 1 minute away from a subway stop ; dining hall in the premises . -
Work and live in Spain !
Work Locations & Travel Requirements : The primary work location is in Bilbao , Spain .
Travel requirements are minimal and are usually related to conferences / training .
Required qualifications - Experienced with reverse engineering software packages such as IDA Pro , OllyDbgReverse , WinDBG . - Knowledge of plugins / scripting development for those tools . -
Experienced with Windows environment and APIs , Windows user - space and kernel - space . -
Experience with virtualization and debugging .-
Strong assembly language programming experience .
Preferred qualifications - Report writing experience , translating technical terms into readable , layman 's terms . - C / C++ / Python .-
Experience in forensic analysis , being published or conducted lectures on security subjects .
If you are interested , please do n't hesitate to send us an email at:working@pandasecurity.com
No posts found under this topic .
This is a great application , it saves a lot of time and although I would like to say the ' Wow ' factor is because of the great data I provide ; I know that it is more likely due to the presentation that FusionCharts has made possible .
Jonathan Rickard ,
In an earlier post , “ 15 of the World ’s Most Adorable Miniature Animals ” , we took a look at some extremely diminutive creatures .
Now we ’re going to go the opposite direction and showcase 15 of the world ’s largest organisms , and one honorable mention .
These animals are n’t the type to run and hide when a human being comes along , in fact most of them are absolutely too dangerous to approach at all in the wild , but regardless of their size and strength , they have the unique ability to inspire awe .
King of the Castle
Not only is the Blue whale the planet ’s largest single living animal , it is the largest animal believed to ever have existed on earth .
From nose to the tip of the tail , its length spans over 100 feet , dwarfing every and any other animal it could ever encounter .
Weighing in at up to 190 tons , this oceanic beast is simply massive .
They are severely endangered due to any number of causes , though chiefly whaling , and can be found roaming nearly every oceanic area the world over .
Gentle Giants
While normally a docile creature , the African Bush Elephant is actually as deadly as it is huge .
At up to nearly 20,000 lbs it is the largest and most massive creature living on land , and once fully grown , has no natural predators .
When provoked , there is nearly no stopping them , but being hunted by humans has landed these giants in a precarious position population - wise .
The Blubber Comes in Handy
Elephant Seals live in one of the absolute coldest regions in the world , swimming in icy water and laying on thick glacial ice all day long .
They are massive , with bulls weighing up to 6,000 lbs .
They routinely provide entertainment to human onlookers by their constant fighting , as the males are extremely dominant and combative .
They Do n’t Look Much Like Horses …
But they ’re named after them .
Hippopotamuses look like gigantic pigs that swim , but their name is greek for “ river horse ” and they ’re actually more related to whales like the porpoise .
They are considered one of the most dangerous animals alive due to their extreme territorial defensiveness , mixed with raw power and sheer weight .
If a hippo charges , not much can stop it .
They Do n’t Live with Penguins .
Polar bears do , however , live in an extreme climate , and are the world ’s largest species of bear .
They can weigh up to 1,500 lbs and usually spend their days swimming in water below freezing temperature , hunting .
They ’re in danger of extinction now due to a mixture of hunting and climate changes , which are depleting the glacial ice these animals need to survive .
Every Child Knows them , Nobody Wants to Pet them .
Well , someone may want to pet the White Rhinoceros , but nobody would recommend it .
Weighing up to nearly 8,000 lbs , the rhino is a huge , thick - skinned animal with very few natural predators .
The Salt - Water Crocodile on the other hand , is not the kind of beast anybody looks at and thinks is cute .
At up to 3,000 lbs and 20 feet long , it seems more akin to dinosaurs than anything living today .
In the Great White Hollywood Shadow
Movies like Jaws have brought the wrong animal to the forefront of our imaginations .
The 40 foot long , 15 ton Whale Shark easily dwarfs the Great White , though it does n’t have any teeth .
Manta Rays have been found with wing - spans of 25 feet and weights of 5,000 lbs , and recently the Giant Squid was knocked off its throne by the Colossal Squid , measuring in at 46 feet .
Ligers are real , and they ’re Huge .
While not common knowledge , the “ Liger ” is not a mythical creature .
It ’s simply the product of a male lion and a female tiger , and it can weigh 700 lbs at a 10 foot length .
The Wild Boar varies in size and weight but Russian variants of the species have been recorded at over 600 lbs .
The fabled Anaconda is also real enough , with reports of snakes prowling jungle rivers at lengths of 60 feet .
No List is Complete Without Them
While not an animal by any means , the General Sherman tree ( above , left ) is a beast of a tree ; it stands 275 feet high , and it ’s estimated to be at least 2,700 years old .
Lastly , though largely overlooked and not very glamorous , the Pando colony of Quaking Aspen trees in Utah is actually one single organism , connected by one root system , with each trunk actually being a stem .
Pando covers 107 acres of land and weighs an estimated 6,615 tons ; it is believed to be over 80,000 years old .
An honorable mention needs to be made in this category for the African Baobab tree .
The largest and oldest specimen is dated at 6,000 years old , and has a 150 foot circumference .
JREF Swift Blog
Patricia Putt Million Dollar Challenge Test Results In !
Patricia Putt , who claims she is psychic , took the preliminary test for the One Million Dollar Paranormal Challenge today .
The test was conducted by Professor Richard Wiseman and Professor Christopher French .
In order to pass her challenge test , Mrs. Putt was required to pen psychic readings for ten volunteers who were then asked to identify their own readings from the group .
At least five volunteers would have had to correctly identify their own reading .
None did .
Mrs. Putt 's readings were correctly identified by zero out of ten volunteers .
According to the testers , Mrs. Putt took this failure well , and did not blame the test or the testers but rather her own powers for failing .
There will be a longer article on the test and the results soon , so keep an eye on Swift for more information .
The JREF would like to send a special thanks to Professor Richard Wiseman , Professor Christopher French , Panka Juhasz , James Munroe , Suzanne Barbieri , and Fabio Tartarini for conducting the test .
And , of course , we would also like to thank Patricia Putt for participating .
Australia 's Arclight Films , Canada 's Wizzfilms , the Infotainment China Media Company , and the United Kingdom 's Latec International have agreed on Thursday to produce the proposed live - action film adaptation of the Bubblegum Crisis anime franchise .
The defunct ARTMIC studio created the original 1987 - 1991 video anime series about four women who protect a cybernetic future Tokyo with powered armor .
Japan 's Anime International Company ( AIC ) had previously signed a basic agreement with Singapore 's Cubix International PTE Ltd. ( Zodiac : The Race Begins ) for the adaptation on October 30 .
Benjamin Toh of Singapore 's Axxis International is acting as executive producer .
The US$ 30 - million project is planned for worldwide release by early 2012 .
The producers are negotiating for the director and cast , who will shoot the film in Australia .
A spokesperson told The Hollywood Reporter newspaper that the cast will " feature two male leads and a quartet of female action babes — two Caucasian and two Asian . "
Mokko Studio , a partner studio of Wizzfilms with Oscar - winning animation director Anthony LaMolinara ( Spider - Man , Spider - Man 2 ) , has agreed to do the post - production work in Canada .
AIC and Cubix said in 2008 that they intend to consult with former ARTMIC staffers Shinji Aramaki ( screenplay and mechanical design ) and Kenichi Sonoda ( character design ) to maintain a connection with the world concepts of the original series .
Screendaily.com describes the project as " the first co-production between the six nations . "
By lining up partners from Australia , Canada , and China , the producers may be able to partly bankroll the film with funds from the respective governments and release the film in China .
Axxis says that 70 % of the project 's funds have been committed .
The original anime sold over 600,000 copies on laserdisc and video tape .
It already spawned the AD Police Files prequel video anime series and the Bubblegum Crash sequel video anime series .
The Bubblegum Crisis : Tokyo 2040 television anime series remade the original story in 1998 and spawned its own AD Police television series spinoff and the Parasite Dolls video series .
Thank you to Brian Ruh for the news tip .
Source : Screendaily.com , The Hollywood Reporter
Update : The Kung Fu Cult Cinema website posted a promotional poster ( pictured at left ) that surfaced at Cannes .
Hopefully none of the Forensics Experts mentioned in the previous Spy Blog article
Operation Alegbra child rape convictions in Scotland : open WiFi tracking , digital camera image forensics
will get treated like the UK Digital Forensics expert Jim Bates , who , despite 30 years experience as an expert for both the Prosecution and the Defence , in many cases involving child porn images on computers , seems to have been targeted by the Police , and arrested , on exactly the same charges as most of the people in the Operation Algebra case were convicted of i.e. " conspiracy to possess indecent images of children " .
See The Register Paedo case expert Jim Bates arrested on child porn charge
Presumably this has something to do with the disastrous handling of the massive Operation Ore investigation , where Jim Bates acted for some the defendants , and where it was proven that many of the thousands of people who were suspected of being in possession of " child porn , had actually had their credit card numbers stolen and used on the FBI run child porn website , or had suffered from pop up child porn adverts , when browsing legal adult porn websites .
See investigative journalist Duncan Campbell 's article in The Guardian : Operation
Ore flawed by fraud
Last week saw the publication of the successful High Court Appeal by Jim Bates , against the validity of the search warrant used by the Avon and Somerset Police to search his home in September 2008 .
See the text of the Judgment on the BAILII website : Bates & Anor v Chief Constable of the Avon and Somerset Police & Anor [ 2009 ] EWHC 942 ( Admin ) ( 08 May 2009 ) , which explains the legal background to this extraordinary case :
Mr Justice Owen : 28 . I consider that Mr Jones ' submission is well founded .
Given their knowledge of the first claimant 's role as an expert witness over many years , I do not consider that either the officers or the justice could have been satisfied that there were reasonable grounds for believing that the first claimants ' computers would not contain material subject to legal privilege or special procedure material .
It seems clear that they did not address the question .
Had they done so , they must have come to the conclusion that the first claimant 's computers might contain such material .
In those circumstances there was a means by which the police could have examined the computers for material relevant to their investigation , namely by exercising the power of seizure contained in sections 50 - 52 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 , but as I have already observed , they did not do so .
Accordingly in my judgment there was no jurisdiction to issue the warrant in the form in which it was sought and issued .
Accordingly I would quash the warrant on this ground , and grant the relief sought , namely a declaration that the entry and search of the premises , and the seizures made in the course of the search , were unlawful .
GROUND ( d )
29 . Ground ( d ) is directed at the extension of the search .
DI Cawsey gave evidence in her witness statement that she authorised the extension of the search under section 19 when it was reported to her that a large number of computers and hard discs had been found in the course of execution of the warrant .
But if the warrant was not lawfully issued , it could not have been extended under section 19 ; and it follows that the seizure of the materials the subject of the purported extension was also unlawful .
Lord Justice Richards : 30 . I agree .
Hopefully the Crown Prosecution Service will now drop the charges against Jim Bates and Chris Magee .
ESPN , the US sports broadcaster owned by Disney , has won the rights to screen 46 live Premier League matches next season which were formerly held by Setanta .
The US broadcaster is thought to have paid about £ 90 m for those games , according to industry sources .
Setanta paid £ 131 m , but the league had already received about £ 40 m from the Irish pay - TV company in downpayments for the 2009 - 2010 season .
ESPN has also bid successfully for 23 games for three seasons from 2010 in a separate deal .
Both sets of rights reverted to the Premier League on Friday after Setanta , their previous owner , failed to make a £ 10 m payment to the rights holder .
BSkyB , which already owns four out of a possible six packages of 23 live games next season , has failed to win any additional matches for the 2009 - 2010 season , which begins in August .
Sky already holds the right to five out of six packages for the three years from the 2010 - 2011 season .
Under EU competition rules ,
Sky is barred from owning all of them but it is thought to have bid for one of the two packages of games .
ESPN has twice tried to buy rights to Premier League matches , before but it has been outbid on both occasions .
ESPN has also reached a distribution deal with BSkyB , which will screen the Premier League games it was awarded today from next season and beyond .
The US company said it had reached an agreement with Sky , but would also make the games " widely available across multiple pay - TV platforms " .
ESPN added that the Sky deal was a " first step " in its distribution strategy , which suggest that further deals with cable operator Virgin Media , and other digital TV operators including Freeview are likely to be struck .
ESPN also said that as part of the Sky arrangement , BSkyB would make games available to " commercial customers " , which implies that the pay - TV giant will sell games to pubs on ESPN 's behalf .
Sky had a similar arrangement with Setanta .
Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore welcomed the deal .
" The Premier League is extremely pleased to have added ESPN as a UK rights holder , " Scudamore said .
" They have a formidable worldwide reputation and experience in sports and I am sure we will enjoy a long and fruitful relationship with them . "
ESPN International managing director , Russell Wolff , added : " Premier League football is one of the world 's most sought - after sports properties , and we are very excited to be expanding our business in the UK with England 's top football product .
" This move demonstrates our commitment to British sports fans and our ongoing commitment to delivering football to fans around the world across a variety of media . "
The broadcaster 's managing director for Europe , the Middle East and Africa , Lynne Franks , added : " We are clearly delighted that our bid for exclusive media rights to the Barclays Premier League matches in the UK has been successful .
" This is a huge step for our business , and we look forward to working with the Premier League , football clubs and distributors to bring UK sports fans all the excitement they expect in Premier League football . "
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Zaha Hadid Architects and french company Lacoste collaborated to design this exclusive footwear .
Limited to 850 pairs , the boots will be released next July in three exclusive stores from Paris , London and Milan .
“ Featuring a digitized version of Lacoste ’s famous croc logo and a pliable , coiled strap system , the styles bring Hadid ’s signature look to footwear for men ( an ankle boot ) and women ( a calf boot ) . ”
One more image after the break .
Incidentally , Megan 's post about the gross ignorance or dishonesty of her ideological comrades in arms ends up in one of her signature bizarre overstatements of the influence of teacher 's unions on progressive politics in America : " The Laffer Curve and the supply siders pushing it seem to be the teacher 's unions of the right . "
Obviously , teacher 's unions are an influential group .
That said , the No Child Left Behind education reform that AFT and the NEA very much do n't like was primarily written by Ted Kennedy and George Miller , who are n't just Democrats , but actually chair the education committees of the House and Senate .
The American Prospect tends , in my view , to bend over backwards to be friendly to the teacher 's unions , but never spiked any writing I did that went against the union line .
The liberal Washington Monthly ran a 2004 article lauding John Kerry ( at the time , an influential Democrat ) for bucking the unions on key reforms :
Many liberals had hoped that Kerry would attack the testing requirement set forth in Bush 's No Child Left Behind Act ( NCLB ) , which has become increasingly unpopular , especially among teachers ' unions .
But Kerry , who had voted for NCLB , instead challenged two longstanding , and fiercely defended , union prerogatives : seniority - based pay increases and rules virtually guaranteeing veteran teachers tenure .
The candidate proposed a " new bargain " -- a $ 30 billion , 10 - year plan of federal grants which would allow districts to raise the pay of teachers whose students consistently test above average , while at the same time making it easier for schools to fire bad teachers .
" Greater achievement ought to be a goal , " Kerry said , " and it should be able to command greater pay , just the way it does in every other sector of professional employment . "
That article did n't get spiked and Kerry is still a Democrat in good standing .
Robert Gordon , known to pen such things as " That Republicans are fond of making these points -- and unions and school officials are not fond of hearing them - - does not make them less true " is a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress and also served as domestic policy director for the Kerry - Edwards campaign .
Basically , the unions , while influential , also see their influence checked by counterbalancing interest groups within the Democratic Party , including the major civil rights organizations , several major charitable foundations , and the proclivity of various wealthy progressives to fund operations like Democrats for Education Reform .
There 's absolutely no comparison between this and the ways in which supply - side orthodoxy dominates the right .
You see prominent Democratic politicians , progressive media outlets , and think tanks all deviating from the union line while you almost never see the right 's institutions break publicly with the Lafferites .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
By GottaLaff
These are the people who are offended by the phrase " clinging to their guns " .
These are the people who cherish the blastocysts , but not the child .
These are the people who say things like the following , when an innocent man is murdered in cold blood .
Here are some examples of their twisted , perverted logic :
I ca n’t help but to follow the logic .
“ Doctor ” Tiller is committing late - term abortions , which by any sane person ’s calculation is infanticide .
This is murder .
Through perversion of the law , this is permitted , despite it flying the face of the history of civilization .
This has been tolerated for two decades , and nothing has happened to stop the killing .
He would have continued to commit this crime .
I ca n’t escape the conclusion that killing Tiller was the right thing to do .
I am uncomfortable with this conclusion because it ’s dangerous .
But nevertheless , it was the ethical thing to do .
Tiller would have continued to take numerous lives .
Nothing was going to stop him .
So someone did stop him .
And now fewer lives will be taken .
We celebrate the breaking the laws every time the media canonizes Rosa Parks .
She broke the law .
There is no question of that .
The question is whether it was the ethical thing to do ( it was . )
We celebrate the Nazi resistance , we celebrate the Tiananmen Square uprising .
I ’m sure those were all illegal actions , yet were unquestionably the moral things to do .
So how would killing a killer , when all options are exhausted , not also be the right thing to do ?
You have to wonder if the reason why we have a legal system is in order to steal the oxygen from moral vigilantism .
You have to wonder if the legal system breaks down whether vigilantism , when all other options fail , becomes a moral imperative .
GOP to Obama : America is Less Safe
The GOP is criticizing the Obama administration for releasing the torture memos .
WASHINGTON , April 19 , 2009  --
The White House today found itself facing a barrage of criticism over releasing the so - called torture memos .
Republican lawmakers took to the airwaves on the Sunday talk shows to argue the president 's release of Justice Department memos detailing the Bush administration 's internal discussions of harsh interrogation tactics has made America less safe .
Rep. John Boehner , R - Ohio , told ABC News , " The release of these memos is dangerous . "
Former GOP Rep. Dick Armey , R - Texas , speaking on Fox News , called it " grotesquely irresponsible . "
It was n't just the usual suspects opposing President Obama 's disclosure of Justice Department memos about harsh interrogations .
Four former CIA directors said it could make it harder for intelligence agents to battle terrorists in the future .
" You will have agency officers stepping back from the kinds of things that the nation expects them to do , " former CIA director Gen.
Mike Hayden told Fox News .
Hayden said fully half the information the government has about al Qaeda came from these interrogations .
Even the president 's current CIA director , Leon Panetta , opposed releasing the memos .
To battle the barrage , the White House sent two of its top voices to argue the president is not giving al Qaeda any new information .
" One of the reasons the president was willing to let this information out was that already the information was out , " White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel told George Stephanopoulos on " This Week " today .
" Go get the New York Review of Books .
It 's there . "
Administration officials argue that from Turkey , where the president stopped last week , to Trinidad , where he spoke today , the president 's decision to end harsh interrogation tactics has restored American prestige .
" The president has banned these enhanced interrogation techniques , " Obama aide David Axelrod told CBS .
" We have turned the page on this episode in our history . "
Administration officials insist this is not a debate between American values and American security , saying tactics like waterboarding are illegal and do n't work .
The first new open mic of 2013 is here and it ’s in Pennsauken , NJ !
The Mark Stinger Band presents an open mic at The Greenwood Inn :
ATTN MUSICIANS &FANS OF LIVE MUSIC !
EVERY WEDNESDAY NIGHT !
The Greenwood Inn 4457 Marlton Pike , Pennsauken , NJ 08109 ( The corner of Browning Road and Marlton Pike ) ( 856 ) 663-9868 Time : 8 pm-12am
You can find their Facebook link here : https://www.facebook.com/events/307581382614074/
Thanks to Chuck McCrory for sending us this tip !
Noby Noby
Boy ’s quirkiness may be a bit of a turnoff for the majority of PS3 owners .
Because the game ’s community is doing the complete opposite of what Noby Noby is known to do , i.e. keep shrinking , the game ’s creator has decided to cheat take a shortcut .
Because of the declining number of people playing Noby Noby Boy , Keita Takehashi has decided to increase the multiplier that calculates growth .
This allows the GIRL to stretch and reach new planets much faster .
GIRL has reached Mars , and the next planet they intend to reach is Jupiter .
So if you ’re still interested in Noby Noby Boy , go stretch like never before to help unlock new areas in the game !
[ Source ]
On 30 June the last US troops will pull out of the Iraqi cities .
America 's great adventure in Iraq is ending .
Already there are few US military patrols in Baghdad .
The American - held area of the Green Zone , for long a forbidden city in the middle of the capital , has been squeezed in size .
The hotel that Baghdad taxi drivers fondly believed was the headquarters of the CIA has removed the concrete wall protecting it and reopened for public business .
The knowledge that all US military forces will be out of Iraq by the end of 2011 immediately reduces American influence in Iraq .
No Iraqi wants to nail his flag to the mast of a departing ship , which is one reason why Washington for so long resisted setting a timetable for a US troop withdrawal .
American forces leave behind a country which is a barely floating wreck .
Its society , economy and very landscape have been torn apart by 30 years of war , sanctions and occupation .
I first came to Iraq in 1977 when its future looked rosy , but it turned out I was visiting the country at the high tide of its fortunes , a tide that has been ebbing ever since .
Iraqis have been engulfed by successive disasters : the eight - year - long Iran - Iraq war starting in 1980 ; the defeat in Kuwait in 1991 ; the bloodily suppressed Shia and Kurdish uprisings the same year ; UN sanctions amounting to a 13 - year - long siege which ruined the economy and shattered society ; the US invasion of 2003 ; the Sunni Arab war against the US occupation in 2003 - 7 and the Sunni - Shia civil war over the same period .
How many other countries in the world have endured such traumas ?
Is it any surprise that Iraqis are so heavily marked by them ?
The Iraqi government announces proudly that in May 2009 only 225 Iraqis died from war - related violence , a lower figure than we have seen in any month for at least four years .
Of course this is far better than the 3,000 tortured bodies which used to turn up every month at the height of sectarian war in 2006 - 7 .
Baghdad is certainly a safer place these days than Mogadishu , though not perhaps as secure as Kabul , where violence , at least for the moment , is surprisingly limited .
But the attitudes of Iraqis are not determined solely or even primarily by monthly casualty figures or even the current security situation .
Their individual psychology and collective political landscape is shaped rather by the memory of the mass killings of the recent past and fear that they might happen again .
Iraq is a country so drenched in blood as to make it next to impossible to reach genuine political accommodation between Shia and Sunni , Arab and Kurd , Baathist and non-Baathist , supporters and opponents of the US occupation .
" How do you expect people who are too frightened of each other to live in the same street to reach political agreements ? " asks one Iraqi friend in exasperation .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
***
People in Baghdad today are less tense and fearful than they were six months ago , but they are still wary and suspicious .
They keep saying that what happened before could happen again .
Probably , they are wrong , but it is impossible for anyone living in Baghdad today , having experienced the butchery of the recent past , not to live under its shadow .
I feel the same wariness when I visit restaurants in Baghdad where I used to eat four or five years ago .
That I can do so at all is a sign of improved security .
But even eating in a restaurant evokes memories of extreme violence .
There is , for instance , a Kurdish restaurant in the al - Mansur district , which serves an astringent yoghurt - type drink that I like .
But I find it impossible to forget that a couple of years ago a car bomb exploding just outside the restaurant tore the interior apart and killed half a dozen people .
When I sit in the White Palace restaurant I remember that I used to go there after visiting a friend of mine , a stockbroker called Hussein Kubba who would tell me hilarious , if slightly bitter stories , about how American officials had taken charge of the Baghdad stock exchange and were running it into the ground .
Later he was kidnapped , savagely whipped and forced to sell his house to pay his ransom .
Driving into my hotel , the al - Hamra in the Jadriya district , I glance at a booth where an old man sells cigarettes .
Inside the booth there is a picture of a teenage boy with dark curly hair .
It is the man 's son , from whom I once used to buy cigarettes .
I gave up smoking at the end of 2003 and therefore I did not know for some months that the boy had been killed by a suicide bomb targeting the Australian embassy on the other side of the road .
Inside my hotel I always get a warm greeting from the receptionists who over the years have been invariably friendly and helpful .
One of them lost his son – the body was never found – when the second building of the hotel was half - demolished by two suicide bombers , one with a 1,000 kilo bomb in his vehicle , in 2005 .
The son of a second receptionist had a job collecting money from shops to buy telephone scratch cards which he would then purchase from phone company at a slightly reduced wholesale rate .
He was known to carry large sums of money , a dangerous reputation in Baghdad , and was seized by gunmen .
After robbing him of $ 40,000 , they let him call his father by phone to ask him to come to a certain square in Baghdad to pick his son up when he was released .
His father went there as instructed , saw his son emerge from the gunmen 's car , and then watched as they shot the young man in the back of the head .
I sometimes think I should not come back to Baghdad because I am burdened by too many grizzly stories like these .
I wonder if another correspondent might be better able to write chirpy tales about how life here is getting better , as indeed , in a certain sense , it is .
He or she , coming to Iraq afresh , would have no memories of friends killed and tortured and would respond sympathetically to feel - good stories pumped out by the Iraqi and US governments about how life here is improving .
But then I recall that most Iraqis are influenced by the same experiences as myself .
Almost every Iraqi I know has lost one or more members of their family .
The bodies of many of the dead have never been found .
It is all very well for American officials and diplomats , with their British equivalents trotting dutifully behind , to hector Iraqi leaders about reaching political agreements with their rivals .
In a political universe bathed in so much violence this is difficult to do and , if done , it is almost impossible for leaders to deliver their own communities .
Political paralysis at the top in Iraq , so often berated abroad , is only a reflection of the paralysing suspicions and hatreds within Iraqi society .
Iraqis will not come to love each other in the foreseeable future , but this does not necessarily mean they will try to kill each other .
Iraqis have seen two wars since 2003 .
The first was waged by the Sunni Arabs against the US occupation .
The Sunni guerrillas were highly effective and killed or wounded 35,000 American troops .
The second conflict was a sectarian civil war between the Sunni and Shia communities which left tens of thousands dead and five million displaced .
It was fought because after the overthrow of Saddam Hussein the Shia ( 60 per cent of Iraqis ) had allied themselves to the Americans to displace the Sunni ( 20 per cent ) as the predominant community in control of the Iraqi state .
Both these wars are now over and both had winners and losers .
The Shia defeated the Sunni and Baghdad is now at least three - quarters Shia .
Much of the Sunni middle and professional class fled to Jordan and Syria and is unlikely to return .
Facing defeat by the Shia and in revulsion against al - Qa'ida , the Sunni insurgents switched sides and allied themselves to their former American enemies .
With their identities known and facing Iraqi government security forces 600,000 - strong these ex-insurgents are unlikely to be willing or able to go back to war .
The one war which might still take place is between the Kurds and the Arabs .
The Kurds were the heart of the old opposition to Saddam Hussein .
They also had a stroke of luck in 2003 .
The Turks refused to join the US invasion of northern Iraq or allow their own territory to be used for an attack .
The Iraqi Kurds , somewhat to the Americans ' surprise , became the main US allies .
The Kurds advanced south taking Kirkuk and Nineveh , mixed Kurdish - Arab provinces outside what became the highly autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) .
They found they had bitten off more than they could digest .
The Kurds are now very nervous as their power starts to decline as the Americans depart , the Arabs of northern Iraq organise themselves and the central government in Baghdad becomes militarily and politically stronger .
" This is the day every day Kurd was afraid of , " laments a Kurdish observer in Sulaimaniyah .
" Once more we are alone and face to face with Baghdad . "
In Iraq everybody is paranoid and everybody has a reason to be so .
In Nineveh , the capital of which is Mosul , the Sunni anti-Kurdish party al - Hadba won the provincial election in January and took over the local council .
The Kurds are refusing to retreat from territory where they are in the majority .
Last month the new al - Hadba governor of Nineveh , Atheel al - Najafi , accompanied by some 50 police cars , tried to enter a Kurdish - held part of his province , and was turned back by Kurdish forces .
They said they had received orders , though everybody denies issuing them , " to shoot to kill " if he persisted .
Has they done so there would have been general slaughter .
Iraqi Kurds and Arabs do not like each other .
" You could win an election here on an anti-Kurdish ticket , " says a politician in Baghdad .
But leaders on both sides have good reasons not to fight each other .
The government is a Shia - Kurdish coalition .
The Kurds hold some of the most important jobs .
Though keen to find oil within their own region the KRG depends on receiving 17 per cent of Iraqi oil revenues .
Above all , as part of the Iraqi government the Kurds are much better placed to fend off interference from Turkey , Iran and Syria .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
***
When I first came to Iraq 32 years ago , diplomats cheerily forecast a prosperous future for the country because , however bloodthirsty the Baathist regime , it was " the only Arab country with plenty of oil and water and a large enough population to exploit both . "
Like many diplomatic clichés this turned out to be untrue on most counts .
As violence ebbs , Iraqis are beginning to notice that the two main resources on which they entirely rely are both running short .
The waters of the Tigris flowing past the concrete walls and watch towers of the Green Zone have become very shallow .
Islands of sand and reeds break the surface in the middle of the river .
Last week I was watching a small boy swimming from one of these little islands .
He suddenly stood up and the water only came up to his waist , showing that it is just a few feet deep .
This is the result of a prolonged drought and the construction of dams upriver .
The problem is worse on the Euphrates .
Mesopotamia , in Greek the land ' between the rivers ' , is drying up .
Every week in Baghdad there are blinding dust storms which frequently shut the airport .
The Iraqi Agriculture Ministry says that 92.5 per cent of the country is now subject to desertification and as a result between 40 and 50 per cent of what was Iraq 's most fertile land as recently as the 1970s is falling out of production .
The main reason for this is the dams built in Turkey and Syria on the upper reaches of the Euphrates which are reducing the flow of water to a quarter of what it was 10 years ago .
This is devastating for the farmers who live along the banks of the river .
They can no longer grow rice because it uses too much water .
Fruit is almost all imported from Syria , Jordan and Iran .
Apples come from the US .
Many farmers are abandoning their lands and moving to the cities .
In the villages on the edge of the southern marshes snakes are leaving the dried out reed beds where they once had their dens and are attacking people and livestock .
Turkey intermittently promises to let more water through its dams , but this only happens for a few days before the sluice gates are shut again .
In the past Iraq has been able to get by through using water stored in its own reservoirs , but these are now heavily depleted .
The Mesopotamian plain , one of the birthplaces of settled agriculture and irrigation , is turning into a dustbowl .
Fortunately , Iraq no longer depends on its own agriculture to feed itself .
Instead it has become one of the world 's largest food importers .
The rationing system , at a cost of $ 6bn a year , gives Iraqis just enough cheap food to fend off starvation .
But this food is paid for by oil revenues and these have been going down at frightening speed .
A reason for this is the decline in the price of crude from $ 140 last year to less than half that today .
But more devastating to Iraq is that production from their great oilfields is falling .
These are the so - called super giants , nine oilfields with reserves over five billion barrels , which hitherto have been some of the most productive in the world .
Oilfields like Kirkuk and Bai Hassan in the north and North and South Rumaila , West Qurna and Zubair in the south , appeared an endless resource which , in the long term , would bail Iraq out of whatever trouble it was in .
But now even they are beginning to fail because of neglect , under - investment and mismanagement .
Last year this did not seem to matter so much because the price of oil was high and the government supposed it was going to stay that way .
It happily raised salaries and wages and increased the number of state employees to about two million , twice the number under Saddam Hussein .
The Oil Minister Hussein Shahristani said in an interview with the oil expert Ruba Husari last July : " Iraq is in desperate need of modern technologies , not of capital investment , to arrest the decline in those fields [ the super giants ] and introduce enhanced recovery . "
Note that at this time Shahristani , a former nuclear scientist who was imprisoned and tortured under Saddam Hussein , thought that Iraq did not need capital investment .
A year later the country is broke , has frozen government hiring , including extra police , and is negotiating a $ 5.5 bn standby loan from the IMF .
Oil production at the end of May was 2.41 million barrels , which is still less than the 2.58 million produced immediately before the 2003 war or the 3.5 million produced in 1979 .
This is the background to an immensely important change in Iraq .
On 29 and 30 June Mr Shahristani will award 20 - year - long contracts to international oil companies to work in already developed oilfields , first to restore production to what it once was , and then to increase it .
The companies will be paid in crude oil at a fixed price as a fee for extra output and will put up all the investment .
Critics within the Iraqi oil industry say that the government is selling the farm , and that it should have confined the international oil companies to oilfields which had been discovered but not developed .
The big producing fields it should have kept for itself , using the services of foreign engineering companies , consultants and contractors to raise output .
At this stage , the government does not believe it has much choice but to go ahead with the contracts being awarded at the end of June , and even then it will be three years before any new oil is produced .
Surprisingly , these epoch - making developments in the way Iraq 's oil wealth is controlled and exploited are hardly noticed abroad outside the oil industry and the specialist business press .
Yet their outcome will do much to determine how people live in Iraq over the next century and will have an impact on the energy supply of the whole world .
Iraq is currently estimated to have the third - largest oil reserves in the world , but the western and southern deserts are largely unexplored and may contain another 45 to 100 billion barrels of recoverable crude .
" According to independent consultants , " says the US Department of Energy , " the cluster of super - giant fields of south eastern Iraq forms the largest known concentration of such fields in the world and accounts for 70 to 80 per cent of the country 's proven oil reserves . "
No wonder the determination of the international oil companies to get a stake in Iraqi oil development , even if the precise terms of the present contracts are not to their liking .
Just how much oil the world possesses will be determined as they explore what deposits lie beneath the dreary deserts and salt marsh around Basra .
***
I never thought that the US and Britain invaded Iraq for its oil .
I believe that the US determined to invade Iraq in 2003 to re-assert America 's sense of being the world 's sole super power in the wake of 9/11 and that the overthrow of Saddam Hussein seemed an easy way of showing America 's political and military strength .
At the same time Iraq and the Gulf are important on the strategic map of the world almost entirely because of their oil .
Had Iraq 's main export been asparagus or dates then Washington and London would have been less interested in what happened there .
It was oil revenues which fostered the once powerful militarised state which Saddam built because without it he could not have raised and equipped the armoured divisions which invaded Iran in 1980 and Kuwait ten years later .
The ability of Iraq to recover from 30 years of disaster all depends on how much money it has to spend .
The re-stabilisation of the country over the last two years is partly the result of being able to pay for 600,000 men in the security forces and create hundreds of thousands of well paid - jobs in government .
In terms of security provided , it makes a great difference that an Iraqi private soldier is paid about $ 600 - 700 a month and his Afghan equivalent only $ 120 for doing the same job .
Everybody in Iraq wants a comfy and unsackable position in the government and not in the languishing and insecure private sector .
The hatred and fear which divides Iraqis is the understandable reaction to decades of slaughter and is too intense and recent to be overcome in less than a generation .
The exploitation and use of Iraq 's vast oil wealth is not only the best , but is perhaps the only chance , of recreating a country in which people will want to live .
Steve Ballmer is n’t a graceful man , but there ’s no disputing that he ’s passionate .
Ballmer is able to get people excited with his enthusiasm ( and sweat ) , which is part of the reason why he ’s leading the way at Microsoft right now .
In an interview with the New York Times , Ballmer was asked what the hardest part of his job is .
He replied , “ Finding the right balance between optimism and realism .
I ’m an optimist by nature , and I start from the belief that you can always succeed if you have the right amount of focus combined with the right amount of hard work . ”
“ So I can get frustrated when progress runs up against issues that should have been anticipated or that simply could n’t have been foreseen , ” he added .
“ A realist knows that a certain amount of that is inevitable , but the optimist in me always struggles when progress does n’t match my expectations . ”
Those who have seen Ballmer ’s presentations or listened to his interviews know that the man likes to talk and think fast , often throwing in bold statements .
Everyone knows that he ’s good at the talking bit , but he ’s working on becoming a better listener .
How ?
By slowing down his brain , of course .
“ My brain races too much , so even if I ’ve listened to everything somebody said , unless you show that you ’ve digested it , people do n’t think they are being well heard .
Sometimes you really do n’t hear because you ’re racing , ” the Microsoft CEO admitted .
“ It ’s just the way my brain works .
My brain is just chop , chop , chop , chop , chop . ”
Steve Ballmer has been at Microsoft for 29 years now , but what would he be doing if he had n’t met Bill Gates ?
“ Education , probably .
I like working with young people , and I think it ’s really important to encourage talent , ” said Ballmer .
“ I love basketball , so I could see myself as a high school basketball coach .
I think a basketball team that I coached would have a really good chance of being a winner . ”
Transmageddon and Arista pursue simple transcoding
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN. net .
If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it , your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive .
Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net .
Christian Schaller 's Transmageddon and Daniel Taylor 's Arista are both easy - to - use video file conversion tools for GNOME , but they share more than just a vision for simple file transcoding .
Rather than competing head - on ( or attempting a merge ) , the two developers are collaborating in the middle ; sharing information and utilizing the similar aims of their projects to strengthen the underlying GStreamer multimedia framework on which both code bases depend .
Schaller is a longtime GStreamer contributor ; he started Transmageddon in March of 2009 for several reasons .
First , as a personal exercise in developing in Python , but also as an attempt to find real - world areas of improvement for application developers using GStreamer , and to scratch a personal itch — the lack of an easy - to - use , GStreamer - based video transcoder .
Said itch also prompted Taylor to start work on Arista , as a personal project in 2008 , with its first public release in April of 2009 .
He discovered Transmageddon through Schaller 's blog , and the two began discussing how best to proceed .
A variety of motives
That two developers independently decided to write simple GUI transcoding applications should come as no surprise .
Video transcoding is increasingly in demand as more and more portable devices have the graphics hardware to support it and digital content distribution skyrockets .
Command line encoders like FFmpeg and MEncoder can perform almost any conversion , but require the user to know exactly which options to enable , and , in most cases , demand that every codec switch be specified or else they fail to produce a usable result .
That leads to obtuse ( and extremely long ) commands that are difficult to get right and even more difficult to troubleshoot .
Several graphical transcoding applications have appeared for Linux desktops in recent years —
Thoggen , OGMRip , K9Copy , AcidRip , dvd : :rip , HandBrake , and WinFF , to name a few — but as both Taylor and Schaller commented , all have their shortcomings .
Some , like Thoggen , OGMRip , and Oggconvert , are limited to specific output codecs .
Others , like dvd : :rip , attempt to offer every option under the sun , making them difficult for casual users to use .
" There are dozens of GUIs that are essentially the same confusing options with a nice graphical label .
To me that does n't really help , " Taylor observed .
" The point of Arista is not to be everything to everyone , just to be a simple way to transcode your media for various devices .
That 's it . "
In addition , many of the existing transcoders are built as stand - alone front - ends , and offer little in the way of desktop integration .
" Most of the other GUIs I 've seen directly use FFmpeg ( libavformat , libavcodec , etc ) , " said Taylor .
" I wanted to make use of GNOME technologies to make a real GNOME app , which means using GTK + , GStreamer , Gconf , GIO , etc. Arista should fit into the desktop . "
Taylor said he has a few features in mind for future releases ( such as subtitle and DVD menu support ) , but also hopes to add a D - Bus interface that will enable other applications to control Arista .
For Schaller , building a GUI transcoder is also a way to field test GStreamer .
He mentioned the possibility in a 2008 blog post , speculating that such a small - scale application could be used to " test and make sure our muxers and encoders keep working " better than a more complex tool like a video player or editor .
So far , he said , a few bugs may have been discovered , but the more important benefits are from testing GStreamer features that have not been used before — such as property presets , which allow the application to set bundles of individual encoder settings by name ( either for encoder profiles like H.264 Baseline , or to target specific hardware devices ) .
The benefits extend beyond the existing code to other applications , Schaller added :
The other thing we are doing as part of this is to try to figure out what kind of higher level encoding and transcoding API could be useful to application developers .
...
One of GStreamer 's goals is to make things as easy as possible for developers , so packaging some of the steps we take in our applications into some C helper APIs is probably a good idea .
Collaboration and divergence
After Schaller and Taylor touched base , they decided to stay in close touch and share code whenever possible , but to take their respective applications on slightly different paths .
Taylor would take the conservative , end - user - oriented approach , making sure that Arista would always run on the current release of Ubuntu .
Schaller would try to more closely track the development version of GStreamer , including reliance on GStreamer features not yet available downstream .
That way , there will always be a transcoder available for and usable by " non-techies " in Arista , and Transmageddon can serve as a test bed for new features .
The cross-project collaboration is already reaping rewards .
Schaller says that he has incorporated Arista 's existing preset support into Transmageddon , and is extending it using some bleeding - edge changes from the development version of GStreamer .
Once the Linux distributions are shipping the next update of GStreamer , the plan is to roll Transmageddon 's improved preset support back into Arista .
The projects are also helping GStreamer .
They are accumulating a collection of presets that will be valuable to other applications , have uncovered bugs in the capabilities system , and exposed that GStreamer needs a better encoder and decoder for the Adaptive Multi - Rate ( AMR ) audio format .
Schaller said he is also planning on turning his notes on the development process into a guide for others :
I have decided to try to use my experience with doing Transmageddon to write a series of tutorials for developing python applications with GStreamer .
I think applications like PiTiVi Jokosher , Arista and Transmageddon prove that you can do quite complex applications quite easily using Python , we just need some more basic tutorials to give more Python developers the entry point into GStreamer that they need to get started .
Test drive
You can download both applications and try them out to compare .
Transmageddon is available from Schaller 's web site as a source code package and as an RPM package .
The latest release is 0.9 , from May 3 , 2009 .
It does require Python and a development branch of GStreamer , though , which may place it out of reach for most users .
Arista is available for download from the project 's Launchpad site .
The most recent version is 0.9.1 , also from May 3 .
A source code package is provided , as is an ArchLinux build through the ArchLinux User- community Repository ( AUR ) , and those running Ubuntu 9.04 can add Taylor 's Personal Package Archive ( PPA ) to their Apt repositories list and install the application through the package manager .
0.9.1 also requires Python and GStreamer , but only GStreamer 0.10 , which is widely available .
Arista allows the user to select source videos in any encoding and file type readable by GStreamer ( including DVD content ) , and select an output format — including presets configured for a range of portable hardware devices .
Beyond that , there is little to the interface but a progress bar estimating the time remaining in the transcoding job and a two - frame - per - second preview window useful for monitoring the output .
Other transcoders offer far more options , but at the cost of far more complexity .
Users must often know the audio and video codecs , output width and height , frame rate or bit rate , and many other options .
Arista and Transmageddon make the job drastically simpler merely by abstracting away all of those details in device presets — the correct settings are still chosen , but the confusion and chance for human error are not .
It will be interesting to watch the projects evolve in the months ahead ; the notion of a simple to use video transcoder is appealing , but even more appealing is what can happen when that functionality is available to other desktop applications through D - Bus .
Due to some pressing issues here on the homefront , I will be running a few guest posts this week .
The following is a post by DebtKid , who writes about his journey to get out of debt , and achieve financial stability .
He runs a small software development company in Seattle and just launched a new coupon section on his blog .
There are so many terms floating around out there it is hard to pick one to describe “ the current economic crisis ”  .
Everyone is wondering how long their savings will last , how badly their portfolio has been effected or how long the recession will last .
The stress for many people comes from the feeling of not having control over critical aspects of their personal and financial matters .
If you have decided that you are tired of waiting to see how things play out you can take back control over your life and start your own business .
Before you do , you should know some of the pro’s and con’s of starting a business during a recession .
Reasons You Should Start Your Business During A Recession
Small Businesses Are Closing Their Doors–
You may wonder why this is a positive when considering starting a new business venture .
After all if those businesses are failing , how can you possibly thrive ?
The reason many small businesses are failing is due to the product or service they provide .
When the economy takes a turn for the worse everyone becomes more aware of their spending ; if you are able to provide a service or product that people actually need you will likely attract consumers looking to simplify their life at a relatively low price .
New Opportunities –
The Internet provides many new opportunities that were n’t available to entrepreneurs in the past .
While many facets of today ’s business being conducted online there are some businesses that do n’t even require a physical location .
This can greatly reduce the need for funding as your start up costs will be much lower than businesses with a brick and mortar building .
Freelance employees in several areas are currently seeing a spike in business as other companies begin outsourcing their projects .
You Are In Control–
There is no such thing as job security anymore .
Each person in a company is dispensable , that is unless you have your own company .
There are no guarantees in life and less when it comes to a start up business in a down economy .
That being said , if you have a well thought out plan and you offer a service that people need you may find the rewards of being your own boss outweigh the risk .
Reasons You Should Not Start Your Business In A Recession
Funding Is Limited–
If you do not have money tucked away to get your venture off the ground and need funding to start your business you may be out of luck .
Finding a lending institution that is willing to take the risk on a new business will be difficult if not impossible in the current economy .
See alternative funding sources for your business .
Consumers Are Not Spending Money– Businesses that are doing well in this economy are for some intents and purposes recession “ proof ”  .
This is not the case with all business and your dream company offers a service or product that wo n’t be well received in a down economy you are better off waiting until things turn around before trying to launch your business .
You Are In Control– Yes , you are correct .
This was listed as a positive however it is a catch 22 .
While being in control of your own destiny offers you the opportunity to make decisions and reap the rewards for all your hard work , you have no where to turn if you fail .
You need to seriously consider if you have what it takes to start and run your own company before starting down that path .
Have you started a business recently ?
Are you thinking of starting one ?
Why or why not ?
DETROIT -- Troubled U.S. auto - parts suppliers were dealt a new blow Thursday when Chrysler LLC said it will temporarily idle most of its manufacturing during the bankruptcy process starting Monday .
The move , which appeared to take the supply industry by surprise , intensifies pressure on parts makers already reeling from General Motors Corp .'s announcement last week that it also would idle most assembly plans this summer .
Along ...
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- President Obama will announce Monday that he has secured the commitment of several industry groups to do their part to rein in the growth in health care costs .
This pledge from the private sector could reduce the growth in health care spending by 1.5 percentage points a year , for a savings of $ 2 trillion over 10 years , a letter from the groups will promise , according to a senior administration official .
Overall , it could amount to a 20 % reduction in the growth of health care spending .
Six trade associations representing unions , hospitals , insurers and the drug industry have signed on to the commitment .
However , the savings depend in part on Congress passing health care reform this year .
And it was not clear how these savings would be accomplished .
An official pointed to possible savings from " administrative simplification , " smarter care coordination , and changing incentives so providers are rewarded for providing " better " care , as opposed to " more " care .
Hospitals are now " financially penalized for providing more efficient care by current law , " the official said .
The official also said savings could come from the bundling of payments , in which hospitals , doctors , insurers and other health care companies would work together to bill one fee for one treatment .
The Obama administration is positioning health care reform as critical for getting the deficit under control ; for freeing up resources for other initiatives , such as education ; and for reducing the burden on American families .
Under the plan to be announced Monday , in five years , the average family of four could be saving $ 2,500 in health care costs annually , the official said .
Given the failed health care reform efforts of the 1990s , the White House 's Monday press conference aims to get ahead of potential detractors .
" It is a recognition that the fictional television couple , Harry and Louise , who became the iconic faces of those who opposed health care reform in the '90s , desperately need health care reform in 2009 .
And so does America , " Obama is expected to say Monday , according to excerpts of prepared remarks .
One official described the participation of the private sector as a " game changer " in the discussion of health care reform .
" It makes it even clearer that it 's going to happen this year in Congress . "
A spokesman for AARP responded to news of Monday 's planned announcement by saying , " AARP believes the agreement of providers to slow the skyrocketing cost of health care is critical for the health reform we are all working toward .
" Reducing the skyrocketing cost of health care is the only way to create a health care system that works for all Americans ; after all , what good is access to a system that we can't afford ? " said the spokesman , AARP Director of Public Policy John Rother .
-- CNN's Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .
MIT Media Lab staff ( the Open Ended Group ) is working on a new kind of programming tool called Field .
It connects everything .
Not only various programming modules and components , but also different styles of generating , editing and testing code are provided .
For example textual coding with auto - complete , visual coding , timelines , live - coding , flow - management etc .
It is an environment for writing code to rapidly and experimentally assemble and explore algorithmic systems .
It is visual , it is hybrid , it is code - based .
We think that it has something to offer a diverse range of programmers and artists .
Based on ideas started at the MIT Media Lab , Field has been in development in - house for around 6 years but for the last year it has been quietly available online as an open source project .
I really do not know if Field will be a smart solution to manage projects efficiently .
Just because it tries to be everything at once .
Consider this , to get an idea of working with code .
About the user interface :
The editor also has a few surprises .
Graphical user elements like sliders , graphs , buttons and combo boxes can be integrated into the text editor directly as if they were text ; toolbars , menus and filters can be customized from within the environment itself ; a set of elements allows other programming languages to be embedded into the same document — including programming languages that execute inside other applications like Maya and Aftereffects ; embedded elements can be extended using code written in Field ; and version tracking information is integrated directly into the document so that you can visualize the history of the document in - place .
Nevertheless it looks like the beginning of a powerful solution for extending creative ways of coding in order to reach the next level for artists working with code .
Let ’s keep an eye on Field .
Field example – Processing Plugin overview from OpenEndedGroup on Vimeo .
[ Game designer Fisch looks into the process of making games , suggesting the ten biggest reasons why a game 's production does n't end up working out quite as hoped , and possible fixes for those issues . ]
If you look at which games succeed and fail critically , you will notice the outcome is generally not due to a great mechanic or a new idea , but from competent execution from the moment of boot - up to the end credits .
Countless games such as Spider - Man 2 , Stranglehold , and Assassin 's Creed present the player with innovative concepts but fall apart when it comes to filling up the 10 - 15 hours of gameplay .
On the other hand , you have games such as Call of Duty 4 , which brings almost nothing new to the table , but excels greatly when it comes to pacing and level structure -- keeping the player hooked throughout the entire experience .
Even games considered to be innovative -- Portal or World of Goo -- would not have had their success were it not for superb execution .
I 've worked with a number of teams that start with a very nice concept but run into problems when it comes to translating it into a compelling video game experience .
I 've noticed that certain practices tend to crop up that hamper a developer 's ability to get the most from its design team .
I 've organized these into the 10 " design process pitfalls " below .
1. Not Structuring Time For Game Playing
This first pitfall seems trivial , but can actually have a large impact on the quality and efficiency of the design process .
Ideally pre-production would include a set amount of time for everyone on the design team to play games in the genre they are about to take a shot at .
I 've never seen this happen in a structured way .
" Play time " can be hard for some producers to wrap their heads around , and the idea of scheduling a week or more of " research " for a five - person team can seem like a rather expensive play session .
Instead , designers are expected to already have a strong knowledge of what 's out there .
Unfortunately not all game designers have enough free time to play every game out there .
Generally , the older the game designer is , the less free time he 'll have .
Furthermore , the games a designer chooses to play in his free time may not line up with the games he should play for development purposes .
Many mediocre games , for example , contain interesting ideas and are valuable as learning tools .
Devoting time to playing other games in your genre can lead to a better product and save a tremendous amount of time .
I worked on a project where a designer happened to play a game in the genre we were working in and " discovered " a better player navigation system than the one we had already spent months on .
On another project , someone " discovered " a third - person cover mechanic implemented in an unpopular game that was exactly like the one we argued about including .
Weeks of debate could have been saved had we played this game and had known that the mechanic was n't as fun as it seemed on paper .
Nintendo / Retro Studios ' Metroid Prime 3 : Corruption
When the designers all have experience playing the relevant games , their ability to express ideas to one another is greatly enhanced .
One designer can say to another " We could have the lock - on system from Metroid Prime , except toggleable by pushing in the right thumb stick " .
If the other designer has played Metroid Prime , he immediately understands what the one designer is thinking .
The lock - on system does not need to be explained to him .
Not only that , but he knows how it feels in his hands - something that cannot be conveyed with words .
I once worked with a lead who deemed the Gears of War grenade throwing system too complex when explained to him on paper .
Once he finally sat down and tried it himself , he saw that it clicked and approved its inclusion .
It 's important that the lead designer himself takes part in the research along side the rest of the design team .
If the lead designer deems it " lesser important " the rest of the team is likely to follow suit .
Furthermore since the lead is usually the main decision - maker , it 's important that he is able to speak from the same lexicon as the other designers .
Implementing a period of structured game playing may require some persuasion .
A producer will be more likely to get on board if there are tangible results -- for example , each designer could be required to present notes to the lead at the end of every day .
Barack Obama 's press conference yesterday started much like his previous ones : with the 44th US president turning to field a question from the Associated Press , as is traditional .
But then , after some short comments on the situation in Iran , things in the White House briefing room took a surprising turn .
President Obama turned to Nico Pitney , a reporter for the Huffington Post website , who had another query - but this time from somebody outside the room .
" I wanted to use this opportunity to ask you a question directly from an Iranian , " Pitney said .
" We solicited questions last night from people who are courageous enough to still be communicating online . "
The enquiry – about the conditions under which the United States might accept an election result favouring Mahmoud Ahmadinejad – was fairly standard , but its source was not .
Bringing a voice from the streets of Iran and into Washington was a novel for departure for an administration that still clings to the mantra of change .
" Under which conditions would you accept the election of Ahmadinejad , and if you do accept it without any significant changes in the conditions there , is n't that a betrayal of the – of what the demonstrators there are working towards ? "
Obama 's answer ?
Well , look , we did n't have international observers on the ground .
We can't say definitively what exactly happened at polling places throughout the country .
What we know is that a sizeable percentage of the Iranian people themselves , spanning Iranian society , consider this election illegitimate .
It 's not an isolated instance - a little grumbling here or there .
There is significant questions about the legitimacy of the election .
And so ultimately the most important thing for the Iranian government to consider is legitimacy in the eyes of its own people , not in the eyes of the United States .
And that 's why I 've been very clear :
Ultimately , this is up to the Iranian people to decide who their leadership is going to be and the structure of their government .
What we can do is to say unequivocally that there are sets of international norms and principles about violence , about dealing with peaceful dissent , that spans cultures , spans borders .
And what we 've been seeing over the Internet and what we 've been seeing in news reports violates those norms and violates those principles .
I think it is not too late for the Iranian government to recognize that there is a peaceful path that will lead to stability and legitimacy and prosperity for the Iranian people .
We hope they take it .
It might not have been the answer everyone was hoping for , but it was an answer addressed directly to an Iranian ( perhaps the closest Obama has come to direct address in this diplomatic standoff ) .
That was n't the only social technology used to spread the message , though : in addition , the White House quickly made a version of Obama 's remarks on Iran – also streamed on Facebook – that had subtitles in Farsi and pushed out the message on Twitter in Farsi too , with a message reading roughly : " President Obama 's remarks in his press conference , with Farsi translation " .
While , on the surface , the seems natural for a man whose team is well - known for their manipulation and mastery of social media , something deeper was taking place here .
As an attempt to talk to several audiences at once , it was audacious .
As an exercise in opening up the stuffy clique of White House reporting , it was , as my colleague Michael Tomasky has said , " a Moment " .
Given the remarkable volume of stories surrounding the use of technology to spread news of the Iranian protests – through YouTube , Twitter , Facebook and more – it is easy to skim over Obama 's choices here and see them as humdrum .
The move , however , marks a huge change on a number of fronts – not least of which is the use of communications technology to break down of yet more barriers between the Oval Office and the public .
It is also an unprecedented chance for citizens of a country halfway around the world to ask questions of the leader of the most powerful country in the world in one of the most tightly - monitored , carefully monitored situations imaginable .
That is something that would have been beyond the ken of most politicos just a few years ago , but now appears so normal in our lives as to seem obvious .
Even if it was staged ( which it appears not have been , despite the complaints of the press corps ) it sends a message .
And whether or not centres of power are actually being democratised - or simply shifting from one place to another – is something we cannot truly know .
But , hot on the heels of a statement by Gordon Brown - who told the Guardian last week that the internet had " changed foreign policy forever " – it 's clear that the old boy 's club may be opening up … just a little .
No subject in psychology has provoked more intense public controversy than the study of human intelligence .
From its beginning , research on how and why people differ in overall mental ability has fallen prey to political and social agendas that obscure or distort even the most well - established scientific findings .
Journalists , too , often present a view of intelligence research that is exactly the opposite of what most intelligence experts believe .
For these and other reasons , public understanding of intelligence falls far short of public concern about it .
The IQ experts discussing their work in the public arena can feel as though they have fallen down the rabbit hole into Alice 's Wonderland .
The debate over intelligence and intelligence testing focuses on the question of whether it is useful or meaningful to evaluate people according to a single major dimension of cognitive competence .
Is there indeed a general mental ability we commonly call " intelligence , " and is it important in the practical affairs of life ?
The answer , based on decades of intelligence research , is an unequivocal yes .
No matter their form or content , tests of mental skills invariably point to the existence of a global factor that permeates all aspects of cognition .
And this factor seems to have considerable influence on a person 's practical quality of life .
Intelligence as measured by IQ tests is the single most effective predictor known of individual performance at school and on the job .
It also predicts many other aspects of well - being , including a person 's chances of divorcing , dropping out of high school , being unemployed or having illegitimate children [ see illustration ] .
By now the vast majority of intelligence researchers take these findings for granted .
Yet in the press and in public debate , the facts are typically dismissed , downplayed or ignored .
This misrepresentation reflects a clash between a deeply felt ideal and a stubborn reality .
The ideal , implicit in many popular critiques of intelligence research , is that all people are born equally able and that social inequality results only from the exercise of unjust privilege .
The reality is that Mother Nature is no egalitarian .
People are in fact unequal in intellectual potential -- and they are born that way , just as they are born with different potentials for height , physical attractiveness , artistic flair , athletic prowess and other traits .
Although subsequent experience shapes this potential , no amount of social engineering can make individuals with widely divergent mental aptitudes into intellectual equals .
Of course , there are many kinds of talent , many kinds of mental ability and many other aspects of personality and character that influence a person 's chances of happiness and success .
The functional importance of general mental ability in everyday life , however , means that without onerous restrictions on individual liberty , differences in mental competence are likely to result in social inequality .
This gulf between equal opportunity and equal outcomes is perhaps what pains Americans most about the subject of intelligence .
The public intuitively knows what is at stake : when asked to rank personal qualities in order of desirability , people put intelligence second only to good health .
But with a more realistic approach to the intellectual differences between people , society could better accommodate these differences and minimize the inequalities they create .
Extracting g Early in the century - old study of intelligence , researchers discovered that all tests of mental ability ranked individuals in about the same way .
Although mental tests are often designed to measure specific domains of cognition -- verbal fluency , say , or mathematical skill , spatial visualization or memory -- people who do well on one kind of test tend to do well on the others , and people who do poorly generally do so across the board .
This overlap , or intercorrelation , suggests that all such tests measure some global element of intellectual ability as well as specific cognitive skills .
In recent decades , psychologists have devoted much effort to isolating that general factor , which is abbreviated g , from the other aspects of cognitive ability gauged in mental tests .
The statistical extraction of g is performed by a technique called factor analysis .
Introduced at the turn of the century by British psychologist Charles Spearman , factor analysis determines the minimum number of underlying dimensions necessary to explain a pattern of correlations among measurements .
A general factor suffusing all tests is not , as is sometimes argued , a necessary outcome of factor analysis .
No general factor has been found in the analysis of personality tests , for example ; instead the method usually yields at least five dimensions ( neuroticism , extraversion , conscientiousness , agreeableness and openness to ideas ) , each relating to different subsets of tests .
But , as Spearman observed , a general factor does emerge from analysis of mental ability tests , and leading psychologists , such as Arthur R. Jensen of the University of California at Berkeley and John B. Carroll of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , have confirmed his findings in the decades since .
Partly because of this research , most intelligence experts now use g as the working definition of intelligence .
The general factor explains most differences among individuals in performance on diverse mental tests .
This is true regardless of what specific ability a test is meant to assess , regardless of the test 's manifest content ( whether words , numbers or figures ) and regardless of the way the test is administered ( in written or oral form , to an individual or to a group ) .
Tests of specific mental abilities do measure those abilities , but they all reflect g to varying degrees as well .
Hence , the g factor can be extracted from scores on any diverse battery of tests .
Conversely , because every mental test is " contaminated " by the effects of specific mental skills , no single test measures only g .
Even the scores from IQ tests -- which usually combine about a dozen subtests of specific cognitive skills -- contain some " impurities " that reflect those narrower skills .
For most purposes , these impurities make no practical difference , and g and IQ can be used interchangeably .
But if they need to , intelligence researchers can statistically separate the g component of IQ .
The ability to isolate g has revolutionized research on general intelligence , because it has allowed investigators to show that the predictive value of mental tests derives almost entirely from this global factor rather than from the more specific aptitudes measured by intelligence tests .
In addition to quantifying individual differences , tests of mental abilities have also offered insight into the meaning of intelligence in everyday life .
Some tests and test items are known to correlate better with g than others do .
In these items the " active ingredient " that demands the exercise of g seems to be complexity .
More complex tasks require more mental manipulation , and this manipulation of information -- discerning similarities and inconsistencies , drawing inferences , grasping new concepts and so on -- constitutes intelligence in action .
Indeed , intelligence can best be described as the ability to deal with cognitive complexity .
This description coincides well with lay perceptions of intelligence .
The g factor is especially important in just the kind of behaviors that people usually associate with " smarts " : reasoning , problem solving , abstract thinking , quick learning .
And whereas g itself describes mental aptitude rather than accumulated knowledge , a person 's store of knowledge tends to correspond with his or her g level , probably because that accumulation represents a previous adeptness in learning and in understanding new information .
The g factor is also the one attribute that best distinguishes among persons considered gifted , average or retarded .
Several decades of factor - analytic research on mental tests have confirmed a hierarchical model of mental abilities .
The evidence , summarized most effectively in Carroll 's 1993 book , Human Cognitive Abilities , puts g at the apex in this model , with more specific aptitudes arrayed at successively lower levels : the so - called group factors , such as verbal ability , mathematical reasoning , spatial visualization and memory , are just below g , and below these are skills that are more dependent on knowledge or experience , such as the principles and practices of a particular job or profession .
Some researchers use the term " multiple intelligences " to label these sets of narrow capabilities and achievements .
Psychologist Howard Gardner of Harvard University , for example , has postulated that eight relatively autonomous " intelligences " are exhibited in different domains of achievement .
He does not dispute the existence of g but treats it as a specific factor relevant chiefly to academic achievement and to situations that resemble those of school .
Gardner does not believe that tests can fruitfully measure his proposed intelligences ; without tests , no one can at present determine whether the intelligences are indeed independent of g ( or each other ) .
Furthermore , it is not clear to what extent Gardner 's intelligences tap personality traits or motor skills rather than mental aptitudes .
Other forms of intelligence have been proposed ; among them , emotional intelligence and practical intelligence are perhaps the best known .
They are probably amalgams either of intellect and personality or of intellect and informal experience in specific job or life settings , respectively .
Practical intelligence like " street smarts , " for example , seems to consist of the localized knowledge and know - how developed with untutored experience in particular everyday settings and activities -- the so - called school of hard knocks .
In contrast , general intelligence is not a form of achievement , whether local or renowned .
Instead the g factor regulates the rate of learning : it greatly affects the rate of return in knowledge to instruction and experience but cannot substitute for either .
The Biology of g Some critics of intelligence research maintain that the notion of general intelligence is illusory : that no such global mental capacity exists and that apparent " intelligence " is really just a by - product of one 's opportunities to learn skills and information valued in a particular cultural context .
True , the concept of intelligence and the way in which individuals are ranked according to this criterion could be social artifacts .
But the fact that g is not specific to any particular domain of knowledge or mental skill suggests that g is independent of cultural content , including beliefs about what intelligence is .
And tests of different social groups reveal the same continuum of general intelligence .
This observation suggests either that cultures do not construct g or that they construct the same g.
Both conclusions undercut the social artifact theory of intelligence .
Moreover , research on the physiology and genetics of g has uncovered biological correlates of this psychological phenomenon .
In the past decade , studies by teams of researchers in North America and Europe have linked several attributes of the brain to general intelligence .
After taking into account gender and physical stature , brain size as determined by magnetic resonance imaging is moderately correlated with IQ ( about 0.4 on a scale of 0 to 1 ) .
So is the speed of nerve conduction .
The brains of bright people also use less energy during problem solving than do those of their less able peers .
And various qualities of brain waves correlate strongly ( about 0.5 to 0.7 ) with IQ : the brain waves of individuals with higher IQs , for example , respond more promptly and consistently to simple sensory stimuli such as audible clicks .
These observations have led some investigators to posit that differences in g result from differences in the speed and efficiency of neural processing .
If this theory is true , environmental conditions could influence g by modifying brain physiology in some manner .
Studies of so - called elementary cognitive tasks ( ECTs ) , conducted by Jensen and others , are bridging the gap between the psychological and the physiological aspects of g .
These mental tasks have no obvious intellectual content and are so simple that adults and most children can do them accurately in less than a second .
In the most basic reaction - time tests , for example , the subject must react when a light goes on by lifting her index finger off a home button and immediately depressing a response button .
Two measurements are taken : the number of milliseconds between the illumination of the light and the subject 's release of the home button , which is called decision time , and the number of milliseconds between the subject 's release of the home button and pressing of the response button , which is called movement time .
In this task , movement time seems independent of intelligence , but the decision times of higher - IQ subjects are slightly faster than those of people with lower IQs .
As the tasks are made more complex , correlations between average decision times and IQ increase .
These results further support the notion that intelligence equips individuals to deal with complexity and that its influence is greater in complex tasks than in simple ones .
The ECT - IQ correlations are comparable for all IQ levels , ages , genders and racial - ethnic groups tested .
Moreover , studies by Philip A. Vernon of the University of Western Ontario and others have shown that the ECT - IQ overlap results almost entirely from the common g factor in both measures .
Reaction times do not reflect differences in motivation or strategy or the tendency of some individuals to rush through tests and daily tasks -- that penchant is a personality trait .
They actually seem to measure the speed with which the brain apprehends , integrates and evaluates information .
Research on ECTs and brain physiology has not yet identified the biological determinants of this processing speed .
These studies do suggest , however , that g is as reliable and global a phenomenon at the neural level as it is at the level of the complex information processing required by IQ tests and everyday life .
The existence of biological correlates of intelligence does not necessarily mean that intelligence is dictated by genes .
Decades of genetics research have shown , however , that people are born with different hereditary potentials for intelligence and that these genetic endowments are responsible for much of the variation in mental ability among individuals .
Last spring an international team of scientists headed by Robert Plomin of the Institute of Psychiatry in London announced the discovery of the first gene linked to intelligence .
Of course , genes have their effects only in interaction with environments , partly by enhancing an individual 's exposure or sensitivity to formative experiences .
Differences in general intelligence , whether measured as IQ or , more accurately , as g are both genetic and environmental in origin -- just as are all other psychological traits and attitudes studied so far , including personality , vocational interests and societal attitudes .
This is old news among the experts .
The experts have , however , been startled by more recent discoveries .
One is that the heritability of IQ rises with age -- that is to say , the extent to which genetics accounts for differences in IQ among individuals increases as people get older .
Studies comparing identical and fraternal twins , published in the past decade by a group led by Thomas J. Bouchard , Jr. , of the University of Minnesota and other scholars , show that about 40 percent of IQ differences among preschoolers stems from genetic differences but that heritability rises to 60 percent by adolescence and to 80 percent by late adulthood .
With age , differences among individuals in their developed intelligence come to mirror more closely their genetic differences .
It appears that the effects of environment on intelligence fade rather than grow with time .
In hindsight , perhaps this should have come as no surprise .
Young children have the circumstances of their lives imposed on them by parents , schools and other agents of society , but as people get older they become more independent and tend to seek out the life niches that are most congenial to their genetic proclivities .
A second big surprise for intelligence experts was the discovery that environments shared by siblings have little to do with IQ .
Many people still mistakenly believe that social , psychological and economic differences among families create lasting and marked differences in IQ .
Behavioral geneticists refer to such environmental effects as " shared " because they are common to siblings who grow up together .
Research has shown that although shared environments do have a modest influence on IQ in childhood , their effects dissipate by adolescence .
The IQs of adopted children , for example , lose all resemblance to those of their adoptive family members and become more like the IQs of the biological parents they have never known .
Such findings suggest that siblings either do not share influential aspects of the rearing environment or do not experience them in the same way .
Much behavioral genetics research currently focuses on the still mysterious processes by which environments make members of a household less alike .
g on the Job Although the evidence of genetic and physiological correlates of g argues powerfully for the existence of global intelligence , it has not quelled the critics of intelligence testing .
These skeptics argue that even if such a global entity exists , it has no intrinsic functional value and becomes important only to the extent that people treat it as such : for example , by using IQ scores to sort , label and assign students and employees .
Such concerns over the proper use of mental tests have prompted a great deal of research in recent decades .
This research shows that although IQ tests can indeed be misused , they measure a capability that does in fact affect many kinds of performance and many life outcomes , independent of the tests ' interpretations or applications .
Moreover , the research shows that intelligence tests measure the capability equally well for all native - born English - speaking groups in the U.S.
If we consider that intelligence manifests itself in everyday life as the ability to deal with complexity , then it is easy to see why it has great functional or practical importance .
Children , for example , are regularly exposed to complex tasks once they begin school .
Schooling requires above all that students learn , solve problems and think abstractly .
That IQ is quite a good predictor of differences in educational achievement is therefore not surprising .
When scores on both IQ and standardized achievement tests in different subjects are averaged over several years , the two averages correlate as highly as different IQ tests from the same individual do .
High - ability students also master material at many times the rate of their low - ability peers .
Many investigations have helped quantify this discrepancy .
For example , a 1969 study done for the U.S. Army by the Human Resources Research Office found that enlistees in the bottom fifth of the ability distribution required two to six times as many teaching trials and prompts as did their higher - ability peers to attain minimal proficiency in rifle assembly , monitoring signals , combat plotting and other basic military tasks .
Similarly , in school settings the ratio of learning rates between " fast " and " slow " students is typically five to one .
The scholarly content of many IQ tests and their strong correlations with educational success can give the impression that g is only a narrow academic ability .
But general mental ability also predicts job performance , and in more complex jobs it does so better than any other single personal trait , including education and experience .
The army 's Project A , a seven - year study conducted in the 1980s to improve the recruitment and training process , found that general mental ability correlated strongly with both technical proficiency and soldiering in the nine specialties studied , among them infantry , military police and medical specialist .
Research in the civilian sector has revealed the same pattern .
Furthermore , although the addition of personality traits such as conscientiousness can help hone the prediction of job performance , the inclusion of specific mental aptitudes such as verbal fluency or mathematical skill rarely does .
The predictive value of mental tests in the work arena stems almost entirely from their measurement of g , and that value rises with the complexity and prestige level of the job .
Half a century of military and civilian research has converged to draw a portrait of occupational opportunity along the IQ continuum .
Individuals in the top 5 percent of the adult IQ distribution ( above IQ 125 ) can essentially train themselves , and few occupations are beyond their reach mentally .
Persons of average IQ ( between 90 and 110 ) are not competitive for most professional and executive - level work but are easily trained for the bulk of jobs in the American economy .
In contrast , adults in the bottom 5 percent of the IQ distribution ( below 75 ) are very difficult to train and are not competitive for any occupation on the basis of ability .
Serious problems in training low - IQ military recruits during World War II led Congress to ban enlistment from the lowest 10 percent ( below 80 ) of the population , and no civilian occupation in modern economies routinely recruits its workers from that range .
Current military enlistment standards exclude any individual whose IQ is below about 85 .
The importance of g in job performance , as in schooling , is related to complexity .
Occupations differ considerably in the complexity of their demands , and as that complexity rises , higher g levels become a bigger asset and lower g levels a bigger handicap .
Similarly , everyday tasks and environments also differ significantly in their cognitive complexity .
The degree to which a person 's g level will come to bear on daily life depends on how much novelty and ambiguity that person 's everyday tasks and surroundings present and how much continual learning , judgment and decision making they require .
As gamblers , employers and bankers know , even marginal differences in rates of return will yield big gains -- or losses - - over time .
Hence , even small differences in g among people can exert large , cumulative influences across social and economic life .
In my own work , I have tried to synthesize the many lines of research that document the influence of IQ on life outcomes .
As the illustration shows , the odds of various kinds of achievement and social pathology change systematically across the IQ continuum , from borderline mentally retarded ( below 70 ) to intellectually gifted ( above 130 ) .
Even in comparisons of those of somewhat below average ( between 76 and 90 ) and somewhat above average ( between 111 and 125 ) IQs , the odds for outcomes having social consequence are stacked against the less able .
Young men somewhat below average in general mental ability , for example , are more likely to be unemployed than men somewhat above average .
The lower - IQ woman is four times more likely to bear illegitimate children than the higher - IQ woman ; among mothers , she is eight times more likely to become a chronic welfare recipient .
People somewhat below average are 88 times more likely to drop out of high school , seven times more likely to be jailed and five times more likely as adults to live in poverty than people of somewhat above - average IQ .
Below - average individuals are 50 percent more likely to be divorced than those in the above - average category .
These odds diverge even more sharply for people with bigger gaps in IQ , and the mechanisms by which IQ creates this divergence are not yet clearly understood .
But no other single trait or circumstance yet studied is so deeply implicated in the nexus of bad social outcomes -- poverty , welfare , illegitimacy and educational failure -- that entraps many low - IQ individuals and families .
Even the effects of family background pale in comparison with the influence of IQ .
As shown most recently by Charles Murray of the American Enterprise Institute in Washington , D.C. , the divergence in many outcomes associated with IQ level is almost as wide among siblings from the same household as it is for strangers of comparable IQ levels .
And siblings differ a lot in IQ - - on average , by 12 points , compared with 17 for random strangers .
An IQ of 75 is perhaps the most important threshold in modern life .
At that level , a person 's chances of mastering the elementary school curriculum are only 50 - 50 , and he or she will have a hard time functioning independently without considerable social support .
Individuals and families who are only somewhat below average in IQ face risks of social pathology that , while lower , are still significant enough to jeopardize their well - being .
High - IQ individuals may lack the resolve , character or good fortune to capitalize on their intellectual capabilities , but socioeconomic success in the postindustrial information age is theirs to lose .
What Is versus What Could Be
The foregoing findings on g's effects have been drawn from studies conducted under a limited range of circumstances -- namely , the social , economic and political conditions prevailing now and in recent decades in developed countries that allow considerable personal freedom .
It is not clear whether these findings apply to populations around the world , to the extremely advantaged and disadvantaged in the developing world or , for that matter , to people living under restrictive political regimes .
No one knows what research under different circumstances , in different eras or with different populations might reveal .
But we do know that , wherever freedom and technology advance , life is an uphill battle for people who are below average in proficiency at learning , solving problems and mastering complexity .
We also know that the trajectories of mental development are not easily deflected .
Individual IQ levels tend to remain unchanged from adolescence onward , and despite strenuous efforts over the past half a century , attempts to raise g permanently through adoption or educational means have failed .
If there is a reliable , ethical way to raise or equalize levels of g , no one has found it .
Some investigators have suggested that biological interventions , such as dietary supplements of vitamins , may be more effective than educational ones in raising g levels .
This approach is based in part on the assumption that improved nutrition has caused the puzzling rise in average levels of both IQ and height in the developed world during this century .
Scientists are still hotly debating whether the gains in IQ actually reflect a rise in g or are caused instead by changes in less critical , specific mental skills .
Whatever the truth may be , the differences in mental ability among individuals remain , and the conflict between equal opportunity and equal outcome persists .
Only by accepting these hard truths about intelligence will society find humane solutions to the problems posed by the variations in general mental ability .
IQ Tests on the WWW : Web Directory Intelligence and Personality Assessment : A Study Guide by Jon Potter IQ : A Structure for Understanding by Timothy Bates , Macquarie University Sydney Great Ideas in Personality -- Intelligence by G. Scott Acton , Northwestern University Intelligence and IQ : Book reviews , commentaries and links to other Net resources .
The Author LINDA S. GOTTFREDSON is professor of educational studies at the University of Delaware , where she has been since 1986 , and co-directs the Delaware - Johns Hopkins Project for the Study of Intelligence and Society .
She trained as a sociologist , and her earliest work focused on career development .
" I was n't interested in intelligence per se , " Gottfredson says .
" But it suffused everything I was studying in my attempts to understand who was getting ahead . "
This " discovery of the obvious , " as she puts it , became the focus of her research .
In the mid-1980s , while at Johns Hopkins University , she published several influential articles describing how intelligence shapes vocational choice and self - perception .
Gottfredson also organized the 1994 treatise " Mainstream Science on Intelligence , " an editorial with more than 50 signatories that first appeared in the Wall Street Journal in response to the controversy surrounding publication of The Bell Curve .
Gottfredson is the mother of identical twins - - a " mere coincidence , " she says , " that 's always made me think more about the nature and nurture of intelligence . "
The girls , now 16 , follow Gottfredson 's Peace Corps experience of the 1970s by joining her each summer for volunteer construction work in the villages of Nicaragua .
Answers to Sample IQ Items : 1 . A ; 2 . D ; 3 . 10 , 12 ; 4 . 3 , 6 ; 5 . 3 , 7 ; 6 . 5 , 25 ; 7 . B ; 8 . D
Israel ’s own diplomats view his arrival as their chief with circumspection , especially because his predecessor , Tzipi Livni , was admired by her colleagues in Europe .
Whenever she went to Paris , for example , she saw not only the foreign minister but also President Nicolas Sarkozy .
So far , Mr. Sarkozy has not agreed to see Mr. Lieberman this week .
Image Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , at a cabinet meeting on Sunday in Jerusalem , is skeptical of trading land for peace .
Credit ... Uriel Sinai / Getty Images
“ I tell people who worry about Lieberman that I worry too , ” a senior Israeli diplomat said , requesting anonymity to speak freely of his boss .
“ But after I stop worrying I tell myself , you have to be fair , you have to give this guy a chance to express himself as the foreign minister of Israel , not just as a candidate . ”
Yigal Palmor , a Foreign Ministry spokesman , said that Mr. Lieberman had been scheduled to meet with all 27 European Union foreign ministers this month at a summit meeting , but that Mr. Lieberman had asked for a delay so the government could come up with its policy guidelines .
The European Union agreed .
It seems likely that the plan that Mr. Netanyahu will present to Mr. Obama will have a strong regional component in an attempt to fend off pressure on Israel to accept the Arab League peace plan , which calls on Israel to return to the 1967 borders as well as to accept a right of return for Palestinian refugees to Israel .
The new Israeli government completely rejects both .
Mr. Lieberman is one of the strongest advocates for rethinking Israel ’s approach and rejecting what he views as failed past formulas .
He wants tough sanctions against Iran as the first step .
He told The Jerusalem Post in an interview published last week that the aim of the policy review was to make progress on Palestinian economic and political developments and “ to take the initiative ” in the region .
“ People try to simplify the situation with these formulas : land for peace , two - state solution , ” Mr. Lieberman told the newspaper .
“ It ’s a lot more complicated . ”
He added that the real reason for the deadlock “ is not occupation , not settlements and not settlers . ”
Nor , he said , is it the Palestinians .
The biggest obstacle , he said , is “ the Iranians . ”
He , like the entire Israeli leadership , argues that since Iran sponsors Hezbollah in southern Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza , both of which reject Israel ’s existence and seek its destruction , the key to the Palestinian solution is to defang Iran and stop it from acquiring the means to build a nuclear weapon .
Writing Java Hello World for Google app engine
After hearing the buzz about java support in Google App Engine I decided to write a hello , world application and run it on Google App Engine .
Add Google plugin for Eclipse
The first step is to add the Google plugin in eclipse using Help menu > Software Updates … >
Add site >.
The site url is :
http://dl.google.com/eclipse/plugin/3.4
Restart eclipse after adding the plugin .
Create new project in eclipse
Create a new Web Application Project using File > New > Web Application Project
Specify your project name and package name .
To keep the application simple , uncheck ‘ use GWT ’ and check ‘ Use app engine ’ , then click ‘ Finish ’
This generates a working web application .
The project structure looks like this :
Run your web application locally
Right click on your application and click on Run as… > Web Application .
This launches your web application locally on port 8080 .
You can access your application by typing the URL :
http://localhost:8080/hellogoogleapp
…. and your app says “ Hello , World ” !!
Create a Google App Engine account
Before you can deploy you hello world application to google app engine , you need to create an account on google app engine .
http://appengine.google.com/
You can sign in with your existing google account .
When you try creating your first application you must verify Your Account by SMS .
Simply enter your mobile phone number and type the code that you get in the SMS .
Select a unique application id in Google App Engine
Application id , like login name must be a unique name .
You need to select a unique application id before proceeding .
After selection the application id , http://< your application id>.appspot.com is reserved for your application .
Configure your eclipse application to use this application id
Right click on your eclipse project >
Google >
App engine settings .
Enter your application id .
Alternatively you can directly modify your appengine - web.xml file to add your application id .
< application>hellogoogapp</application >
Deploy your app to App Engine
Right click on your project >
Google >
Deploy to app engine .
You will be prompted for your user name and password .
This is your google account information .
The above step should deploy your application to Google app engine .
At the time of writing this feature is available to only the first 10000 users .
If you are not one of the first 10,000 you will get the following message on the console .
java.io.IOException : Error posting to URL : http://appengine.google.com/api/appversion/...
400 Bad Request Invalid runtime specified .
Unable to upload app : Error posting to URL : http://appengine.google.com/api/appversion/...
400 Bad Request Invalid runtime specified .
If you do n’t have access to the java version yet , you can apply for permission here .
After applying you should receive an email from google , it may take upto 1 or 2 days to get the email .
The email looks like this :
Try deploying the application again now .
This time the deployment should be successful .
You should see the following output on the console :
Creating staging directory Scanning for jsp files .
Scanning files on local disk .
Initiating update .
Cloning 1 static files .
Cloning 13 application files .
Uploading 5 files .
Uploaded 1 files .
Uploaded 2 files .
Uploaded 3 files .
Uploaded 4 files .
Uploaded 5 files .
Deploying new version .
Will check again in 1 seconds Closing update : new version is ready to start serving .
Uploading index definitions .
Deployment completed successfully
Access your live application on google app engine
Login to google app engine .
You should see you application on the application overview page .
You should see version 1 of your newly deployed app .
Click on this link .
This link should be your http://<applicationid>.appspot.com , for example http://hellogoogapp.appspot.com/.
Your application page shows you a list of all available servlets .
Go ahead and click on the hello world servlet .
…. And finally , your google app says “ Hello , world ” .
Here is the link to the app that I created : http://hellogoogapp.appspot.com/hellogoogleapp
References
Related posts :
In a nondescript manufacturing plant on a quiet San Fernando cul - de- sac , a khaki - green machine the size of a buffet table sucks in bright pink ribbon and spits out one of the hottest features in theme parks .
Here , Precision Dynamics Corp. , a company that began making plastic hospital wristbands out of a Burbank garage more than 50 years ago , has become the nation ’s top producer of a new microchip - enhanced wristband for amusement parks , concerts , resorts and gyms .
The wristbands use the same technology as electronic tollbooths , security key cards and the newest U.S. passports .
But at Precision Dynamics , this sophisticated electronic know - how has found its niche at theme parks , where the high - tech wristbands act as high - security admission passes , cashless debit cards , hotel room keys and a form of identification to reunite lost children with parents .
In the last year alone , Precision Dynamics ’ wristbands came on line at Great Wolf Resorts ’ newest water park in Concord , N.C. ; at the Schlitterbahn Water Park in Galveston , Texas ; and at Water World , one of the nation ’s largest water parks , near Denver , Colo .
In total , more than 50 theme parks across the country strap the wristbands on visitors .
Advertisement
Company leaders envision a future when they can expand the technology for use in border security and hospital identification , among other purposes .
“ All sorts of things can be done with this technology , ” said Walter Mosher Jr. , a founder of the privately held company and a member of the board of directors .
Precision Dynamics began in 1956 when a friend who worked in hospital supplies suggested that Mosher , a UCLA engineering student , design a better wristband to identify patients at hospitals .
At the time , hospitals made wristbands from plastic tubes , using separate tools to cut and fasten the bands on patients .
For infants , hospital workers strung together lettered beads that spelled the babies ’ names .
At the machine shop at Burbank High School , Mosher and two partners devised a one - piece plastic wristband that required no tools to fasten .
The business that began with only $ 2,000 in start - up money has since expanded to 680 employees , a handful of trademark patents and offices in Belgium , Japan , Italy , Mexico and Brazil .
Advertisement
In 2006 , Mosher sued Precision Dynamics in a dispute over the election of board members .
But the dispute was settled out of court last year with a deal that keeps Mosher as a shareholder and a member of the board .
The idea of using radio frequency identification , or RFID , technology in wristbands came to Mosher about 10 years ago when he learned that microchips were being implanted in dogs and cats to identify them in shelters and veterinary clinics .
A short time later , company Vice President Robin Barber moved ahead with the idea after meeting with managers from Great Wolf Resorts , who wanted to let guests buy food and drinks at the water parks without carrying a wallet or cash .
The result was a patented wristband containing a tiny antenna and a microchip only slightly bigger than a postage stamp .
Each microchip is programmed with a unique 16 - character code .
A separate device known as a reader emits a low - power radio wave that activates the chip to collect the information and upload it into a computer .
The reader must come within a few inches of the wristband to connect to the chip .
Thus the wristband acts as a key to access a computerized debit account or unlock an electronic hotel room or a clothes locker .
Advertisement
The microchip wristbands now account for about $ 3 million in annual sales for Precision Dynamics , representing only a fraction of the company ’s more than $ 100 million in annual sales , according to company executives .
The bulk of the company ’s business comes from the sales of wristbands that employ simpler bar - code technology to identify hospital patients , among other uses , and plain plastic wristbands with colors that tell security officers at theme parks and concerts who has paid for admission .
At theme parks , parents can use a kiosk to upload amounts that their children can spend , using the wristbands to buy food or play video games at the park .
The microchips are coded so that the wristbands can be used only on a specific day .
Once a hotel guest or theme park visitor departs , the wristbands becomes obsolete .
Because cashless spending is more convenient , industry reports suggest that visitors who use the wristbands spend as much as 25 % more at resorts and parks .
“ Our guests appreciate the convenience of it all , ” said Jennifer Beranek , a spokeswoman for Great Wolf Resorts .
Precision Dynamics wristbands are used at seven of its 12 water parks nationwide .
Advertisement
But price remains a barrier for the technology .
Simple wristbands that use bar - code technology , for example , sell for as little as 14 cents each ; the RFID wristbands sell for about $ 1 each .
An RFID reader sells for about $ 450 , roughly twice the cost of a bar - code reader .
Perhaps the biggest hurdles facing the widespread use of the microchip wristbands are the added costs and the persistent fear that personal information could fall into the wrong hands .
Katherine Albrecht , a personal privacy advocate and a leading critic of RFID technology , has called the microchips used in such wristbands “ spy chips ” because she fears they will be used to track people ’s movements .
But Precision Dynamics notes that the wristbands cannot be read unless they come within inches of a reader .
Mark Roberti , editor of the RFID Journal , an online and print periodical on the technology , said such fears are unfounded because the wristbands typically hold no personal information .
Once the world ’s business leaders realize the wristbands are safe and effective , he believes , the technology will be widely used .
Advertisement
“ Businesspeople have a bit of a herd mentality , ” he said .
“ This technology is very convenient , and it will continue to take off . ”
Paul Chang , IBM Corp .'s business strategy leader for emerging technology , agreed , saying RFID technology is already in wide use in Europe and Asia .
But he said the U.S. is still playing catch - up .
He noted that tickets issued at the Beijing Olympics were embedded with an RFID chip to stifle counterfeiters .
“ Other parts of the world have already adopted this technology , ” he said .
Barber , Precision Dynamics ’ vice president , believes the future of the wristbands is in healthcare .
The microchips can be programmed to hold a patient ’s blood type , medical history , drug allergy information and other data to reduce mistakes and confusion .
Advertisement
Unfortunately , too many hospitals today employ a variety of computer systems , many of which cannot communicate with one another , he said .
That , however , is not a problem at theme parks , he said .
“ The systems at theme parks are much simpler . ”
--
hugo.martin@latimes.com
The economic downturn has forced lots of companies to make cuts and discontinue some retirement benefits , but Molson may have gone too far .
Current retirees will see their monthly allotment of free beer drop from six dozen a month to zero over the next five years .
Molson says providing the 2,400 retirees with proof that God loves them costs the company about C$ 1 million ( $ 900,000 ) a year .
" There was no consultation , we just received a letter that this is a done deal , which is totally unfair , " said Bill Bavis , who retired six years ago after 32 years .
Interesting FACT
Talibans in Afghanistan and Pakistan : friends or foes ?
Added by ArmanGhertu on Apr 23 , 2009 | Visited by 6933 | Voted by 54 persons
CNN , BBC and other major news agencies are reporting about the growing tensions in Northern regions of Pakistan .
Scary comments about threat of overthrowing the Pakistani Government , about getting access to nuclear arsenals , about uncontrolled spiraling chaos are overwhelming .
But is that really so ?
Any phenomena in this world is a result of a sequence of events , quite often not seen to the unprepared mass audience , which is easy to indoctrinate when necessary .
Whereas any action of Taliban scale requires three essential things : a purpose , arms , and lots of money .
Putting aside details , the major sequence of events is as follows .
First , Talibans appeared as an anti-Soviet resistance in Afghanistan , being prepared and trained in the Western Pakistan regions with a generous financial and military assistance of the CIA and other US Western allies .
This was a righteous war and in the end Talibans won and came to control whole Afghanistan .
They have installed quite a strict islamist administration with highly questionable social rules ( for example , for women ) .
But finally peace and order have come to Afghanistan , which might have been a good basis for the country 's restoration after 20 years of devastating wars .
And , yes , one more thing : Talibans during their few years in power in Afghanistan basically eradicated the production of narcotics , for the " fighting " with which billions of dollars are spent .
Osama bin Laden did n't report very much to Talibans , as Talibans were mostly a regional social and ideologic structure , whereas Osama 's Al - Quaida had a global outreach .
But after 9/11 US have rapidly removed the Talibans from power as punishment for hiding Osama .
The outcome of this removal is twofold : in a matter of a year Afghanistan has become again the world leader of poppy seeds production and exports of drugs , and Talibans have reorganized themselves and started operations in Pakistan , which earlier served only as training and recreation basis .
Was n't that foreseen , with all the intelligence and brain power behind ?
Highly doubtful .
Otherwise , one may start thinking that destabilization in this region through Talibs serves someone 's real intentions .
On the other side , Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf , a charismatic , intelligent , strong military general , well respected by the Pakistani Army , was the only serious opposition to Talibans .
Frankly , I was quite surprised when he was forced to resign .
Like again , no one was realizing what 's going on , and what it all might lead to ?
When such a strong person left and instead of him a big and weak unknown , " widower of Benazir Bhutto " , has been elected , it became clear already then that something really bad is cooking .
Which now starts to finally taking its shapes .
Talibs and fundamentalists negotiated a " deal " with Islamabad to allow them to impose Sharia in the region of Swat in exchange for giving up the armaments .
Who negotiated such a deal in a sovereign state and was it legal and constitutional - remains an open question ?
But the Talibs have not disarmed and are successfully marching towards the capital .
And guess what , in spite of the news that the Army is sent to the conflicting area , I bet that it all be in vain , and very soon the Taliban will control Islamabad , or ....
Or the third force will intervene !
For the sake of preserving order in a country , which possesses nuclear arms !
What is the purpose of all this undoubtedly orchestrated chaos ?
You may ask anyone of those Talibs what he will do after capturing Islamabad , and probably he will not provide any sensible answer .
It would be too simply to finger point onto CIA and quite premature on China or India .
Too complicated , but the Truth will surface very soon , when there will be an answer about who and what had to gain from this , and whose game the Talibans are playing , be it as ( false ) friends or ( pretended ) foes .
( Remember : there are no friends and enemies in politics - there are interests ! )
How to vote ?
We use for the calculation of our truth coefficient a double criteria presented by in the graph at your left hand side .
1 . Select in the first instance the option which describes the article on the scale from LIE to TRUTH
Select in the first instance the option which describes the article on the scale from LIE to TRUTH 2 .
And then select what is the useness of it to you on the scale from USELESS to USEFUL
And then select what is the useness of it to you on the scale from USELESS to USEFUL 3 .
Press to vote , and if change your mind you are welcome to come back and vote again Square the truth coefficient useful
lie useful
fact useful
truth interesting
lie interesting
fact interesting
truth useless
lie useless
fact useless
truth Useful Interesting Useless Lie
Fact
Truth
But so far , only those who provide arms and drugs are definitely winning .
Or is it all about drugs ?
TO paraphrase Al Pacino in “ Godfather III , ” just when we thought we were out , the Bush mob keeps pulling us back in .
And will keep doing so .
No matter how hard President Obama tries to turn the page on the previous administration , he can ’t .
Until there is true transparency and true accountability , revelations of that unresolved eight - year nightmare will keep raining down drip by drip , disrupting the new administration ’s high ambitions .
That ’s why the president ’s flip - flop on the release of detainee abuse photos  whatever his motivation  is a fool ’s errand .
The pictures will eventually emerge anyway , either because of leaks ( if they have n’t started already ) or because the federal appeals court decision upholding their release remains in force .
And here ’s a bet :
These images will not prove the most shocking evidence of Bush administration sins still to come .
There are many dots yet to be connected , and not just on torture .
This Sunday , GQ magazine is posting on its
Web site an article adding new details to the ample dossier on how Donald Rumsfeld ’s corrupt and incompetent Defense Department cost American lives and compromised national security .
The piece is not the work of a partisan but the Texan journalist Robert Draper , author of “ Dead Certain , ” the 2007 Bush biography that had the blessing ( and cooperation ) of the former president and his top brass .
It draws on interviews with more than a dozen high - level Bush loyalists .
Draper reports that Rumsfeld ’s monomaniacal determination to protect his Pentagon turf led him to hobble and antagonize America ’s most willing allies in Iraq , Britain and Australia , and even to undermine his own soldiers .
But Draper ’s biggest find is a collection of daily cover sheets that Rumsfeld approved for the Secretary of Defense Worldwide Intelligence Update , a highly classified digest prepared for a tiny audience , including the president , and often delivered by hand to the White House by the defense secretary himself .
These cover sheets greeted Bush each day with triumphal color photos of the war headlined by biblical quotations .
GQ is posting 11 of them , and they are seriously creepy .
Yeah , yeah , yeah …we all know that referees , umpires , and the like are human , too .
But that does n’t mean we can’t ridicule them unrelentingly , especially when they happen to make mistakes so unnerving that the only thing to do is to construct a list chronicling the incompetence in a historical light .
Here are some of the most controversial .
Brett ’s Possession in the Bronx
For as good of a player as Hall of Fame third baseman George Brett was , he will perhaps be remembered best for the satanic streak that possessed him that fateful July day in the Bronx .
And to think it was all in vain .
A career .305 hitter who collected over 3,100 hits , Brett was enjoying a celebratory sip of Gatorade after his ninth - inning home run off Goose Gossage gave the Kansas City Royals a 5 - 4 lead over the New York Yankees when fiery Yankee manager Billy Martin began to cry foul .
After receiving confirmation from New York third baseman Craig Nettles , Martin claimed that Brett ’s bat was in violation of Rule 1.10 ( b ) , which states that no player ’s bat may be “ covered or treated with any material or substance to improve the grip ” any more than 18 inches from the end .
Following a lengthy investigation by his crew , which included a cavity search on Brett just for the hell of it , infamously deliberate home plate umpire Tim McClellan sauntered towards the Royals ’ dugout and threw up the out sign , nullifying Brett ’s heroics and giving the Yanks a midseason win .
What ensued will forever be the most irrelevant , albeit entertaining , tirade in baseball history .
The look in Brett ’s eyes , the flailing of his arms , and his absolute fury in the moment are unforgettably emblazoned on the minds of everyone that has ever seen the clip .
His meltdown was a riveting climax to an exciting game , albeit one that would officially end in a very odd but pedestrian manner more than three weeks later .
After the Royals ’ 5 - 4 lead in the ninth was controversially morphed into a 4 - 3 New York victory , the Royals ’ vehement protests were acknowledged by American League president Lee MacPhail , who overruled McClellan and allowed Brett ’s home run to stand .
On Aug. 18 , 1983 , the two teams met on a scheduled off day to play the remaining inning and a third .
With Brett in his hotel room , the Royals put the Yankees down in order in the bottom of the ninth to make the game official — officially .
A.J. A - Okay With Missed Call
Nine years and three days after Jeffrey Maier decided to single - handedly alter baseball history with his antics in the Bronx , the winds of scandal blew vigorously through the South Side of Chicago , ultimately bringing about a long awaited reversal of fortune for an organization characterized by conspiracy and a significant championship drought .
As of 2005 , the Chicago White Sox were known for two things : the well - documented Black Sox Scandal that tainted the 1919 World Series and a run of title futility that stretched 88 years , surpassed only by their cross - town neighbors , the Chicago Cubs .
But a season after the Boston Red Sox put to rest a curse of their own , the White Sox seemed determined to end any and all superstition .
Postseason expectations were higher than ever in the Windy City as the White Sox concluded the 2005 season with an American League - high 99 wins and the second - highest winning percentage in franchise history .
All season , a rock solid starting rotation and a lineup void of all - or - nothing power hitters had reflected manager Ozzie Guillen ’s philosophy , which heavily emphasized a need for effective defense and opportunistic speed — and the playoffs were no different .
However , despite having home - field advantage by virtue of their regular season record , the White Sox lost Game 1 of the ALCS to the Los Angeles Angels , a team that unmistakably mirrored Chicago ’s playing .
An American League team excelling at a National League style of play , the Angels excelled at playing small ball and relying on timely hitting and defense .
Thus , it came as little surprise that manager Mike Scioscia ’s team waltzed into enemy territory at U.S. Cellular Field with a possibility of returning home with a commanding two - games - to - none series lead .
After Mark Buehrle became the second White Sox pitcher in as many nights to pitch nine innings ( in fact , Chicago hurlers would throw four straight complete games in the series ) , Chicago entered bottom of the inning with a chance to end a tied game in walk - off fashion .
With two outs in the inning , Chicago catcher A.J. Pierzynski appeared to have sent the two teams into extra frames when he struck out against Angels reliever Kelvin Escobar .
In the midst of his dejected walk back to the home dugout , Pierzynski quickly altered his path , instead tearing a streak towards first base after he realized that home plate umpire Doug Eddings had ruled that Anaheim backstop Josh Paul did not catch the ball cleanly on the final strike .
All the while , knowing well that he had snared Pierzynski ’s swing - and - miss before the ball hit the dirt , Paul ignored Eddings ’ call , confidently flipped the ball back to the mound , and joined the rest of his teammates in their procession off the field .
As the Angels enthusiastically challenged the call on the field , Pierzynski stood delighted on first base as television replays visibly showed that Eddings ’ view of the play was incorrect , which meant that Paul was not required to either tag Pierzynski or throw down to first base in order to record the inning ’s final out .
Since baseball had not instant replay provision to review the video , the call stood and the inning continued .
Pinch runner Pablo Ozuna , brought in to replace the slow Pierzynski , promptly stole second without a throw .
Moments later he scored the game - winning run when Joe Crede ’s double drove him in .
The controversy undeniably rattled Anaheim .
Once staring a potential 2 - 0 series lead in the face , the Angels instead returned to California disappointed with their one win in Chicago .
Although they now were equipped with the benefit of playing three consecutive games at their home park , it made little impact .
Anaheim lost all three games , scoring just seven runs in the process .
Lost in the controversial nature of Chicago ’s first league championship series win since 1959 was the historic performance by its starting rotation .
Beginning in Game 2 , the four - headed monster of Jose Contreras , Mark Buehrle , Jon Garland , and Freddie Garcia went the distance in four straight victories , marking the first time since 1928 ( New York Yankees ) that a team had accomplished such a feat .
As a result , the White Sox bullpen pitched a total of two - thirds of an inning against Anaheim .
As it turns out , Anaheim ’s victory in Game 1 of the ALCS would be Chicago ’s last defeat of the 2005 postseason .
The White Sox would pummel the Houston Astros in a four - game sweep in the Fall Classic for the franchise ’s first title since 1917 .
Phil Luckett Ruins Thanksgiving in Pittsburgh
In a span of less than three full NFL seasons , referee Phil Luckett was directly involved in three of the league ’s most suspect rulings .
In January of 2000 it was the Music City Miracle , in which the Tennessee Titans used a questionable lateral to beat the Buffalo Bills in the waning seconds of a wild card playoff game .
Two years earlier , in December of 1998 , the veteran Luckett headed the crew that erroneously allowed a quarterback sneak touchdown by the New York Jets ’ Vinny Testaverde to stand in a game against the Seattle Seahawks when television replays clearly showed that the ball did not break the plane of the goal line .
But to Pittsburgh fans , Luckett ’s most glaring display of ineptitude occurred in the Steelers ’ game against the Detroit Lions on Thanksgiving Day in 1998 .
With the teams deadlocked at the end of regulation , Luckett and the captains stood at midfield for the vital coin toss that would decide who got the ball first in overtime .
The coin spiraling through the air , Pittsburgh ’s Jerome Bettis clearly blurted out “ tails , ” as recorded by CBS cameras and microphones on the field .
The coin landed tails .
But , apparently , Luckett heard otherwise .
By virtue of what he thought he heard Bettis say ( evidently , “ heads ” ) , Luckett immediately declared the Lions the winner of the coin toss .
Naturally , Detroit elected to receive the ball in the sudden death period .
Meanwhile , Bettis ’ befuddlement showed in a Renee Zellweger - esque stare as he and teammate Carnell Lake pleaded their case .
The Lions received the kickoff and promptly moved into field goal range for kicker Jason Hanson , who booted the game - winner .
But Detroit ’s 19 - 16 win did n’t mean an end to the Luckett backlash .
In the days that followed the debacle , NFL commissioner Paul Taglibue reviewed the statements made by Luckett , Bettis , and Lake amidst unrelenting scrutiny from every corner of the gridiron landscape .
According to Luckett , who claimed he heard Bettis call “ heads - tails , ” he was merely enacting NFL Rule 5 - 3 , which , concerning the coin toss , states that the official is obligated to hold the player to his initial decision .
On the other side , Bettis insisted he started to call “ heads ” but stopped himself while the coin was in the air .
So what was interpreted as “ heads - tails ” by Luckett was actually “ hea…tails , ” which would technically stand to be a legal declaration of “ tails . ”
Childish , indeed .
But such is the petty he said / he said love affair between Luckett and Bettis that led to a complete overhaul of the coin toss procedure in the NFL .
On Nov. 30 , 1998 , league officials mandated that the visiting team captain make a determination before the coin is flipped .
What a novel concept .
Hull Puts His Best Foot Forward
The 1998 - 99 NHL season was in dire need of some excitement .
Before the league decided to open things up following the lockout of 2005 , the NHL resembled a defensive wasteland where no semblance of offensive ingenuity dare tread .
The ‘ 98 - 99 campaign was perhaps the defining moment in the league ’s inability to wow fans with a wide - open style of play .
With defensive strategies like the left - wing lock and neutral zone trap still enjoying mainstay status , scoring in the NHL near the turn of the millennium was at an absolute premium .
Only two teams out of 27 that season summoned enough offense to produce an average of more than three goals a game .
Even more ghastly , 160 shutouts , or one every 14 games , were recorded .
Mercifully headed towards the end of this season of unprecedented offensive deficiency , Commissioner Gary Bettman could only hope the Dallas Stars and Buffalo Sabres would produce something worthy of debate and conversation , if not an onslaught of attacking hockey , in the Stanley Cup Finals .
And he got it — on the final play of the season .
Dallas had rampaged its way through the league en route to a President ’s Trophy with a record of 51 - 19 - 12 and 114 points .
The Stars also took advantage of the clutching and grabbing that ruled the day to lead the league in fewest goals allowed ( 168 ) , a stingy 2.04 per game .
In sum , the Stars were hockey ’s most dominant team , finishing the season nine points ahead of any other team and 16 points ahead of their closest Western Conference foe .
By stark comparison , Buffalo , even with 91 points , barely inched its way into the playoffs .
However , the Sabres , one of the Eastern Conference ’s lowest - scoring teams in the regular season , flipped the switch in the postseason .
Through three rounds , coach Lindy Ruff ’s crew turned on the afterburners , scoring a blistering 3.3 goals a game while losing just three games .
The stage was now set : the irresistible offensive force of the Sabres versus the immovable defensive blob of Dallas .
Unfortunately , the series played out in the same fashion that many thought it would – ploddingly .
After five games the teams had combined for all of 19 goals , and the Stars held a slim three - games - to - two lead .
The Stars would ultimately take the Cup , but not before providing the controversial twist that Bettman had so adamantly yearned for .
Knotted at a goal apiece , Dallas and Buffalo were again mired in a defensive clinic .
The struggle continued for nearly six periods – almost two full games – taking the game deep into the wee hours of the following morning .
Finally , at 14:51 of the third overtime , Dallas Jere Lehtinen sent a weak shot from the left faceoff dot toward vaunted Sabres goaltender Dominik Hasek … who proceeded to cough up a crucial rebound .
Ready to pounce on the loose puck was Dallas forward and future Hall - of - Famer Brett Hull , who had raced towards the goal the moment Lehtinen released his shot .
With one skate visibly planted in the restricted shaded area of the goal crease , Hull gained possession of the loose puck .
He quickly had to evade an oncoming Buffalo defender , resulting in him pulling his foot back out of the crease .
Now with nothing but the sprawling Hasek between him and Cup glory , Hull kicked the puck to his stick and slid in the Cup - clinching goal … but not before positioning his foot once again inside the restricted area .
Buffalo personnel and fans immediately argued the goal , citing the NHL ’s “ skate in the crease ” rule that had a propensity for causing confusion .
In 1999 , the rule stated that if a player scored with his skate preceding the puck into the crease , the goal was disallowed .
However , the refs allowed Hull ’s goal to stand , and following the Stars ’ victory NHL officials ruled that since Hull ’s skate was not in the crease when he kicked the puck to his stick , his possession of the puck superceded any ensuing activity , including placing a skate in the crease prior to scoring .
Got that ?
Buffalo players and fans did n’t buy it either .
Two days later , Bettman aroused suspicions hockey fans everywhere when he announced that the NHL was abandoning its video replay procedure that reviewed goals in question .
Bettman argued that replays threatened the spontaneity of the game .
It was n’t long after this that the NHL completely retooled the crease rule .
As it stands now , under Rule 78.5 , the only way a player in the crease can have his goal disallowed is if that player was deemed to have substantially interfered with the goaltender .
Denkinger ’s “ Royal ” Foul - Up
Baseball ’s human element that makes it a sport like no other comes with a trade - off : it can cripple a team just as easily as it can uplift one .
And never has a judgment call so deflated a squad , and turned the tables so rapidly , as with the St. Louis Cardinals in the 1985 World Series .
In game six , still flying high off an exhilarating NLCS win over the Los Angeles Dodgers where they won four straight after falling behind two games to none , the Cardinals were three outs away from capturing their second title in four seasons .
With his team up 1 - 0 over Kansas City , St. Louis manager Whitey Herzog brought in rookie closer Todd Worrell to shut the door .
The leadoff man in the Royals ’ ninth was light - hitting Jorge Orta .
True to form , Orta trickled a ball down the first base line that needed about 20 bounces to reach Jack Clark .
Running stride for stride with Orta to cover first base , Worrell managed to reach the base first , where he received a nearly errant flip from Clark .
Using every bit of his lanky 6 ’ 5 ” frame , Worrell , with his right foot firmly planted on the base , snared the ball well before Orta arrived .
The bang - bang play deserved a split - second decision from first base umpire Don Denkinger , a veteran of 16 seasons who had worked two previous World Series .
But Denkinger emphatically ruled Orta safe , sending the Cardinals into a tizzy that would not dissipate until after St. Louis had suffered a meltdown of epic proportions .
Clark subsequent misplayed a foul popup , giving Kansas City ’s Steve Balboni a second life at the plate , which he promptly make good on with a single .
After a sacrifice bunt and passed ball put runners on second and third , former Cardinal Dane Iorg blooped the biggest hit of his career into right field , scoring pinch runner Onix Concepcion and Jim Sundberg with the tying and winning runs .
But the worst was yet to come for St. Louis .
With Denkinger now behind the plate for a decisive Game 7 , Herzog and his players completely unraveled in an 11 - 0 loss .
Herzog and pitcher Joaquin Andujar were both ejected in the fifth inning for arguing balls and strikes , a widely - known baseball no - no .
Andujar , who later demolished a toilet in the Cards ’ clubhouse , had been relieving St. Louis starter John Tudor .
Tudor , the historically reliable lefty who was the staff ace in 1985 , had been removed from the game for allowing five runs and four walks in less than three innings .
Denkinger , who would officiate games for another 13 seasons after his historical gaffe , admitted later that he got caught too close to the play and that his proximity to the base contributed to the call .
Following the Royals ’ victory in Game 6 , the first person Denkinger saw after leaving the field was Commissioner Peter Ueberroth , whom he asked if he had gotten the Orta call correct .
Ueberroth replied with a straightforward “ No , you did n’t . ”
The “ Hand of God ” Picks Maradona
When Argentina and England met in the quarterfinals of the 1986 World Cup , a tremendous mutual disdain had been brewing for decades .
Twenty years earlier in a 1966 World Cup game against England , Argentine captain Antonio Ubaldo Rattin protested what he thought was an unwarranted red card by sitting on a red carpet reserved solely for the Queen of England .
Though England eventually won the Cup that year , they never forgot the slight .
The hatred grew in 1982 when the two soccer powerhouses waged war over the Falkland Islands , located east of Argentina in the South Atlantic .
Needless to say , when the countries met for the second time in the game ’s greatest tournament four years later , neither side had trouble getting pumped up for the match .
After an uneventful first half , a “ miraculous ” finish immortalized the game forever as the playmaking ability of attacking midfielder Diego Maradona , a little divine intervention , or perhaps a combination of both allowed Argentina to take the lead six minutes into the second half .
After passing to teammate Jorge Valdano at the edge of the 18 - yard box , Maradona made a mad run for the net .
Valdano lost control of the ball , causing it to bounce up in the air to unsuspecting English defender Steve Hodge .
Hodge then failed miserably in his clearing attempt , inadvertently lofting a reachable ball near the net for the hard - charging Maradona , who was now midway into his run to the goal .
His path unimpeded , Maradona found himself one - on - one with England keeper Peter Shilton for the now infamous 50 /50 ball .
All things considered , the diminutive Maradona had no business out - leaping the 6 ’ 1 ” Shilton , who had a considerable height advantage of over six inches .
His right arm fully extended in an attempt to punch the ball out , Shilton ’s efforts were in vain as the ball glanced off the raised clenched left fist of Maradona — and was sent careening into the open net .
Excluding referee Ali Bin Nasser , everyone who witnessed the play instantly acknowledged the illegal means by which Maradona scored , including British announcers , who led their nation in an absolute parade of hate for the Argentine soccer god in the aftermath of the controversial goal .
British ire then reached a boiling point when in a press conference following Argentina ’s 2 - 1 victory , a delirious Maradona said his feat was accomplished “ a little with the head of Maradona and a little with the hand of God . ”
This implication that Maradona actually scored the goal legally — and with a little help from the big guy upstairs — enraged Brits everywhere even more , prompting the U.K. press to insinuate that it actually may have been the Devil may have been at work that day in Mexico City .
As outrageous as it may be that the Hand of God goal was allowed to stand , what has been forgotten is the fact that the English failed to show a pulse the remaining 39 minutes , allowing Maradona to somehow outdo himself .
A mere five minutes after his first goal , the charismatic Maradona seemingly levitated his way through the British defense on a historical run that spanned nearly three - fourths of the pitch .
The result was an unforgettable display of soccer prowess and a moment that has been dubbed the Goal of the Century .
Some 20 years after Argentina rode its celebrity midfielder to a World Cup title , Maradona allegedly apologized to the people of England for his illegal goal in January of 2008 in an interview with British tabloid The Sun.
Maradona himself refuted the claim less than a week later to Argentine reporters , saying , “ I did not ask forgiveness from England . ”
Jeffrey Maier ’s Yankee - sized Hand Job
Only in New York can a 12 - year - old kid receive the key to the city .
And only in the case of a franchise with the storied past of the New York Yankees can a blatant error in officiating trigger a four - ring dynasty .
What was Jeffrey Maier doing so close to that railing anyway ?
You can blame it on destiny , or you can blame it on shoddy parenting .
Whatever your reasoning , it ’s possible that without the heroics of Maier , the Yankees very well may not have won the World Series in 1996 — and three consecutive titles from 1998 - 2000 .
On the cusp of capturing an all - important Game 1 on the road , the Baltimore Orioles needed just six outs to get a leg up in the 1996 American League Championship Series .
With a 1 - 0 series lead , and three consecutive home games looming , the O ’s would have been in sparkling shape to claim the franchise ’s first World Series title since 1983 .
But a pubescent youngster from Jersey would have other plans .
His Yanks down 4 - 3 in the eighth , Maier was situated in the right field stands , urging his team to come back , and patiently awaiting his history - altering moment .
With the swing of a bat , Maier ’s fifteen minutes of fame came hurtling towards him in the form of a deep fly ball off the bat of Yankee leadoff man Derek Jeter .
In an youthful move of anticipation , Maier quickly arose from his seat and made a mad dash for the outfield wall , just to the left of the 312 - foot mark , as Baltimore rightfielder Tony Tarasco headed for the same spot .
As the ball was about to land in the glove of Tarasco , just short of being the game - typing home run , Maier thrust out his own glove trying to catch the ball .
Maier ’s outstretched glove snagged the ball and proceeded to deflect it over the wall , much to the consternation of Tarasco , who pointed an angry finger and even more menacing stare upwards at the shell - shocked Maier .
Right field line umpire Rich Garcia arrived on the scene moments later and ruled the ball a home run , engendering an angry objection by indignant Orioles manager Davey Johnson .
Not even the heroics of Bernie Williams ’ game - winning home run in the 11th inning could measure up to the young Yankee fan ’s theatrics .
Maier interfering with a catchable ball and gathering it in as a home run was all anyone could talk about .
Now a folk hero and footnote in Yankees lore , a frenzied media storm followed Maier for the remainder of the 1996 postseason , including appearances on national talk shows .
Of course , it did n’t hurt that the disputed home run call ended up propelling New York to a five - game series win over Baltimore and the franchise ’s first championship in 15 seasons when they beat the Atlanta Braves in the World Series .
Though Baltimore recovered admirably to win Game 2 , 5 - 3 , the following evening , the Maier incident , for all intents and purposes , effectively took the wind out of the team ’s sails .
When the series moved to Baltimore ’s Camden Yards for three consecutive games , the O ’s stood in solid position to claim the series nonetheless , but the Yankees won all three road games to clinch .
After the first game of the series , the Orioles fervently contested Jeter ’s home run , but their protests fell on deaf ears .
Because judgment calls cannot be challenged , American League President Gene Budig , after admitting fan interference , ruled in favor of New York .
Adding insult to injury , Budig also deemed the ball to be uncatchable , although video replays suggest just the opposite .
Ironically enough , more than 12 years later , a 24 - year - old Maier is now pursuing a career in professional baseball .
In fact , after Maier completed a noteworthy career as Wesleyan University ’s all - time leader in hits , the Orioles were rumored to have been interested in drafting their former nemesis .
Those reports have since been denied .
No Tucking Way
The snowy conditions of the NFL ’s 2002 AFC Divisional Playoff game between the New England Patriots and Oakland Raiders were so bad that players could hardly see grass , nevermind yard markers .
But with the tremendous controversy that defined New England ’s 16 - 13 win , the weather is not even near the top of the list of what the Raiders and their fans will remember from that game .
Leading 13 - 10 with less then two minutes remaining , John Gruden ’s Raiders had fought off the best efforts of the favored Patriots and a then - little - known quarterback by the name of Tom Brady .
But with time running down , Brady was leading the Pats down the field on a potential game - winning drive .
With the heavy snow , throwing the ball was a treacherous venture .
Brady dropped back to pass and pump faked , but then Oakland cornerback Charles Woodson emerged from the wall of white and crushed him , jarring the ball loose .
The ball was recovered by Raider linebacker Greg Biekert and the play was initially ruled a fumble , all but ensuring an Oakland victory .
However , because the play occurred within the final two minutes of a playoff game , the fumble was subject to a booth review — a rule that will forever be the bane of every Oakland fan ’s existence .
Emerging from his deliberation under the hood , referee Walt Coleman , citing NFL Rule 3 , Section 21 , Article 2 , Note 2 , explained that Brady ’s arm was still going forward and , therefore , the fumble was actually an incomplete pass , even though Brady was brought down while having two hands on the football .
Now known by its cut - and - dried moniker , the “ tuck ” rule asserts that for any player attempting a forward pass to fumble , that player must first securely tuck the ball into his body prior to losing possession of the ball .
( For an alternate definition , check the Urban Dictionary ) .
The result was the birth of a dynasty , as the Patriots were catapulted by Adam ’s Vinatieri ’s game - tying and game - winning field goals and into a string of three championships in four seasons , beginning with an improbable win over St. Louis in Super Bowl XXXVI .
In the postgame press conference , the Raiders ’ frustration was eloquently summed up by Woodson , who referred to Coleman ’s ruling as “ a bullshit call . ”
The following season , after breezing through the regular season en route to a Super Bowl appearance under first - year head coach Bill Callahan , the Raiders would find no excuses in a lackluster 48 - 21 Super Bowl loss to Gruden and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
Four Downs Not Enough for Buffs
Of the 48,856 that filled the bleachers at Faurot Field on October 6 , 1990 hoping to witness a landmark victory , not a single one of them expected the home team to make history in a losing cause .
Much to the delight of their fans , the Missouri Tigers , mired down in six consecutive losing seasons , appeared to be on the verge of shocking the college football world .
After scoring late in the fourth quarter to take a 31 - 27 lead over the twelfth - ranked Colorado Buffaloes , the Tigers were one stout defensive stand away from snatching the program ’s biggest win in decades .
And they got it — that is until the members of the officiating crew decided to ditch their counting skills and help out the visiting team a bit .
How ?
Clearly influenced by the chains on the field that were incorrectly marked , referee J.C. Louderback and his band of zebras inexplicably gave the CU offense an extra down that will forever be emblazoned in Mizzou lore .
After quarterback Charles Johnson stopped the clock with a spike on what should have been fourth down — and a game - ending turnover on downs — Colorado scored on a one - yard plunge by Johnson for the 33-31 win .
Certain that their Tigers had yet again turned back Colorado at the goal line , Missouri fans were in the midst of storming the field as officials were ruling the play a touchdown .
When the dust from one of college football ’s biggest follies had settled , the two teams headed down two totally different paths .
Missouri won only two more games the rest of the season , finishing 4 - 7 , and would not have a winning campaign for another seven years .
Meanwhile , controversy continued to follow Colorado , albeit to the school ’s only national title .
Head coach Bill McCartney — who later admitted he would not consider forfeiting the Missouri victory because he felt the “ lousy ” Faurot Field Omniturf , which caused footing problems for both teams , prevented his team from blowing the Tigers out — led the Buffaloes to a 10 - 9 victory over Notre Dame in the Orange Bowl that is still defined by a questionable clipping call on an Irish punt return .
The Forgotten Silver Medal
“ The Americans have to learn how to lose , even when they think they are right . ”
It ’s been more than 26 years since former International Basketball Federation secretary general R. William Jones gave our nation this bit of scrupulous advice .
And if Americans still are n’t ready to listen today , they sure as hell were n’t ready to take heed immediately following what was perhaps the most dubious miscall in not only Olympic history , but possibly in all the celebrated history of U.S. sports .
Played during a relatively calm period of the Cold War , the men ’s basketball gold medal game of the 1972 Summer Olympics matched the traditionally dominant Americans against a talented Soviet squad that had yet to make an international impression .
Ultimately , a victory over the U.S. would serve as that impression and do nothing to ease the superpowers ’ strained relationship .
Though the route to the final match was the same for both sides , each arrived at the gold medal game via contrasting styles .
The Americans , winners of the previous seven gold medals and undefeated ( 63 - 0 ) in Olympic play , were fueled by a smothering style of defense that allowed just 44.5 points a game .
Conversely , in compiling a 7 - 0 record in pool play , the Soviets boasted a high - tempo , frantically paced offense that ran their opponents right out of the gymnasium .
The Soviet Union scored nearly 92 points a game prior to their meeting with the U.S. , including two performances that exceeded 100 points .
Like all great matchups , it was strength versus strength .
As the game wound down to the final seconds , it seemed the U.S. had succeeded at imposing its will on the Soviets .
Trailing 49 - 48 with three ticks left , U.S. guard Doug Collins hit two free throws to give his team a slim advantage .
That ’s when the madness began to seep in .
During Collins ’ second attempt , the horn signaling the end of regulation sounded prematurely .
Unfazed , the Soviets quickly in - bounded the ball and stormed down the court , but their efforts for a last - second win were unsuccessful .
The game was presumed to be over .
But Brazilian referee Renaldo Righetto claimed to have stopped play with a second left to address the horn problem and the ensuing disturbance at the scorer ’s table .
At the same time , the Soviets argued they had called a timeout prior to Collins ’ free throws .
The final verdict was to reset the game clock to three seconds .
But fate being the bitch that she is , the Soviet Union put the ball in play and misfired on a second game - winning field - goal attempt .
However , they did so before officials had the clock effectively reset , which resulted in yet another American celebration being thwarted .
Despite having no official authority to have a say in the matter , the aforementioned Jones requested that the clock be reset to three seconds – again .
It is still unclear as to why Jones made such a determination .
Perhaps the fact that the Americans smoked his native Italy by 30 points in the semifinals two days earlier had a little something to do with it .
Regardless , a now third Soviet in - bounds pass was caught by Aleksandr Belov , who avoided U.S. defenders Kevin Joyce and Jim Forbes to put in an uncontested layup for the Soviet win as the horn , now in working order , went off .
Understandably frustrated , the U.S. team filed a protest to appeal the result of the game .
However , the Americans ’ fate had already been sealed .
A five - man jury influenced by Cold War politics defeated the appeal by a count of 3 to 2 .
Inspired by Jones ’ postgame comments , members of the U.S. team and coaching staff refused to attend the customary medal ceremony in defiance of their erroneous second - place finish .
To this day , those silver medals still sit unclaimed in a vault in Switzerland .
And to ensure that their wishes are forever respected , several players on that U.S. team have mandated in their wills that no heir have access to their silver medals .
Fun with Distributed Hash Tables May 13 , 2009
The keen reader might have previously noticed my interest in distributed hash tables ( DHTs ) .
This interest is strong enough to motivate me to build a DHT library in Haskell , which I discuss here at an absurdly high level .
Distributed Hash Table Crash Course
( skip if you ’ve read anything remotely good on DHTs )
A DHT is a sort of peer to peer network typically characterized with no central or “ master ” node , random node addresses , and uses a form of content addressable storage .
Usually implemented as an overlay network and depicted as a ring , we say each node participating in the DHT “ has an address on the ring ” .
To locate data first you need an address ; addresses are generated in different ways for any given DHT but is commonly a hash of either the description ( “ Fedora ISO ” ) , file location / name ( “ dht ://news ” ) , or even a hash of the file contents themselves .
The lookup message is then sent to this address and in doing so will get routed to the node with the closest matching address .
The routing is fish - eye : nodes have more knowledge about the nodes with closer addresses and sparse knowledge of further addresses .
The result is that the average number of hops to locate a node is logarthmic to the size of the network but so are the size of any one nodes routing table , so the burden is n’t too much .
To ensure correct operation , DHTs keep track of the closest addressed nodes ( typically the closest 8 on each side ) .
These nodes make up the ‘ leaf set ’ and are often used for special purposes such as redundantly storing data if the DHT is for file sharing / storage .
It ’s “ easy ” to keep this correct because the final step when joining a ring is to contact the node who ’s currently closest to your desired address .
Functionallity of the Haskell DHT Library
Originally I worked toward Pastry like functionallity , but then I read a paper on churn and opted to implement Chord like policies on join , stabilize and key space management .
I ’ve implemented the basic operations of routing , periodic leaf set matainence , join operations requiring an atomic operation on only a single ( successor ) node , and IP v4 support via network - data .
This is built on Control - Engine , so you can instruct nodes to route or deliver using as many haskell threads as you want .
Beyond that , adding hooks is what Control - Engine is built for , so its easily to plug in modules for load conditioning , authentication , statistics gathering , and arbitrary message mutation .
Using the DHT Library
The main job in starting a node is building the ‘ Application ’ definition .
The application must provide actions to act on delivered messages and notifications about leaf set changes and forwarded messages ( giving it the opportunity to alter forwarded messages ) .
Additionally , the app is provided with a ‘ route ’ method to send messages of its own .
I wo n’t go in to depth on this right now as I ’m not yet releasing the library .
Tests / Benchmarks
Using the hook instructions ( and a custom Application definition ) I ’ve instrumented the code to log when it deals with join requests ( sending , forwarding , finishing ) and to show the leafset when it changes .
Using the resulting logs I produced graphical representations of the ring state for various simulations ( graphical work was part of a Portland State course on Functional Languages ) .
My student site has several simulations , but the most instructive one is LeafSet50 ( 22MB OGG warning ! ) .
Joining nodes are shown in the top area , active nodes are displayed in the ring at the center , thick lines are join requests being forwarded around , and groups of thin lines show the latest leaf set .
Aside from revealing corrupt states caused by a broken stabilize routine , you can see some interesting facts for such a crude rendering :
A ) Some areas are completely void while others are so dense that four or five nodes are overlapping almost perfectly .
This tells us that , at least for sparsly populated DHTs , random assignment is horrible and can result in nodes having many orders of mangnitude larger area of responsibility than their counterparts .
If I had bothered to read papers about applications based on DHT libraries then I might have known exactly how bad the situation could be , but it ’s interesting to see this visually as well .
B ) The simulated storm of joining nodes combined with periodic stabilization results in leaf sets being massively out of date .
This concerns me less given the less - than realisic cause and the fact that everything eventually settles down ( in ~ 120 seconds ) , but might bite me when I start thinking about join performance .
Other Ponderings
While I know that simulating 500 nodes takes 40 % of my CPU time in the steady state ( there is lots of sharing of leaf sets to make sure nothing has changed ) , this can be dramatically decreased by making the LeafSet data structure more efficient .
Other than that , I ’m just now considering the types of tests I desire to run .
There are no serious benchmarks yet , but I hope to understand much more about the network performance such as :
1 ) Number of messages for joins
2 ) Number of bytes used for joins
3 ) Bandwidth needed for the steady state
4 ) Message rate in the steady state
Future Alterations :
Its not named !
So job one is for me to figure out a name .
Code changes needed :
Remove nodes that do n’t respond to stabilize messages ( they are n’t deleted currently – they just persist ) .
Check the liveness of nodes appearing in the route table ( only leaf set nodes are checked right now )
Generalize about the network – do n’t mandate IPv4 !
Polymorphic ‘ Message a’ type – do n’t assume H - DHT does the serialization to / from lazy bytestrings !
Stabilize is rudementary – check the sequence number to make sure responses are current !
Basic security / correctness mechanisms are still needed .
When other nodes send route table rows and leaf sets we just add those entries into our own structure without any confirmation .
Protocol changes :
Implement Pastry proximity work – this will require the application to provide a function “ proximity :: ( Node Id , IPv4 , Port ) -> IO Int ” .
Do n’t always route to the optimal node , implement some jitter .
Perhaps use the provably competative adaptive routing proposed by Awerbuch et al. for MANETs .
NAT Traversal ?
Talk about toxic assets .
They say a diversified portfolio is best for the long run , but uranium yellowcake ?
That 's what Lehman Brothers can't seem to get rid of , according to the New York Post .
The bankrupt investment firm has 500,000 pounds of the ore and does n't appear to have any interested buyers , the Post reported .
That 's enough uranium to make a nuclear bomb , according to Bloomberg.com .
Lehman acquired the radioactive supply before the storied bank collapsed last year under the weight of subprime derivatives .
But despite its desperate state , the bank is holding the yellowcake in order to sell it at a better price .
The belly - up bank has about $ 200 billion in unsecured liabilities debt , and the uranium could bring in about $ 20 million at the current price of about $ 40 per pound , Bloomberg reported .
But do n't expect the yellowcake to show up on Craigslist anytime soon .
" We are not planning to sell at a price that 's not advantageous , " the employee told the Post .
The arch shaped brows are thought to be the best shaped brows .
But do n’t happen naturally to most women and so they get them shaped up .
There are various techniques used for shaping them like threading , waxing , plucking hair with tweezers .
Threading is popular method of eyebrow shaping in Middle East , India and a few other Asian Countries .
It ’s becoming popular in US these days .
But there are not many trained professionals available in US to do threading .
Threading is regarding as the best method as it ’s less painful , the chances of skin irritation are zero as no cream is applied as done in waxing .
The chances of skin peeling out are close to zero whereas in waxing , the waxed layer of skin also pulled with wax .
This would be painful and may harm the skin around the eyes .
Threading is less painful compared to other forms and does n’t cause wrinkles or premature ageing which is very much a possibility when tweezers are used .
Threading is time saving as lots of hair come out a one go whereas tweezers pull only a few at one shot .
It can sometimes pull the skin cause marks as well as whereas this possibility is totally eliminated in threading .
Even the smallest unwanted hair can be tracked and pulled out from the root there fore it scores over all other techniques .
For the same reason , the frequency of shaping eyebrows is also reduces .
Some people need to shape up once in two weeks while many can give it more time .
A skilled beautician can give a very good shape to the eyebrow using threading which its greatest plus point .
Threading can be done to remove hair from any part of the face like the chin , upper lip and cheeks .
Some men do threading to remove the hair between the eyebrows and in the moustache and beard area .
Threading is usually done at beauty parlours by trained professionals but those who know the technique can do it at home .
Cotton thread is the tool used for threading .
To do threading , the beautician holds one end of the thread between the teeth or ties around the neck and holds the other end tightly in the left hand .
The index finger and middle finger of the right hand is used to make a loop of the string to pull the hair out .
Then the thread is rolled over the eyebrows and pulled .
It pulls out the hair as it moves .
This pulls the hair from the root so there is certainly some amount of pain .
But the intensity of the pain varies from person to person .
Some of the beauticians apply baby powder before threading so that the excess oil in the face is absorbed and the thread does n’t slip the when pulled .
Video Of Threading Eyebrows Yourself
Courtsy : ‘ Eily311 ’
Boost Con ' 09で行われ たAndrei Alexandrescuのセッション、「 Iterators Must Go」の資料を翻訳してみました。
【原文】
iterators - must - go.pdf
【日本語訳 】
iterators - must - go ( ja ) .pdf
【 Slideshare 】
http://www.slideshare.net/faithandbrave/iterators-mustgoja
訳がおかしいところがあったら教えていただけるとうれしいです。
【修正履歴 】
2009/05/15 19:25 コメント欄でturuginaさんから指摘いただいた点を修正
2009/05/18 10:57 コメント欄でportownさんから指摘いただいた点を修正
Not just a tree , but a whole farm , grows in Brooklyn .
Former E - Trade marketing manager Ben Flanner and New York Botanical Garden educational director Annie Novak started planting a whole salad full of veggie crops atop a former bagel factory in April .
Since the duo talked about the rooftop farm at last month 's Brooklyn Food Conference , tattooed volunteers have flocked to the decidedly un-bucolic Greenpoint neighborhood .
There , they seed , shovel , and sow , and are rewarded with quinoa for lunch and a sense of legitimacy .
Some volunteers arrive lovingly clutching bags of compost , which they gratefully donate to the farm .
“ We had more , but our landlord made us throw it away ! ” griped one , holding a slightly skimpy sack .
The Greenpoint farm was landscaped by Chris and Lisa Goode of Goode Green .
The two founded their own sustainable rooftop development company after success with their own Little Italy farm , complete with chickens and fruit trees .
Flanner contacted the couple after reading about them in New York last year , making up for his lack of farming background with sheer enthusiasm .
After signing up the Greenpoint building owner and experienced gardener Novak , the rest was history .
In addition to the vegetables , Eagle Street Rooftop Farm — it's on the corner of West End and Eagle Street — also includes an apiary , which helps pollinate and spread the crops .
They ’re planning on selling their vegetables to several local restaurants , including Marlow & Sons and Diner .
Putting the " green " back in “ Greenpoint , " Ben will make all deliveries on his bike .
Standing knee - deep in pea plants and overlooking the Manhattan skyline , the whole project seems a bit utopian .
But for some New Yorkers , a vegetable - filled rooftop is far more conceivable and practical than moving to the country .
Novak agrees .
“ When these farmers go in and lecture these inner city kids about dairy farming in upstate New York , it ’s in one ear and out the other .
But I can tell them , I have two farms in the city , ” and they can take the subway and come help on the weekends .
For more information on volunteering at Eagle Street Rooftop Farm in Greenpoint , email [ email protected ]
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Talk of ending the United States ’ 47 - year old Cuban trade embargo was premature and wo n’t happen unless Havana alters its policies , President Barack Obama ’s top economic advisor said on Sunday .
“ That is way down the road , and it is going to depend on what Cuba does going forward , ” White House Director of the National Economic Council Lawrence Summers told NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” , when asked under what circumstances Obama would lift the embargo .
“ Cuba ’s known what it needs to do for a very long time , and it is up to them in terms of their policies , their democratization , all the steps they can take , ” Summers said .
Obama last week relaxed parts of the trade embargo , imposed by Washington following Fidel Castro ’s 1959 revolution .
The move drew conciliatory remarks from Cuban President Raul Castro and has raised hopes of rapprochement between the two nations .
Summers , a former treasury secretary during the Clinton administration , said that the possibility of trade with Cuba would be a good thing for the United States but would not be a decisive factor in driving the historic decision .
“ This is an issue that is going to get decided on the basis of Cuba ’s behavior .
On the basis of the steps they choose to take , the steps they choose not to take in their policies in this hemisphere .
It is about whether they really want to join the community of nations in Latin America or not , ” he said .
From Berdikari , publication of Papernas ( National Liberation Party of Unity ) , Indonesia
Jakarta , May 6 , 2009 -- Neoliberal imperialism has put the Indonesian people under siege .
But that does not mean that the Indonesian people will be absent in giving support and solidarity to the global people 's struggle against neoliberal imperialism .
One of the country whose people are rising up courageously to fight neoliberal imperialism is Nepal .
In that country , the oligarchy of landlords and local elites , supported by international capitalism , has been overthrown by the Communist Party of Nepal - Maoist ( CPN - M ) supported by the people .
The CPN - M took power through a democratic election .
But since its victory , the oligarchy has always tried to destabilise the CPN -M led government .
A few days ago , the conflict reached its peak as the military command -- which received support from the old forces ( landlords and local elites ) refused to abide by the CPN -M led civilian government .
In response to this subversion , the civilian government decided to discharge the armed forces chief of staff , General Katawal , legally and constitutionally .
General Katawal refused to step down and instead allied himself with the right - wing parties and conservative opposition .
Prime Minister Prachanda 's democratically elected government is in crisis .
To strengthen and retain the Nepalese people 's mandate for change and democracy , he announced his resignation and dismissed his government .
The Nepalese people are also preparing themselves by organising resitance in the streets .
The Nepalese people have just started a new path in the journey towards their own future ; to control and manage their own natural resource , economy , and politics .
But the right - wingers and the oligarchy are worried of this change .
They are afraid of losing their centuries - long privileges .
Unfortunately the Western countries that often talk about democracy and human rights have refused to acknowledge that the CPN - M government is democratically elected .
CPN - M won [ the most ] votes in the April 2008 election ...
Therefore , CPN - M has a strong legitimacy to carry out the government and there is no reason to undermine it .
The entire progressive forces of Indonesia must express their support to the people 's struggle in Nepal .
Capitalism , that has brought disaster not only to billions of people , but also the future of this planet , must be ended .
Therefore , Berdikari online , as a progressive media that promotes national liberation , has made the statement below :
1. Stop imperialist intervention in the political conflict in Nepal ; let the Nepalese people assert their independence and decide their own future ;
2. Respect democracy by giving the elected government , that carries the people mandate , to work and carry out its duty ;
3 . Stop violence and sabotages that have victimised civilians .
Fight Against Neoliberal Imperialism !
[ Berdikari is the publication of Papernas , the National Liberation Party of Unity .
Translation by Data Brainanta from http://papernas.org/berdik ari/content/view/272/1/.]
* * *
Dukung Demokrasi di Nepal , Sokong Perjuangan Rakyat Nepal Melawan Imperialisme Neoliberal
Joss Whedon works fast : now that Summer Glau is no longer busy with Terminator , he 's already talking to her about showing up on Dollhouse .
But she wo n't be playing the role you might expect .
Possible spoilers below .
Advertisement
Whedon tells EW that he pounced on Glau even before Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles was officially canceled :
If anybody thinks [ bringing Summer onto Dollhouse ] has n't occurred to me already then they have not met me .
I mentioned it to her before [ SCC ] was canceled .
I was like , ' You know , we should get you in the ' house . '
But first we have to come up with something that works .
Advertisement
But Whedon cautions that Glau wo n't be playing a mind - wiped Doll , because she 's already played that type of role too often in the past .
( Including in his own Firefly . )
Instead , Whedon would rather cast Glau as something totally different — like " somebody who talks too much . "
Whedon likes to take people who are " good and comfortable " at playing one thing , and then he makes them play something totally different .
And Glau has told Whedon she 'd like to play a normal person before she dies of old age .
So who could Glau be playing in Dollhouse ?
It 's not a show that has too many parts for normal people — unless she plays a client who hires Echo or one of the other Dolls for some reason .
( Possibly a wealthy lady with a scar fetish , who has a torrid weekend with Victor ? )
But honestly , I can think of a couple other roles it would be fun to see Glau play : Maybe she could be the FBI agent assigned to take over Paul Ballard 's stillborn investigation of the Dollhouse ?
( Or an NSA agent picking up where Mr. Dominick left off ? )
But even better , maybe Glau could play a steely corporate shark from the Rossum Corp. , the shadowy corporation whose research the Dollhouse funds ?
You just know we 're going to be meeting some more Rossum Corp.
people in season two , and I can't imagine anyone I 'd rather see doing corporate evil than Ms. Glau .
What do you think ?
Further detailed allegations about tax avoidance schemes set up by Barclays Bank emerged tonight from whistleblowers who said the bank made close to £ 1bn profit a year from a series of elaborate deals .
The schemes are similar to those detailed in documents published by the Guardian this week which have been the centre of a three - day hearing at the high court , and are the subject of a gagging order .
The internal Barclays memos were leaked by a mole to the Liberal Democrats .
The new allegations reiterate claims that the bank 's main purpose in entering into these schemes was to make profit from tax avoidance through an intricate circuit of offshore Cayman Islands and Luxembourg companies .
The profits are said to be enormous and the deals so complex that HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) struggles to unravel them .
Barclays has vigorously denied the claims and earlier this week won an emergency injunction forcing the Guardian to remove internal bank documents from its website .
Earlier today a judge confirmed the ban , saying the documents contained confidential commercial information and legal advice .
The Guardian is also banned from giving information about other publicly accessible sources of copies of the documents .
Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman , said of the ruling : " This is a sad day for democracy .
British taxpayers are being asked to underwrite Barclays ' loans .
I believe full disclosure of these documents , showing how Barclays use tax havens for tax avoidance , would be in the public interest .
Banks use the finest legal brains money can buy to avoid tax , but HM Revenue & Customs is underpaid and overstretched , so it is far from a level playing field . "
Barclays declined to comment directly on any of the detailed allegations .
It said it complied with taxation laws and disclosed deals with tax implications to HMRC " in a prompt , transparent and timely manner " .
It added : " This has enabled HMRC to carry out detailed and robust assessments of our tax affairs with an emphasis on our structured capital markets transactions .
We provide them with further explanations and documentation as required . "
Barclays is currently in negotiation with the Treasury to secure insurance from the government – taxpayers ' money – to protect it against losses .
Pressure has been mounting on banks to unwind tax avoidance schemes at a time when they are taking money from the public purse .
Royal Bank of Scotland , in which UK taxpayers own 70 % of the shares , has disbanded its department responsible for creating tax avoidance schemes .
" The idea that we could take support from the Treasury with one hand and somehow pick their pocket with the other would be wrong on every level , " said an RBS source .
Sources with detailed knowledge of the Structured Capital Markets division of Barclays told the Guardian yesterday that its main purpose was to make profits from tax trades .
" Every single thing SCM does is a tax trade , " said one .
" The deals start with tax and then commercial purpose is added to them .
We were told that in one year SCM made between £ 900 m and £ 1bn profit from tax avoidance . "
The sources painted a picture of a brutally competitive environment at SCM , source of a major part of Barclay 's past profits .
One describes high - rolling poker games , abrupt sackings , and a " motivation " game in which an executive was strapped into a mock electric chair .
Barclays numerous tax trades have been voluntarily listed to the Revenue following a £ 300 m - plus deal between the bank and the authorities in about 2005 to settle an outstanding tax dispute , several sources say .
One whistleblower said , however , that the Revenue would typically get a one - or two - page summary of a deal , with all legal advice on tax and information said to be commercially sensitive removed .
" It was impossible for them to work out the true picture .
There 's an understanding that we tell them about each deal so long as they do n't stop them .
I have never been able to see what 's in it for the Revenue . "
The Barclays team expected the Revenue to obtain some tax payments on their deals but felt confident they would not be fully challenged , sources said .
They knew they had a big budget and could afford top tax lawyers .
Up to 40 % of the Barclays SCM tax profits came from past transactions with the US , sources say .
Once the tax authorities there clamped down , newer trades focused on the low - tax jurisdiction of Luxembourg to exploit a ruling from the European court of justice that the UK's tax rules on profits from foreign companies were discriminatory and not applicable unless trades were wholly artificial .
One Luxembourg - based scheme , Project Knight , had two parallel arms .
One involving " fixed income " loan deals was intended for trades worth up to a total of $ 16bn ( £ 11.4bn ) , which were expected to generate $ 240 m a year in tax benefits .
A separate arm was set up to trade similarly in market equities .
The trades were initiated for tax avoidance , the source said , but genuine commercial activities were also added as necessary .
Half a dozen or more variations of this particular project were developed .
Five or six further projects called STARS were bringing in profits from tax avoidance of around £ 300 m a year .
• You can contact the team working on the tax gap in confidence by sending an email to tax@theguardian.com .
I recently wrote about reports that insider selling was at record highs and buying was practically non-existent .
The selling has become even more alarming in the last week and the buying has slowed to an absolute trickle .
Below you ’ll find the list of latest insider buys and sells .
The sells are staggering with the amounts ranging from $ 3 MM to $ 63 MM ( and I was only able to copy one page ) .
The buys , on the other hand , are meager and range from $ 100 K to $ 635 K ( the $ 800 K purchase is a few months old and should n’t be in the data ) .
You ’ll also notice that the screen came up with just 18 total purchases vs 170 total sales ( the lowest of sell screen data were sales of over $ 400 K which is not shown here due to the large size of the results ) .
Click for larger image
Click for larger image
Insiders are overwhelmingly bearish on this market and have become even more so in recent weeks .
I ca n’t remember the last time the ratio of selling : buying was so lopsided ….
May 1 , 2009  --
Know someone who 's about to turn 50 ?
The mail will soon bring greetings that can strike terror in many a heart :
An invitation to join the American Association of Retired Persons ( AARP ) .
That dreaded condition known as the normal aging process has arrived .
If your friend , or you if you 're a baby boomer , dwells too long on that fact , it could make those gray hairs even more tragic .
A new study shows that fearing the loss of memory , one of those so - called " normal " symptoms of aging , can actually make a person more forgetful .
Especially if he or she is highly educated .
Worrying about aging and memory loss , according to psychology professor Tom Hess of North Carolina State University in Raleigh , can become a " self - fulfilling prophesy . "
He suspects those concerns begin earlier for many , partly because of that subtle invitation to join the growing ranks of seniors .
" If you worry about this [ loss of memory and other cognitive functions ] , it might become part of your psyche and have this pervasive effect , regardless of what 's happening , " Hess said in an interview .
He is the lead author of a study in Experimental Aging Research , co-authored by Joey Hinson and Elizabeth Hodges , also of North Carolina State .
It 's not a large study and the findings cannot be considered conclusive .
But they are consistent with earlier work by Hess and others showing that seniors are particularly concerned and , thus , more likely to show anxiety when confronted with questions about memory loss .
Fear of Age - Related Bias Affected Test Subjects ' Performance
The researchers conducted several experiments with 103 seniors in two groups , ages 60 to 70 and 71 to 82 , to see how certain cues would affect their ability to perform tasks in math and memorization .
Some participants , for example , were told they were going to take a test that would explain why younger and older adults perform so differently on memory tests .
They were also told to write down their age just before taking the test .
Those are considered " threats " in psychological research .
Other participants , however , were told that the test was " free of age - related biases " and adults of various ages should perform similarly on the test , considered a " non threat " status .
As expected , the " threatened " participants performed much more poorly on a memorization test than the non-threatened participants , especially in the 60 - 70 group .
Participants in the older group were less affected by the threat , possibly because they already knew they were old and have adjusted to that fact .
Those With More Education More Affected By ' Threat ' of Memory Loss
But here 's a finding that may seem surprising , although the experimenters expected it .
Participants with more education were more affected by the " threat " of losing their memory than participants with less education .
That was true in all the experiments , and across all age groups .
Yet numerous other studies have shown that more educated people are better equipped to deal with the stresses of aging , and even delay the onset of such debilitating conditions as cognitive impairment and Alzheimer 's disease .
Hess said the two are not inconsistent .
In his experiments , he said , it is likely that more educated people were more affected by worrying about their memory because " they , perhaps , are more sensitive to negative stereotyping of their cognitive skills , because they are more important to them . "
So , initially at least , they perform worse on memorization tests than people with less education because they worry more about losing it .
But ... More Education Also Fights Age - Related Mental Deterioration
But more education should help people meet cognitive challenges head on , exercising their brain well into old age , which has been shown to delay age - related mental decline .
That 's one of the reasons for a significant decline in mental impairment among older Americans in recent years , according to a study last year of 11,000 elderly people by the University of Michigan Health System .
That study found that among people 70 and older , cognitive impairment went down by 3.5 percentage points between 1993 and 2002 , from 12.2 percent to 8.7 percent , a difference that affected hundreds of thousands of people .
The researchers attributed that large decline to " more formal education , higher economic status , and better care for risk factors such as high blood pressure , high cholesterol and smoking that can jeopardize their brains . "
" We know mental stimulation has an impact on the way a person 's brain is ' wired , ' and that education early in life likely helps build up a person 's cognitive reserve , " Kenneth Langa , associate professor of internal medicine , said in releasing the Michigan study .
" So what we may be seeing here is the accumulated effects of better education and better cardiovascular prevention among the people who were over age 70 in 2002 , compared with those who were over age 70 in 1993 . "
People More Aware About Consequences of Aging
That would suggest that the people in Hess ' study are a bit too worried about mental decline and aging .
Things are getting better , not worse , according to the Michigan study .
Maybe people are just more aware of what happens as they age than they used to be and , thus , they worry about it more , and it does n't just depend on learning that the age of senior discounts is approaching .
It 's hard to ignore sore joints , aching muscles and , of course , those occasional " senior moments " when memory temporarily fails .
" Negative stereotypes seem to be particularly strong in people who are just entering old age , starting around 60 or 65 , " Hess said .
" When you find yourself at that particular age , there may be cues in the environment that make you overly sensitive " to aging .
He 's not suggesting that people ignore the obvious signs of aging .
But , according to his research , worrying about it too much could backfire .
Asher Moses
March 17 , 2009
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Australian communications regulator says it will fine people who hyperlink to sites on its blacklist , which has been further expanded to include several pages on the anonymous whistleblower site Wikileaks .
Wikileaks was added to the blacklist for publishing a leaked document containing Denmark ’s list of banned websites .
[ efoods ]
The move by the Australian Communications and Media Authority comes after it threatened the host of online broadband discussion forum Whirlpool last week with a $ 11,000 - a- day fine over a link published in its forum to another page blacklisted by ACMA – an anti-abortion website .
ACMA ’s blacklist does not have a significant impact on web browsing by Australians today but sites contained on it will be blocked for everyone if the Federal Government implements its mandatory internet filtering censorship scheme .
But even without the mandatory censorship scheme , as is evident in the Whirlpool case , ACMA can force sites hosted in Australia to remove “ prohibited ” pages and even links to prohibited pages .
Online civil liberties campaigners have seized on the move by ACMA as evidence of how casually the regulator adds to its list of blacklisted sites .
It also confirmed fears that the scope of the Government ’s censorship plan could easily be expanded to encompass sites that are not illegal .
“ The first rule of censorship is that you cannot talk about censorship , ” Wikileaks said on its website in response to the ACMA ban .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The Explorer
The EuroLisp Symposium and the Future of Common Lisp
by Michele Simionato
June 3 , 2009
Summary
Observations about the organization of the conference and about the talks discussing the future of Common Lisp .
Advertisement
The EuroLisp Symposium inspired me a lot of observations , so that a second post on the conference is in order .
The organization
The first bunch of observations is about the organization of the conference .
This aspect is interesting to me as an organizer of the PyCon Tre conference .
For a very reasonable free - 100 Euros for early subscribers , compared to the 90 Euros of PyConTre - we got two full days of conference in a really nice room , an excellent lunch and a spectacular dinner - the conference dinner was not included at PyConTre .
In addition we got two tickets for breakfast and this is the first conference I ever attended offering me the breakfast : kudos for the idea !
We also got a nice T - shirt and bag , and even printed proceedings with the papers presented at the conference .
All in all , we could not have asked for more .
I would be curious to know how much of the funding came from the sponsors and how much came from the University .
At the Python conference we could keep the admission ticket low because we had a lot of sponsors , both Italian and international ( amongst the international sponsors Qt , Google , Riverbank , the Python Software Foundation and others ) ; at the Lisp Symposium there were less sponsors but also much less participants ( say ~ 40 against ~ 400 at PyCon Tre ) so I am sure the conference was much less expensive .
I actually prefer smaller conferences with a single track , so that I can attend all the talks ; the problem with the Python conference with three parallel tracks is that I was forced to miss a lot of very interested talks .
Also , at PyConTre I was not completely free because I had to serve as a talk manager , being an organizer , whereas at the Symposium I was just a speaker .
PyConTre had a couple of things more than the Symposium : a translation service and a video service .
The translation service does not make sense in the context of the Symposium , where the official language is English , but the video service would be useful .
In particular , I cannot give an URL to the video of any of the talks , so if you could not attend , that talk is lost and there is no memory of it .
The organizers actually collected the slides , but it is not the same thing as a video .
Another advantage of PyConTre were the dates : the event happened during the weekend and not during working days so that it was much easier to attend for people working in the enterprise .
There was only one minor glitch in the organization , i.e. getting the wireless connection to work was hard .
The problem was mainly bureaucratic , since because the University connection was crypted , we needed certificates and some nontrivial settings of the wireless .
After spending some time with the help of the local organizers to configure my wireless to use the digital certificate , I still could not connect since my system did not support Enterprise level authentication , but only Home WPA connection .
It would have been simpler to use another provider instead of the University network , or simply not to offer the service , since at the end only few people could use it .
At PyConTre we just used the Hotel Internet connection , which was expensive and slow , but did not give so much trouble , since we simply got a card with a login and password .
The past of Common Lisp
The first day opened with Scott McKay talk about what he learned in the last 25 years or so , working with Lisp and Dylan .
Scott started his career at Symbolics , the creators of the legendary Lisp Machines , was involved with the creation of the Dylan programming language ( a.k.a. Lisp without parenthesis ) and he is now working at ITA Software ( they produce software for buying and reserving Airline tickets ) , spending his time on a ORM layer between Common Lisp and traditional databases .
The first half of his talk was about the mistakes they did in the early days , which were the usual ones ( excessive cleverness , building on shaky foundations , underestimating the difficulties of problems which turned out to be intractable ) .
It is interesting to notice how such mistakes are performed now and again , and it seem that no matter how many times people are warned against them , they still persist in repeating them .
Consider for instance the Python community , which has always had a strong bias against cleverness , and a very pragmatic no non-sense attitude .
Still , we see all the usual mistakes of overcomplexity to be performed in the major Python projects , like Zope , or SQLAlchemy , or most Web frameworks .
There must be something that brings clever people to abuse their cleverness .
Fortunately , the Python core is mostly free from such abuses , since the core developers have learned their lesson , but lots of Pythonistas out there are still wanting .
I remember a specific advice from Scott : do n't use caches ; if your application is slow , no amount of cache will ever speed it up .
He repeated that at least four or five times and I remember that because at my own company I have seen my collegues fighting with caches for months , wasting an enormous amount of time and effort for nothing , since at the end they were forced to turn off the cache .
I wish they had attended Scott 's seminar before even considering using software caches .
The other catch phrase from Scott 's talk was any bozo can write code .
He told us the story of how David Moon uttered this sentence to him in a public conference and how it realized at the end that Moon was right .
The point was that a good specification is more important than code , and that defending a poor specification with working code is a lost cause .
The story was interesting , but unfortunaly there are no shortcuts ; I do not believe any programmer can write a good specification without having written any code first .
Good specs always emerge at the end : this is unfortunate , but there is no other way .
Of course , some general rules apply and if you assume that your initial specification will be wrong anyway , you can work in such a way to be prepared to the inevitable change .
The trick is in being able to find out the mistakes in the original design before it is too late to change it , and this is not easy , especially in large projects with multiple programmers .
I have no pearls of wisdom to offer , except the famous quote by Brian Kernighan , about keeping the code ( but I would say it applies to the design too ) simple : Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place .
Therefore , if you write the code as cleverly as possible , you are , by definition , not smart enough to debug it .
( Scott did not quote Kernighan , but he was basically saying the same thing ) .
Notice that this quote applies as well to refactoring ( s/debugging / refactoring / g ) .
The future of Common Lisp : the revolutionary side
The second half of the talk was about the future of Common Lisp , about what we should do now , having learned from our mistakes .
This part was less convincing , since Scott basically advocated repeating one of his own past mistakes , i.e. dropping Common Lisp and starting again from scratch with a new language , which would basically be Dylan with parenthesis , good support for concurrency and with the ability to run on the Java and .NET platforms .
When he was pointed out that Clojure is already doing what he wants , he said " Well , I do n't like the square brackets " :-(
Frankly , that was quite disappointing .
He went on explaining than in his opinion the name resolution mechanism in Clojure is too complex and a few technical aspects which did not convince him , so that he sees Clojure as a valid candidate for the future Common Lisp but not yet as the Real Thing .
The impression I got is that he would only accept as new Common Lisp a language designed by himself , but then nobody else would use it , as nobody ever used Dylan .
Also , the hypothetical new language he was describing ( Uncommon Lisp ) was looking very much like Scheme ( single namespace , with a module system instead of a package system , with simple core , easy to understand and to explain to newbies , more consistent ) : when he was asked why he was not considering Scheme he said " Yes , Scheme would be fine but I do not like the community " .
Honestly , I do not have big confidence about the future of Common Lisp if this is the attitude .
The other provocative speaker after Scott McKay was Mark Tarver .
He is the author of a new language called Qi which to me looks more similar to ML than to Common Lisp .
The relevance to Common Lisp is that Qi is implemented in Common Lisp and that Mark Tarver has a strong Common Lisp background .
Apparently the position of Tarver is that Lisp is dead as a specific phenotype ( i.e. Common Lisp ) but it continues to live and it has a great future as a genotype .
In his words Lisp should not be seen as a specific language , but as a set of genetic characteristics which have virally infected all modern dynamic languages .
His main interested was to port Qi to all such Lisp - like languages , by writing code generators ( Qi-> Python , Qi-> Ruby , etc ) .
I do n't know what more to say , since I have not checked Qi , but my gut feeling is against code generation , since debugging code automatically generated is always a big PITA .
The main point of Tarver however , that the Common Lisp should look at the newer languages and find some way to inter- operate with them , is a sensible one .
The future of Common Lisp : the evolutionary side Both McKay and Tarver basically said that it is time to move on from Common Lisp and that we should start writing a new language - from scratch , as McKay advocated , or on top of Common Lisp , as Tarver advocated .
Their position was very much isolated : everybody else was more conservative , very much against restarting from a new language ( actually I do not see how restarting from a new language is different than killing Common Lisp ) and favoring incremental refactoring and improvement of the current language and specification .
The most extreme position was the one of Pascal Costanza : his proposal for improving Common Lisp was to start a Web site ( called CDR ) collecting documents and specifications to fill the gaps left in the Standard .
I say that Pascal 's position is extreme because in his view the CDR project should just collect the specifications but the specs do not need to be accompanied by a concrete implementation ; there is no formal process to grant any particular status to a proposal , i.e. there are no " approved " or " recommended " or " rejected " proposals ; any proposal just lies there and some specific Common Lisp implementation might decide to implement it or might not .
In short , one sends his proposal to the CDR site and nothing happens .
That does not strike me as a very effective way to improve Common Lisp , not as a the best road for a bright future .
Pascal said that the CDR process was inspired by the SRFI process of the Scheme community , but I see it as different since : the SRFIs are accompanied by portable implementations , so you may directly use them as libraries , even if your chosen implementation does not come with the SRFI you want ; the idea is that the Scheme committee should look at the existing SRFI and extracts ideas from them to insert them in the standard of the language ; that did not work at all in practice , since the R6RS editors disregarded existing good SRFIs to reinvent things from scratch in an inferior way :-(
In short , the Scheme community is not the right place to look when it comes to mechanisms to improve the standard , and in any case the CDR mechanism looks even worse than the SRFI mechanism .
There were people with sensible positions , like Nikodemus Siivola , which basically just proposed to focus the efforts on writing more portable libraries : this is what the Alexandria project is about .
This is a start , but it looks very much insufficient to me .
All things considered , I came out from the conference with a pessimistic impression about the future of Common Lisp .
I hope I am wrong .
In this moment my advice to a young programmer wanting to start with a Lisp - like language would be " forget about Common Lisp , look at Clojure if you feel enterprise - oriented or at Scheme if you feel research - oriented " .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 11 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Michele Simionato adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Michele Simionato started his career as a Theoretical Physicist , working in Italy , France and the U.S.
He turned to programming in 2003 ; since then he has been working professionally as a Python developer and now he lives in Milan , Italy .
Michele is well known in the Python community for his posts in the newsgroup (s ) , his articles and his Open Source libraries and recipes .
His interests include object oriented programming , functional programming , and in general programming metodologies that enable us to manage the complexity of modern software developement .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2009 Michele Simionato .
All rights reserved .
This is a summary of my presentation titled “ DDD in a distributed world ” at the DDD Exchange 09 in London .
Distributed systems are not typically a place where domain driven design is applied .
Distributed processing projects often start with an overall architecture vision and an idea about a processing model which basically drives the whole thing , including object design if it exists at all .
Elaborate object designs are thought of as something that just gets in the way of distribution and performance , so the idea of spending time to apply DDD principles gets rejected in favour of raw throughput and processing power .
However , from my experience , some more advanced DDD concepts can significantly improve performance , scalability and throughput of distributed systems when applied correctly .
One of the most important building blocks of DDD that can help in distributed systems are aggregates .
Unfortunately , at least judging by the discussions that I ’ve had with client teams over the last few years , aggregates seem to be one of the most underrated and underused building blocks of DDD .
I ’m probably as guilty as anyone else of misusing aggregates and it took me quite a while to grasp the full potential of that concept .
But from this perspective I think that getting aggregates just right is key to making a distributed system work and perform as expected .
Aggregates are about units of consistency - not about pointers
Most folks think about aggregates in terms of pointers , such as that objects outside of an aggregate should only reference an aggregate root and not any objects inside the aggregate .
Although very useful in general , this rule is not the whole story of aggregates , but that is where most discussions end .
Aggregates are also perceived as very technical in nature , almost something that should be left out of the discussion with business experts , similar to repositories or factories .
I think that this is a mistake .
Aggregates represent a very clear business domain aspect that should definitely be discussed with domain experts .
I found it much more important to focus on the fact that an aggregate is a unit of consistency from a business perspective .
We can look at an aggregate from a business perspective as a units of consistency in our problem domain .
Something that in a business sense always needs to be perfectly coordinated and consistent , something that is only complete as a whole .
Eric
Evans calls this a “ meaningful whole ” , suggesting that an aggregate itself has a meaning separate from the meaning of its parts .
As such , it is a genuine business domain concept , not just a technical guideline about references .
And in order to find correct aggregate boundaries we should n’t be concerned that much about referencing code and class encapsulation .
This is more an exercise of identifying business requirements for consistency .
From that perspective , aggregates have a clear impact on processing models and implementation of the system .
An aggregate is a natural unit of distribution because we probably need all the information in an aggregate to meaningfully process it .
Whenever we send information down the wire , the whole aggregate needs to go .
It also means that we need to ensure that all changes to a single aggregate are saved correctly as part of a single transaction .
Once we have done it , we genuinely have a meaningful piece of work done .
This potentially gives us freedom to work on different aggregates in parallel or in separate transactions .
When these forces are aligned , we ’ll get a very nice distributed system design and an implementation that performs nicely .
When these forces are in conflict , we should stop and analyse the system instead of just ploughing away with the code .
The conflict may come from either the technical or the business perspective but having these concepts explicitly defined gives us a good framework to spot something smelling dirty and fix the problem before it becomes too big .
That is why aggregate models provide some great hints about distributed processing .
Hint # 1 : If you do n't aggregate enough , even the fastest computers will spin their wheels in vain
Latency is one of those classical problems of distributed systems .
It is a very elusive concepts that an average programmer just ignores , because it seems as a networking issue that should be solved by networking people .
I remember a guy who was building his own messaging solution and proudly boasted about its performance , demonstrating it by running both the server and the clients on his machine .
When we deployed it properly and put one system in the UK and another one in the States , the whole thing fell over almost instantly .
Think of it this way : to send an page by post you need to find an envelope , put a stamp on that and put it into a post box .
There ’s also one less visible step there that most people do n’t take into account – walking out of the house and going to the post box .
Walking outside to a post box is where the latency kicks in .
It ’s not something people see integral to the process , but it nevertheless exists .
Say you wanted to post a contract that has twenty pages .
Doing the whole routine for every single page would instinctively feel wrong and no sane person would do that – we would just put all the pages in a large envelope and stick a single stamp on that , then take all that the post box at once .
Yet I find people doing the equivalent of posting each page separately in software over and over again , making the system walk to the post box twenty times instead of once and paying for twenty virtual postage stamps .
And this is where aggregates start to kick in .
The whole twenty page contract is an aggregate and that very fact that is an aggregate should suggest that it should be shipped together .
It is a meaningful whole so whoever needs a page probably needs the entire thing .
So I suggest the first rule to help distributed systems with aggregates : Ship entire aggregates straight away to avoid latency .
Hint # 2 : If you aggregate too much , baggage becomes a problem
The second classic problem of distributed systems is serialization performance .
Serialization and deserialization are often among the biggest performance hogs in a system as they rely on reflection , IO and traversing complicated object graphs .
This is again where aggregates can help , but the issue is a bit more subtle .
We need to keep an eye out for conflicts between the intended processing model and the business view of aggregates .
For example , in a classic account system with accounts and transaction histories , it seems perfectly logical to have the account history as part of the account aggregate .
Say we wanted to process transactions for an account on different machines .
Sending huge object graphs over the wire all the time makes no sense technically , so shipping the whole history when we send the account would kill the system performance .
There we have a conflict between a business view of an aggregate .
Instead of just ploughing away with the code and breaking the aggregate apart for this one occasion ( which would lead to the corruption of the design eventually ) , I suggest pausing and thinking a bit more about this conflict .
This is a very subtle trap .
First of all , there are no universal models and the model along with the aggregate structure only works within a particular set of scenarios , so stuffing the account history to be part of the account aggregate may or may not make sense depending on how we are going to use the accounts .
When there is a conflict between the processing model that we wanted to implement and the aggregate model suggested by the business , that might point to better ways to design the system .
The rule that the whole aggregate gets shipped together would make us ship the whole history each time we send out account information and makes absolutely no sense .
On the other hand , being able to meaningfully operate on just a few pieces of information conflicts with the business definition of the aggregate .
An option would be that the history is not really be part of the account aggregate – maybe it is just a list of domain events that record what happened , or maybe they form part of another statement aggregate .
In that case , the model gives us a real argument to talk to the business about statements being something that can now get updated asynchronously as it is not part of the main account aggregate .
This is why you get the correct balance but not all the statements on in internet banking applications .
Inserting a new transaction record might require locking the sequence generator or a table in some database systems , so it costs a lot .
If the transactions can be asynchronously updated then we can significantly reduce locking and improve the system performance .
This model gives us distributed processing but clearly points out that the history is not going to be 100 % consistent with the balance all the time .
It would require a recognition from the domain experts that the history does not belong to the unit of consistency of an account .
On the other hand , if we do n’t get the confirmation from the business about that , the fact that all of it has to be part of the same aggregate tells us that distributed processing of a single account is not where we want to go .
We need to find a different solution , possibly a distributed master - worker with worker machines owning accounts and the master routing tasks to be processed on the appropriate machine .
So the second rule I ’d like to suggest is :
If you do n’t need it all , it is probably not an aggregate and you can improve performance with asynchronous updates .
Hint # 3 : If you do n't aggregate enough , things are going to be broken just when you need them
This relationship between synchronous atomic updates and aggregates works both ways .
Without properly defined aggregate boundaries in the model , we might actually be breaking up transactions into pieces that do not make sense individually .
If there are no aggregate boundaries , there is nothing to tell us what actually is a consistent update from a domain perspective and we ’ll probably form transactions around requests .
This might lead to a lot of unnecessary code to handle technical “ edge cases ” which are n’t really business exceptions at all .
For example , a trading system might require customer ’s credit card details for any meaningful operation .
Because of web design constraints , the registration process for customers on the web site might be divided into several steps , where they would first fill in the personal details and then put in the payment details on a separate screen .
If we do n’t capture the fact that the payment information are actually part of the customer aggregate then the normal way to implement this would be to form the transactions around requests – posting after each screen .
That would allow the system to create customers with no payment information ( when they close the browser or just do n’t complete the registration ) .
These strange cases will start popping up in reports and we ’d have to implement workflows to handle these customers , preventing them from accessing functionality that requires payments etc .
If we do consider both parts a single aggregate , the rule that we should ship entire aggregates ( even from the web site to create the customer account ) , leads to the conclusion that the data should be collected from both screens first and sent at once , instead of sent after each individual screen and processed in the database .
Because aggregates are units of consistency , in order for them to stay consistent we need to keep all steps in an update of an aggregate together .
Aggregate updates need to obey the samurai principle : either return successfully or not return at all .
Without this , we are opening the doors for data corruption - not in the disk failure sense but in the business sense .
The technical edge cases that do n’t exist in the business simply go away , so we do n’t have to handle them or maintain code to work around them .
Atomicity of transactions fits into aggregates really nicely and this is where transactions also come in .
If we think of aggregates as units of consistency , that allows us to design the transactions in our system to work on a single machine as we can ensure that all the information that should be processed synchronously within a transaction resides in a single place .
Aggregates are natural atomic parts of transactions .
The third rule I suggest for improving distributed systems is :
We should form our transactions around business units of consistency rather than technical requests to avoid data corruption and simplify processing .
The entire aggregate should be processed synchronously within a transaction .
Hint # 4 : If you aggregate the wrong things , deadlocks galore
Locking resources in distributed systems is also one of those invisible issues that can just kill you if you do n’t get it right .
Distributed systems are typically built to process more than a single machine can – to increase the overall system throughput .
Yet if critical resources are locked too much and processes often have to wait for other processes to release those locks , spanning to multiple machines might actually give you worse performance .
One example that we had in a recent DDD Immersion workshop , changed a bit to protect the innocent , is a scheduling system that involves event organisers and events .
The unit of consistency in a business sense was an event organiser , so that was the aggregate by design .
At some point , the system was integrated with an external notification source with messages about changes to events .
A message might contain updates for hundreds of events for different organisers , postponing , rescheduling etc .
The business wanted a notification message to be processed within a single transaction , regardless of what it contains .
After the change , the system performance seriously deteriorated as a single notification message was locking hundreds of organiser objects .
This is another example of the processing model conflicting with the business model of aggregates .
If the organiser and its events are units of consistency , then we should be able to update one organiser entirely and not update the others and the system would still be consistent .
If this is confirmed by the business ( which is more likely than not ) , then we have a good case against the requirement to process the entire message in a single transaction .
We can take the message , store it and commit , then break it apart into chunks related to individual organisers in another transaction and commit that , and then process individual chunks in separate transactions .
This model also allows us to process individual organisers in parallel so the business will probably see the final effect sooner than with a single transaction anyway .
The fourth rule coming out of this is :
When locking , lock aggregate roots .
Challenge requests to lock more than one at the same time .
Reinforcing ideas
Aggregates are a curious pattern as they clearly have both a business domain and a technical side .
These two sides of aggregates confirm and reinforce each - other .
That is what makes them so useful for modelling and designing distributed systems .
Once we know what makes a conceptual unit of consistency , we have defined the clusters that need to travel down the wire or be processed as a single unit .
If the required processing model contradicts that , then we need to revisit the aggregate definitions or the processing model .
Once we draw the lines of the aggregates and think of them primarily as units of consistency we can have a meaningful discussion on what implementation model suits our required set of scenarios .
Aggregates are natural choices for some of the most tricky issues of distributed systems , including locks , transactions , asynchronous processing , serialization and latency .
If we want one but not the other that probably means that we do n’t have the correct aggregates boundary , or that we have unrealistic expectations .
And spotting this early on is one of the greatest powers of aggregates as a concept – we do n’t have to burn our fingers by spending months developing something that simply is not going to perform or satisfy requirements .
In The Relentless Progression of Baby Steps , I suggested that frequent , minor upgrades are the sanest way to manage software dependencies .
Chris Prather and I had a short discussion soon afterward ; his Baby Steps to NASCAR gives one example where upgrading is not necessarily advisable .
There are other situations .
I believe they 're rarer than most people think , but software development has nuances related to risk and value tradeoffs .
( The Internet , I believe , killed nuance and has very nearly replaced satire with lower primate chest - beating , but that 's a different story . )
Risk and Value
I use Test - Driven Development for all code I intend to maintain .
I can imagine a well - meaning but non-technical manager watching the process and wondering why I write one and a half to three times as much test code as I do code and asking me why I spend so much time moving around and deleting and revising code .
" Would n't it be more efficient , " he might ask , " just to write the code you intend to keep the first time ? "
Set aside the question " How do I know what I need until I need it ? " ( though it 's an important question ) and consider some risks .
By writing tests and aggressively refactoring , I risk spending more time creating code than if I wrote code itself .
I may have more code to maintain ; test code is still code , subject to rules of maintenance , clarity , coding standards , and duplication .
If I 'm going down the wrong path , I may enshrine the wrong behavior in the tests .
However , if I do n't use the TDD cycle , I risk writing too much code that I do n't need .
I risk regressions , as my test coverage is likely poorer .
I risk writing APIs that are difficult to use , because I 've never used them .
I risk having fewer refactoring possibilities in the future , because my code coverage may not be as good .
I risk those unpredictably long debugging sessions where I know there 's a bug somewhere , but I can't pin it down to a three - to - five section of code I wrote in the past five minutes .
( Sometimes you do get these long debugging sessions even with TDD , but they 're much less frequent and much less painful . )
Throwing use Modern : : Perl ; at the top of my programs takes a little bit of effort too - especially as it's one more dependency for people to install -- but allowing Perl to warn me if I 've made a typo or a common logic error is a huge benefit for me .
I do n't make those mistakes very often , but when I do , they 're much easier to find and to understand if the computer can point them out to me .
My mind 's usually busy thinking on a much higher level than " Oh , you transposed two letters in a variable name " .
For a small cost , I get tremendous benefits .
It 's important to look at risk and reward in those terms .
Risks and Rewards of Frequent Upgrades
With that in mind , here are the situations where I believe it may be appropraite to skip minor upgrades .
I wo n't analyze all of the risks and rewards , as they 're general categories and not specific situations .
You may safely not upgrade a dependency when :
... your software is not receiving maintenance .
This is the " If it 's not broken , do n't touch it " scenario .
Please note that this means that no one is using the application , it 's running on a box in a corner somewhere that no one touches it , and the moment someone reads the source code out of anything other than morbid curiousity , you 're maintaining it .
It 's stable , by which I mean it 's never ever going to change .
It 's dead .
... you 've paid a vendor or support organization lots of money not to upgrade .
See : IBM , Sun , SAP , Oracle .
( If I paid someone lots of money , I 'd expect them to remove not cause headaches , but that 's just me . )
... you depend solely on vendor packages and subsequent updates .
If you want to stick with what Debian unstable provides for mod_perl and use only . deb - packaged CPAN modules , you do have some advantages .
( Be aware of the disadvantages -- but the advantages are compelling . )
... you can and will support the dependency yourself .
If you want to use Perl 5.005 , you can find it .
If you can get it compiling on a new box purchased in March 2009 running a modern operating system and compiler , great .
You 're on your own for security patches , bug fixes , and ( likely ) porting other code to work on that old version .
You may have to backport patches yourself , or pay someone to do it .
You have that option .
That 's it .
You may have noticed the conspicuous lack of " Ca n't the free software community support old versions for free ? "
That was deliberate , and the reasoning should be obvious .
A federal judge has ruled that the Obama administration cannot use a captured person 's " substantial support " for the Taliban or al Qaeda as a reason to justify their detainment .
At the same time , Judge John Bates , in an order that has ramifications for the upcoming trials of many detainees , held that the government was well within its rights to indefinitely detain several classes of belligerents , including under Congress 's 2002 Authorization for Using Military Force in Afghanistan resolution .
Detaining an individual who " substantially supports " such an organization , but is not part of it , is simply not authorized by the AUMF itself or by the law of war .
Hence , the government 's reliance on " substantial support " as a basis for detention independent of membership in the Taliban , al Qaeda or an associated force is rejected
It is not entirely clear how many of the 240 Guantanamo detainees fall into this category .
Bates , according to an analyst who has reviewed the decision , gave the government an out by noting that direct evidence that a person helped the Taliban means that the person is " functionally " part of the Taliban , and thus would be covered by the AUMF .
Importantly , Bates accepted the Obama administration 's reliance on Congress as the arbiter of how the detainees are disposed , which suggests that future cases involving the procedures for their dispositions will also give weight to Congress 's grappling with changes to the military commissions statutes .
There are now two rulings by two federal judges on the subject of whether the Obama administration 's definition of the scope of its detention authority is valid .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Remote - controlled drones , which have been employed to conduct surveillance and missile strikes in Iraq , are increasingly being used to kill insurgents in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Is this the future of warfare ?
What are drones ?
They are heavily armed flying robots — planes without pilots .
Drones constitute a class of unmanned aerial vehicles , known as UAVs , ranging from surveillance craft small enough to fit in your hand to Northrop Grumman ’s Global Hawk , which has the wingspan of a Boeing 737 and is slated to supplant the U - 2 as the nation ’s pre-eminent spy plane .
The best - known U.S. military drone is the Predator , a 27 - foot - long aircraft made of lightweight graphite and carbon fiber , which is used extensively in Iraq and Afghanistan , and increasingly in Pakistan .
“ The key thing in a UAV , ” says Damian Kemp , an editor at Jane ’s Defence Weekly , “ is it does missions that are dull , dirty , and dangerous . ”
Have drones been effective ?
Enormously so .
In the past six months , Predators operating in the tribal regions of Pakistan and Afghanistan have been credited with helping to capture or kill nearly half the terrorists on a list of 20 “ high - value targets , ” and some U.S analysts believe al Qaida has been seriously crippled as a result .
The dead include Khalid Habib , reputed to be al Qaida ’s third - ranking member ; Abu Khabab al - Masri , who ran the organization ’s chemical and biological weapons efforts ; and Abu al - Hassan al - Rimi , who led the group ’s operations against coalition forces in Afghanistan .
Thanks to the drones , CIA Director Michael Hayden said recently , “ a significant fraction of the al Qaida leadership in that part of the world has been taken off the battlefield in a compressed time period . ’’
The most desirable target , of course , is Osama bin Laden , but thus far , he has eluded detection .
How do drones operate ?
Predators can stay aloft for up to 40 hours at a time and , unlike a human pilot , they require no sleep .
Employing high - powered zoom cameras , infrared sensors , and radar , they are capable of capturing still and video images day or night , in any weather , and transmitting them in real time to commanders on the ground and to remote pilots back in the U.S. ( See below . )
Flying at altitudes up to 25,000 feet , the Predator ’s quiet engine is extremely difficult to detect from the ground .
Yet its video is so powerful , it can distinguish a person ’s facial features from five miles up .
Each Predator carries two laser - guided Hellfire missiles .
Are drones new ?
No .
Israel has been using them since the 1970s for surveillance and missile attacks .
In the U.S. , the Pentagon ’s bureaucracy resisted drones until they were used for surveillance in Bosnia and Kosovo in the 1990s .
After 9/11 , drones were deployed in Afghanistan and armed with missiles .
Today , there are more than 5,000 drones in the U.S. military , and daily drone missions in Iraq and Afghanistan have nearly tripled in the past two years .
Do drones have drawbacks ?
Sometimes , drones and their remote operators make mistakes and kill the wrong people .
Last fall , a Predator fired a missile into a wedding party in Afghanistan , killing at least 30 civilians , including children .
Americans “ bombard us , they hate us , they kill us , ” an Afghan named Yakhakhan said after losing several family members in the strike .
In the past few months , women and children have been killed in the more than three - dozen U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan — raising fears of a political backlash against the U.S .
What happens during a strike ?
Silence ... followed by a powerful explosion and sudden death .
“ It ’s not like any other plane , ” an unnamed militant in Gaza tells the Associated Press .
“ You do n’t see the missile leaving .
It ’s very quiet . ”
The prospect of drones hovering overhead has so unnerved al Qaida and Taliban leaders in Afghanistan and Pakistan , a recent intelligence report said , that some sleep under trees at night rather than risk a drone attack on their homes .
A reporter who was allowed to watch video of a drone strike described seeing men outside a large building .
“ In an instant , ” Sara Carter writes in The Washington Times , “ the men on the ground and the building disappeared in an explosion of brilliant white light . ”
Are there nonmilitary applications ?
Yes .
Drones are being used to monitor forest fires , volcanoes , and weather .
The federal government also has been employing drones for surveillance along the Canadian and Mexican borders , and it reports that between 2005 and 2008 , drone flights helped to interdict 20,000 pounds of drugs , leading to 4,000 arrests .
Police departments in Houston , Miami , and other cities have expressed interest in using drones for surveillance .
But the Federal Aviation Administration is in no hurry to increase congestion in civilian airspace — especially with pilotless planes .
Human pilots , a federal report notes , have a distinct edge in “ seeing and avoiding other aircraft . ”
What is the future of drones ?
The possibilities are vast .
Engineers are working to make drones self - sufficient , so they can repair themselves if disabled .
Drones are also becoming increasingly deadly .
There are now 28 Reapers , the successor to the Predator , in the U.S. Air Force .
Each is capable of flying at 50,000 feet , carrying up to 14 Hellfire missiles , and using infrared sensors to distinguish the “ heat signatures ” of rocket launchers , anti-aircraft guns , and other firepower on the ground .
The Government Accountability Office envisions a future in which drones can remain aloft for months , using fuel cells or airborne refueling .
“ These systems today are very much Model T Fords , ” says defense analyst P.W. Singer .
“ These things will only get more advanced . ”
Mission control
Armchair pilots at Creech Air Force Base outside Las Vegas are capable of operating up to four drones at once , allowing the pilots to “ fly ” missions in Iraq and Afghanistan on the same day .
Working with sensor operators at computer consoles , they control drones halfway across the world and communicate with commanders on the ground .
When a possible target is identified , commanders in Iraq or Afghanistan decide whether to attack .
At a secret site in the Persian Gulf , giant , cinema - size monitors display continuous video feeds from drone cameras .
Once an attack has been ordered , it takes up to 17 steps for a pilot to fire a missile .
It ’s challenging work , but it does n’t require leaving the office .
“ Believe it or not , ” said an officer during a tour of the Nevada facility , “ behind this door is Afghanistan . ”
( OrganicJar )
The outskirts of Santa Barbara were bumpin ’ June 12th weekend when maca frenzied raw foodists congregated by the bucket loads to form the first Raw Spirit Festival of 2009 .
Aw , yes .
It was here that I grooved to the music , jived with the raw chocolate , peeped a couple of vendors and somehow managed ringside seats to a super sloppy durian eating contest between David Wolf and Matt Monarch .
Now that ’s my kind of party .
This was a great event and fantastic weekend , highlighted by the sweet vibe brought forth by all the loving people in attendance and some killa grub .
This year , the conscious folk behind RSF opted for three separate festivals as opposed to the one gala event that has hit Sedona , Arizona like a cyclone in years passed .
Unfortunately , this may have played a part in the relatively smaller crowd - a crowd smaller than I think was anticipated by vendors .
Even so , less heads proved no effect on the energy level which was high and flowin’ .
The campy Santa Barbara acreage ( that I had no idea existed ) serving as venue was a completely different scene from the lushly green golf course of Sedona ’s Radisson Hotel the prior year .
Mixing it up in this manner created a unique experience for RSF regulars and repeat offenders such as myself .
RSF days are packed with speakers , food demos and product vendors - a veritable playground for keeping up with the raw joneses .
On the activity tip , some raw foodies get twisted in sacred yoga while others are melty with massage .
Many opt to shake it , as some type of jam is usually getting pumped up at any given moment ( I woke up to a guy playing the flute outside my tent one morning … ) .
Think Burning Man , except our huge wooden man statue would have been dehydrated at 109 degrees and all his enzymes would still be intact .
All this talk about enzymes is making me hungry … let ’s talk about the food !
Hot damn was it good !
Ok maybe the hottest it got was a piping lukewarm , but cold damn was the food good .
The eclectic array of raw masterpieces being peddled spanned from Bavarian Tacos to Tiramisu to Cream of Mushroom Soup .
All raw , all vegan , all bomb dot com .
Some personal standouts for me were the spicy Raw Tostadas from the Synergy Chefs of Sacramento , the gorgeous Raw Beet Salads by the Juicy Ladies of Westlake Village , and the crazy delish Raw Ice Cream Sundaes from dRAW of Los Angeles .
Tons of incredible food , all made with love .
Sign. Me. Up .
The love was not just found in the food , it was all over the fest .
Here , hugs felt like HUGS .
Here , I felt the freedom to look strangers in the eye , to connect and share the sense of community surging throughout the campgrounds .
It was palpable .
Everyone on the same plane , moving and shaking on their own path , together .
The smallest chain of events invited some of the most interesting conversations I ’ve had in 2009 and with perfect strangers .
Common small talk at Raw Spirit seemed to revolve more around topics similar to manifest destiny or the law of attraction and less in regards to the weather .
It was a collective of open hearts , as if all egos had been checked at the door with the toaster ovens .
There are two more Raw Spirit Festival opportunities this year .
You can hit the fest in Washington , DC at the end of August and in Prescott , AZ at the end of September .
Whether you are raw , raw - curious , or simply interested in figuring out what I ’ve been talking about , this is a festival worth checking out .
At the least you ’ll end up with a happy tummy and a new friend or two .
Ain’t nothing wrong with that .
Written by Lisa Paris , a writer , nutritional counselor and raw vegan gangsta out of Portland , OR .
You can check her out at www.rawbeets.com
Why use DVD Ripper software ?
With the rapid development of science and technology , all kinds of convenient for people to enjoy life equipment into people 's vision .
Many people will want to own like DVD on the mobile phone iPad devices and so on , in order to facilitate viewing .
Random people urgently need a tool to convert DVD .
DVD Ripper Software will help you solve the problem , it can easily converts DVDs to play on almost any portable device including iPad , iPod , iPhone , iPod touch , iPod video nano , Zune , PSP , video - capable MP3 players , video - capable mobile phones , Pocket PC , etc .
How do we review DVD Ripper Suite Software ?
As a professional audio and video software web site , we will from the following aspects of the software carries on the comparison to facilitate the users to choose .
1. Feature Set
DVD Ripper software has some basic functions such as Tirm , Ctop , merge , oupput setting .
We will from the functional strength up to competitions .
2. Quality Guarantee
To give each product a proper ranking we looked at the stability of each product .
Stability encompasses the product 's ease of installation , available help , error messages and necessary additional downloads .
We believe that each DVD ripper software choice should be complete and ready to use from the time you purchase it , working without problems and providing necessary help as required .
3. Easy to Use
We will according to collecting the information of the user and a different brand of product interface , operation guide and other factors .
The combination of these factors we will use the product to convenience to give the most fair evaluation .
4. Ease of Installation
We will personally to try , and according to the time of installation , installation error probability and other factors evaluation is given .
Holy crap .
It looks like the rumors were true .
Futurama is BACK .
After four movies ( most of which we covered here ) , Comedy Central decides that they want more of Futurama and renewed them for TWENTY SIX new episodes starting 2010 .
That 's twice the amount of episodes that were rumored .
Advertisement
Do n't forget to check out our David X. Cohen interview as well .
[ EW - Thanks Daniel ! ]
While this is by no means the first time we 've seen a robotic snake prototype , it ain't every day that we find one so close to deployment .
This self - propelling , two foot long robot can crawl along the ground , climb through debris , and even stand erect to give the operator a better view through the forward - mounted camera .
The Israeli Defense Force says it will use this thing for " routine surveillance and reconnaissance . "
And if this is not enough ?
In that case , the prototype can be wired with explosives -- making it , in the words of the Jerusalem Post , a " suicide snake . "
Fun !
And rather upsetting .
No proposed price or timetable yet , but you can see the thing in action for yourself after the break .
This is a reminder post for all the Windows 7 users still on the beta ( build 7000 ) that was leaked in December 2008 and officially given out to the public in January 2009 .
Bi-hourly shutdowns of this build will begin on July 1 , 2009 .
This means that the user will be told to install a released version of Windows and their PC will shut down automatically every two hours .
On August 1 , 2009 if you are still on the Windows 7 beta , your license will expire and the non-genuine experience will be triggered .
Your wallpaper will be removed and " This copy of Windows is not genuine " will be displayed in the lower right corner above the taskbar .
If you want to continue testing Vista 's successor , we recommend moving over to the Windows 7 Release Candidate ( build 7100 ) that was released to the public in May 2009 .
The RC will only be available to download until August 15 , 2009 .
Those using the Windows 7 RC do not have to worry until March 1 , 2010 and June 1 , 2010 , the dates for bi-hourly shutdowns and expiration , respectively .
Considering Windows 7 will be generally available in October 2009 , this will give users a lot of time to move over to the RTM code .
Abnormal noises could affect growth and feeding of the goats , officials say A large number of goats in Taiwan may have died of exhaustion because of noise from a wind farm .
A farmer on an outlying island told the BBC he had lost more than 400 animals after eight giant wind turbines were installed close to his grazing land .
The Council of Agriculture says it suspects that noise may have caused the goats ' demise through lack of sleep .
The power company , Taipower , has offered to pay for part of the costs of building a new farmhouse elsewhere .
A spokesman for the company said the cause of the goats ' deaths still needed to be investigated , but that it doubted the goats died from the noise .
One night I went out to the farmhouse and the goats were all standing up ; they were n't sleeping
Farmer Kuo Jing - shan
Before the wind farm was built about four years ago , farmer Kuo Jing - shan had about 700 goats .
Shortly after the electricity - generating turbines were installed , the 57 - year - old says his animals started to die .
He now has just 250 goats left .
Penghu is notorious for its strong howling winds .
Mr Kuo said the stronger the wind , the louder the machines became .
" The goats looked skinny and they were n't eating .
One night I went out to the farmhouse and the goats were all standing up ; they were n't sleeping .
" I did n't know why .
If I had known , I would 've done something to stop the dying , " he told the BBC's Cindy Sui in Taiwan .
Plausible A local livestock inspector from the agriculture council said that Mr Kuo was the only farmer to have reported such large - scale deaths .
He said his claim was plausible because of all the farmers in the Penghu archipelago , his farm was closest to the wind turbines - only 40 m away .
" Abnormal noises could affect the normal growth and feeding intake of animals and cause them to suffer sleep deprivation , " Lu Ming - tseng said .
Mr Kuo said the power company had offered to help him move but that there would be no compensation for the loss of his goats .
" It 's a pain to relocate , but what can I do .
I ca n't survive with the wind turbines , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON , May 26 ( UPI ) -- Wal - Mart Stores Inc. failed to protect a security guard who was knocked down and crushed by a crowd during a sale , the U.S. Labor Department said Tuesday .
Inspection by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration found that the chain did not have adequate crowd control at times when managers could expect an unusual number of shoppers , officials said in a news release .
The guard died the day after Thanksgiving when the doors of a store in Valley Stream , N.Y. , opened for a " Blitz Friday " sale .
Advertisement
" This was an unusual situation but not an unforeseen one , " said Anthony Ciuffo , OSHA 's acting area director for Long Island , N.Y .
" The store should have recognized , based on prior ' Blitz Friday ' experiences , the need to implement effective crowd management to protect its employees . "
The citation carries a penalty of $ 7,000 .
Wal - Mart has 15 business days to pay , contest the citation or request an informal conference .
See these two screws on the left ?
Think of the little screw as AIG bonuses .
That big nasty long screw is AIG funneling $ 183 billion dollars of your money to foreign banks and to banks that already have wads of cash on hand .
Those two screw jobs are not even to scale because the large screw would go past the page .
Look those two screws over .
Now which one do you believe Populist outrage should be focused on ?
So we are all outraged over AIG bonuses .
Now lets amplify that outrage to the scale of the ripoff .
The bonuses are only 0.001 of the real ripoff that just happened .
Your tax dollars were funneled through AIG to foreign banks and to U.S. banks for worthless assets .
Your own blind rage is a smoke screen , being used by media elites so you do not see the real screw job going on .
In an Instapopulist earlier we showed the AIG payout disclosure .
Now I want to amplify those payouts .
In the attached file AIG lists payouts to counter parties .
What happened ?
Basically a bunch of companies placed bets , called credit default swaps , that home mortgages were n't so great and would probably go bust .
AIG ( Financial Products ) , as the great global gambling hall , allowed these bets to be placed .
Then AIG got a huge mega wad of cash from the government so they could pay out on these casino hall winnings instead of going bankrupt .
Banks who won big are foreign banks and of course Goldman Sachs , former Treasury Secretary Paulson 's former company .
Think it 's about unfreezing credit markets for you and me ?
Think it 's about contracts ?
Do n't you remember something about other nations taking care of their own banking system ?
Do you believe the United States should prop up the entire globe or payout U.S. taxpayer money to other nations ?
Contracts are broken all of the time and considering this is U.S. taxpayer money footing the bill to pay for the below banks gambling bets , yeah , a nation can break such outrageous contracts .
This is especially true considering these very institutions are getting billions of your money from the TARP and Federal Reserve .
Did you know Goldman Sachs bought an energy speculation firm while receiving TARP funds ?
The Wall Street Journal put together an image to show you how this Ponzi scheme works :
Michael Hudson is calling for the Populist Outrage to demand the $ 183 billion back .
Realize these payouts were not necessary for counter parties solvency .
Which begs the next question from Paul Craig Roberts , Is the Bail Out a scam ?
Indeed , AIG demanded another $ 30 billion in bail out funds by claiming systemic risk .
In other words if we do not get the money , you all go down .
But it appears they have intermingled their solid businesses of insurance with the Ponzi scheme AIGFP unit .
So , where is the proof that this is true , that simply letting the AIGFP be cut loose and go die it's own insolvency death would cause a global economic collapse ?
While we have covered this topics previously , the incredible spin machine called 24/7 cable media pounding on the bonuses in addition to this Naked Capitalism 's guest post , the mother of all scams , inspired me to link all of these facts together and try to amplify the true magnitude of the screws .
We are looking at trillions of U.S. taxpayer dollars to pay for bad bets by Wall Street .
The CBO has now said we are at unsustainable deficits .
The recent actions of the Federal Reserve has caused the United Nations to recommend removing the U.S. dollar as the worlds reserve currency .
Even more importantly , it is now highly questionable how necessary any of these bail out plans were .
Finally , the many experts to us little ole ' laypeople to Congress representatives have been screaming from the rooftops with detailed alternative plans that actually make sense .
By ignoring these many experts and their calls is putting the United States at grave risk in my view .
This month , we ’ve got some good stuff for you .
Coming your way is all the usual , including :
* Command and Conquer – Shell History .
* How To : Test Drive VirtualBox , Increase Game Speed In X ,
and Inkscape – Part 2 .
* My Story – Why I Converted To Linux .
* My Opinion – First Experience Of Kubuntu .
* Book Review – Beginning OpenOffice 3 , one copy up for grabs !
* MOTU Interview – Guillaume Martres .
* Top 5 – Games You ’ve Never Heard Of .
* PLUS : all the usual goodness !
Football commentator Rex Hunt has been given a 12 - month community based order after breaking a cyclist 's finger in Melbourne last year .
Hunt was found guilty last week of causing reckless injury during a road rage incident at Elwood .
No conviction was recorded but Hunt will have to complete 100 hours of unpaid community work over the next year .
Outside court Rex Hunt said he was glad the case has been resolved .
" I 'm glad it 's over , I did n't want it to start , but I 'll just get on with my life like I do every speed hump and away we go , " he said .
" But I 'm happy with the system that we operate under and I accept the judge 's decision and I 'm reasonably happy with the result . "
During his trial ,
Hunt told the court the cyclist tried to headbutt him and punch him .
Hunt had testified that he was concerned for his safety and used reasonable force to protect himself .
During the trial the cyclist had testified that Hunt 's car had swerved towards him and Hunt then broke his index finger in an unprovoked attack .
My husband and I have been watching The Sopranos recently ( yes , I ’m apparently 10 years behind the curve here ) , and I can only listen to the characters talk about manicotti and baked ziti so many times before I get a serious craving for some Italian food .
It got me thinking to a public television cooking show I saw a while ago , Lidia ’s Italy .
I remember she made a lasagna that used bread instead of noodles , and it struck me as brilliant .
I know making pasta is n’t hard , but there ’s something about boiling lasagna noodles that is a huge pain in the ass .
They ’re huge , you must not over cook them , you have to prevent them from sticking to each other after draining …
I do n’t know , maybe I ’m just lazy , but the idea of using bread really caught my attention .
Of course , I could n’t find Lydia ’s recipe to go from , so this version is totally made up by me .
But not only do I want to credit her for general inspiration , she also has an Italian cooking show , so she gives my crazy bread lasagna some legitimacy .
Maybe .
Shhh .
The easiest thing to use is a loaf of pre-sliced , crusty sourdough .
I know I recommend sourdough for everything , but really , it ’s awesome in this dish .
You want the favor , of course , but you also want a sturdy “ artisan ” type bread that wo n’t fall apart in the oven .
This is n’t a job for sliced sandwich bread .
It ’s best with bread that is even perhaps a little stale .
Look for a quality sliced loaf in the day old section of your grocer and save a buck or two .
You can put absolutely anything in this lasagna .
I picked eggplants because I had three of them .
I think they are lovely in this , so I recommend them , but really , stuff this with whatever you like or whatever is handy .
Rustic Bread & Eggplant Lasagna
Serves 9-12
3 Tbs Olive Oil
4 - 6 Cloves Garlic , minced ( optional )
2 28 oz Cans Organic Tomatoes , blended
2 tsp Salt
4 tsp Dried Italian Herbs
Olive Oil , for drizzling
2 - 3 Medium Eggplants , peeled
8 -10 Large Slices of Sourdough Bread
1 Cup Breadcrumbs ( or 2 more pieces of bread for toasting and food processing )
1 - 2 Large , Ripe Tomatoes , fresh , for garnish
Basil , for garnish
In a very large skillet with high sides , or a sauce pan , heat the olive oil over medium high heat .
Sweat the garlic for 1 - 2 minutes , then add tomatoes , salt , and herbs .
Cook for 30 minutes ( bubbling ) , stirring occasionally .
Invert a mesh strainer over the top of the pan to prevent splatter , if desired .
Preheat oven to 400 º F .
Meanwhile , prep two baking sheets with parchment paper .
Peel the eggplants by slicing off the top and bottom and using the cut edge to start your vegetable peeler .
Holding the eggplant vertically , cut the eggplants into 1/2 inch slices .
Arrange in one layer on a baking sheet .
Sprinkle with salt and drizzle liberally with olive oil .
Bake eggplant for 30 - 40 minutes at 400 º , turning once , until very , very soft and browned in some places .
Spray both sides of each slice of bread with spray oil and “ grill ” in a hot skillet until browned on both sides .
You can also simply toast the bread , but I think you get more flavor with grilling .
In a large baking dish ( a lasagna dish ) , spread 1 1/2 cups of tomato sauce .
Line the bottom of the dish with bread , filling as many as the gaps as possible without overlapping .
Place half of the eggplant on top of the bread , followed by another 1 to 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce .
Add a second layer of bread .
Add the second half of the eggplant , and all of the remaining sauce .
Make sure that the bread is completely covered by sauce .
Sprinkle breadcrumbs over the top .
Place fresh tomato slices on the top of the lasagna , sprinkled with salt and pepper .
Bake for 40 minutes at 400 º F . Remove from oven and let rest 10 minutes before cutting .
Top with basil leaves and drizzle sweet and thick balsamic vinegar ( or balsamic syrup ) on the plate if desired .
Enjoy !
FISA - court authorizations for national security and counter - terrorism wiretaps dropped last year by almost 300 , a new Justice Department report to Congress shows .
But the FBI 's use of " national security letters " to get information on Americans without a court order increased dramatically , from 16,804 in 2007 to 24,744 in 2008 .
The 2008 requests targeted 7,225 U.S. people .
This is still much lower than the number of NSLs issued in 2006 – more than 49,000 – but indicates that the FBI 's reliance on the self - authorized subpoenas is rebounding , after audits in 2006 and 2007 revealed the bureau had been abusing the tool .
The new seven - page report ( .pdf ) was submitted to Congress last Thursday .
National security letters ( NSL ) are written demands from the FBI that compel internet service providers , credit companies , financial institutions and others to hand over confidential records about their customers , such as subscriber information , phone numbers and e-mail addresses , websites visited and more .
NSLs have been used since the 1980s , but the Patriot Act expanded the kinds of records that could be obtained with an NSL .
They do not require court approval , and come with a built - in lifetime gag order .
With an NSL , the FBI need merely assert that the information is " relevant " to an investigation , and anyone who gets a national security letter is prohibited from disclosing that they 've received the request .
The FBI 's use of NSLs has been sharply criticized .
In 2007 , a Justice Department Inspector General audit found that the FBI , which issued almost 200,000 NSLs between 2003 and 2006 , had abused its authority and misused NSLs .
The inspector general found that the FBI evaded limits on ( and sometimes illegally issued ) NSLs to obtain phone , e-mail and financial information on American citizens , and under - reported the use of NSLs to Congress .
About 60 percent of a sample of the FBI 's NSLs did not conform to Justice Department rules , and another 22 percent possibly violated the statute because they made improper requests of businesses or involved unauthorized collections of information .
The audit also criticized the FBI for improperly tracking its use of NSLs .
Subsequently , the number of NSLs issued in 2007 dramatically dropped from 49,000 to 16,000 .
The new 2009 DoJ report submitted to Congress last week and obtained by Secrecy News addresses these earlier issues by assuring legislators that the FBI has put in a number of corrective actions .
According to the report , the FBI replaced the database it used for tracking NSLs , which " has reduced errors in compiling statistics necessary for Congressional reporting . "
The report says the FBI also issued a number of " corrective NSLs " to " provide legal authority to retain information it had previously received " for so - called " exigent " requests and " blanket NSLs " .
Exigent requests involve an informal emergency request to a business to voluntarily hand over information until a more formal NSL can be issued to cover the request .
For example , the FBI reviewed the circumstances around more than 4,000 phone numbers it obtained through NSLs to determine if proper legal process was used to obtain them .
If the review team could n't find documentation that proper legal process was followed or if the process was insufficient , but the team determined the phone number was relevant to a national security investigation , the agency issued a corrective NSL for the data .
If not , then the agency purged the collected data from its database .
The DoJ report to Congress only briefly discusses FISA applications for electronic surveillance and physical surveillance related to foreign intelligence investigations .
According to the document , authorities submitted 2,082 so - called " FISA applications " to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court last year .
But the court , which evaluates such requests , approved 2,083 FISA applications in 2008 – the discrepancy is because two applications submitted in 2007 were approved in 2008 and are counted in 2008 figures .
The court rejected one application in 2008 and made unspecified " substantive modifications " to two others .
By contrast , in 2007 , the court approved 2,370 FISA applications , denied three and part of a fourth application , and modified 86 applications .
( Hat tip : Secrecy News )
See also :
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - The United States risks a Japan - style lost decade of growth if it does not take aggressive action to stimulate its economy and clean up its banking system , Nobel Prize - winning economist Paul Krugman said on Monday .
“ We ’re doing half - measures that help the economy limp along without fully recovering , and we ’re having measures that help the banks survive without really thriving , ” Krugman said .
“ We ’re doing what the Japanese did in the nineties , ” he told a small group of reporters during a visit to Beijing .
He said it was not clear that China would suffer sub -par growth as a consequence of the fallout of the present crisis .
“ I ’m mostly worried that the U.S. and the euro zone will have Japanese - type lost decades , ” he said .
Krugman said he expected little or no employment growth this year or next in the United States , where the jobless rate in April hit a 25 - year high of 8.9 percent .
“ A second stimulus is becoming clearly urgent .
They need a very , very strong stimulus , ” said Krugman , a Princeton University professor and a New York Times columnist .
He said stress tests carried out on 19 leading U.S. banks had bought time for the administration of Barack Obama , but they had not answered the key question of whether the banks have enough capital to fulfill their key role in the economy .
“ It ’s clear the administration wo n’t take radical action to strengthen the banks any time soon , ” he said .
To have done so would have meant temporarily nationalizing Citigroup and , perhaps , Bank of America , he said .
Krugman gave credit to China for vigorously implementing its own economic stimulus plan but said he had detected no commitment by Beijing to switch to a domestic demand - driven growth model that would reduce its excess savings .
“ It ’s very hard to see how the world has a full recovery if China continues to run current account surpluses of 10 percent of GDP , ” he said .
If China ’s big external surpluses persist alongside high U.S. unemployment and low European growth , political friction will ensue .
“ Something will have to give , and it wo n’t be pretty . ”
Krugman said China should not be in a rush to make the yuan , or renminbi ( RMB ) , fully convertible or to liberalize its capital account ; countries at a similar stage of development that have scrapped capital controls have run into trouble , he noted .
“ I ’m not sure we ’re talking about a full - floating RMB , ” Krugman said .
“ But an appreciation of the RMB , though it ’s not what China wants to hear right now , is going to be necessary . ”
View Transcript
Transcript
The boss : " I do n't understand anything you do , so I assume it 's all useless . "
Dilbert : " Maybe you could go to M.I.T. and get a degree in engineering so you would understand what I do . "
The boss : " Would that be easier than not giving you a raise ? "
The global reordering of the auto industry took a big step forward on Friday as an unlikely alliance led by Magna International , a Canadian auto parts maker , and Sberbank of Russia tentatively agreed to buy the European operations of General Motors .
The deal was brokered by the German government in Berlin , with negotiations stretching from Moscow to Washington , Detroit , Ontario and New York , where G.M. ’s board gathered for a meeting ahead of an expected bankruptcy filing on Monday .
With sales plunging to levels not seen in decades , auto companies are seeking refuge in mergers or bankruptcy court .
Other companies , like Magna and Fiat , are seeing opportunities in beaten - down automakers , hoping to buy them or form alliances on the cheap .
The deal in Germany will have ripple effects in the United States .
Fiat had hoped to grow into a top - tier global company virtually overnight , with its nearly completed alliance with Chrysler and by buying G.M. of Europe , which includes Opel of Germany as well as the British auto company Vauxhall .
Former Governor , Navy SEAL and professional wrestler , Jesse Ventura , has been making the rounds recently promoting his new book .
He ’s been on The View , The Howard Stern Show , Sean Hannity ’s show , Fox & Friends , etc .
He also sat down with The Huffington Post for an interview in which he offered a $ 1,000 bet that if he were to waterboard Sean Hannity , he ’d get Hannity to say that Barack Obama is the greatest president .
“ I ’ll bet [ Hannity ] a thousand bucks that I can get him to say ‘ Barack Obama is the greatest president ’ — if I get him to say it , he ’ll give the thousand to charity and if I can ’t , I ’ll give the money to charity . ”
Ventura also mentioned that he wants to go on The O’Reilly Factor , but Bill O’Reilly does n’t have the courage to have him as a guest .
Original Story
Share this article
Thanks to fellow handler Jason for reminding me about the following common Apache misconception .
This is not an Apache bug , or a misconfiguration per se .
It is more an error of the operator not to read the manual .
In order to use PHP , or other modules in Apache , you typically use a configuration directive like :
LoadModule php4_module modules / libphp4.so
AddType application / x- httpd- php .php
The misconception is about the " .php " part .
Many , even experienced , Apache administrators believe that this will enable the PHP module for all files ending in " .php " .
Close , but wrong .
It will enable php for all files that contain . php .
For example , test.php.1 will be parsed using php , or something .
php.bak .
At first , this is actually a good thing .
the .bak file will not leak source code .
However , the issue becomes a very bad thing if you allow users to upload files .
Now it is no longer sufficient to test if the extension is . php .
A users could upload test .
php.gif and the file would still be parsed by PHP .
This brings me to my checklist about how to upload files :
do not use the user provided filename , come up with your own random / artificial filename .
upload the files into one directory only , which is outside the DocumentRoot .
carefully validate that the mime type provided by the user matches the mime type received .
to retrieve the file , use a wrapper page ( which can then also do access control ) .
establish maximum file sizes and enforce them on the server .
avoid anonymous uploads if you can .
use AV scanners to check the file before you allow access ot the file .
( there is a section about this in my php course ) .
also see : http://httpd.apache.org/docs/1.3/mod/mod_mime.html#multipleext
------
Johannes B. Ullrich , Ph.D .
SANS Technology Institute - twitter : http://twitter.com/johullrich
Brick by brick , Lego has been building its way out of the near bankruptcy it suffered around the turn of the century .
It has done this by a seemingly simple strategy — making awesome product after awesome product .
Now it is releasing the almost ridiculously fitting Architecture series , beginning with the Frank Lloyd Wright Collection , six planned sets including the Guggenheim in New York and Fallingwater , the iconic cantilevered waterfall - house outside Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
This , we do n’t need to tell you , is inspired .
Real bricks turned into Lego bricks .
The sets are as yet unpriced , but are unlikely to be cheap .
The Lego Taj Mahal , for instance , is $ 300 .
What ’s better is that this is just the beginning of Lego ’s Architecture series , as we can see from the teaser on the product page .
We ’ll put in a vote for Le Corbusier right now ( as a bonus , his buildings should be pretty easy to construct in Lego ) .
Available now , if you can make it to the Frank Lloyd Wright exhibition at the Guggenheim .
UPDATE .
The sets are priced at $ 45 , plus shipping from $ 10 to $ 25 depending on how far way from the US you live .
I have added a link to the online store below .
Fun Lego Facts :
Worldwide , seven boxes of Lego are sold every second .
Heo Young - Ho of South Korea left Lego on the top of Mount Everest in 1987 .
According to Lego , even just two bricks give 24 different combinations .
All Legos are made equal .
Every brick is compatible from the first brick made in 1958 ( the year before the Guggenheim was completed and Wright died ) to those made today .
The Lego minifig was born in 1974 , and it took another 30 years for them to get proper , skin- colored faces when licensed figures dropped yellow for flesh - tone .
Kids waste around 5 billion hours a year playing with Lego .
I once got a Lego brick stuck in my nose and it took almost half a day to sneeze it out .
Product page [ Lego ]
Online store [ Brick Structures .
Thanks , John ! ]
Frank Lloyd Wright LEGO
Sets ( and press release ) [ Prairie Mod via The Coolist ]
New Media
What Do Americans Want ?
Legal Pot , White House Online Survey Reports
Updated 1:29 p.m.
By Dan Eggen
Forget about the economic crisis , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and saving Social Security :
An online opinion survey released by the White House this week ranks legalizing pot , playing online poker and cracking down on Scientologists as far more important issues .
The results are part of a " Citizen 's Briefing Book , " which compiles the results of an online project launched by President Obama 's transition office to solicit policy ideas from the citizenry .
More than 125,000 users submitted 1.4 million votes during the wide - open process , leading to results that clearly do not align with recent scientific polling .
Legalizing marijuana , for example , ranked as the most popular issue .
Ending federal prosecutions for medicinal marijuana also ranked high , as did ending the war on drugs .
" We must stop imprisoning responsible adult citizens choosing to use a drug that has been mislabeled for over 70 years , " said one respondent named " Matt . "
This is not the first time that Obama has been hounded by Web - proficient marijuana supporters .
One of the most popular questions submitted to an " online town hall " hosted by Obama in March was whether legalizing marijuana would help grow the economy ; the president said he did n't think it was a good strategy .
As might be obvious from the results , this was not a scientific survey .
Online , opt - in surveys such as this one are not generated using a random sample of Americans , which is necessary to take a representative measure of public sentiment .
In the most recent Gallup polling on the most important problem facing the nation , the economy continued to hold the top spot , with 76 percent citing it as their top priority .
No other issue was mentioned by more than seven percent of adults nationwide .
In contrast , a large number of participants in the " citizen 's briefing " survey called for an end to the tax - exempt status for the Church of Scientology , perhaps best known as the unconventional religion of choice for Tom Cruise , John Travolta and other Hollywood actors .
" It is my belief , and the belief of thousands of other Americans , that the Church of Scientology is a dangerous , for - profit organization , " wrote someone dubbed " azure . "
And the number one technology issue facing America ?
The need to legalize online poker gambling , of course .
" Poker players around the country are speaking with one voice to protect the game they love , and the White House is hearing that message , " John Pappas , executive director of the Poker Players Alliance , said in a news release boasting about the results .
He added that the result " proves that this is not a niche issue , but a national public policy that this Congress and this president should advance this year . "
The new White House briefing book does include many traditional political issues , including calls to pull troops out of Iraq , close down the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and investigate " potential war crimes " by the Bush administration , as someone named " Fish " wrote in one entry .
Vague calls to increase " openness and transparency " and " bring back the Constitution " were also popular .
The White House , of course , focused on suggestions that dovetail with their own priorities .
In a video accompanying the release of the briefing book on Monday , Obama said : " Many of the ideas you offer , from improving light rail transit to modernizing our energy grid to creating a new service corps , have been embraced by my administration . "
The most popular sentiment in the " homeland security " category was the demand : " No More Wars on Abstract Concepts . "
As it happens , Obama and his aides have largely stopped using the " war on terrorism " phrase so prevalent under George W. Bush .
Posted at 1:20 PM ET on May 13 , 2009 | Category : New Media
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous : With Credit Card Bill Vote Thurs. , White House Makes a Push | Next : Obama Reverses Position on Release of Detainee Abuse Photos
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : txpeloton | May 17 , 2009 1:58 PM
Posted by : WhatTthisAmericanWants | May 16 , 2009 6:50 PM
Posted by : HappyTim | May 15 , 2009 5:44 PM
Posted by : pjwrites | May 15 , 2009 2:36 PM
Posted by : SAINT --- The | May 14 , 2009 1:07 PM
Posted by : iseewutudidthere | May 14 , 2009 9:58 AM
Posted by : MrGrug | May 14 , 2009 9:03 AM
Posted by : timdd | May 14 , 2009 2:19 AM
Posted by : drtodd1977 | May 13 , 2009 8:23 PM
Posted by : reefersmoke | May 13 , 2009 4:54 PM
Posted by : adrienne_najjar | May 13 , 2009 3:53 PM
Posted by : PR420 | May 13 , 2009 3:33 PM
Posted by : mycroftt | May 13 , 2009 3:22 PM
Posted by : spro | May 13 , 2009 3:10 PM
Posted by : boboberg | May 13 , 2009 2:43 PM
Posted by : thomasxstewart1 | May 13 , 2009 2:37 PM
Posted by : goaway41 | May 13 , 2009 2:35 PM
Posted by : fredpage6002 | May 13 , 2009 2:35 PM
Posted by : winoohno | May 13 , 2009 2:31 PM
Posted by : Poopy_McPoop | May 13 , 2009 2:20 PM
Posted by : JakeD | May 13 , 2009 1:46 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Performance optimization :
The first thing to do
In the last couple of years , I ’ve done a lot of performance optimization .
I ’ve optimized raw C , Python and PHP code .
I ’ve optimized databases : tweaked settings , memory usage , caches , SQL code , the query analyzer , hardware and indexes .
I ’ve optimized templates for disk I/O , compilation and rendering .
I ’ve optimize various caches and all kinds of other stuff like VMWare configurations .
As I ’ve done a lot of optimization , I ’ve noticed a couple of things .
One of these things is how persons in different roles look at optimization :
Programmers always want to optimize the code .
The code is n’t optimal , and a lot of speed can be gained from optimizing the code .
This usually boils down to optimizing algorithms to be more efficient with either CPU cycles or memory .
In contrast to the programmer , the system administrator always wants to tweak the configuration of either the Operating System , the application itself , or some piece of middle - ware in between .
Meanwhile , managers always want to optimize the hardware .
“ Developer time is more expensive than hardware ” , they quip , so they decide to throw money at faster and more hardware , instead of letting the developer optimize the code .
What none of them realise is that they ’re all wrong .
None of these approaches are any good .
When it comes to optimizations , all of the people above are stuck in their own little world .
Of course managers just love the fact that programmers “ do n’t understand cost versus benefit ” , and a nice saying such as “ Developer time is more expensive than hardware ” has a really nice ring to it .
Managers have a high - level view of the application ’s eco-system , and so they search for the solution in the cheapest component : hardware .
Programmers , on the other hand , know the system from a very low - level point of view .
And they naturally love the fact that managers do n’t understand technology .
They are intimately familiar with the code of their application , or the database running behind it , and so they know a lot of its weak spots .
Of course , they ’ll assume the optimization is best performed there .
The system Systems administrators have limited options either way , so they stick to what they can influence : configuration .
An excellent example of this is a recent post on the JoelOnSoftware blog .
I ’ll recap the main points I ’d like to illustrate here :
One of the FogBugz developers complained that compiling was pretty slow ( about 30 seconds ) . [ … ]
He asked if it would be OK if someone spent a few weeks looking for ways to parallelize and speed it up , since we all have multiple CPU cores and plenty of memory . [… ]
I thought it might be a good idea to just try throwing money at the problem first , before we spent a lot of ( expensive and scarce ) developer time . [… ] so I thought I ’d experiment with replacing some of the hard drives around here with solid state , flash hard drives to see if that helped .
Suddenly everything was faster .
Booting , launching apps … even Outlook is ready to use in about 1 second .
This was a really great upgrade .
But … compile time .
Hmm .
That was n’t much better .
I got it down from 30 seconds to … 30 seconds .
Our compiler is single threaded , and , I guess , a lot more CPU - bound than IO bound .
This is an excellent example of how a manager would try to solve optimization problems .
At the start of the quote we see the typical way a developer would tackle the problem : parallelize and speed up .
In other words : low - level optimizations .
Now it turns out Joel was wrong .
Solid State disks did n’t help at all , since their problem was n’t with disk I / O at all .
But that does n’t mean the developer was right either !
I like to see it as a kind of Schrödinger ’s Cat situation : both are wrong , until one is proven right .
Why is that ?
Because they have no idea what the problem is !.
All they ’re doing is guessing away at the problem in the hopes of finding out what exactly will solve it , without having any clue about the actual problem !
We can see this quite clearly : after having dismissed disk I/O as the problem , they assume it must be because “ our compiler is single threaded , and , I guess , a lot more CPU - bound than IO bound . ” .
Again , they jump to conclusions without knowing what the problem is .
So now they might not only waste a lot of time on solid state disks without fixing the problem , but they ’re about to spend weeks of developer time without knowing if that will fix the problem .
So , here is my point :
The most important thing about optimization is analysis .
You ca n’t fix a problem by simply trying different solutions to see if they work .
In order to fix a problem , you have to understand the problem first .
So , please , if you ’re a developer , do n’t assume saving a couple of CPU cycles here or there will solve the problem .
And if you ’re a manager , do n’t assume some new hardware will solve the problem .
Do some analysis first .
Finding out if disk I/O , memory , CPU cycles or single threading is the problem is really not that hard if you spend a little time thinking about it and benchmarking various things .
And in the end , you ’ll have a much better overview of the situation and the problem , and you ’ll be able to come up with specific solutions which will actually work .
And that ’s how you save money .
Story Highlights • Pelosi says president wo n't get " blank check " from Congress
• President Bush vetoes $ 124 billion war spending measure
• Bill includes timetable for the withdrawal of U.S. troops
• Veto comes on fourth anniversary of aircraft - carrier speech
Adjust font size :
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Four years to the day after standing on the deck of an aircraft carrier and declaring " major combat operations " in Iraq were over , President Bush on Tuesday vetoed a war - spending bill that calls for the start of a withdrawal of American combat troops from the conflict .
" It makes no sense to tell the enemy when you plan to start withdrawing .
All the terrorists would have to do is mark their calendars .
...
Setting a deadline for withdrawal is setting a date for failure , and that would be irresponsible , " Bush said in a televised address after the veto .
" I recognize that many Democrats saw this bill as an opportunity to make a political statement about their opposition to the war , " Bush said .
" They 've sent their message , and now it is time to put politics behind us and support our troops with the funds they need . "
( Watch Bush explain why he vetoed the bill )
The president invited the congressional leadership to the White House on Wednesday to discuss a compromise .
After the speech , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada , said the ball was now in Bush 's court .
" Now he has an obligation to explain his plan to responsibly end this war , " Reid said .
" If the president thinks [ that ] by vetoing this bill he 'll stop us from working to change the direction of the war in Iraq , he is mistaken , " Reid added .
Standing beside Reid , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - California , said : " The president wants a blank check .
The Congress is not going to give it to him . "
Both Democratic leaders said they would discuss a compromise .
" We look forward to working with the president to find common ground , " Pelosi said .
" But there is great distance between us right now . "
( Watch Democratic leaders speak at signing ceremony )
Before sending the bill to the president Tuesday afternoon , Democratic congressional leaders urged Bush to sign the bill and begin winding down the war .
" A veto means denying our troops the resources and the strategy they need , " Reid said earlier in the day .
" After more than four years of a failed policy , it 's time for Iraq to take responsibility for its own future . "
The spending bill , which Congress passed last week , funds military operations in Afghanistan and Iraq , but it also calls for the withdrawal of U.S. troops beginning in October , with the goal of getting all U.S. combat forces out of Iraq by the end of March 2008 .
Administration officials have said the money is urgently needed -- and that Democrats would be to blame for any hardships suffered by U.S. troops and their families .
But the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service has concluded that the Pentagon could wage war through July without additional funding .
Bush and his Republican allies in Congress call the withdrawal timetable contained in the bill an admission of defeat .
Bush declared an end to " major combat " in Iraq in a May 1 , 2003 , speech from the deck of the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln .
However , U.S. troops have been battling an ongoing insurgency since then , and more than 3,300 Americans have died in Iraq since that address .
( Watch how things have changed since that speech )
White House spokeswoman Dana Perino accused congressional Democrats of " a trumped - up political stunt " by sending the bill to the president on the anniversary of his speech .
Bush : Failure ' unacceptable to the civilized world '
The president returned to Washington on Tuesday afternoon after a visit to U.S. Central Command headquarters at MacDill Air Force Base , outside Tampa , Florida .
He told American and allied military officers there that a U.S. failure in the four - year - old war " should be unacceptable to the civilized world . "
Bush said the current push to pacify Baghdad and the western province of Anbar has produced progress , but will need several months to succeed .
He said the United States and its allies were faced with a choice at the end of 2006 -- tamp down the wave of sectarian killings that followed the February 2006 bombing of the al - Askariya Mosque in Samarra , a revered Shiite Muslim shrine , or withdraw .
" Withdrawal would have increased the probability that coalition troops would be forced to return to Iraq one day and confront an enemy that is even more dangerous , " Bush said .
" Failure in Iraq should be unacceptable to the civilized world .
The risks are enormous . "
The war is now widely unpopular at home , with 32 percent of Americans in a recent CNN poll supporting the conflict and 60 percent siding with Congress on the issue .
The veto is the second of Bush 's presidency .
The first , in July 2006 , killed a bill that would have expanded federal funding for embryonic stem - cell research .
New bill in the works
A compromise bill being worked on would strip out the troop removal language and replace it with a series of benchmarks to measure the progress of the Iraqi government .
The benchmarks would include passing laws related to the sharing of oil revenue and national reconciliation and reducing sectarian violence -- benchmarks that Bush himself has publicly pressed the Iraqis to meet .
However , the big question facing lawmakers and the White House is what happens if those benchmarks are n't met .
Many Democrats and some Republicans support setting out consequences , but the White House opposes the idea , which Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Sunday would " tie our own hands " and reduce the United States ' " flexibility " in Iraq .
A senior Republican lawmaker , working behind the scenes with senators from both parties , has suggested a possible way to bridge that gap -- requiring troops to be withdrawn if the benchmarks are n't met but allowing the president to waive that requirement if he chooses .
CNN 's Dana Bash and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
It ’s no iPhone - killer , but the launch this weekend of Palm Inc ’s “ Pre ” could well become the brightest event this year for a gloomy industry .
The new Palm Pre smartphone is displayed at the CTIA Wireless 2009 convention in Las Vegas , Nevada April 2 , 2009 .
Reuters / David Becker
Palm Inc ’s smartphone may not attract lines around the block like past Apple Inc iPhone launches .
But its launch will be seen as a badly needed shot of adrenaline for Palm and exclusive provider Sprint Nextel Corp .
Plenty could go wrong .
Executives have warned of shortages .
Scathing reviews could smother not just Palm ’s hopes , but also Sprint’s .
And investors might have to wait a long time for the device to boost Palm ’s financials .
But the hope is Pre -- with touchscreen control , a slide - out keyboard and an operating system designed for trendy Web services such as social networks -- wows consumers enough to stem Palm ’s loss of market share and customer defections at Sprint .
Since the Pre made its debut at the Consumer Electronics show in January , excitement over the device has intensified .
Even arch rivals Verizon Wireless and AT&T Inc both say they want to sell it after Sprint ’s exclusivity runs out at the year ’s end .
If it takes off , Palm may even be an acquisition target .
“ If you ’re buying ( Palm shares ) now , definitely what you ’re looking at is that they ’re going to have the most valuable asset in the industry .
At some point , somebody will want to pay a premium for that , ” Pacific Crest ’s James Faucette said .
“ From a products perspective , the impact on the market is probably as important as iPhone . ”
Sprint and Palm are David to Apple and AT&T ’s Goliath ,
with some casting Pre as the first credible iPhone rival .
Some analysts had fretted about the timing of Pre ’s June 6 launch , days before Apple is expected to unveil a new iPhone .
But several now see Apple announcing an iPhone that is not radically different from previous models .
About 623,000
Pres are expected to move in Palm ’s fiscal first quarter ending August , five analysts polled by Reuters said .
Estimates ranged from 500,000 to 865,000 phones .
That would be a fraction of Apple ’s launch - quarter sales of 6.89 million for the iPhone that started selling around the world last July .
But it ’s still an ambitious estimate for one phone at Palm , which had third - quarter phone sales of 482,000 .
“ My sense is that there will good pent - up demand , ” said Avian Securities analyst Matthew Thornton .
“ ( Palm ) is a company that ’s really gearing up for a complete product refresh . ”
SUPPLY SHORTAGES
There could be complications .
Top Sprint and Palm executives warned last week they may not meet initial demand .
That sparked some concern about manufacturing problems or difficulties getting display parts amid the current craze for touchscreens across the smartphone market .
“ Palm does n’t have a lot of negotiating power ” if supply is tight , said Global Crown Research analyst Tero Kuittinen .
Device shortages may pique desire for the device , but analysts worry Palm could miss out on sales if it is unable to ramp up supply quickly in the months following the launch .
“ For a lot of these models , demand can fade quickly and people move on to the next big thing , ” Kuittinen said .
“ It ’s always dangerous to launch with a thin volume because you really run the risk of leaving money on the table . ”
Palm shares rose 9 percent last Thursday after the surprise news that U.S. wireless service leader Verizon Wireless , a venture of Verizon Communications Inc and Vodafone Group Plc , plans to carry Pre .
That came a day after No. 2 U.S. mobile service AT&T said it wanted the device .
“ I look at this as Verizon and AT&T trying to kick sand in Sprint ’s face , ” said Macquarie Research analyst Phil Cusick .
The eventual consumer response will depend heavily on the tone of newspaper reviews , according to Cusick .
A lot also rides on Palm ’s new webOS operating system .
Faucette sees webOS trumping iPhone in multi-tasking -- the use several applications at the same time .
“ What ’ll be important when we see the reviews is not only what the device looks like , but how it works on the Sprint network , ” Cusick said , because a bad review could be a setback .
While reviewers raved about the iPhone , they were critical of AT&T ’s network .
The stakes are even higher for Sprint , whose Chief Executive , Dan Hesse , has been working over the past year to dispel a lingering reputation for poor network quality .
Even if Pre is well received , investors should not see Pre as a catapult back to profits for Palm , which is expected to double its quarterly loss to $ 93.08 million for its fiscal first quarter ended May , according Reuters Estimates .
“ Profits are still quite a way away , ” Cusick said .
“ If they can make the handset and the operating system a big success , people will feel good ” about an improvement in operating margins .
Analysts expect most of the first
Pre customers to be existing , loyal Sprint customers rather than consumers moving from rival services , especially now that Verizon Wireless said it hopes to have the phone in about six months .
“ A six - month wait is something most people will be able to tolerate .
Only the absolute gadget freak will have to have it immediately , ” Global Crown ’s Kuittinen added .
An unforeseen side - effect of the 1846 Oregon Treaty , life in this U.S. exclave moves at a much slower pace than on the mainland , but at the cost of some major conveniences .
Residents of Point Roberts have to drive over an hour and through two international border crossings just to see a dentist , seek medical attention , or even go to school past the 3rd grade !
Located only 30 minutes outside of downtown Vancouver , Point Roberts is also popular with vacationing Canadians for its relatively inexpensive real estate .
1
Despite its isolation from the rest of the country , this bastion of United Statehood actually has its own border crossing ( pictured above ) and is the self - proclaimed “ greatest gated community in the United States ” .
Though , if you think about it , is n’t it just like a small Alaska ?
2
There ’s more about Point Roberts at Wikipedia .
Thanks to Keith , Didier , Deron Husak , and Peter .
Gland , Switzerland :
The governments of Norway and Japan are using taxpayer money to subsidize their unprofitable whaling industries , according to a first - time analysis of the economics of whaling .
Sink or Swim : The Economics of Whaling Today found that Norway and Japan provide commercial whalers with huge government subsidies -- even though killing whales is unlikely to ever be profitable without taxpayer support .
" In this time of global economic crisis , the use of valuable tax dollars to prop up what is basically an economically unviable industry , is neither strategic , sustainable , nor an appropriate use of limited government funds , " said Dr Susan Lieberman , Species Programme Director , WWF International .
The analysis considers a range of direct and indirect costs associated with whaling and the processing and marketing of whale products , such as whale meat .
Researchers conclude that these costs , combined with declining demand for whale meat and the risk of negative impacts such as trade or tourism boycotts , make commercial whaling unlikely to produce benefits for either country 's economies or taxpayers .
In Norway , for example , the government since 1992 has spent more than US $ 4.9 million on public information , public relations , and lobbying campaigns to garner support for its whaling and seal hunting industries , according to the report .
In addition , government subsidies for the whaling industry have equaled almost half of the gross value of all whale meat landings made through the Rafisklaget , the Norwegian Fishermen 's Sales Organisation .
The report notes similar use of taxpayer funds by Japan .
During the 2008 - 09 season , the Japanese whaling industry , for example , needed US $ 12 million in taxpayer money just to break even .
Overall , Japanese subsidies for whaling amount to US $ 164 million since 1988 .
Other major findings in the report include :
Wholesale prices of whale meat per kg in Japan have been falling since 1994 , starting at just over $ 30/kg in 1994 , and declining to $ 16.40 in 2006 .
Norway has spent an additional US $ 10.5 million covering the costs of an inspection programme from 1993 until 2006 , when it was scrapped due to the losses it was causing the country 's whalers .
Japan and Norway , in defiance of the International Whaling Commission 's moratorium on commercial whaling , kill up to 2,000 whales a year , exploiting loopholes in the IWC 's founding treaty that allow whaling under ' objection ' to management decisions ( Norway ) and " scientific " whaling for research purposes ( Japan ) .
Ahead of the 61st IWC meeting next week , researchers point out that killing more whales likely would hurt whale - watching and tourism , trade , and the international image of Norway and Japan - impacts which would far outweigh any economic benefits of whaling .
" It is clear that whaling is heavily subsidised at present , " the report states .
" In both Japan and Norway , substantial funds are made available to prop up an operation which would otherwise be commercially marginal at best , and most likely loss making . "
" Norway and Japan are hurting tourism , a potential growth industry in both countries in order to spend millions of dollars obtaining whale meat , the sale of which makes no profit , " said Sue Fisher , WDCS US Policy Director .
" How much longer are they going to keep wasting their taxpayer 's money ? "
The analysis was conducted by independent economists eftec and commissioned by WWF and the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society .
IWC 61 is being held in Madeira , Portugal , from 22 - 26 June .
###
For further information :
Sarah Janicke , Species Communications Manager , WWF International , sjanicke@wwfint.org , +41 79 528 8641
Ian Morrison , Media Officer , WWF International , imorrison@wwfint.org , +41 79 874 6853
Emma Butler , Press Officer , WDCS UK , tel : 01249 449 534 , 07834 498 277 , emma.butler@wdcs.org
About WWF
WWF is one of the world 's largest and most respected independent conservation organizations , with almost 5 million supporters and a global network active in over 100 countries .
WWF 's mission is to stop the degradation of the earth 's natural environment and to build a future in which humans live in harmony with nature , by conserving the world 's biological diversity , ensuring that the use of renewable natural resources is sustainable , and promoting the reduction of pollution and wasteful consumption .
About WDCS
WDCS , the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society , is the global voice for the protection of cetaceans ( whales , dolphins and porpoises ) and their environment .
Established in 1987 , WDCS has offices in Argentina , Australia , Austria , Germany , the UK and the USA and a worldwide network of consultants , researchers and supporters .
WDCS aims to reduce and ultimately eliminate the continuing threats to whales , dolphins and their habitats and to raise awareness of these wonderful animals and the need to protect them in their natural environment .
WDCS 's work combines concern for the welfare of the individual animals with efforts to ensure the protection of entire species , populations and their habitats .
www.panda.org/media for latest news and media resources
The Best ( And Most Fun ) Gaming Gear to Improve Your Gaming Skills
If you ’re a gamer , you know there ’s nothing more exciting than getting new gear that will make your experience even more advanced and personalized .
For some , sleek and simple is best .
For others , the more RGB lighting , the better !
However , no matter your preference , you should always make sure that you are n’t wasting money on upgrades that are n’t right for you and your system .
If you ’re looking for new gear and want some inspiration , keep reading to learn about some of the best gaming gear available !
Keyboards
Having the year ’s newest and most exciting games is pointless if you ca n’t use your controls in real time .
If you ’re using any run of the mill keyboard for intricate open world games or first - person shooters , your keystrokes can fall behind and cause you to lose fights you would have won otherwise .
State - of - the - art keyboards like the Razer Blackwidow Chroma V2Corsair Vengeance K70 offer optimal response time and even extra keys you wo n’t find on normal keyboards .
Most of them even have customizable back - lighting so you can create your own pattern or color - code your most - used keys .
No matter what kind of keyboard you choose to use , make sure you invest in a wrist rest .
Magnetic or otherwise , this will ensure that you can play for hours without any wrist pain .
People who spend multiple hours typing every day can develop carpal tunnel over time .
Mouse
There are quite a few factors to consider when updating your computer mouse , and there are a LOT of options out there .
First and foremost , you ’ll need to think of your budget .
Some nicer mouses can range up too $ 200 .
There are also other features such as RGB lighting , customizable buttons , weight , and wired / wireless to consider .
All of these factors will determine which mouse you choose to upgrade your system with .
A terrific new option is the SteelSeries Rival 700 .
With 6.5 feet of chord , this mouse has a phenomenal response time .
( Despite the wireless trend throughout the world of technology , most gamers still prefer wired keyboards and mouses because of the possible lag time . )
A modular design lets you change out the panels for complete customization , and you can even change the RGB lights for optimal visual response and to just have fun .
Similar to console controllers , these advanced mouses also offer vibration feedback so you can feel every hit you make and blow you take !
Controllers
Console controllers are also a very important part of the gaming experience .
If you ’re using either an Xbox or PS system , you need a controller with a comfortable grip .
Popular models like the Razer Wildcat are ergonomic and fit perfectly in your hand .
They ’re also designed with weight in mind and are perfect for using at endless tournaments .
Brand new designs like the Logitech Wireless F710 are also perfect for those who enjoy gaming on multiple platforms .
These controllers have standard Android designs and can even be programmed to work with smart tv’s .
No matter which new controller you choose , almost all of them come with dual vibration feedback monitors so you can truly escape into every earth - shattering , skull - cracking moment of your chosen adventure .
Nyko PixelQuest Arcade Kit
This little guy does n’t exactly count as “ gear ” , but the ingenuity and throwback theme definitely earn it an honorable mention .
This all - new kit allows you to set up your Nintendo Switch in a traditional arcade fashion .
With the screen propped up and the controllers positioned beneath it , you ’ll feel like you have a little arcade game right on your computer desk .
And since it ’s cardboard , you can easily move it out of the way to play your more intricate computer games .
Just try not to get it too close that your Mountain Dew !
Surround Sound Headphones
The perfect pair of headphones is amazing for gamers who like to play games day or night without disturbing others , as well as those who enjoy online gaming and guilds .
However , if your headphones are n’t surround sound , you could be sacrificing some substantial wins by not being able to hear every detail .
Sound is n’t as important for open world games like Skyrim or Fall Out , but it ’s essential for first - person shooters .
If your headphones are surround sound , you ’ll not only be able to hear every enemy that sneaks up on you .
You ’ll also be able to hear exactly which direction they ’re coming from .
Small details like this can be the difference between victory and defeat .
There are countless brands and models on the market , and you ’ll want to read as many reviews as possible before deciding which wireless headset is right for you .
Gaming Glasses
Eye protection is n’t exactly the first thing that comes to mind when you ’re looking to upgrade your gear .
However , if you ’re going to be staring at your monitor or television for hours on end , it ’s the best way to keep those headaches at bay .
Gaming glasses use an anti-reflective coating to reduce glare , as well as a tinted filter that keeps out harsh lighting .
Whether you use glasses or not , it goes without saying that you should always play a safe distance away from your screen and in a lit room .
Finding the best way to escape from the world around you does n’t mean you should neglect your vision .
All these updates and new gear wo n’t be worth much if your computer can’t keep up with them .
Your up to date gaming computer should have at least 16GB of RAM , at least an i7 processor , and as much hard drive memory as you can get .
Like the other gear on this list , your more advanced models are customizable , with removable patterns and programmable RGB lighting .
Some newer brands are also offering models with 4 K capabilities .
Find the Best Gaming Gear For You
No matter what your needs are , companies are coming out with new products , updates , and mods every year .
It ’s never been easier to create a system that has the best gaming gear possible .
The sky is the limit !
Or rather , your budget is .
If you ever have questions or are looking for articles on a specific topic , feel free to contact us .
Oh wow , even Obama has recognized the sheer power of the wolf shirt ( note photo ) 😯 .
Ooooookaaay , what we ’re doing here is something called screen printing .
Screen printing is a technique that uses a woven mesh ( nylon , typically ) to support an ink - blocking stencil .
The stencil is then used to form open areas of mesh that allow the transfer of ink as an image onto the substrate material .
A squeegee like what you see in the video below is then raked across the screen stencil , forcing ink through the woven mesh in the open areas .
There are three types of screen printing presses : ‘ flat - bed ’ ( the one we ’re using here , and also the most widely used ) , and then cylinder and rotary presses , which are less common .
What you ’ll see below in the 6 minute or so video is a few guys quickly giving you all the information you need to screen print your own t- shirt , which is cool … what ’s even cooler is that the design they ’re doing is the infamous Wolf - Shirt , which they then proceed to improve on by adding glowing red LED eyes ( they show you how ) and a howling voice box …. yeah .
Additional Resources and Further Reading
Similar nifty tutorial from ‘ craftgrrl ’
Another tutorial from nomediakings.com , this one looks more professional and detailed
I 've been having a lot of fun writing for CreditBloggers .
My most recent entry is about Predictably Irrational author Dan Ariely 's recent TED talk about his experiments to learn more about the psychology of cheating .
Ariely decided to conduct a series of experiments to understand cheating .
He gave test subjects a math quiz with 20 problems , and promised to give a dollar for each correct answer .
The problems were n't hard to solve , but Ariely imposed a five - minute time limit , making it impossible for anyone to complete the test .
After five minutes , Ariely collected the test from the volunteers , scored them , and paid them for their correct answers .
On average , volunters solved four questions correctly .
Next , he tempted people to cheat .
He told a new group of test takers to score their own tests and tell Ariely how many questions they got correct .
These volunteers reported , on average , that they solved seven questions .
The interesting thing about this , says Ariely , was that the higher average was n't because a few people cheated a lot ; rather , it was because a lot of people cheated a little .
Equally interesting was the fact that the amount of cheating did n't change when the reward for a correct question was increased or decreased ; nor did it change when the chances of being caught cheating were increased or decreased .
By Ben Cohen
Glenn Beck is a lying douchebag , that much we know .
He 's so good at it , he got a show on Fox .
However , when he is confronted by people not associated with the extreme Right ( ie. outside his network ) his bluster and bullshit falls about as flat as Hugh Hefner 's penis without viagra .
Check him out caught in an outright lie on ' The View ' , and called on his B.S by a gaggle of very angry women :
AMIMON 's Second Generation Wireless 1080 p Chipset Now Available
Chips to enable HDTVs to Support the WHDI Standard
Santa Clara , Calif . – April 29 , 2009 – AMIMON Inc. , the market leader in wireless HD semiconductor solutions , announced today the immediate availability of its second generation baseband chipset .
The second generation transmitter and receiver chips ( AMN 2120 /2220 ) are designed for the WHDI ™ ( Wireless Home Digital Interface™ ) standard and are the first chipset capable of wirelessly delivering full uncompressed 1080p / 60 Hz HD content throughout the entire home .
The second generation chipset is based on the revolutionary video modem technology operating in the 5GHz unlicensed band , pioneered by AMIMON and the backbone of WHDI .
The robustness of AMIMON 's video modem technology has been proven in consumers ' homes with AMIMON 's first generation chipset which was integrated into wireless HDTV products from leading TV manufactures .
The second generation chipset offers significant enhancements both in quality and in feature - set .
Key features of the AMN 2120 / 2220 include :
· Designed for the WHDI standard
· HD video : 1080p/60
Hz & high quality computer graphics
· Range : multi-room – beyond 100 feet ( 30 meters ) through walls
· Latency : less than 1 millisecond
· Hollywood approved HDCP 2.0 copy protection
· Low power consumption modes for portable devices .
· Low cost – mass adoption price points
· 5GHz unlicensed band with support for Dynamic Frequency Selection ( DFS )
The second generation chipset provides CE manufacturers with a low cost HD wireless connectivity solution .
The chipset is built on a programmable platform that can be tuned for conformance with the WHDI standard specifications .
The AMN 2120 / 2220 chipset can be embedded into CE devices such as LCD and plasma HDTVs , multimedia projectors , A/V receivers , Blu-ray DVD players , set - top boxes ( STBs ) , game consoles , computers , DVRs , PCs and HD video accessories / dongles , allowing wireless streaming of uncompressed HD video and audio .
The WHDI standard , promoted by the top CE manufacturers is the only standard to enable whole home , wireless uncompressed HDTV connectivity .
" The first generation chipsets received considerable interest , as AMIMON sold over 100,000 chipsets in 2008 and we expect increased demand for the second generation chipsets , " said Noam Geri , vice president of marketing and business development for AMIMON .
" AMIMON 's first generation chipset made wireless HDTV in the home a reality ; the second generation WHDI chipset will make mass - market , interoperable standard - based wireless connectivity in every home a reality . "
" Among home entertainment enthusiasts 1080 p HDTVs are in high demand and ease of use technologies , such as a wireless interface alternative , are expected to see increasing demand from consumers " said Randy Lawson , Senior Analyst , Digital TV Semiconductor and Display Drivers for iSuppli .
" AMIMON 's technology provides an effective solution to meet the growing consumer , as well as OEM , desire for ease of use features while maintaining the high quality 1080p . "
AMIMON 's second generation chipsets and reference designs are available now .
AMN2120 and AMN2220 interface directly to AMIMON RF transceivers AMN3110 and AMN3210 respectively .
Pricing for 100K units of the WHDI transmitter chipset AMN 2120 / 3110 is $ 20 and of the WHDI receiver chipset AMN 2220 /3210 is $ 25 .
Companies , engineers and developers interested in additional information should contact AMIMON at info@amimon.com .
For further technical details please visit : www.amimon.com/technology.shtml.
About AMIMON
AMIMON is a fabless semiconductor company pioneering wireless uncompressed high - definition video for universal connectivity among CE video devices .
AMIMON is a founding member of the WHDI ™ ( Wireless Home Digital Interface ) SIG formed by leading CE companies to define a new industry standard for multi-room wireless HDTV connectivity .
AMIMON is headquartered in Herzlia , Israel , with offices in Santa Clara , Calif. , USA ; Tokyo , Japan ; and Seoul , Korea .
More information is available at www.amimon.com and www.whdi.org.
WHDI is a trademark of AMIMON , Ltd .
All other trademarks or registered trademarks are those of their respective holders .
While the world has focused on Google Wave as a mash - up of chat , e-mail , and document sharing , it 's really something else : Google Wave could be the Twitter that everyone really wants .
Maybe it's the Facebook , too .
Shown for the first time on Thursday at Google 's I/O developer conference , Wave is described as " equal part conversation and document " for its uses as a collaboration tool .
But , the leap from what Google says
Wave is today to what it can easily become is a short one .
If Google wants to compete , head - to - head , with Twitter and Facebook , Wave is the perfect start .
It may not be a competitor when it first becomes publicly available , perhaps because the merging of documents , feeds , photos , e-mail , instant messaging , event planning , and other features is likely to seem so unfamiliar to users .
It will likely take time before would - be users really understand what Wave does and can be used for .
How much time ?
Months , not years .
Then give
Wave a more public face -- documents , chats , IMs , etc. -- to be shared with everyone on your contact list or the world at - large and Wave does everything Facebook and Twitter do .
And more .
It is not a foregone conclusion this will happen .
Outside its core search business and related tools , Google has faced an uphill battle for user acceptance .
However , Wave , by combining so many otherwise separate Google features , could finally provide the compelling experience users seek .
Build , Not Buy
For months there have been rumors that Google would buy one ( both ? ) of the big social network players .
Why did n't it ?
With Wave almost ready to release , why spend the money to purchase a large distraction ?
Another important thing : Google already has a built - in , advertising - based business model that customers understand .
That is a huge thing , considering that Twitter and Facebook are still looking for ways to monetize their users .
While Google has not announced a release date , it only describes availability as " later this year , " the company has started a developer program , released a set of APIs , and is providing limited access to developers seeking to test their Wave - based applications .
An active developer forum now exists , as well as a Wave development team blog .
Waving For Business
Google
Wave has obvious business uses , combining tools that businesspeople use every day .
It will be important that the Wave mail client and other applications learn to work with closely what we already use and for Wave to be something people can adopt without disrupting how they already work .
That has been a challenge for Google in the past , but if Wave is to achieve its great potential it must be easy to adopt and add to the way people already work .
Meanwhile , Twitter and Facebook need to be looking over their shoulders .
David Coursey tweets and someday hopes to Wave , too .
Binging , he 's not so sure about .
Write to him using the contact form at www.coursey.com/contact.
How is Google scanning thousands of books for its book search product ?
Of course , the company has developed a wonky , proprietary scanning method , and has patented it .
That 's patent 7508978 , " Detection of grooves in scanned images , " invented by Francois - Marie Lefevere and Marin Saric and assigned to Google .
The key is flattening pages to make them easier to process via word - recognition software .
So instead of manually pushing books against a glass plate or slicing the binding off , Google uses an infrared projector and stereo camera to determine the curvature of a book 's page and the position of its spine , so it can generate a " flatter " version of the photo .
In the end , that seems to be less work , and much gentler on the book .
Neat .
( Via NPR , via Techmeme . )
Starkey is one of my fave artists so it is nice to find this awesome mix by him from Various in Portland 4.11.09 .
Apparently this mix was done at the release party for the Starkbass CD .
Tons of wicked tunes !
I hope Starkey will visit Oslo soon as it sounds he can throw a good party .
Hotfile download up for now .
Subscribe to the feed to get updated about more sweet mixes in the future .
Starkey – Live at Various Portland 4.11.09 [ Filesonic download ]
Tracklist :
01 – Starkey “ Fidelio ”
02 – Ray Keith “ Something Out There ( DZ remix ) ”
03 – AC Slater “ Calm Down ”
04 – Starkey ft. Durrty Goodz “ Gutter Music ”
05 – DZ & Kozee “ Crack ”
06 – Blackheart “ Jupiter ”
07 – Starkey “ Pressure ”
08 – Starkey “ Beatingz ”
09 – Starkey “ Gritty ”
10 – General Midi & Foreign Beggars “ 4 Million Ways ( Ginz ’s Purple
Interpretation ) ”
11 – Joker & Ginz “ Re - Up ”
12 – Tempa T “ Next Hype ( Starkey remix ) ”
13 – Starkey “ Dementia ”
14 – Jamie Vex ’d “ Radiant Industry ”
15 – Starkey “ Creature ”
16 – Pinch “ Attack of the Giant Killer Robot Spiders ! ”
17 – Starkey “ Pleasure Points ”
18 – MOVES !!!
“ All Skate ”
19 – Scarlet Harlots “ Backlash ( Raffertie remix ) ”
20 – The Brown Acid “ Try Humanity ( Starkey remix ) ”
21 – Numan “ Skull Crusher ”
22 – Stagga “ Timewarp ( remix ) ”
23 – Starkey “ Dark Alley ”
24 – Joker & Gemmy “ Electric Wow ”
25 – Nocturnal “ Factory Settings ”
26 – Stature “ Gardener ’s World ”
27 – EPROM “ Humanoid Dub ”
28 – Starkey “ Murderous Words ”
29 – Starkey “ Starting Gates ”
30 – Slugabed “ Ultra Heat Treated ”
31 – Starkey “ Miracles ( Jamie Vex ’d remix ) ”
32 – Starkey & Ginz “ Purple City ”
33 – Starkey “ Striking Distance ”
34 – Kito “ To the Floor ”
35 – J - Sweet “ Kerb ”
36 – Starkey ft. Cerebral Vortex & Buddy Leezle “ Club Games ”
37 – Starkey “ Swollen Glands ”
38 – T - Pain “ Chopped & Skrewed ”
39 – Starkey “ Gutter Music VIP ”
40 – Slugabed “ Sun Too Bright Turn It Off ”
Help keeping the site running - Support Core News :)
For a few fleeting , horrifying moments this past week the fault lines that underlie the global economic crisis erupted into plain view .
With deft and quick effort leaders in Washington , Europe and Asia papered over the fissures and fears largely subsided .
But the shock of plain truths which resulted in violent currency movements are the latest reminder that the 21st century economic order will bear little resemblance to the world we now know .
The tremors began in Beijing , where an essay from the governor of the People ’s Bank of China seemed to favor the creation of an IMF currency to replace the U.S. dollar as the world ’s reserve .
In Europe , the rotating president of the European Union , outgoing Czech Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek , characterized America ’s plan to combat the widening global recession as the road to hell .
At the same time , British Member of the European Parliament Daniel Hannan made headlines the world over with his stinging rebuke of the inflationary and debt - focused policies of the current UK government .
As a result of these clearly voiced frustrations , the U.S. dollar suffered a drubbing .
However , Treasury secretary Geithner and his ministerial counterparts in Berlin , Paris and London did their best to convince everyone that the world is pulling together as one to combat the economic crisis .
The charm offensive was effective in restoring calm .
Given the size and scope of the remedies that the Obama Administration is cajoling the world to adopt , it is likely that the unease will grow until many countries emerge in open revolt to America ’s plans .
President Obama and the majority of our leadership on both sides of the aisle are confident that the right mix of monetary and fiscal policy can restart the spending party that defined America for a generation .
And as the bleary - eyed revelers wisely reach for a cup of black coffee or stumble into a rehab center , Obama is pouring grain alcohol into the punch bowl hoping to lure the walking zombies back onto the dance floor .
Europe and Asia fully understand that Obama will ask them to lend the booze .
Washington is telling us that our problems result from a lack of consumer spending .
Therefore , the solution is for government spending to pick up the slack .
However , if Americans are too broke to spend , then how can our government spend for us ?
The only money they have is taken from us through taxation .
To postpone immediate tax hikes ( adding interest for good measure ) , Washington plans to borrow more from abroad .
However , if our foreign creditors refuse to pony up , much of the money will simply be printed instead .
Printing money is merely taxation in another form .
Rather than robbing citizens of their money , government robs their money of its purchasing power .
Many people assume that if government provides the funds we can spend our way back to prosperity .
However , it ’s not money we lack but production .
If the government simply prints money and doles it out , we will not be able to buy more stuff ; we will simply pay higher prices .
The only way to buy more is to produce more .
It is production that creates purchasing power , not the printing press !
Our current predicament resulted in part from our efforts to maintain consumer spending at unsustainable levels , primarily by the reckless extension of consumer credit .
Pushing up consumer credit to levels not supported by market realities required government subsidies and guarantees .
In addition , Wall Street pitched in with securitization and credit default swaps , which created a false sense of confidence among our creditors that high - risk consumer loans could actually be repaid .
However , now that all those gimmicks have blown up , the entire farce has been exposed .
There is simply no way to sustain an economy based on consumer credit .
The Administration argues that more debt will restore growth which will then allow the repayment of borrowed money .
First , our government has never , and will never , repay anything .
Second , the assumption that additional borrowing and spending will restore growth is flawed .
In fact , more consumer debt and government spending will undermine our economy and restrain growth .
To solve our problems we must first come to terms with their source .
That is what the voices from abroad are telling us .
We borrowed and spent ourselves to the brink of bankruptcy , and now we must save and produce ourselves back to prosperity .
Of course , this simple solution is rejected by Keynesian economists who insist that we must keep spending .
The paradox of thrift ,  as they call it , holds that if we stop spending the recession will worsen .
While this is true , it is hardly a paradox .
As they say in the fitness game , no pain , no gain . 
No one said this was going to be easy , but the only way to rebuild a viable economy is to let the phony one collapse .
If we follow the Keynesians , the fault lines will continue to widen until our wealth , our lifestyle , our very ability to prosper is swallowed up .
The calls from abroad will only get louder until we face this ugly truth .
Peter Schiff is president of Euro Pacific Capital and author of The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets and Crash Proof : How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse .
Peter Schiff Archives
The Best of Peter Schiff
How Domino 's responded to prank video
The saga of the prank Domino 's video could be a case study of how fast - moving social media can both giveth and taketh away .
It began April 13 , when five YouTube clips showing a Domino 's Pizza employee performing unsavory acts with food began spreading on the video - sharing site .
One clip shows a male worker , identified in the amateur video only as Michael , sticking cheese up his nose and adding it to a sandwich .
In another , Michael sneezes into a cheese steak sandwich " to be served to some unlucky customer that 's in need of some snot , " said the video 's shooter and narrator , who identified herself as Kristy .
In a third , Michael rubs himself with a sponge , then uses it to clean a pan .
Predictably , the vast YouTube community was revulsed , yet watched anyway .
Within a day , the clips had been viewed about 200,000 times , while anti-Domino 's comments began to spread on Twitter and other social media sources .
The videos were reposted on other sites , including Good - AsYou.org , a gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender activist site in New York .
The site 's founder , Jeremy Hooper , sent an e-mail to Tim McIntyre , vice president of communications for the Ann Arbor , Mich . , pizza chain .
" He said you need to see this , " McIntyre said .
" Thirty minutes later , our internal social marketing team saw it and reached out to YouTube to take it down . "
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Not easy to remove
That proved to be complicated because YouTube first needed the approval of the person who originally posted the video , Kristy .
At 10 p.m. , McIntyre received another e-mail , this time from people who saw the video on Consumerist.com , a site published by a subsidiary of the consumer - advocacy group that also publishes Consumer Reports magazine .
According to Ad Age magazine , Georgetown University student Amy Wilson and her boyfriend Jonathan Drake saw that a Jack in the Box sign was briefly visible in one clip .
They used Google satellite images to find locations where a Domino 's was near a Jack in the Box .
Meanwhile , Paris Miller , a computer consultant from Northern Kentucky , used information from the video post to trace one of Kristy 's friends to Conover , N.C. , where there is a Domino 's across the street from a Jack in the Box .
About three hours after McIntyre received that news , another e-mail came - from Kristy Hammonds , the woman who shot and posted the video .
" I am soo sorry ! " the e-mail read .
McIntyre said she knew she had been identified .
Domino 's notified Conover police and the local health department that morning .
Hammonds , 31 , and Michael Setzer , 32 , who have claimed the video was a prank and that no tainted food ever left the store , were charged with felony food tampering .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration is investigating for possible federal charges , McIntyre said .
Domino's shut the store until crews could sanitize the operation .
Hammonds and Setzer were fired .
At that point , Domino 's officials wrestled with how to deal with the looming damage to the company 's reputation .
Media and marketing pundits have criticized Domino 's for remaining silent and not issuing an immediate response .
But McIntyre said the video had about 250,000 views - sizable , but still only a small segment of the general population .
Executives worried that an official company response might cause more people to view the clips .
" The idea that we were trying to ignore it was false , but do you really need to put out a candle with a fire hose ? "
McIntyre said .
Officials instead used their private Twitter accounts and other social media tactics to answer some of the chatter about the incident and eventually activated a Domino 's Twitter account two weeks earlier than planned .
But by April 15 , with the number of views soaring to nearly 1 million , the chain decided to shoot a video apology from Domino 's USA President Patrick Doyle .
And instead of alerting the general news media , Domino 's posted it where the whole thing started - on YouTube .
" We had been fighting fire with water , " McIntyre said .
" Now we needed to fight the fire with fire . "
Reactions to apology
The two - minute apology , which critics have called " wooden , " did open the floodgates .
Online chatter about the videos skyrocketed and Domino's was searched more that day than Paris Hilton , McIntyre said .
On April 16 , local and national newspapers and broadcast outlets began calling to get the story and were replayed portions of the original video , causing more people to view them .
The original videos , now taken down by YouTube but still available elsewhere , have been viewed about 2 million times , while the Domino 's response has been viewed 650,000 times .
But the buzz about the videos has subsided and by last week , customers were speaking more positively about the chain , which McIntyre said was due to the company reaching out directly to social networks .
" Are we on the mend ?
It 's too early to tell , " McIntyre said .
" Would we do it again ?
Yes .
It helped us get the word out .
While it did expose more people to the issue , it also said Domino 's Pizza is taking this very seriously and that the thing we hold dearest is our customer 's trust . "
Reddit Email 0 Shares
According to al - Zaman , writing in Arabic , Nuri al - Maliki ’s Islamic Mission Party ( Da’wa ) has rejected an appeal from cleric Abdul Aziz al - Hakim of the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq to run as coalition partners in the United Iraqi Alliance in the forthcoming parliamentary election .
Da’wa spokesmen say that the party wants to make a broader coalition than in possible with the UIA .
( I.e. Da’wa wants Sunni and secular partners , while the UIA is a sectarian , Shiite coalition ) .
Al - Hakim had appealed to al - Maliki for help in rebuilding the United Iraqi Alliance .
Al - Hakim ’s own ISCI did poorly in the province elections of January 2009 , after having earlier dominated the Shiite south .
If Da’wa really could put together a cross-sectarian nationalist coalition and win with it , that would change the political dynamics in Iraq quite substantially , and might make the country more stable , setting the stage for a clean US withdrawal .
AP reports that the number of Christians in Iraq has fallen from 1.4 million in 1989 to as few as 400,000 today , largely as a result of the violence that ensued after the 2003 US invasion of that country .
Pope Benedict called attention to this problem during his recent trip to the ME .
Many have fled to Lebanon and Syria , and apparently few contemplate returning to Iraq .
Bishop John Benjamin Sulayman of Baghdad said he worried that Christianity would become extinct in the Middle East , where the over - all proportion of Christians in ther region ’s population has fallen from 20 % to 5 % in recent decades .
Most Christians leave because of the ease of emigration to the west , because of better economic opportunities there , and / or because of fear of violence and rising Muslim fundamentalist .
Lawrence Wilkerson , aide to former Secretary of State Colin Powell , alleges that the main impetus for torturing prisoners in 2002 - early 2003 was not to foil terrorist plots but rather to scare up evidence of a Saddam - al - Qaeda tie .
US interrogators never found such a link
Joe Conason has more on torturing to get up a war .
Obama will revive Bush - era military tribunals at Guantanamo Bay .
Jeremy Scahill alleges that an especially brutal US military unit , guilty of prisoner abuse , is still operating at Guantanamo .
End / ( Not Continued )
WASHINGTON -- Energy Secretary Steven Chu said the U.S. should invest in technology to reduce the carbon produced by burning coal , but he said it will take at least eight years to be sure such systems work .
" It absolutely is worthwhile to invest in carbon capture and storage because we are not in a vacuum , " Mr. Chu told reporters Tuesday following an appearance at an Energy Information Administration conference .
" Even if the United States or Europe turns its back on coal , India and China will not , " he said .
Mr. Chu added that " quite frankly I doubt if the United States will turn its back on coal .
We are generating over 50 % of our electrical energy from coal . "
As for so - called clean - coal technology , Mr. Chu said " it would take probably a minimum of eight years or more to really have confidence that these technologies will work in a cost - effective way . "
As a result , " energy efficiency , energy conservation are where the greatest gains will be . "
Coal - producing states are lobbying the Obama administration to keep coal -- abundant and cheap -- a part of the country 's energy mix .
Coal backers have looked to clean - coal technology , which aims to store emissions from coal - burning power plants underground .
If the U.S. aims to transition away from coal , a question is whether such technology is worth the investment .
Last week , Baard Energy , which is developing a project to create fuel from a coal and biomass mixture , withdrew from the Energy Department 's loan - guarantee program after disclosing that the government said it would consider environmental lawsuits when conducting risk evaluation of a project .
WV DNR News Release 2 L E G E N D
1 - General News
2 - Hunting News
3 - Fishing News
4 - Law Enforcement News
5 - Parks News
Joe Manchin III , Governor
Frank Jezioro , Director News Release : May 29 , 2009
Seven Deer Test Positive for Chronic Wasting Disease During 2009 Spring Collections in Hampshire County , West Virginia
Test results have detected the Chronic Wasting Disease ( CWD ) agent in a total of seven white - tailed deer sampled during the 2009 spring collections in Hampshire County , according to the West Virginia Division of Natural Resources ( DNR ) .
These most recent deer testing positive for CWD were collected by Wildlife Resources Section personnel working in cooperation with local landowners , and they were all located within the Hampshire County CWD Containment Area ( i.e. , that portion of Hampshire County located North of U.S. Route 50 ) .
The CWD agent previously has been detected outside the containment area in the adjacent portion of Hampshire County , and the area of known infected deer does continue to slowly expand .
These collections have been designed to investigate and determine the prevalence and distribution of the disease in Hampshire County .
In addition , wildlife biologists are carefully monitoring changes in the structure of the deer herd within the CWD containment area .
The first case of CWD in West Virginia was confirmed on September 2 , 2005 .
Since then , DNR has been fully engaged in activities guided by its CWD Incident Response Plan , which is designed to accomplish the following objectives .
Determine the distribution and prevalence of CWD through enhanced surveillance efforts .
Communicate and coordinate with the public and other appropriate agencies on issues relating to CWD and the steps being taken to respond to this disease .
Initiate appropriate management actions necessary to control the spread of this disease and prevent further introduction of the disease .
To date , CWD surveillance efforts conducted by the DNR have resulted in a total of 45 deer being confirmed positive for CWD in Hampshire County .
Ongoing and extensive surveillance efforts being conducted by Wildlife Resources Section personnel throughout West Virginia have not detected CWD outside of Hampshire County .
CWD is a neurological disease found in deer and elk , and it belongs to a family of diseases known as transmissible spongiform encephalopathies .
The disease is thought to be caused by abnormal , proteinaceous particles called prions that slowly attack the brain of infected deer and elk , causing the animals to progressively become emaciated , display abnormal behavior and invariably results in the death of the infected animal .
There is no known treatment for CWD , and it is fatal for the infected deer or elk .
It is important to note that currently there is no evidence to suggest CWD poses a risk for humans or domestic animals .
“ Landowner and hunter cooperation throughout this entire CWD surveillance effort in Hampshire County continues to be excellent , ” noted DNR Director Frank Jezioro .
“ As we strive to meet this wildlife disease challenge and implement appropriate management strategies , the support and involvement of landowners and hunters remains essential .
DNR is committed to keeping the public informed and involved in these wildlife disease management actions .
“ Our well trained and professional wildlife biologists , wildlife managers and conservation officers are working diligently to effectively address this wildlife disease threat , and we are collaborating with nationally recognized wildlife disease experts at the Southeastern Cooperative Wildlife Disease Study in Athens , Georgia , ” said Jezioro .
** DNR **
by Brett Stevens on May 4 , 2009
I enjoy about half of what David Brooks writes .
But sometimes , he just gets it wrong .
Some people live in romantic ages .
They tend to believe that genius is the product of a divine spark .
They believe that there have been , throughout the ages , certain paragons of greatness â€ ” Dante , Mozart , Einstein â€ ” whose talents far exceeded normal comprehension , who had an other - worldly access to transcendent truth , and who are best approached with reverential awe .
We , of course , live in a scientific age , and modern research pierces hocus - pocus .
In the view that is now dominant , even Mozartâ€™s early abilities were not the product of some innate spiritual gift .
His early compositions were nothing special .
They were pastiches of other peopleâ€™s work .
Mozart was a good musician at an early age , but he would not stand out among todayâ€™s top child - performers .
What Mozart had , we now believe , was the same thing Tiger Woods had â€ ” the ability to focus for long periods of time and a father intent on improving his skills .
Mozart played a lot of piano at a very young age , so he got his 10,000 hours of practice in early and then he built from there .
The latest research suggests a more prosaic , democratic , even puritanical view of the world .
The key factor separating geniuses from the merely accomplished is not a divine spark .
Itâ€™s not I.Q. , a generally bad predictor of success , even in realms like chess .
Instead , itâ€™s deliberate practice .
Top performers spend more hours ( many more hours ) rigorously practicing their craft .
NYT
Everyone loves democratic views of the world .
“ I could be anything , so society must treat me as if I am special , ” they drone , forgetting that around them are infinite others thinking the same thing , and that a society of selfish people makes for disorder , disorder makes for corruption , and at that point you ’re well on your way to third - world levels of disorganization .
Brooks is playing to the crowd with this popular notion that he carefully avoids saying is scientifically verified .
He says we are scientific and enlightened , and that we have a new notion of how things work ; he leaves it to you to assume that means science “ says ” things are this way .
In fact , the actual data points in the opposite direction : high intelligence is genetically determined , and as measured by IQ , determines success in life .
But that ’s not popular .
“ What , some are born to sweet delight , and others just born to the endless night ?
Well , I ’m so much more afraid of the endless night that in my confusion and depression I think I ’m prone to , I ’m going to go find some of those sweet delight people and kick their asses . ”
That ’s about the mentality we ’re looking at here , translated through Brooks ’ intelligent ability to market his writings .
And then there was the option I suggested , that people found inconvenient to mention :
Or , there ’s the third option : Divine spark of intelligence ( high g ) + hard work = “ a genius ”
Here , I ’m thinking of your Schopenhauer , your Beethoven , your Planck , your Faulkner , and so on .
These guys may appear lazy at a first glance , but the fact of the matter is that they spent endless hours in focused thought on what they were doing — and also , had the raw ability to process this thought .
There are also some like Franz Schubert who seemed destined for quick rise and fall .
I do n’t think Brooks ’ formula explains that , so he ’d have to invent something about fortunate circumstances , wealthy families , oppression of average - IQ “ geniuses , ” and so on — backward logic .
I might ask Brooks : so how many geniuses were born with average IQs ?
And how many people with average or above average worked really hard but did n’t end up geniuses ?
However , backward logic is still there .
He might simply opt to re-define genius , and insist we call some mediocrity a genius because they made pots of money or came up with an idea that pleases lots of people because it justifies their selfishness , inaction or failure .
The basic problem here is that people demand a simple explanation for the crowd , and then confuse the means used to achieve that demonstration with how reality works .
That is : they say “ show me the evidence ” so the presenter constructs a model that shows BEFORE and AFTER states , compares one factor ( “ how hard they worked ” ) , and then concludes that , for the instances studied , this is the Truth and the Word .
So the crowd surges forth from the auditorium , assumes that they can look at single factors and draw broad conclusions , and then they start practicing .
Truth is eroded .
By the time David Brooks gets to the scene , there ’s no point even trying for truth ; just try for a pseudo - truth that someone will buy .
Geniuses work hard ; therefore , hard work makes you a genius .
It ’s a simple cause / effect confusion that pleases a crowd and makes them easy to control .
It ’s always interesting to see how people alter their reality with memes .
They use them to control each other , but then , because they ’re now a token of social discourse , find themselves controlled by them .
I guess they never anticipated that effect and consequent disaster , but it seems obvious to me .
Tags : eugenics , genius , idiocracy
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Updated teaser trailer for District 9 ( courtesy of IMDB ) that , unlike the original version , has no blur over the alien 's face and provides subtitles to what it is saying .
Watch the HD teaser trailer .
Duration
1 min 39 sec
Views
578,961
Posted On
May 06 , 2009 Director
Neill Blomkamp
Writer
Neill Blomkamp
Studio
Sony Pictures
Release
August 14 , 2009 Cast
William Allen Young
Jason Cope
Sharlto Copley
Robert Hobbs
Kenneth Nkosi Trailer Tracks
No Music Available Sony Pictures
Sci Fi
Action
Sharlto Copley
David James
Teaser
India is the first country in South Asia to operate an Awacs aircraft
India has officially taken delivery of an Awacs early - warning surveillance aircraft , part of a $ 1bn ( £ 600 m ) defence deal with Israel .
The plane , Russian - made but packed with Israeli radar , is expected to reinforce India 's maritime security following the attacks on Mumbai last year .
Only a few non-Nato countries have Awacs and critics say it is a bad omen for the arms race in South Asia .
India has ordered another two AWACS as it upgrades its military capabilities .
The Ilyushin - 76 - which arrived in India on Monday - gives India the capability to track hundreds of aircraft and potential threats at sea and on the ground , at considerable distances .
Air dominance
India is the first country in South Asia to own an Awacs ( Airborne Warning and Control System ) plane , popularly nicknamed the " eye in the sky " .
The second and third aircraft are expected to be handed over next year .
AK Antony ( left ) is concerned about the plane 's late delivery
Analysts say the purchase , part of a 2004 deal involving India , Israel and Russia , is part of India 's efforts to achieve air dominance over its rival , Pakistan .
Russia and Israel are India 's two largest military suppliers .
India 's defence procurement is expected to rise to about $ 100 bn over the next ten years .
Delhi recently signed contracts with Israel for medium range surface - to - air missiles , and with Russia for the design and development of fighter aircraft .
Other foreign defence companies , including those from the Americas , Europe and Asia , are also lining up to do business with India .
Indian Defence Minister AK Antony , who attended the Awacs handing - over ceremony at Jamnagar air base , complained about the late delivery of defence equipment ordered by India from a number of countries .
He pointed out that the Awacs should have been delivered 18 months ago .
Have you always wished you had an iPhone app that made it look like you were sniffing coke off your phone ?
Now you have one .
Happy Friday , you broke bastard .
[ The iSnort ]
The big heist that came so close
Ben Ando
BBC crime reporter
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Two men have been convicted for their part in trying to pull off a £ 229 m heist at the Sumitomo Mitsui Bank in London .
In one of the biggest attempted bank thefts in Britain , they used hi-tech equipment to try to steal money from the accounts of big businesses .
Hugh Rodley , 61 , of Twyning , near Tewkesbury , Gloucestershire , and sex shop owner , David Nash , 47 , from Durrington , West Sussex , were foiled only at the last minute by the complexities of inter - bank money transfers .
On the early evening of 16 September 2006 , two men arrived at the reception desk of the Sumitomo Mitsui Bank in London .
One asked for the bank 's security supervisor , Kevin O'Donoghue .
He had a distinctive European , possibly Belgian , accent but the receptionist thought nothing of it .
After all , this was the London branch of a major Japanese merchant bank with global interests and investments .
Hugh Rodley , involved in the heist , is a self - styled lord of the manor
What she did not know was that the two men led upstairs by security chief O'Donoghue were expert hackers - and they had come to the bank to implement the first stage of the most audacious , and potentially lucrative , cyber snatch in history .
Police do not know how long the gang had been planning the operation .
And those now convicted are certainly not those behind the plan .
When questioned , Kevin O'Donoghue , 34 , from Birmingham , claimed that he had been coerced into helping and that his family had been threatened .
He later admitted a charge of conspiracy to steal .
CCTV images showed him laughing and joking as he showed the two Belgian cyber - thieves to a terminal in one of the trading offices .
Jan Van Osselaer from Belgium and Gilles Poelvoorde from France , who admitted a charge of conspiracy to steal , had come prepared .
They used a USB memory stick to instal " keylogger " software on various workstations that recorded every button pressed by users .
' No kingpin ' A few days later , they returned and downloaded the data from the keylogger programmes .
They now had the usernames and passwords of every bank employee who had used the infected computers .
But Kevin O'Donoghue had made some mistakes .
He had tampered with some of the CCTV cameras - even cutting the wires on one - in an effort to cover the gang 's tracks .
Other employees started to wonder why he had started enquiring about creating extra access badges .
" He did n't do a very good job , " said one source at the Serious Organised Crime Agency ( Soca ) " In fact , you 'd hardly describe him as the kingpin . "
A few weeks later , on Friday 1 October , the two were back .
It was time to launch their plan .
Luckily the bank realised very quickly that something was wrong
Bill Hughes
SOCA director
Using the employee IDs and passwords they had obtained , they attempted 10 cash transfers from the bank to accounts in other banks in Spain , Dubai , Hong Kong , Turkey and Israel .
The cash was to come from the accounts of major corporations such as Toshiba and Nomura Holdings - the gang knew they would have plenty in them .
But something went wrong .
The cash did not move .
Basic error
The next day , a Saturday , they were back to try again .
This time they attempted more similar transfers , but included extra accounts in Liechtenstein and Singapore .
Again , they failed .
All in all , they tried to steal £ 229 m .
But they had made a basic error in filling in the wire transfer information boxes .
The plan was starting to unravel .
The following Monday , when staff logged in to their computers , they immediately noticed something was amiss .
The transactions were there , and some of the computer cables had been cut .
Managers at the bank acted quickly and called the police .
" Being able to get in there early and quickly gave us vital help in closing this case , " explained Soca director Bill Hughes .
" Luckily the bank realised very quickly that something was wrong . "
The investigators quickly zeroed in on O'Donoghue who admitted his involvement when shown the CCTV .
Tracing other members of the gang was to be a long and drawn - out process .
Pictures of the two hackers were circulated , and they were traced to Belgium .
David Nash fronted some companies used for money laundering Following the electronic paper trail to the bank accounts that were to have received the money led to numerous dead ends , but eventually to four people .
These were Hugh Rodley , a self - styled lord of the manor , and his business partner Bernard Davies ; David Coyne , also known as David Nash , and Inger Britt Marie Malmros - a Swedish national enjoying the sunshine in Las Palmas , Gran Canaria .
She was cleared of all charges against her .
Bernard Davies died before the trial began .
The men had all fronted various companies - with names like Mediatel International PLC , Investorscan and Furzefield .
They were all companies with websites , contact addresses and registered names but they did not do anything .
They were just fronts for illegal money laundering .
These company accounts , and many others like them , were to be used to filter and clean the money stolen from Sumitomo Mitsui Bank .
Dubai mystery
On the Monday after the attempted transfers , two unknown individuals went into a bank in Dubai and tried to find out whether money had reached their account .
It had not and they left .
They were never traced .
Rodley too was wondering where the money was , and starting to get desperate , he went from his Gloucestershire home into the town of Cheltenham , and asked to borrow the fax machine in a TV and electrical goods shop .
He sent a fax to a bank in Dubai , asking after the cash and urging that the transfer go ahead .
It did not .
Organised criminals will seek to pervert and corrupt your people and use them against you
Bill Hughes Ms Malmros was arrested in Spain and extradited to England for trial .
Rodley and Nash were arrested in Spain and Gloucestershire ; detectives in Belgium seized Poelvoorde and Van Osselaer .
Poelvoorde will complete his sentence in Belgium where he is already serving a five - year term for an unrelated fraud offence .
But in some ways , the case at Snaresbrook Crown Court leaves more questions than answers .
Who actually planned it ?
Rodley and the launderers had no contact with O'Donoghue and the hackers - so who was pulling the strings ?
And who were the mysterious couple in the bank in Dubai ?
The Sumitomo Mitsui Bank heist was a failure - thanks to bank security and errors made by the thieves .
In a statement , the bank said it worked closely with SOCA to ensure the investigation came to fruition .
" The attempt to transfer funds failed due to our systems and controls which prevented the fraud from being successful and which promptly alerted systems staff that an attempt had been made , " it said .
Detectives are reluctant to say how close the plot came to success - but they are certain that similar attempts will be made in future .
" Organised criminals will seek to pervert and corrupt your people and use them against you , " warned Bill Hughes .
" Plus they will increasingly try to use technology to help them .
We 've since foiled two other similar attacks .
" This was a very real attack that was very well planned and it came very close . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Recently President Bush presented the Dalai Lama the Gold
Medal , Congress ’s highest and most prestigious civilian award .
It was a
glamorous ceremony in the Capitol Rotunda , attended by the rich and famous .
Senators Diane Feinstein , Robert Byrd , Harry Reid , and House Speaker Nancy
Pelosi were among the hundreds of admirers .
Actor Richard Gere , his spokesman and one of his biggest
fans , proclaimed “ It ’s that just by the proximity to him , you will get
spiritually healed , ” and he called him “ the greatest living human . ”
President Bush called him a “ universal symbol of peace and
tolerance , a shepherd of the faithful and a keeper of the flame for his
people . ”
The Dalai Lama also has his critics .
Author Michael Parenti
sees him as reflecting a distressing symbiosis between religion and violence .
Historian Howard Zinn expresses disappointment in the Dalai Lama ’s suggestion
to wait a few years before judging the war in Iraq , when this preemptive and
illegal war is such a clear - cut moral issue .
So what are we to make of the Dalai Lama ?
Who is this frail
man , his hands folded as if in permanent prayer , with a smile that rarely
leaves his face and a bow in deference to those who cross his path ?
He moves
slowly and gracefully and he talks a lot about forgiveness and peace .
This apparently gentle man is the 14th of a long line of
reborn Dalai Lamas who ruled over a brutal feudal theocracy where disobedience
was not tolerated .
Punishment ranged from loss of limbs to the gouging out of
eyes and flogging people to death .
It was a country where most of the population were serfs and
slaves , totally accountable to their masters .
Some slaves tried to survive by
begging .
A few hundred privileged families shared power with the Dalai Lama and
owned most of the land .
The old Tibet was far removed from the freedom that
Dalai Lama and his supporters are talking about .
There were no schools , no
healthcare , and the literacy rate was about 5 percent .
There are those who see the Dalai Lama as a man of
contradictions and they see his admirers as gullible and misinformed .
He has
expressed his belief that modern science takes precedence over ancient
religions , but he ruled over a medieval and brutal theocracy .
He preaches peace
but refuses to pass judgment on Iraq .
Is the Dalai Lama speaking out of both sides of his mouth ,
trying to play it safe and to offend nobody ?
It seems clear that this seemingly
meek gentleman is a shrewd observer of human events .
To many observers he
remains an enigma .
Was Tibet ever this romantic , Hollywood - style Shangri La ?
Were the Tibetan people , with their colorful garments , bells , and horns , really
content as they submitted to the rituals of prayer and as they clapped their
hands to get rid of doubts and harmful emotions , hoping for greater awareness
and enlightenment ?
Or did they not know any better as they spent their lives in
this remote and isolated society ?
Did China destroy Shangri - La and a beautiful
ancient culture or did they liberate and modernize a backward and brutal
kingdom ?
China invaded Tibet in 1959 .
The foreign - sponsored uprising
was easily crushed and the Dalai Lama with his riches and thousands of
followers fled to India , where he set up his government in exile .
The “ Free
Tibet ” movement and the west would like to return the Dalai Lama to his throne .
The Dalai Lama himself claims that he is not seeking independence but
“ meaningful autonomy , ” while China accuses the Dalai Lama of a hidden agenda .
China has significantly altered Tibet ’s social structure .
China has constructed roads and introduced light industry .
They built hundreds
of schools and life expectancy has dramatically improved .
Michael Parenti among
others points out that the Chinese abolished slavery , built hospitals , and eliminated
mutilations , floggings and amputations .
They introduced land reform .
Acres of land formerly owned by
nobles and lamas were distributed to landless peasants .
Not many Tibetans would
choose to go back to slavery and grinding poverty .
They do n’t look at the
Chinese occupation as Paradise Lost .
One of the Dalai Lama ’s missions is to preserve and to keep
the ancient Tibetan culture alive .
But what is this cultural heritage that the
Dalai Lama is trying to preserve ?
Does it include the teaching of the feudal
system , and the need for slavery and absolute obedience ?
Does it teach the poor
that their life of suffering is due to the evil acts they committed in previous
lives and that they must accept their life of misery as atonement for past
sins ?
For the Tibetans the issue is whether you hold on to an
ancient culture of social injustice or you support moving into the modern age .
Many former serfs have sided with China .
Indications are that the powerful lamas and their ancient
culture that this Dalai Lama wants to preserve may be a thing of the past
unless foreign troops try to change the course of history .
From the ' databases should be open ' files :
IBM may have lost out on buying Sun to Oracle , but it 's taking aim at Oracle in a different way today - database compatibility .
EnterpriseDB which is a vendor best known for its commercial support of the open source PostgreSQL database , is licensing its Oracle database compatibility technology to IBM .
What that means is IBM DB2 version 9.7 users will be able ( in many cases ) to handle Oracle databases .
The EnterpriseDB technology is baked into their Postgres Plus Advanced Server product which is based mostly on open source technology , thought the Oracle compatibility parts are not open source .
IBM is an investor in EnterpriseDB , and according to EnterpriseDB co-founder Andy Astor , the two companies have been working for the past two years on the Oracle compatability piece .
When I asked Astor about the importance of the IBM integration , he noted it 's a big milestone for databases .
" It marks the mainstreaming of compatibility and the next step towards true database standards .
SQL standards worked perfectly well except that no one follows them , " Astor told me .
" What we are delivering now is a renaissance of the ability of databases to be interoperable . "
It 's an amazing observation .
While so much focus in development as a whole is around openness , database interoperability remains a challenge for many .
I do n't expect that existing Oracle user will now flock to IBM in droves , but the fact that IBM now has the EntepriseDB technology in place may well give some users pause and at least another choice .
BURTON , Ohio , June 9 , 2009  --
The first signs that something was wrong with 11 - year - old Connor Teare came when he was a toddler .
His muscles were growing increasingly rigid and becoming more difficult to move .
He went from leg braces to a walker and , finally , a wheelchair by the time he was 5 .
" I tried to walk like the other kids ... I just could n't do it , " said Connor , who lives with his family in Burton , Ohio .
His mother , Cynthia Teare , brought him to a dozen different doctors but none could figure out what was wrong .
" I 'm scared , " she said .
" I 'm frightened and trying not to let him see that I 'm frightened .
But inside , the biggest thing was we did n't know what it -- what diagnosis it was .
Nobody knew what he had .
" Some of the doctors , they say there may never be an answer , " she told ABC News .
" I could n't settle .
I could n't settle for that . "
Teare spent months scouring the Internet for answers and , finally , came across an exceptionally rare disorder she thought might explain Connor 's condition .
She wrote to a prominent pediatric neurologist , Dr. Irwin Jacobs at the Cleveland Clinic .
Jacobs said Teare 's letter left him stunned .
" I mean , here 's somebody suggesting a disorder , and I 've never seen this disorder , " he said .
It 's called Dopa Responsive Dystonia .
It disrupts how the brain communicates with muscles in the body .
Typically , patients with dystonia have an abnormal posture with a twisting of the extremities .
Even though Connor did not have some of the classic symptoms , Jacobs agreed to give Connor the appropriate medication to see if it would help .
" When you have something that 's potentially treatable , you have to go for it , " Jacobs said .
Connor 's Miraculous Recovery
Within days , Connor 's condition started to improve .
Slowly , his muscles began moving more easily .
He could hold on and walk a few steps , and get in and out of chairs -- things he had n't been able to do in years .
" I was sitting in the chair in the kitchen one day and ... I feel like I can stand , " Connor said .
" And , then , I start holding onto , I start holding onto the furniture and I start walking . "
Teare said , " By the second day ... he stood at the kitchen sink and washed his hands , standing .
That was monumental . "
When Connor stepped into the hallway at Burton Elementary School on his first day of third grade , his classmates and teachers erupted .
" They 're running up to him .
They 're walking away .
They 're telling anyone near that ' Connor 's walking , Connor 's walking , can you believe it ? ' " said Cindy Ducca , Connor 's principal .
" I immediately got goose bumps , smiled , and tears just streamed down my face .
...
It 's just unbelievable to see him walk . "
Today , Connor spends his free time on the basketball court shooting hoops , thanks to daily medication and one determined mother .
She did for her son what a dozen doctors could not ; she found a way to free her child from years in a wheelchair .
" I think she deserves all the credit , " Jacobs said .
" Had she given up at any time ... had she not been so insistent about trying to find a reason why her son had this difficulty , Connor would still be in a wheelchair . "
For more " Medicine on the Cutting Edge " stories , click here .
This month , the Obama administration unveiled a plan to reform the taxes that apply to life insurance .
Not surprisingly , the insurance industry freaked out , paushing out its spokesman to say " This is absolutely the wrong time to make it more expensive for families , as well as U.S. businesses , to obtain the security and peace of mind our products provide . "
That sounds reasonable , until you read this incredible new report from the Wall Street Journal about how insurance companies use current tax rules not to help " families obtain security and peace of mind " but to help fat - cat executives pad their salaries :
Banks are using a little - known tactic to help pay bonuses , deferred pay and pensions they owe executives :
They 're holding life - insurance policies on hundreds of thousands of their workers , with themselves as the beneficiaries .
The insurance policies essentially are informal pension funds for executives : Companies deposit money into the contracts , which are like big , nondeductible IRAs , and allocate the cash among investments that grow tax - free .
Over time , employers receive tax - free death benefits when employees , former employees and retirees die .
Though not improper , the practice is similar to what is known as " janitors insurance , " an insurance - on - employees technique that has long been controversial .
Critics say the banks ' insurance contracts are a way for companies to create tax breaks for funding executive pensions .
And some families have complained that employers should n't profit from the deaths of their loved ones .
This is the kind of story that you read and think wow , just when you thought corporate rip - off schemes could n't get any more shameless ... I mean , using employees ' life insurance policies as a back - door way to pad the boss 's salary ... wow .
I 've ( obviously ) been critical of the Obama administration in its handling of the financial bailouts , but I think on tax issues , the administration is basically trying to do the right thing .
When you look across the news , you see a bunch of big and small efforts to shut down the worst tax loopholes , from the corporate tax haven loopholes to this life insurance loophole .
That effort is going to have its predictable critics , but when you read a story like the Wall Street Journal 's scoop this week , you see how important it is to ignore those critics .
1 1 1
Rate
It | View Ratings
David Sirota Social Media Pages :
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
I Have a Question for You ... What Are Your Goals ?
If you look up the word ' goal ' in a dictionary the word is defined as " something to aim at , or hope to obtain . "
So , I want you to sit down right now and write the answer to this question on a piece of paper :
" Of all the things I could do in my life , WHY do I want to learn how to write a music marketing plan ? "
Or better yet , answer this question : " Why do I want to start and run a record label ? "
I ask you to do this because the only business that needs to know how to market music are record labels , they are the ones who have to write these danged things .
So , if you are just an independent musician who has recorded a CD but wants it to sell , then ( whether or not you want to admit it ... ) you are starting your own record label , and record labels must write music marketing plans if they have any chance of selling the recordings they have made !
Music marketing plans are written for a couple of reasons .
Primarily they are written by a record label so that they can figure out what they are going to do to get their recording heard by the public and eventually sell .
Secondly , music marketing plans are written to show investors or other financial lenders that you have a clear picture of the music marketplace and how you will be successful with your label .
Also it is important to remember that these plans are not seen directly by music fans or consumers .
But your fans and customers react to the results of your plan when they hear and buy your music .
So , what should you do before you begin to write your ' FourFront Music Marketing Plan ' ?
First off , do some research on your abilities to run a business , and then research what the business of music marketing entails ... and :
Think About A Few Things Before You Start Writing
What is your financial situation ?
Consider what your money situation is .
If you or any partners in your venture have been in any other businesses check out how well ( or not ) those ventures went .
Find out if you really have the ability to start and operate your own record label .
( Take a look at any previous profit and loss statements , start - up budgets , equipment you bought , operating budgets you created , etc ) and analyze honestly your opinion of yourself and any potential partners as savvy business people . )
Now , please answer these questions :
* If you are just starting out , have you done any ' business modeling ' on an Excel spreadsheet ?
( In other words have you at least tried to project the expenses and possible realistic income your record release may generate over the next year to 3 years ? )
* Are you aware of all the contracts and responsibilities you might encounter as a record label ; recording contracts , royalty payments , mechanical licenses , sampling clearances , music publishing issues , etc ?
* Do you really have a real understanding of your particular music marketplace : your competitors , the geographical areas you want to cover ?
* Are you crystal clear about who your target customer or fan is , ( in other words ... what your niche is ? )
* Do you have the latest and most useful demographic AND psychographic data on your chosen customers / fans ?
( the hard facts about them and the more subtle psychological traits they portray ? )
* Have you considered all the legal or business issues your label needs to be aware of , such as what business form your label will take , what kind of business licenses you might need , what taxes you must pay ?
* Do you have any knowledge of existing distribution channels that might be available to you ?
* Do you keep up on any and all information on the music trends in your chosen music markets ?
Meaning , do you subscribe to such music industry magazines as Billboard , or subscribe online to any of the many music industry newsletters , blogs or podcasts that are available to you ?
If you still feel like you are a candidate for starting - up and running your own record label , then It 's now time to start learning how to write a music marketing plan based on The Four Fronts of Music Marketing that the book Music Is Your Business ; A Musician 's FourFront Strategy for Success , 3rd Edition is all about .
Before I start getting into all the details involved with writing a music marketing plan , lets take a quick refresher course on what the ' Four Fronts Of Music Marketing ' are all about and how they " work together " :
The First Front is called Artist and Product Development and it is the ONLY Front that is divided into Two Parts : Artist Development is concerned with the issues surrounding preparing your career while Product Development is about making and selling your records .
Then comes :
The Second Front : Promotion ( Getting Airplay for Your Music )
The Third Front : Publicity ( Creating a Buzz in the Media )
The Fourth Front : Performance ( Finding Your Audience )
The last 3 Fronts are called the Exposure Fronts , which means that getting music fans to hear the music is the job of Promotion plans , reading or hearing about the music or the artist is the job of Publicity plans , and seeing the music performed live is the job of any Performance plans , which IF all of these Fronts have been coordinated well , ultimately will lead back to the Product Development plans that are concerned with getting your fans and customers to buy or download the music .
Remember that all parts of the music business are INTERDEPENDENT on each other ... meaning they all feed off each other and need each other if a music marketing plan is be successful .
And now , it 's time to start writing your plan !
First of All : Discuss Your ' Market Situation '
This is the section of your FourFront Music Marketing Plan where you write a clear description of what the state of the music industry is today .
You succinctly describe the health of the music business , as you see it and what your research has shown
* What specific products are record labels concerned with , and what kind of services are record labels and other aspects of the recording industry offering ?
* What is the value , in dollars , of music today in terms of sales and sales trends ?
* What are your specific music sales and distribution options available today ?
* What broadcasting opportunities are available to you ?
* What press and other media could be of use to you ?
* What type of music venues might you be able to perform at ?
* What regions of the country or the world do you intend to cover ?
* Describe your fanbase and customers in terms of their population base , demographics , ages , income levels , ethnic or religious backgrounds .
* Who are your direct and indirect music competitors in your chosen music marketplace ?
* Historically , how well has your genre of music and more recently how well is it selling ?
Your market situation section might read like this if you were starting a label :
Caustic Records is an independent record label that started up in late 2007 .
We specialize in Northwest singer / songwriter releases from artists that write their own music .
This segment of the music industry accounts for 15 % of the total music market place for over the last 10 years .
We estimate that there are over 3 million people who enjoy and support the many independent singer / songwriter 's CDs and digital releases annually in the U.S. alone , ( according to Neilson / Soundscan 's annual report on music sales ) , and the singer / songwriter genre brings in close to a billion dollars in revenue from sales of CDs , MP3 file downloads , sheet music and various music licensing deals .
We hope to build the company in the first 3 years to bring in around $ 200,000 in annual sales by the end of our third year in business .
We will use independent record distributors and music stores as our source of getting the music to our demographic , while at the same time taking advantage of the increasing digital aggregators like iTunes and CDBaby to reach our target audience of mid-twenties to early thirties men and women who are of mixed races , middle class , college graduates who seek out this style of music regularly .
We will research and target alternative broadcasting possibilities such as non-commercial college and public radio stations , Internet radio , as well as satellite broadcaster XM and Sirius .
In additions we will seek to make connections with the alternative print media publications on and offline , and will suggest alternative live performance venues for our artists when they go on tour .
Our competition are the hundreds of other independent labels putting out this style of music , but we are confident that by concentrating on Pacific Northwest singer / songwriters we will gain a reputation of releasing the best artists in this genre and help put the Northwest on the map for this style of music .
Historically , singer / songwriter music has been a staple of the music industry at large since the 1970's , and we are confident that with sales of this genre fairly steady over the last three decades , it will continue to grow and prosper .
This is just an example of how the Marketing Situation part of a FourFront Music Marketing Plan might work .
Since it is only an example YOU have to write down what your particular situation is like ...
That is the purpose of this exercise .
For example , how much information do you have ãright nowãon your competition , and any demographic information as well ?
The ' market situation ' part of a music marketing plan gives you a chance to pull all this information together in one place , to cement your ideas and justify your actions , which will come up later in your plan .
Now , consider your first label release in the coming year and explain how it stacks - up against the releases of your competitors and describe any significant market opportunity for you that neither you nor your competitors are currently exploiting ?
When you finish your FourFront Music Marketing Plan it will provide a good test of the validity of your research to capture the different snapshots of the market you are in and competing with .
What Are the Threats and Opportunities You Face ?
This section is an extension of the " market situation " section , and it should focus on both the bad and good implications of the current market :
* What trends in the music marketplace are against you ?
* Are there competitive music marketing trends that are ominous ?
* Are your current music products relevant to your target audience and how can you explain how you will succeed in the market as it now exists ?
* What trends in the music marketplace favor you ?
* Are there any competitive trends working to your benefit ?
* Are the demographics of your market in your favor ?
Against you ?
There are lots of places to go to get information on the trends in your market .
You can subscribe to Billboard magazine , or go online and subscribe to the many free email newsletters , like mi2n.com or www.mosesavalon.com or go out and interview music business professionals in your target region to get the answers to the questions that have been brought up so far , or you will soon discover as your planning continues .
Also , go online and use Google.com to create " Google Alerts " on music business topics relevant to your situation and interest .
In addition , be sure you join your local chapter of the National Association of Recording Arts and Sciences ( NARAS ) www.grammy.com who put on regular events to help you and your competitors keep up on all the changes going on technically and business - wise .
Here is an example of how a Threats and Opportunities statement might be written :
Threats
Our company faces four identifiable threats in the coming year :
1. Our PC computers need upgrading to the latest version of any product management software that is currently being used by other indie labels .
In addition we should check out and new accounting and tax software .
To do this will be costly .
We 'll need to work with the existing version of our software for another 10 months , even though this may put us at a service disadvantage with some of our competitors .
2 . There are two other independent record labels in the Northwest releasing similar singer / songwriter CDs , etc .
However , neither of them are currently signing any of the latest talent in this category .
Nevertheless we will have to keep a close eye on these two labels to see if they are starting to sing acts similar to ours .
3 . Our label is currently being run by the two owners of the label and we realize that we must use ' street - teams ' volunteers to help us grow , and too we must be prepared by the 3rd year of being in business to hire and pay at least 1 fulltime publicity person , and 1 part - time sales rep to help us as we grow forward .
4. Rents and leases for our label 's office needs are getting harder and harder to find at affordable rates .
We will need to watch this carefully , and if possible get out of our home - office , as this can adversely affect our image in the Northwest music community .
Opportunities
1 . We are talking to Dell computers to ask for a donation of 2 PCs and it looks like we have the inside track to get the computers because we talked to a Dell representative and qualify for their " start - up business support " program .
2. A local ( Seattle ) club has offered their venue on Monday nights for a " Caustic Records Night of New Talent " which will give us a great chance to showcase not only our latest signed act , but be a showcase for any upcoming singer / songwriters we may want to work with .
3 . We are going to work with the Audio Production Department at the Art Institute of Seattle .
They have a student internship program which could , at least for the short time get us help with the work that needs to be done in the office to address the current shortage of employees we are currently dealing with .
These interns will help us in the areas of Promotion , Publicity , and getting our Product into various music retailers , both on and offline .
4 . In the Georgetown neighborhood of South Seattle they are building new ' artist workspace ' lofts that are going to be rented out to start - up businesses that are on limited budgets for rent space .
What are Your Marketing Objectives ?
In this section of your FourFront Music Marketing Plan , you discuss what you think the future holds for your business :
What marketing objectives do you want to achieve over the course of your plan ?
Each of your marketing objectives should include both a narrative description of what you intend to accomplish with ' the numbers ' to back up what your business projections are .
If you say you just want to make a mark in the singer / songwriter marketplace in the Northwest , that is n't enough .
Saying you want to go from having 0 percent to 5 percent of the regional market for independent singer / songwriter music in the next two years is more realistic AND you can backup that statement with solid data .
( For example , in Seattle the Mayor 's Office for the Arts conducted a survey of the health of the music industry in the greater Puget Sound area in 2005 , and that data is still quite reliable and eye opening for anyone interested in the financial impact of music in that area . )
What Are the Objectives You Hope to Obtain ?
As you can see so far , writing a realistic music marketing plan is n't the easiest thing to do if you are new to this type of work .
So , up next you have to write an Objectives statement that is again - realistic and viable .
How do you do that ?
Even if you have just dabbled and dreamed about starting some kind of music oriented business , go back and talk about your past interest in the music business and how this led to your new label idea .
Perhaps you helped some band or artist with their first release .
Review the past sales figures of that project and do n't worry if the sales results were poor and not very impressive .
The point is this ;
Talk about the interest you have had for a long time about being involved in the music business and let your story demonstrates that you have a real passion and desire for this industry AND write about HOW it led to your idea to have your own legitimate Indie label .
Mention anything that is positive that happened to the act you volunteered to help , for example .
( By the way it 's OK to embellish what you did and what happened to that record , so make a low but reasonable projection for what you 'll be able to accomplish with marketing support toward your new marketing objectives for your new label .
Set modest goals to start , and do n't be tempted to jump too far too fast with any financial information you may guesstimate .
Limit the number of marketing objectives you plan to take on in a given year .
Again , keep your objectives realistic and believable .
Here are some typical general marketing objectives .
* Introduce your new release - not just the CD , but what formats it will be made available in and maybe mention any merchandise that you will create to go with it .
* State generally what current regions or states you want to work your product .
* Mention any new marketplaces you plan to move into .
i.e. the west coast , the whole U.S. and / or the international market .
( Remember if you plan to use the Internet and all it has to offer for the music business , you will be International whether you are prepared for it or not .
It will happen the minute you get your website up and running . )
* Talk about your ' break - out market ' and suggest overall financial goals you can reach in your own ' backyard ' .
( These figures should be lower at first than any projections of national sales for all your music products )
* Mention , without yet going into great detail any unique sales ideas you have to sell your artist 's music , like bundling several releases together and offering them at cheaper prices than buying single CDs .
* Discuss how you plan to setup arrangements for your label and your artists to communicate regularly with your fans .
i.e. Blogs , Podcasts , etc .
* Write about how you believe in the ' Long Tail Theory ' ( If you are not familiar with it go to www.thelongtail.com and learn about how that theory works , and then write about your plans to offer your CDs and downloadable music at lower prices than other indie labels , and why you believe in doing that , plus how it will ultimately help both your label and artists grow and prosper .
* Mention how you will work with both traditional ' brick and mortar ' music distributors and music stores , and how you will work with the many online music aggregators like www.Tunecore.com, www.cdbaby.com, www.amazon.com etc .
* State in general what your plans are for getting any kind of radio airplay such as those college radio and other non-commercial broadcasters , as well as Internet radio stations and even the satellite , and latest type of radio broadcasting -- HD radio stations .
( Hybrid Digital Radio )
* Describe what your publicity plans will be to get your artist 's CDs reviewed , and / or articles written about them in the press , both on and offline publications .
* Discuss your touring and performance plans .
Both , what types of venues they will play , what touring areas you hope to cover , and what you will be doing to help market the record in every city and state your acts will be playing live .
The next section of your plan should include a few objectives , which are spelled out with more specific information :
For Example :
* Objective : Introduce our first CD release by singer / songwriter Susan Westerfield called " Remember Me Now " in the fall of 2008 , using the FourFront Marketing System to get her music marketed properly .
* Objective : Market the first CD release slowly and consistently expanding region by region for at least 3 straight months , or until Susan 's CD and awareness of her sales , radio promotion ideas , publicity strategies , and live touring results have been coordinated so that income goals have been reached allowing us to expand our marketing of the label 's first release into other areas of the country .
* Objective : Design both a web site for our label AND Susan Westerfield .
Use Image - consistent designed pages done by a professional graphic artist who understands the purpose and goals that Caustic Records stands for , This includes having the graphic artist create Logos for both the label and Susan that reflect the style of music the label releases and Susan 's genre of music .
All graphic images for such marketing tools as stationary letterheads , envelopes , business cards , etc. for the label and each signed artist we have contracted with will meet these high levels of Image consistency .
* Objective : Research and hire an independent radio promotion representative who specializes in the singer / songwriter genre and who has demonstrated the ability to get singer / songwriter music added to all relevant types of radio broadcasters , from commercial radio to public and college radio stations , as well as the satellite radio stations and any important Internet broadcasters .
* Remember : Think up 2 or 3 more specific objectives , like the examples above .
Make these specific objectives simple , accountable to you , innovative and achievable .
( Always remember to check your financials to be certain you have the money to implement each of your specific objectives . ) and , of course , go back once again and think if you have forgotten any of the Four Fronts and start trying to involve one or more of the Fronts , so you can demonstrate your understanding of how working with several Fronts together , you are truly activating the principle of how the different Fronts are interdependent on one another .
The Details of Your Music Marketing Plan
This part of your FourFront Music Marketing Plan is where you get down to details even more than you already have earlier .
Think of this section as the part where the ' grunt - work ' involved in carrying out every objective you have chosen is spelled out in great detail .
If you have done a good job using an Excel spreadsheet to put in realistic financial information into it for ALL the possible expenses and revenue sources you can think of for your goals and objectives then , you have proven to yourself and anyone that wants to see your marketing plan that you have the money to implement your plan .
The ideas you have chosen to work on will be able to be implemented because your " business modeling " was accurate and realistic .
By the way , have you ever noticed that a lot of the language used in a music marketing plan resembles the intricate details that are written out for a battle plan in some war ?
Really , we have : objectives , plans , targets , fronts etc .
Well , marketers use those kinds of words , because competing at this time in history by starting you own label and releasing your music IS like a war .
Your competition , over 75,000 new CD releases coming out every year have to be dealt with .
All those other labels , and artists or bands are YOUR ENEMY , in a sense .
And your mission ( should you decide to accept it ) is not fun and games .
There is real money at hand and a real competition to get your share of that money , so you need to ' attack ' the competition and defeat them .
This means you do n't want other singer / songwriter artists to get their music on the radio , in stores online and in the brick - and - mortar music retailers .
You do n't want your competition to get that CD review or concert review written about in various print and online publications .
You do n't want some other artist to get that valuable club date or festival gig .
You want all that and more !
So you have no other choice but to get ' down in the trenches ' like any real warrior must do , and WORK like you never have before for your cause .
THAT IS WHAT WRITING A GOOD , HONEST , WELL - FUNDED MUSIC MARKETING PLAN IS ALL ABOUT !
Your key task now is to take each objective and lay out the steps you intend to take to reach your goals and objectives .
As an example , let 's take the first marketing objective mentioned earlier ( Objective : Introduce our first CD release by singer / songwriter Susan Westerfield called Remember Me Now in the fall of 2008 . )
Describe in greater detail - how you will make this happen ?
1 . It is now January of 2008 and in order for our first CD to come out in the fall of 2008 , we will first look for the right Producer for Susan .
This means researching some similar sounding CDs in the singer / songwriter genre that were recorded by Producers in the Seattle or Northwest area , contacting them and asking to listen to some of their work .
We will do this until we find the ' right ' Producer for her .
( By ' right ' we mean the Producer has demonstrated in recording other singer / songwriters that he / she knows what kind of sound is needed to promote her music properly to radio . )
2 . After finding the right Producer for Susan , we will ask the Producer for suggestions on what studios might work best for her sound , or where they like to work .
Our budget for the recording will factor greatly in making our choice for recording her record .
3 . Next , we will contact those recommended studios and get price quotes from each of them , and then meet with the selected Producer and Susan to pick an affordable studio , that fits our financial needs as well as a proper ambience needed for the Producer and Susan to work in .
4 . Once the studio has been selected and a financial arrangement has been reached , we will look at the calendar and pick an available time to book the studio and get started with the recording .
5 . We predict that it will take at least 2 months to record , mix and deliver to our chosen Mastering Engineer what has been recorded .
In order to find a proper Mastering Engineer , we will talk to our Producer and other contacts we have made around town to find the perfect fit for Susan 's record to be mastered .
6 . We need to find a graphic designer who has had experience working with labels and artists and get the CD and any other promotional materials created and approved as soon as possible in order to move on to the next stage of product development .
7 . We expect to have the mastered CD ready for duplication by late April of ' 08 .
which means we will have to get any mechanical license and sampling releases taken care of ASAP .
8. Lastly , to prepare for meeting our Fall deadline to have Susan 's CD in the stores , both online and in brick and mortar music stores , and research and choose a distributor , if possible , to help us with this task .
If a distributor cannot be found , since we are a new label , we will have time to work on our own plan to get the CD ready for sale on our chosen Street Date of September 10th , 2008 .
Hopefully , you get the idea now of how to detail an Objective .
The example I have given you really is a VERY detailed description of just your First Objective .
Leave no stone unturned in this section of your FourFront Music Marketing Plan .
Now it 's your turn .
You should have several objectives you have come up with .
If your first objective is not as detailed as the one I gave you go back an re-write it , then move on to your next objective and go through each one describing in detail what needs to be done for it to be accomplished .
For each objective repeat IN DETAIL what steps you need to take to achieve each objective .
Be sure to consult the various sections of this book if you need to remind yourself of what must be done to create a balanced FourFront Marketing Plan .
Believe me I have n't covered ALL the things that need to be done in my earlier example of just one objective .
A reminder :
At some point , once you get a feel for the value of what a music marketing plan is , you may want to get our a calendar and set deadlines for any and all objectives you need to work on , that way you can see " how fast time flies " as the saying goes , and when you meet your deadlines , I can assure you that a feeling of great satisfaction will come over you .
You must take all concrete ideas you wish to implement and get use to planning out a timeline for everything that must be done for each step of your plan .
Also , doing this the first time will be a real challenge for you to " think out " all the things that must be done to get your record out and ready for customers to buy .
After getting through writing your first FourFront Marketing Plan , the next one you do , and the ones after that will become a professional habit .
Writing a good , accurate marketing plan will keep you focused as you go to work each day implementing your plan .
You might , at this point , be thinking to yourself , " What if my plan fails ?
Or what if other opportunities come up to take advantage of that you did n't have in your written plan ? "
Do n't worry about it ... go with the flow !
One of the greatest pleasures of being in the music business is the opportunity to ' improvise ' .
If you get a business opportunity you did n't think of ... just dive into that opportunity and work with it as best you can , and if at some point things do n't work out for whatever reason , Guess what ?
You still have your written marketing plan with all its good ideas to return to , and THAT is another great reason to write your plan .
You have something to fall back on !
I want to return to the topic of creating timelines and meeting deadlines for a moment .
A good yardstick to use in developing your ' timeline ' of what needs to be done when , is this :
Most successful labels mark out a 12 week period for their marketing plan , beginning the timeline when the master recording is delivered to a duplicator , and describes over the 12 weeks , what the label must do so that the record is at retailers by the target ' street release date ' .
Budgets : Never Forget What Things Cost
When we had to find a title for this book , Music Is Your Business : A
Musician 's FourFront Strategy For Success , the 3rd Edition , Bartley F. Day and I felt that whatever title we chose for the book , and whatever issue we had to write about , we had to convey to you the inescapable fact that being a professional musician at this time in history is accepting the responsibility that you can only be successful if you take the business and legal aspects that independent artists and bands must confront , seriously .
So , when writing your FourFront Music Marketing Plan , be as honest and accurate as possible when projecting the costs for operating your own label and the costs for marketing your music releases .
Do n't try to cheat your way out of a difficult situation by changing the costs of things , or trying to take shortcuts .
If you do that , you will only have yourself to blame , when things do n't work out .
Face the financial realities that all record labels have to deal with .
No matter what you need to get to run your business , or to market your releases .... keep it real .
When it comes to creating your budget remember this tip .
In most ' generic ' marketing plan outlines that I have seen over the years , there is a section in the plan to ' guesstimate ' what the real costs of implementing your plan will be , whether it be a short - term marketing plan that looks only at the first year of your business , or projects further into the future , perhaps two or three years into the future , make it simple .
I will now ' guesstimate ' a budget section that takes into account the money needed for a simple independent record label to operate for one year :
Your budget section might look like this :
Gross sales from First CD Release $ 20,000 Expenditures for First year Budget for annual marketing efforts $ 3,000 Misc .
Advertising $ 2,000 Label / website design , and hosting costs $ 2,000 Various Label Graphic Design needs $ 3,000 Web site promotion costs $ 500 CD Recording / Mastering costs $ 6,000 Radio Promotion campaign $ 2,000 Publicity campaign costs $ 2,000 Copyright / Publishing costs $ 1,500 Music Business conference costs $ 1,500 Misc. costs : ' guesstimate ' a figure $ 1,200
First Year Total Operating Costs - $ 24,700 .
OK , this example may disappoint you , but being a rather ' basic ' example of what to expect in your first year of operations as a new label with a new artist who is also a new act with no previous recordings or real proven success , this sample of money expenditures and what to expect is n't too far off the track .
The Small Business Association , an off - shoot of the U.S. government has released information about start - up business for many decades , and all their reports pretty much conclude that ANY new business probably will not make its first profit until after the third year of operations .
Well , my thought on that is :
The Music Business is very different than most other small businesses .
Our book has done its best to prepare you for all the challenges a new label or artist faces .
The truth is this : most record labels fail to recoup the money they have invested in their music ventures because it is a very challenging business , fraught with many traps and challenges to overcome ... so , MAYBE , you should go back to that Excel spreadsheet and look beyond one year , and project your expenditures and potential profits for 3 to even 4 years into the future .
By that time , with great music , unrelenting determination , and a bit of luck thrown in for good measure , your dreams of making it in this business will be successful .
I hope that by presenting this FourFront Music Marketing example that you take it seriously , and really study your situation , and what you want to accomplish .
Here now are a few last thoughts about creating your marketing plan .
Keep Track Of Every Aspect Of Your Activities !
In marketing lingo , the practice of doing just that is called :
Controls : How To Keep Tabs On Things
Working everyday toward your long term goal of being a successful business man or woman in the music industry requires you take a constant ' pulse ' of your ideas and your objectives .
Do this :
* Have regular meetings with your partners , or employees and interns .
Make communication within your company and your dealings with all the business people you encounter on a daily basis clear , concise , and honest .
Do n't keep secrets about important business decisions from your business team .
* Make sure you stay on budget and meet all deadlines .
* Do n't get into debt ... ever !
( Have other sources of income to support you while your label grows ) , do n't expect to take money out of any revenue that may come in from the sales of your music and use it for your personal needs .
Reinvest that money into your label , so it can have the funds available to sign other artists , release more records , and slowly create a ' catalog ' .
THAT is what the goal for any serious record label should be .
* Be patient !
It takes a good while for a professional record label to growand prosper .
* Keep up on what is going on in this ever changing business ... every day !
* Do n't let stubbornness , or your unwillingness to adapt to changing technologies get the best of you and most of all ...
* Celebrate the little things that you accomplish along the way .
As corny as it may sound the people who have said over the years that the journey is what finding happiness is all about , were right .
It IS the journey you are taking through the world of the music industry that this music marketing stuff is all about .
In fact , it is your only possible ticket to any success .
So get to it !
On behalf of myself , Christopher Knab , and my co-author Bartley F. Day , we hope our book and this marketing plan serve you well .
Keep in touch if you like , we always like to hear your success stories .
Cheers !
Frys
Frys brothers are also responsible for that killer Thebrothers are also responsible for that killer Jason Voorhees number and the very first Sunday Sweet I ever featured : Wall - E
( I 'm pretty sure he was referring to the construction of the cake , though , not his attempt to eat his way through the saucer section . )
Ok
geeking
Wreckie
Trekkies
It 's such a shame that the Star Trek Experience in Vegas is gone ; t his is the kind of stuff that makes me grin my fool head off .
Love it .
( Found here by Anna M. , although the baker is n't listed .
If you know who made it , be sure to tell me . )
( Found here , but again , no bakery credit . )
Boldly
Tribbles
Heh
* And that really is an excellent combination , if I do say so myself .
Cameras Coming to iPod Touch , Nano ?
According to Hardmac.com , “ informations [ sic ] from one of [ their ] sources ” claims the next generation iPod Touch and iPod Nano will be getting cameras added to their hardware specs .
The source also suggests the next iPhone wo n’t change externally , despite rumors .
I ’m willing to believe the first “ informations , ” but only half - way .
A camera on the Touch makes sense .
There are plenty of apps that integrate camera use , making them obsolete if used on the Touch .
Also , acquiring and integrating a camera into a device already running Apple ’s mobile OS should be no trouble .
But why add a camera to the Nano ?
The device is meant to be the ultra slim , stripped down version of the much sexier Touch .
Why do you need a camera ?
And why introduce a camera at two price points ?
If it ’s only on the Touch , snapping pics is just another reason to upgrade from your Nano to your Touch .
I also doubt Apple would try this on an iPod not currently running the same OS as their other camera - capable devices .
On that last rumor , I could go either way .
The iPhone 3G is a sleek little device , and I do n’t see much reason to update it .
On the other hand , Apple ’s way is to make the newer , faster versions of things prettier as well .
Nothing screams “ buy me ” like “ I do n’t look like your other iPhone .
24 minutes of James Cameron 's much - anticipated 3D comeback Avatar have been screened at this year 's Cinema Expo , and according to those who saw them , the movie is as good as you 've been hoping , and then some .
Advertisement
The Hollywood Reporter revealed that the 24 minutes shown were a mixture of scenes from the opening of the movie , alongside " glimpses from unfinished portions of later battle scenes , involving warring sides clashing over control of the fantasy world Pandora , " adding that
[ Avatar studio 20th Century ]
Fox made media covering the event agree not to report details of the " Avatar " images or to interview audience members for reactions .
Advertisement
Of course , that did n't stop sites like Marketsaw having detailed spoilers available soon afterwards .
Spoilers ahead .
The first of the scenes shown introduced Sam Worthington 's crippled former marine Jake Sully being briefed on the deadliness of the N'avi by commanding officer Stephen Lang .
The second scene showed Worthington , Joel Moore and Sigourney Weaver 's Dr. Grace Augustine discussing how the Avatar technology works while standing over either inactive avatars or subdued Na'vi ( Reports differ ) , before the next scene shows Worthington and Moore 's characters inhabit their half - human , half - Na'vi avatars for the first time , something Marketsaw raved about :
They look NOTHING like the drawing you 've seen .
They 're living creatures with blue skin , bigger yellow eyes than humans with tails .
The avatars even look like their human connectors .
You will NOT believe the detail .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The fourth scene shows the avatars exploring the jungle of the planet Pandora , running into alien beasts and flora Marketsaw described as " all liv[ing ] , breath[ ing ] and work[ing ] . "
The final two completed scenes introduced Zoe Saldana 's Neytiri , as she saves Sully 's avatar from being attacked by dog - like creatures before entering a N'avi village together in a scene that explains the backstory of her people .
The final scene shown was incomplete - and likened by many to a video game - from the end of the movie , showing a battle between humans and N'avi .
Advertisement
Even spoiler - free discussion of the scenes are enough to get excited about , though ; Coming Soon 's correspondent was stunned by what they saw :
[ I]t took my breath away .
I thought — just like you guys — that I 've seen it all with Gollum , or The Hulk , but Cameron has done it again .
These creatures seem so real , that within minutes you forget you 're watching an enormous and very blue CGI character .
Even the eyes are totally convincing .
The characters have real personalities and a soul ...
The effects are in a league of their own .
After some disappointing or even pointless 3 - D movies , " Avatar " may be the first movie where 3 - D is properly utilized .
Advertisement
IESB 's anonymous commenter offered a similarly eager outlook :
It makes me want to create a time machine like Cartman from South Park , so that I do n't have to wait till the 18th of December to watch the finished movie .
If it 's anything like the scenes I saw , it 's going to be one of the best movies of the decade .
Advertisement
Twitter chatter from the lucky few who saw the footage was , if anything , more excitable :
this technology will change moviehistory .
And trust me , i'm not shitting ya .
It 's insane .
Advertisement
And from the Norwegian Unique Cinema Systems Nord Twitter :
Footage from " Avatar " at # cinexpo was stunning , literally jawdropping .
Amazing visuals unlike any before seen , with incredible detail .
Advertisement
With this level of anticipation , is it any wonder that even the Times of London is indulging in outrageous hyperbole by asking " Will Avatar be the biggest movie ever ? "
Avatar is due to open December 18th .
Fox Broadcasting is taking a pass on President Obama 's Wednesday news conference , opting instead to run a new episode of its crime drama " Lie to Me , " starring Tim Roth .
Although there wo n't be a lack of Obama outlets for viewers -- including Fox 's cable channels Fox News and Fox Business Network -- when a broadcast network says no to a president it generates attention .
Journalists are hyping that this is the first time in the Obama presidency that a broadcast network has turned down a request for airtime .
Of course , Obama 's presidency is all of 100 days old and this is already his fourth request for airtime .
Fox and other networks have been quietly complaining that all these requests for " free airtime " are doing little to stimulate their bottom line -- which , given the recession , appears to be a lower bottom all the time .
Still , there is a school of thought -- or used to be anyway -- that says since Fox Broadcasting has government licenses to operate its television stations , it should not be so stingy when the nation 's leader wants a little time to speak , even if the press conference will be available on at least 10 other outlets .
Although the press conference will be on Fox News , it will still give the left ammunition that Fox parent Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. is against the current administration .
Getting a free pass from carrying the Obama press conference is the CW .
But hey , that would mean preempting " America 's Top Model , " and no one should have to make that sacrifice for their country .
-- Joe Flint
Photos : President Obama by Nancy Stone / Chicago Tribune ; Tim Roth as Dr. Cal Lightman , " the foremost deception expert in the country , " on " Lie to Me , " by Frank Ockenfels / Fox
When state lawmakers vote on legalizing medical marijuana later this month , state Sen.
Diane Savino expects to be front and center in favor .
After all , Ms. Savino ( D - North Shore / Brooklyn ) is a bill co-sponsor .
But her support is less about the political and more about the personal :
She believes her late parents -- both of whom " died young " of cancer -- would have benefited from it , saying it would have alleviated the great pain they were in .
" No question about it , " said Ms. Savino .
" They were in chronic pain .
Morphine did n't work .
You get to the point where nothing works .
If marijuana is going to provide some sort of relief , then let them have it . "
Ms. Savino's father , Alexander , was 53 when he died in 1990 ; her mother , Diane , 61 , when she died in 1998 .
But it looks like Ms. Savino has her work cut out for her when it comes to convincing her fellow Staten Island lawmakers to vote in favor .
Only Assemblyman Matthew Titone ( D - North Shore ) said he plans to do so , calling it a " matter of compassion . "
He said his late mother , Margaret , who died of cancer in March at the age of 79 , could have benefited from its palliative powers .
The Senate bill -- there 's a companion piece in the Assembly -- would give seriously ill patients the ability to purchase the drug through a registered dispensing facility with a physician 's OK .
Proponents say scientific research has shown the use of marijuana can lessen the pain that comes with debilitating illnesses .
They also point out that users would have to register with the state Health Department and be permitted to have no more than 21/2 ounces at a time .
But Island opponents point out that the sale of marijuana is against federal law , and note the legislation does not address the illegality of selling it .
Set to vote against it are : State Sen. Andrew Lanza ( R - Staten Island ) ; Assemblyman Lou Tobacco ( R - South Shore ) ; Assemblyman Michael Cusick ( D - Mid- Island ) and Assemblywoman Janele Hyer - Spencer ( D - Mid- Island / Brooklyn ) -- even though she said her father Jerry , who died in 2007 of cancer at age 69 , might have benefited from its " medicinal " properties .
" The bill has a component that the buyer can purchase the marijuana and not be liable , " said Ms. Hyer - Spencer .
" But there is no way for the state of New York to say we are not going to prosecute .
The seller is always going to be held liable criminally on a federal level .
So you have to start at the federal level . "
" While I could be supportive of it for medicinal use , if it can be helpful , " said Lanza , " I am concerned because I do n't want there to be legislation that , intentionally or not , turns this into a Trojan Horse for decriminalization . "
But Ms. Savino said that should not be a concern .
" The law would provide for the dissemination and use to be heavily controlled , " she said .
" We are not talking about people buying it on the street . "
The bottom line , said Ms. Savino , is trying to alleviate the pain of those who are sick and suffering : " After a while whatever they give you stops working .
Chemotherapy is hard on the body .
There is nausea , vomiting , fatigue .
This is something that provides respite .
The chemical components ( of marijuana ) have also been shown to ease anxiety .
It does n't have to be smoked ; it can be ingested .
Traditional medical treatments do n't provide the relief people need . "
So far two states have approved its use , Massachusetts and Michigan .
One of the most innovative and simultaneously controversial features of KDE 4 is the Plasma widget , Folderview .
Simply put , it allows a user to display the contents of a file system folder within a widget on the desktop .
Beyond just displaying files on your computer , Folderview can be used to launch applications , display remote file systems , filter large folders for particular types of files , or serve as a traditional desktop .
Application Launcher
Folderview is a great way to display icons of the applications you use most on the desktop , in an organized fashion .
Instead of having them mixed in with documents , shortcuts , and various other icons like on traditional desktops , they can be in their own box .
I prefer to have mine in a long rectangle stretched across the length of my panel .
Here is how to do it :
1. Create a new Folderview widget by right clicking on the desktop and unlocking your widgets ( if necessary ) .
Then , click “ Add widgets ” .
Another easy way to create a Folderview is to simply drag an existing folder to the desktop .
2 . Find the Folderview widget and drag it onto the desktop wherever you want it to be .
You can also resize it however you like .
Even if you want it very small , a scroll bar will appear if there is more than one icon .
3 . It will have most likely displayed your desktop files by default .
So , you will need to change the location .
Right click on the Folderview titlebar and click “ Folderview settings ” .
4 . From the settings , you can “ specify a folder ” .
Instead of choosing a folder you already have , create a new one called “ Apps ” or “ Applications ” .
Click “ OK ” .
5 . Now , to get application icons into your Folderview , all you have to do is drag icons from your K - menu .
It will ask you to copy or link .
Click “ copy ” .
You can also open Dolphin and go to “ programs : / ” .
This will list all of the programs in your menu .
You can then drag them to Folderview .
The names of the application icons will have the “ . desktop ” extension .
If you find this unsightly , as I did , simply rename the files , deleting the “ .desktop ” .
You are then left with a nice , neat , desktop application launcher .
Remote File Systems
Nearly all KDE applications can utilize its kio- slave technology , and Plasma is no exception .
With it , you can seamlessly connect to other computers with FTP , SSH , and Samba .
To connect to an FTP server , you simply type :
ftp://[email protected ]
For a secure connection , use sftp instead of ftp .
For Samba , use smb .
To use this feature in Folderview in order to have an open connection to a remote computer visible on your desktop , just edit the Folderview settings and specify the URL .
Filtering Folders
Suppose you have a folder filled with documents , but you only want OpenDocument Text ( .odt ) files to be visible .
It is easy with Folderview :
1. Open the Folderview setings
2. Click “ Filter ”
3. Click “ Show Files Matching ” from the drop - down menu .
4. Click on the file types of your choice .
You can also use this to exclude certain file types by selecting “ Hide Files Matching ” from the drop - down menu .
Traditional Desktop
If you prefer to have a traditional desktop as found in KDE 3 , Gnome , Windows , and Mac OS X , Folderview can help with that too .
1. Right click on the desktop .
2. Click “ Appearance Settings ” .
3 . The first drop - down menu says “ Type ” next to it .
Click it and change it from “ Desktop ” to “ Folder View ” .
After you click OK , the Folderview will have expanded over the entire desktop and will behave like it did in KDE 3 .
The uses and features of Folderview are only limited by the uses and features of KDE .
As KDE 4 continues to mature , Folderview will continue to grow into a useful and powerful desktop tool .
Damn , that 's hot .
I was hoping for something like this for Left4 Dead sooner than later , and here it is , kickass .
Stuff like this is exactly why PC gaming will never die , the community and ability to stretch a game to it 's breaking point from a creative standpoint without the restrictions of companies like MS and Sony keeping creative content out of the hands of the people who love gaming .
I can't imagine owning a Valve game , or a game from any company that embraces the modding community , on anything other than a PC platform .
Where major demonstrations have taken place
Story Highlights
Iranians have taken to the streets of Tehran to protest their presidential election
Supporters of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad have also made their voices heard
Click the map to see where rallies have taken place since June 13
View Transcript
Transcript
The MBA verses the crazy old witch
The boss says , " I do n't know who to believe . "
The boss says , " Spreadsheets do n't lie , but neither does bat excrement . "
The boss says , " Remind me again who ruined the economy .
Was it witches ? "
Technology.am ( May 4 , 2009 ) —
An upgrade to Zenprise ’s mobile - phone management software will let IT administrators to find lost phones by using GPS .
If a worker loses a BlackBerry , an IT administrator can remotely locate the device on a Google Map .
Even if the GPS capability is turned off on the phone , an IT administrator can remotely turn it on , said Ahmed Datoo , vice president of marketing for Zenprise .
Device Manager is a new module for Zenprise ’s existing MobileManager , initially only works on BlackBerry phones .
The Device Manager consists of a small , 100KB application that resides on the phone and communicates with back - end software used by IT managers .
Companies can push the phone client out to users over the air .
Once the agent is on the device , it stays in sleep mode unless a command from the IT department wakes it up .
That ensures that it does n’t consume battery life unnecessarily .
Zenprise ’s Device Manager has other tools , the device auditor feature that displays a list of all third - party applications on the phones .
If the IT department finds some applications that may not be allowed under company policy , an administrator can ask the user to uninstall the program .
Or , the administrator can remotely uninstall the application , Datoo said .
If user ’s phone is sluggish , IT can sort the applications , and if applications might not be necessary can be deleted .
IT can also remotely look at several other device performance measures , like battery level , how much memory is being used , real - time wireless signal strength , which wireless data network the device is connected to and how long a device has been disconnected .
Device Manager costs $ 20 per month per phone , in addition to the $ 35 per month per phone for the MobileManager .
For now , it ’s only available for BlackBerry devices , but Zenprise expects to extend it to Windows Mobile and the iPhone in the future .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Dear Annie :
Once again this year I 've been put in charge of our division 's summer internship program , and to be honest , I 'm dreading it .
I 'm not a big fan of generalizations about entire generations - I'm a Boomer and never feel like the stereotypes describe me - but I find " millennials , " a.k.a.
Generation Y , just baffling .
For one thing , they seem both overly ambitious and not ambitious enough .
For instance , last year , one very bright and talented intern asked me how long it had taken me to get to my level in the company ( 14 years ) , then said he could do it in half the time .
Yet he was n't a hard worker and left on the dot of five every single day , no matter what was going on .
I did my best to try and explain the connection between effort and advancement , but I doubt that it sunk in .
This year we have a new crop of 22 college seniors coming in , and we 're going to expect them to accomplish some real results .
Do you have any advice on how to communicate effectively with people in this age group ?
- Open to Suggestions
Dear Open : Have I got a book for you .
Bruce Tulgan , head of a consulting firm called Rainmaker Thinking , has made a career out of counseling hundreds of companies , from Abbott Laboratories ( ABT , Fortune 500 ) to Walt Disney ( DIS , Fortune 500 ) , on how to attract , motivate , and keep young employees .
His latest book is Not Everyone Gets a Trophy : How to Manage Generation Y ( Jossey - Bass , $ 24.95 ) .
Tulgan agrees with you that not all members of any generation are alike .
Still , " there are broad trends and patterns of behavior that can be useful in understanding what makes someone in a given age group tick . "
Gen Y , roughly defined as anyone born between 1978 and 1990 , has been " coached and tutored and guided and over - parented at every step of the way " in their short lives so far , Tulgan observes , so they may strike you as much more high - maintenance than you or your peers ever were .
" The sink - or - swim method of management many Boomers experienced , where you 're expected to figure things out for yourself , does not work with Gen Y , " he says .
" They need all - day , every - day coaching , and it has to start as soon as they walk in the door . "
Not Everyone Gets a Trophy is chock full of mini-case studies from the companies where Tulgan has helped managers get great results from Gen Y employees - while keeping them happy so they do n't leave - and I wish I had the space to reprint the whole book here .
I do n't , so here are five suggestions ( from Chapter 8 ) for firing up your interns :
1 . Set clear ground rules at the outset .
" Managers tell me every day that Gen Yers fail to meet a lot of unspoken expectations about behavior in the workplace , " says Tulgan .
" I have an idea : Speak them . "
Of course , this requires you to figure out in some detail exactly what your expectations are .
Then state them in no uncertain terms .
" The more you spell out clear ground rules up front , the better things will go , " says Tulgan .
" Write them down .
They will serve as an easy point of reference whenever you want to remind one of your interns of something that matters to you : ' We both know that this is one of my ground rules . ' "
2. Establish a regular time and place for one - on - one meetings .
" Remember that Gen Yers have grown up hyperscheduled , " Tulgan says .
" They thrive on that kind of structure , and they thrive on one - on - one , personalized attention . "
So you , and any of your peers who are working with this crop of interns , need to sit down with each one to discuss his or her work as often as you can - every day if possible , but if not , then at least once a week .
It 's a chance to set goals , talk about problems , and find out what your interns might need from you .
" Making a plan to meet regularly , no matter how busy things get , is a huge commitment for both of you .
It 's a powerful statement that you care enough to spend time setting this person up for success , " says Tulgan .
" It 's also a lot of pressure on both of you .
But it 's good pressure . "
3. Focus on solutions , not problems .
As one executive with a successful track record of managing Gen Y employees told Tulgan , " They want to improve .
If you talk about continuous improvement , they are all ears . "
So teach them how , by concentrating on what happens next .
Whenever something goes wrong , says Tulgan , " keep asking : Exactly what concrete actions - next steps - are you going to take now ?
What can you do to improve ?
What do you need to revise and adjust ? "
There was a reason Socrates asked his pupils so many questions .
When people figure something out on their own , the lesson sticks .
4. Keep track of their performance .
It may be tempting not to bother monitoring and evaluating your interns ' performance the way you would with a " real " employee .
But if you want great results from these young people , skipping the evaluation process would be a mistake .
Tulgan recommends asking customers for feedback on the interns ' work , asking other managers , and asking Gen Yers themselves to describe and evaluate what they 're accomplishing .
When in doubt , err on the side of excessive attention to detail .
As one Gen Yer told Tulgan , " I 'd rather have a manager who is keeping really close track of what I 'm doing than one who does n't know who I am or what I 'm doing and does n't care . "
5 . Teach them how to get what they need from you .
Managers often tell Tulgan that Gen Yers make a lot of requests and demands .
" I tell them , ' They 're doing you a favor by asking for things .
Once you know what they want from you , you have the key to getting what you want from them . ' "
Without bogging down in endless negotiations , come up with a quid pro quo :
You can have A if you 'll agree to do ( or stop doing ) B. Handled correctly , a demand from a GenYer can turn into an opportunity to offer him or her a reward linked directly to performance - which is what really motivates most millennials .
If this all sounds like a lot of work , it is .
" I 'm not saying that taking on this constant coaching is good news for managers , " says Tulgan .
" I 'm just saying it works . "
Whatever else you may think of this generation , Tulgan notes , they bring " a wealth of technical knowledge , energy , enthusiasm , and a tremendous openness to new ideas . "
And what company could n't use more of those ?
" They 're worth the trouble , " says Tulgan .
" Do n't humor them .
Take them seriously , and they 'll reward the effort . "
Here 's hoping .
Readers , what do you think ?
If you manage Gen Y employees , do you think they differ from other generations ?
What do you like and dislike about their work ?
Any tips on communicating effectively with them ?
Gen Yers , what do you like or dislike about the way your boss deals with you ?
What motivates you ( or does n't ) to do your best work ?
Post your thoughts on the Ask Annie blog .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Field investigators at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Friday it appears the new H1N1 virus outbreak may be more widespread and milder in Mexico than it first appeared .
So far the swine flu virus has behaved like seasonal flu as it has spread to 14 countries , carried mostly by travelers from Mexico .
The World Health Organization says it cannot be stopped , but has no immediate plans to declare a pandemic -- a global outbreak of a new and serious disease .
Here are some ways the situation could develop :
FIZZLE OUT
Everyone is hoping this flu strain will just fizzle out .
Influenza is a promiscuous virus , readily swapping genes with other flu viruses in a person ’s or animal ’s body .
It also mutates constantly .
These factors mean it can quickly grow worse or become milder .
It could at any time lose its ability to transmit easily from one person to another and join the mix of regular seasonal flu strains .
If this happens WHO , which has declared the world at the brink of a pandemic , will almost certainly be criticized for over - reacting .
But public health experts will argue that there is no way to predict how a virus will behave and it is better to save lives than to wait until it is too late .
The warnings also give businesses , governments and individuals practice for when a more fatal pathogen does threaten the globe .
And WHO is quick to point out that flu strains often disappear over the summer months , re-emerging in late summer or early autumn .
The pandemic influenza has done this with a vengeance .
MILD PANDEMIC
This last happened in 1968 .
The H3N2 strain killed an estimated 1 million people .
Experts predict that a strain of such virulence today would have less severe effects , with antivirals available that were not on the market 40 years ago .
Even with vaccines , drugs and better public education , ordinary seasonal flu kills between 250,000 and 500,000 people every year .
The difference with a pandemic strain is that there would not immediately be a vaccine against it and it would likely cause serious disease among broader age groups than the very young , very old and immune - compromised who are generally vulnerable to influenza .
There could be disruptions to trade and travel , currency fluctuations , interruptions of supplies needed for manufacturing and a shortage of antivirals and the antibiotics needed to treat the “ co-infections ” that often accompany flu .
Some reports predict a shortage of ventilators , and hospitals in many countries , especially the United States , already operate at full capacity and would be overwhelmed by an influx of newly sick people .
SEVERE PANDEMIC
This is the worst - case scenario .
Every 30 - 40 years the world suffers an influenza pandemic , with a new strain of flu spreading rapidly , causing serious disease and killing hundreds of thousands of people within a few weeks .
The 1918 pandemic is considered the worst - case scenario .
At least 40 million people died in 18 months and the epidemics passed over communities in waves .
But that was in the pre-antibiotic era , in a time when even simple infections killed people , no mechanical ventilators were available and vaccines were primitive at best .
The general population had little idea of how diseases were transmitted .
Even so , experts predict a 1918 - like flu would keep 40 percent of the workforce out at any time , with people either sick , caring for sick relatives or children out of school , or simply lying low .
That would lead to shortages of supplies and even power outages .
If this kind of pandemic struck today , millions could die , world trade would slow to a crawl and many economies would crumble .
Many people who have had success with their Mercedes Benz cars have said that getting a Mercedes dealer has helped them to be able to get great deals on them .
Of course , there are many different dealers out there and they all can offer you a variety of different options so you will have to … Read more Finding a Dealer to Help You Get the Right Mercedes Benz
Twitter is capable of helping you do everything from landing a job to serving customers .
Recently , however , Twitter has found an incredible and heartwarming use : raising money to save a dog 's life .
According to the Examiner , two roommates from Texas , Jamie Whitt ( @WeblogofWeeds ) and Connie Donnellan ( @cdonnellan ) , found an injured pitbull on the side of the road in need of immediate care .
The problem : it would cost $ 400 for the amputations necessary to keep the dog , Caesar , from being euthanized .
So the girls put their Twitter accounts to work .
They tweeted and tweeted , asking followers to spread the news about Caesar 's plight .
They collected donations via Paypal .
Within a few days , they had nearly $ 500 , enough to cover Caesar 's surgery and some extra for food until a family can permanently adopt him .
It 's not the first time social media has proven its value to society .
Twitter has helped keep people from being unjustly incarcerated and has been an incredible tool for charities .
This is just more proof that social media can be an enabler for positive change .
A TV news report , embedded below , tells the heart - warming tale ( apologies for the imperfect quality : KBTX does not allow embeds directly from its site ) .
More Twitter resources from Mashable :
Gingrich : ' Liberal fascists ' moving us towards ' political dictatorship ' David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday March 26 , 2009
Print This Email This President Barack Obama has been in office just over three months , yet former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich is already forecasting a looming " political dictatorship . "
In a televised interview with Fox editorialist Sean Hannity on March 25 , Gingrich cited Jonah Goldberg 's Liberal Fascism as reference for what he sees Democrats in Congress and the White House pushing for .
" I think [ Goldberg ] ought to reissue it as sort - of an introductory guide to how the left is thinking this year , " said Gingrich .
" We are seeing the biggest power grab by politicians in American history .
" ...
The idea that they would propose the Treasury can intervene and take over non-bank , non-financial system assets , gives them the potential to basically create a dictatorship .
You do n't do what they want , they take over your company .
" ... It absolutely moves you toward a political dictatorship , " he said .
" Is something missing here ? " asked David Oshinsky in the New York Times 's Sunday book review , part - way through his critique of Liberal Fascism .
" Goldberg races from Wilson to Roosevelt to Kennedy and on to Bill Clinton with barely a glance at what happened in between .
The reason is simple : for Goldberg , fascism is strictly a Democratic disease . "
And for Gingrich , the same is apparently true .
" We may not have realized it at the time , but in the period from late 2001 - January 19 , 2009 , this country was a dictatorship , " wrote Scott Horton in Harper's .
" The constitutional rights we learned about in high school civics were suspended .
That was thanks to secret memos crafted deep inside the Justice Department that effectively trashed the Constitution .
What we know now is likely the least of it . "
Gingrich , though a longtime antagonist of the Bush political dynasty , never called George W. Bush 's presidency fascist or dictatorial .
" As has been demonstrated time and again , the right wing has nothing to offer but demonizing attacks on progressive policies , " noted Think Progress blogger Ben Armbruster .
" Seeing that Gingrich has escalated the game to ' dictatorship , ' what will be next ? "
Asked that very question -- " What 's next ? " --
Gingrich told reporters earlier in March that he may run for president in 2012 , but only " if it 's necessary . "
Gingrich was House Speaker from 1995 until January 1999 .
Gingrich had tried to exploit President Bill Clinton 's personal woes during the election season , but the tactic backfired as Republicans suffered one of their worst electoral performances in years .
This video is from Fox 's Hannity , broadcast Mar. 25 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
" One day a little boy came up , he must have been about four and he saw me taking off my ( prosthetic ) legs and he started with the ' why ' questions , you know , ' why have n't you got any legs ' , etc .
And I said ' have you heard of The Little Mermaid and he said ' yes ' and I said ' I 'm a mermaid ' and he got this look on his face and he said ' wow that 's cool ' and ran off to tell his dad . "
Nadya Vessey is a woman from New Zealand who was born with a condition that meant her legs would never develop properly and by the time she was 16 she had both her legs amputated .
However she is a woman with a great inborn fortitude and a lot of humour :
The idea however stuck in her mind and she found the courage to ask directly to WETA Digital Peter Jackson 's digital visual effects company , famous for having realized the visual effects for academy award - winning blockbusters like The Lord of the Rings trilogy , The Chronicles of Narnia and King Kong ) if they would realize for her a mermaid tail to help her swim .
She probably never believed they actually would but their answer was Yes !
Two years of study , eight creative artist , and the masterpiece was ready , a fully - functioning tail complete with a fitted suit , and covered with digitally printed sock with hand - painted mermaid scales .
Nadya was astounded and delighted ...'
It was absolutely amazing , ' said costumer Lee Williams .
' It 's beautiful to watch Nadya swim and to see that dream come true and to be a part of that .
I feel quite blessed .
' See Nadya finally swimming like a true mermaid and listen to interviews to WETA artists in the following videos :
Holy Moly !
Religious App Joins List of Apple Rejects " Me So Holy " joins Baby Shaker , iBoob and others on list of banned iPhone apps .
May 13 , 2009  --
And the list of Apple rejects continues to grow .
The latest iPhone and iTouch application to get the ax , " Me So Holy , " lets users superimpose their own faces on religious figures , including Jesus and photos of nuns .
Once the new image is created , users can e-mail it to friends or upload it directly to Facebook .
Benjamin Kahle and Heather Lipner , the app's co-creators , received a rejection letter from Apple Monday , saying that the app " contains objectionable content " and is in violation of its developer 's agreement .
The letter went on to say that , " Applications must not contain any obscene , pornographic , offensive or defamatory content or materials of any kind ( text , graphics , images , photographs , etc. ) , or other content or materials that in Apple 's reasonable judgment may be found objectionable by iPhone or iPod touch users . "
On their blog , Kahle and Lipner wrote : " You may be familiar with recent snafus over the baby - shaker app and the rejection of the Nine Inch Nails apps .
Our question is , is religion really to be placed in the same category as these violent apps ?
Sex , urine and defecation do n't seem to be off - limits , yet a totally non-violent , religion - based app is .
" We feel that Apple is being too sensitive to its perceived user group and are disappointed that this otherwise creative , freethinking company would reject such a positive and fun application .
The message to developers is that they should think inside the box , rather than outside it . "
Kahle and Lipner hope Apple reconsiders and that they 'll emerge victorious from this latest " battle of values " playing out in the Apps store .
Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment from ABCNews.com .
The company announced a couple of weeks ago that customers have downloaded more than 1 billion applications from the App Store .
It has also said that amid the thousands of iPhone and iPod touch applications submitted to Apple , about 4 percent do n't make the grade .
Here are nine other apps that ran into problems .
Baby Shaker
Another recent app to grab headlines , the 99 cent Baby Shaker , was pulled from the App Store Wednesday after it prompted outrage from organizations such as the National Center on Shaken Baby Syndrome and the Sarah Jane Brain Foundation .
The description of the app said , " See how long you can endure his or her adorable cries before you just have to find a way to quiet the baby down ! "
The program displays a black and white picture of a baby with the sound of crying .
Users shake the iPhone to stop the crying until Xs appear on the eyes of the baby .
The company behind the app , Sikalosoft , did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
Apple offered an apology Thursday , the same day the App Store reached 1 billion downloads .
Apple spokeswoman Natalie Kerris said the game was " deeply offensive " and should not have been approved for sale , according to The Associated Press .
" We sincerely apologize for this mistake , " Kerris said in a statement .
' I Am Rich '
Before Apple yanked this $ 999.99 iPhone and iPod Touch application from the App Store in August , eight people had purchased the functionless application .
Designed by German developer Armin Heinrich , the program did nothing but broadcast to the world the wealth of the owner .
Once downloaded and activated , " I Am Rich " displayed a glowing , red " ruby " on the user 's iPhone screen .
In its official App Store description , the developer wrote : " The red icon on your iPhone or iPod Touch always reminds you ( and others when you show it to them ) that you were able to afford this .
...
It 's a work of art with no hidden function at all . "
According to tech blog Valleywag , one curious patron accidentally downloaded the application , thinking it was a joke .
But it seems that seven others -- five in the United States , one in Germany and one in France -- meant to actually buy the pricey program .
' I Am Poor '
When another developer tried to spoof the " I Am Rich " app with a " poor man 's version , " Apple denied that one , too .
Submitted to Apple later in August , " I Am Poor " was intended to be the ultimate un -status symbol .
" It displays my artistic rendition of the poor college students standard meal -- ramen , mac & cheese , and tuna fish , " Hardy Macia , the app's developer and owner of Canterbury , N.H. - based Catamount Software , wrote on his blog after getting Apple 's rejection notice .
Apple told him it was turned down because it did n't contain any user - accessible functionality , he said .
Macia said he adapted the app in March so that it 's now an E - Book of P.T. Barnum 's " Art of Money Getting . "
But he 's still waiting for word from Apple .
" Their process -- why they approve stuff and why they do n't -- is really a black - box type of thing , " he told ABCNews.com .
' Prohibition 2 : Dope Wars '
Still , Apple 's vague process has not stopped Macia from trying , and failing , again .
He learned in January that his game " Prohibition 2 : Dope Wars " had also been rejected .
In the game , users pretend to be drug dealers in New York City trying to make as much money as possible in 30 days by trafficking illegal substances .
Macia said Apple rejected him because it violated the company 's guidelines for developers .
In its Software Development Kit ( SDK ) , it says that " Applications must not contain any obscene , pornographic , offensive or defamatory content or materials of any kind ( text , graphics , images , photographs , etc. ) , or other content or materials that in Apple 's reasonable judgment may be found objectionable by iPhone or iPod touch users . "
But Macia told ABCnews.com that it 's not like iTunes and the App Store do n't contain any potentially offensive material .
" The iTunes store has so many songs and movies about cocaine and killing people , " he said .
And the number of farting applications easily exceeds 100 , he added .
" I find 137 farting applications objectionable , " he said .
" I find that a lot ruder than a game . "
Macia went back to the drawing board , changed the name of the game to " Prohibition 1 : Bootlegger , " replaced the names of drugs with the names of alcohol and went back to Apple .
This time , the company approved it .
Encouraged , Macia successfully submitted another game " Prohibition 3 : Candy Wars , " set in a future in which candy is illegal .
Since he 'd scored with two games that were only cosmetically different from the original one that had been rejected , he tried once more .
But , no such luck :
It got the thumbs down again .
My Shoe
When an Iraqi journalist hurled his shoe at President George W. Bush during a news conference in December , he inspired a monument , a host of Web games and , of course , an iPhone app .
But the glory of that game was short - lived .
The popular social media blog Mashable reported in February that " My Shoe , " created by a developer in Pakistan , had been given the no -go by the App store team .
The game used the phone 's accelerometer to let users pretend to throw a shoe at the former president .
In a rejection letter , Apple told the developer it determined that it could not " post this version of your iPhone application to the App Store because it contains content that ridicules public figures , " according to Mashable .
But the developer reportedly took issue with Apple 's rejection , writing , " I feel this is huge discrimination against public opinion , as a major portion of world rejects bush polices on Iraq and attacks on Pakistan . "
' Obama Trampoline '
Patrick Alphonso , president of Swamiware , received a similar response from Apple when he submitted " Obama Trampoline . "
The game , he thought , was pretty innocuous .
You choose a U.S. politician from either side of the political aisle and have him or her jump on a trampoline in the Oval Office .
Using the accelerometer , you could make Sarah Palin do a flip , tilt a pants - less Bill Clinton to the side or turn Barack Obama upside down .
Having already successfully submitted strategy , word and card games , he expected it to get the green light .
But Apple gave a firm " no . "
" I was shocked .
I was expecting to make millions of dollars on this game , " Alphonso told ABCNews.com .
" It 's fun .
People were crazy about Obama , about Palin .
The artwork was great . "
The reason ?
" They said it ridiculed public officials , " he said , adding that the rule seemed to be : no cartoons of politicians .
But when he explored the back alleys of the App Store , he said he found another approved app that also featured a cartoon of a politician : " Pocket Arnold . "
" [ It ] really killed me , " he said .
But when he e-mailed Apple for further explanation , he said the company did n't provide more specifics .
iBoob
iBoob is another program to land in the App Store junk pile .
Developed by Mystic Game Development ( MGD ) , the app does just about what the name implies .
When you shake your iPhone or iPod Touch , you also shake an animated image of a woman 's chest .
Apple told the developer it was " inappropriate sexual content , " according to PCWorld.com .
But MGD Development Director John van der Burg said , " Watching an episode of Baywatch on TV shows a lot more than iBoobs .
Besides that , iBoobs is just a 3 - D model and not even real . "
' Slasher '
The developer behind " Slasher " was also told his app was out of line .
Created by Josef Wankerl of Austin , Texas , the app displays a kitchen knife on the screen and plays the " horror " sound when you make a stabbing motion with the phone or iPod Touch .
He said it appeared August 6 but was yanked August 7 .
Apple told him it violated the part of the guidelines that objected to " obscene , pornographic , offensive or defamatory content , " he said .
" I have no problem with people objecting to ' Slasher . '
After all , everyone has their own personal taste .
I do have a problem with the App Store refusing to publish ' Slasher ' because they do n't like it , " he wrote to ABCNews.com in an e-mail .
He also said it bothers him that other approved Apps could also be seen as obscene or offensive .
" Bar Fight Bottle , " for example , lets you pretend to smash a bottle with your phone and other apps serve as pretend pistols , shot guns and ray guns .
He said he improved the app and was told , upon resubmitting it , that it had been approved .
But despite weeks of e-mails , the status still says " Removed from Sale . "
' Freedom Time '
Although Apple is notoriously tight - lipped in its external relationships , one intrepid developer was able to get none other than the man behind the curtain , co-founder Steve Jobs himself , to weigh in on his rejection .
Almost on a whim , Alec Vance and Court Batson submitted " Freedom Time " to the App Store gatekeepers last summer .
" It 's been a long eight years , but a new dawn is coming to America and the world .
Our long international nightmare is almost over , " the pair wrote on their company Juggleware LLC's Web site .
" In anticipation of that sweet moment , " the company unveiled its app that gave a precise ( to the tenth of a second ) countdown to the inauguration of President Obama and the end of the Bush administration .
But Apple would n't have any of it .
" I thought there was a decent chance they would reject it but it was a chance I was willing to take , " Vance told ABCNews.com .
" I was disappointed . "
He said Apple told him the app was defamatory .
But Vance disagreed and decided to let the company 's CEO know about it .
Surprisingly , Jobs wrote back : " Even though my personal political leanings are democratic , I think this app will be offensive to roughly half our customers .
What 's the point ?
Steve "
Vance was n't entirely pleased with the company but was impressed by the CEO and took it as a good omen , he said .
People relax in the normally traffic - choked Times Square
New York 's famous Times Square has become more pedestrian - friendly , with city officials banning cars from stretches of Broadway .
Vehicles are not allowed between 42nd and 47th streets at Times Square and 33rd and 35th Streets at Herald Square .
Officials say the move will reduce pollution and pedestrian accidents and ease traffic flow in the area known locally as " crossroads of the world " .
Pedestrian plazas are giving shoppers and tourists a place to relax .
Barriers along parts of Broadway were put in place late on Sunday , and on Monday parts of Times Square were like a street festival .
Street performers strutted their stuff , and beach chairs were set up so people could enjoy the good weather .
The area has been notorious for its traffic jams , and the Transportation Commissioner , Janette Sadik - Khan , said there would be close monitoring of the situation until people became used to it .
Your boss at least wants you to succeed .
Your peers not so much unless your research serves their agenda .
Although academia promises freedom , this freedom is often taken away by your peers ( e.g. , by not funding your research , accepting your papers , etc. ) .
The American economy in the 1990s described itself as " Goldilocks " - just the right size - when in fact is was " Tinkerbelle , " and one day the clapping stops .
This is a link to a televised speech by Dmitry Orlov , called Social Collapse Best Practices .
A transcript of the first part of the speech can be found below the fold .
( The speech is a little long for a post . )
This is the description of the speech :
Good evening , ladies and gentlemen .
Thank you for showing up .
It 's certainly nice to travel all the way across the North American continent and have a few people come to see you , even if the occasion is n't a happy one .
You are here to listen to me talk about social collapse and the various ways we can avoid screwing that up along with everything else that 's gone wrong .
I know it 's a lot to ask of you , because why would n't you instead want to go and eat , drink , and be merry ?
Well , perhaps there will still be time left for that after my talk .
I would like to thank the Long Now Foundation for inviting me , and I feel very honored to appear in the same venue as many serious , professional people , such as Michael Pollan , who will be here in May , or some of the previous speakers , such as Nassim Taleb , or Brian Eno -- some of my favorite people , really .
I am just a tourist .
I flew over here to give this talk and to take in the sights , and then I 'll fly back to Boston and go back to my day job .
Well , I am also a blogger .
And I also wrote a book .
But then everyone has a book , or so it would seem .
You might ask yourself , then , Why on earth did he get invited to speak here tonight ?
It seems that I am enjoying my moment in the limelight , because I am one of the very few people who several years ago unequivocally predicted the demise of the United States as a global superpower .
The idea that the USA will go the way of the USSR seemed preposterous at the time .
It does n't seem so preposterous any more .
I take it some of you are still hedging your bets .
How is that hedge fund doing , by the way ?
I think I prefer remaining just a tourist , because I have learned from experience -- luckily , from other people 's experience -- that being a superpower collapse predictor is not a good career choice .
I learned that by observing what happened to the people who successfully predicted the collapse of the USSR .
Do you know who Andrei Amalrik is ?
See , my point exactly .
He successfully predicted the collapse of the USSR .
He was off by just half a decade .
That was another valuable lesson for me , which is why I will not give you an exact date when USA will turn into FUSA ( " F " is for " Former " ) .
But even if someone could choreograph the whole event , it still would n't make for much of a career , because once it all starts falling apart , people have far more important things to attend to than marveling at the wonderful predictive abilities of some Cassandra - like person .
I hope that I have made it clear that I am not here in any sort of professional capacity .
I consider what I am doing a kind of community service .
So , if you do n't like my talk , do n't worry about me .
There are plenty of other things I can do .
But I would like my insights to be of help during these difficult and confusing times , for altruistic reasons , mostly , although not entirely .
This is because when times get really bad , as they did when the Soviet Union collapsed , lots of people just completely lose it .
Men , especially successful , middle - aged men , breadwinners , bastions of society , turn out to be especially vulnerable .
And when they just completely lose it , they become very tedious company .
My hope is that some amount of preparation , psychological and otherwise , can make them a lot less fragile , and a bit more useful , and generally less of a burden .
Women seem much more able to cope .
Perhaps it is because they have less of their ego invested in the whole dubious enterprise , or perhaps their sense of personal responsibility is tied to those around them and not some nebulous grand enterprise .
In any case , the women always seem far more able to just put on their gardening gloves and go do something useful , while the men tend to sit around groaning about the Empire , or the Republic , or whatever it is that they lost .
And when they do that , they become very tedious company .
And so , without a bit of mental preparation , the men are all liable to end up very lonely and very drunk .
So that 's my little intervention .
If there is one thing that I would like to claim as my own , it is the comparative theory of superpower collapse .
For now , it remains just a theory , although it is currently being quite thoroughly tested .
The theory states that the United States and the Soviet Union will have collapsed for the same reasons , namely : a severe and chronic shortfall in the production of crude oil ( that magic addictive elixir of industrial economies ) , a severe and worsening foreign trade deficit , a runaway military budget , and ballooning foreign debt .
I call this particular list of ingredients " The Superpower Collapse Soup . "
Other factors , such as the inability to provide an acceptable quality of life for its citizens , or a systemically corrupt political system incapable of reform , are certainly not helpful , but they do not automatically lead to collapse , because they do not put the country on a collision course with reality .
Please do n't be too concerned , though , because , as I mentioned , this is just a theory .
My theory .
I 've been working on this theory since about 1995 , when it occurred to me that the US is retracing the same trajectory as the USSR .
As so often is the case , having this realization was largely a matter of being in the right place at the right time .
The two most important methods of solving problems are : 1 . By knowing the solution ahead of time , and 2 .
By guessing it correctly .
I learned this in engineering school - - from a certain professor .
I am not that good at guesswork , but I do sometimes know the answer ahead of time .
I was very well positioned to have this realization because I grew up straddling the two worlds -- the USSR and the US .
I grew up in Russia , and moved to the US when I was twelve , and so I am fluent in Russian , and I understand Russian history and Russian culture the way only a native Russian can .
But I went through high school and university in the US .
I had careers in several industries here , I traveled widely around the country , and so I also have a very good understanding of the US with all of its quirks and idiosyncrasies .
I traveled back to Russia in 1989 , when things there still seemed more or less in line with the Soviet norm , and again in 1990 , when the economy was at a standstill , and big changes were clearly on the way .
I went back there 3 more times in the 1990s , and observed the various stages of Soviet collapse first - hand .
By the mid-1990s I started to see Soviet / American Superpowerdom as a sort of disease that strives for world dominance but in effect eviscerates its host country , eventually leaving behind an empty shell : an impoverished population , an economy in ruins , a legacy of social problems , and a tremendous burden of debt .
The symmetries between the two global superpowers were then already too numerous to mention , and they have been growing more obvious ever since .
The superpower symmetries may be of interest to policy wonks and history buffs and various skeptics , but they tell us nothing that would be useful in our daily lives .
It is the asymmetries , the differences between the two superpowers , that I believe to be most instructive .
When the Soviet system went away , many people lost their jobs , everyone lost their savings , wages and pensions were held back for months , their value was wiped out by hyperinflation , there shortages of food , gasoline , medicine , consumer goods , there was a large increase in crime and violence , and yet Russian society did not collapse .
Somehow , the Russians found ways to muddle through .
How was that possible ?
It turns out that many aspects of the Soviet system were paradoxically resilient in the face of system - wide collapse , many institutions continued to function , and the living arrangement was such that people did not lose access to food , shelter or transportation , and could survive even without an income .
The Soviet economic system failed to thrive , and the Communist experiment at constructing a worker 's paradise on earth was , in the end , a failure .
But as a side effect it inadvertently achieved a high level of collapse - preparedness .
In comparison , the American system could produce significantly better results , for time , but at the cost of creating and perpetuating a living arrangement that is very fragile , and not at all capable of holding together through the inevitable crash .
Even after the Soviet economy evaporated and the government largely shut down , Russians still had plenty left for them to work with .
And so there is a wealth of useful information and insight that we can extract from the Russian experience , which we can then turn around and put to good use in helping us improvise a new living arrangement here in the United States - - one that is more likely to be survivable .
The mid-1990s did not seem to me as the right time to voice such ideas .
The United States was celebrating its so - called Cold War victory , getting over its Vietnam syndrome by bombing Iraq back to the Stone Age , and the foreign policy wonks coined the term " hyperpower " and were jabbering on about full - spectrum dominance .
All sorts of silly things were happening .
Professor Fukuyama told us that history had ended , and so we were building a brave new world where the Chinese made things out of plastic for us , the Indians provided customer support when these Chinese - made things broke , and we paid for it all just by flipping houses , pretending that they were worth a lot of money whereas they are really just useless bits of ticky - tacky .
Alan Greenspan chided us about " irrational exuberance " while consistently low - balling interest rates .
It was the " Goldilocks economy " -- not to hot , not too cold .
Remember that ?
And now it turns out that it was actually more of a " Tinker - bell " economy , because the last five or so years of economic growth was more or less a hallucination , based on various debt pyramids , the " whole house of cards " as President Bush once referred to it during one of his lucid moments .
And now we can look back on all of that with a funny , queasy feeling , or we can look forward and feel nothing but vertigo .
While all of these silly things were going on , I thought it best to keep my comparative theory of superpower collapse to myself .
During that time , I was watching the action in the oil industry , because I understood that oil imports are the Achilles ' heel of the US economy .
In the mid-1990s the all - time peak in global oil production was scheduled for the turn of the century .
But then a lot of things happened that delayed it by at least half a decade .
Perhaps you 've noticed this too , there is a sort of refrain here : people who try to predict big historical shifts always turn to be off by about half a decade .
Unsuccessful predictions , on the other hand are always spot on as far as timing : the world as we know it failed to end precisely at midnight on January 1 , 2000 .
Perhaps there is a physical principal involved : information spreads at the speed of light , while ignorance is instantaneous at all points in the known universe .
So please make a mental note : whenever it seems to you that I am making a specific prediction as to when I think something is likely to happen , just silently add " plus or minus half a decade . "
In any case , about half a decade ago , I finally thought that the time was ripe , and , as it has turned out , I was n't too far off .
In June of 2005 I published an article on the subject , titled " Post - Soviet Lessons for a Post - American Century , " which was quite popular , even to the extent that I got paid for it .
It is available at various places on the Internet .
A little while later I formalized my thinking somewhat into the " Collapse Gap " concept , which I presented at a conference in Manhattan in April of 2006 .
The slide show from that presentation , titled " Closing the Collapse Gap , " was posted on the Internet and has been downloaded a few million times since then .
Then , in January of 2008 , when it became apparent to me that financial collapse was well underway , and that other stages of collapse were to follow , I published a short article titled " The Five Stages of Collapse , " which I later expanded into a talk I gave at a conference in Michigan in October of 2008 .
Finally , at the end of 2008 , I announced on my blog that I am getting out of the prognosticating business .
I have made enough predictions , they all seem very well on track ( give or take half a decade , please remember that ) , collapse is well underway , and now I am just an observer .
But this talk is about something else , something other than making dire predictions and then acting all smug when they come true .
You see , there is nothing more useless than predictions , once they have come true .
It 's like looking at last year 's amazingly successful stock picks : what are you going to do about them this year ?
What we need are examples of things that have been shown to work in the strange , unfamiliar , post - collapse environment that we are all likely to have to confront .
Stuart Brand proposed the title for the talk - -" Social Collapse Best Practices " -- and I thought that it was an excellent idea .
Although the term " best practices " has been diluted over time to sometimes mean little more than " good ideas , " initially it stood for the process of abstracting useful techniques from examples of what has worked in the past and applying them to new situations , in order to control risk and to increase the chances of securing a positive outcome .
It 's a way of skipping a lot of trial and error and deliberation and experimentation , and to just go with what works .
In organizations , especially large organizations , " best practices " also offer a good way to avoid painful episodes of watching colleagues trying to " think outside the box " whenever they are confronted with a new problem .
If your colleagues were any good at thinking outside the box , they probably would n't feel so compelled to spend their whole working lives sitting in a box keeping an office chair warm .
If they were any good at thinking outside the box , they would have by now thought of a way to escape from that box .
So perhaps what would make them feel happy and productive again is if someone came along and gave them a different box inside of which to think -- a box better suited to the post - collapse environment .
Here is the key insight : you might think that when collapse happens , nothing works .
That 's just not the case .
The old ways of doing things do n't work any more , the old assumptions are all invalidated , conventional goals and measures of success become irrelevant .
But a different set of goals , techniques , and measures of success can be brought to bear immediately , and the sooner the better .
But enough generalities , let 's go through some specifics .
We 'll start with some generalities , and , as you will see , it will all become very , very specific rather quickly .
Here is another key insight : there are very few things that are positives or negatives per se .
Just about everything is a matter of context .
Now , it just so happens that most things that are positives prior to collapse turn out to be negatives once collapse occurs , and vice versa .
For instance , prior to collapse having high inventory in a business is bad , because the businesses have to store it and finance it , so they try to have just - in - time inventory .
After collapse , high inventory turns out to be very useful , because they can barter it for the things they need , and they can't easily get more because they do n't have any credit .
Prior to collapse , it 's good for a business to have the right level of staffing and an efficient organization .
After collapse , what you want is a gigantic , sluggish bureaucracy that can't unwind operations or lay people off fast enough through sheer bureaucratic foot - dragging .
Prior to collapse , what you want is an effective retail segment and good customer service .
After collapse , you regret not having an unreliable retail segment , with shortages and long bread lines , because then people would have been forced to learn to shift for themselves instead of standing around waiting for somebody to come and feed them .
If you notice , none of these things that I mentioned have any bearing on what is commonly understood as " economic health . "
Prior to collapse , the overall macroeconomic positive is an expanding economy .
After collapse , economic contraction is a given , and the overall macroeconomic positive becomes something of an imponderable , so we are forced to listen to a lot of nonsense .
The situation is either slightly better than expected or slightly worse than expected .
We are always either months or years away from economic recovery .
Business as usual will resume sooner or later , because some television bobble - head said so .
But let 's take it apart .
Starting from the very general , what are the current macroeconomic objectives , if you listen to the hot air coming out of Washington at the moment ?
First : growth , of course !
Getting the economy going .
We learned nothing from the last huge spike in commodity prices , so let 's just try it again .
That calls for economic stimulus , a.k.a. printing money .
Let 's see how high the prices go up this time .
Maybe this time around we will achieve hyperinflation .
Second : Stabilizing financial institutions : getting banks lending -- that 's important too .
You see , we are just not in enough debt yet , that 's our problem .
We need more debt , and quickly !
Third : jobs !
We need to create jobs .
Low - wage jobs , of course , to replace all the high - wage manufacturing jobs we 've been shedding for decades now , and replacing them with low - wage service sector jobs , mainly ones without any job security or benefits .
Right now , a lot of people could slow down the rate at which they are sinking further into debt if they quit their jobs .
That is , their job is a net loss for them as individuals as well as for the economy as a whole .
But , of course , we need much more of that , and quickly !
So that 's what we have now .
The ship is on the rocks , water is rising , and the captain is shouting " Full steam ahead !
We are sailing to Afghanistan ! "
Do you listen to Ahab up on the bridge , or do you desert your post in the engine room and go help deploy the lifeboats ?
If you thought that the previous episode of uncontrolled debt expansion , globalized Ponzi schemes , and economic hollowing - out was silly , then I predict that you will find this next episode of feckless grasping at macroeconomic straws even sillier .
Except that it wo n't be funny : what is crashing now is our life support system : all the systems and institutions that are keeping us alive .
And so I do n't recommend passively standing around and watching the show - - unless you happen to have a death wish .
Right now the Washington economic stimulus team is putting on their Scuba gear and diving down to the engine room to try to invent a way to get a diesel engine to run on seawater .
They spoke of change , but in reality they are terrified of change and want to cling with all their might to the status quo .
But this game will soon be over , and they do n't have any idea what to do next .
So , what is there for them to do ?
Forget " growth , " forget " jobs , " forget " financial stability . "
What should their realistic new objectives be ?
Well , here they are : food , shelter , transportation , and security .
Their task is to find a way to provide all of these necessities on an emergency basis , in absence of a functioning economy , with commerce at a standstill , with little or no access to imports , and to make them available to a population that is largely penniless .
If successful , society will remain largely intact , and will be able to begin a slow and painful process of cultural transition , and eventually develop a new economy , a gradually de-industrializing economy , at a much lower level of resource expenditure , characterized by a quite a lot of austerity and even poverty , but in conditions that are safe , decent , and dignified .
If unsuccessful , society will be gradually destroyed in a series of convulsions that will leave a defunct nation composed of many wretched little fiefdoms .
Given its largely depleted resource base , a dysfunctional , collapsing infrastructure , and its history of unresolved social conflicts , the territory of the Former United States will undergo a process of steady degeneration punctuated by natural and man-made cataclysms .
Food .
Shelter .
Transportation .
Security .
When it comes to supplying these survival necessities , the Soviet example offers many valuable lessons .
As I already mentioned , in a collapse many economic negatives become positives , and vice versa .
Let us consider each one of these in turn .
The Soviet agricultural sector was plagued by consistent underperformance .
In many ways , this was the legacy of the disastrous collectivization experiment carried out in the 1930s , which destroyed many of the more prosperous farming households and herded people into collective farms .
Collectivization undermined the ancient village - based agricultural traditions that had made pre-revolutionary Russia a well - fed place that was also the breadbasket of Western Europe .
A great deal of further damage was caused by the introduction of industrial agriculture .
The heavy farm machinery alternately compacted and tore up the topsoil while dosing it with chemicals , depleting it and killing the biota .
Eventually , the Soviet government had to turn to importing grain from countries hostile to its interests -- United States and Canada -- and eventually expanded this to include other foodstuffs .
The USSR experienced a permanent shortage of meat and other high - protein foods , and much of the imported grain was used to raise livestock to try to address this problem .
Although it was generally possible to survive on the foods available at the government stores , the resulting diet would have been rather poor , and so people tried to supplement it with food they gathered , raised , or caught , or purchased at farmers ' markets .
Kitchen gardens were always common , and , once the economy collapsed , a lot of families took to growing food in earnest .
The kitchen gardens , by themselves , were never sufficient , but they made a huge difference .
The year 1990 was particularly tough when it came to trying to score something edible .
I remember one particular joke from that period .
Black humor has always been one of Russia 's main psychological coping mechanisms .
A man walks into a food store , goes to the meat counter , and he sees that it is completely empty .
So he asks the butcher : " Do n't you have any fish ? "
And the butcher answers : " No , here is where we do n't have any meat .
Fish is what they do n't have over at the seafood counter . "
Poor though it was , the Soviet food distribution system never collapsed completely .
In particular , the deliveries of bread continued even during the worst of times , partly because has always been such an important part of the Russian diet , and partly because access to bread symbolized the pact between the people and the Communist government , enshrined in oft - repeated revolutionary slogans .
. .
We all love rags to riches stories , but it seems that people are almost as fond as riches to rags – or stardom to failure .
This list looks at ten famous or successful child stars who went on to failure and , in at least one case , death .
It is a well known fact that child stardom can often lead to disaster – perhaps due to the lack of routine that most children benefit from , but it certainly seems that the wealth that comes of it is frequently not worth it .
10 Lindsay Lohan 1986 -
Lohan got her big break at 11 when she was cast as the lead in the remake of “ The Parent Trap . ”
As she rose to stardom in both movies and music , she also became a fixture on the Hollywood party scene .
The years of fast living caught up with Lohan in 2007 .
First , she was almost fired from the film “ Georgia Rule , ” with the producer releasing a memo noting , “ We are well aware that your ongoing all night heavy partying is the real reason for your so - called exhaustion . ”
Then Lohan went through a series of car crashes , arrests and stints in rehab .
On August 23 , she pleaded guilty to DUI and cocaine possession and was sentenced to one day in jail and three years of probation .
As of 2009 , Lohan was reportedly sober and trying to work her way back to the top in Hollywood .
9 Britney Spears 1981 -
Spears started as a pre-teen on “ The New Mickey Mouse Club ” before launching into pop stardom with the 1998 release of her debut “ … Baby One More Time . ”
In 2007 , she underwent a very public breakdown in front of the army of paparazzi that follows her .
In addition to losing custody of her children to ex-husband Kevin Federline , being charged with a hit - and - run , and several brief stays in rehab , Spears attacked a photographer ’s car with an umbrella and shaved off her hair .
On January 3 , 2008 , police were called to her house when Spears refused to hand her children over to Federline ’s representative .
A month later , she was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward .
8 Danny Bonaduce 1959 -
The former “ Partridge Family ” star fell on hard times after the series ended , at one point living out of his car .
He was twice arrested for cocaine possession , in 1985 and 1990 .
Bonaduce later admitted that he was so addicted to crack that he got serious burns on his fingers and lips because he would n’t wait for the pipe to cool down before smoking it .
In 1991 , he was arrested for assault and battery for beating up a transvestite hooker .
He and his wife Gretchen chronicled their faltering marriage in the 2005 reality TV series “ Breaking Bonaduce . ”
Episodes featured Danny falling off the wagon , abusing steroids and attempting suicide .
7 Brad Renfro 1982 – 2008
When he was 10 , Renfro was discovered by a casting director and hired for “ The Client , ” based on a John Grisham novel .
His only previous acting experience was in a school play sponsored by the anti-drug organization DARE , which would prove ironic given Renfro ’s repeated arrests on possession charges .
In 2000 , he and a friend were charged with grand theft for attempting to steal a 45 - foot yacht .
They were caught because neither remembered to untie the boat from the dock .
In 2005 , Renfro was one of 15 people caught trying to buy heroin during a police sweep of Los Angeles ’ skid row area .
He spent 10 days in jail in 2006 after being convicted of driving under the influence .
Renfro died from a heroin overdose at age 25 .
6 Bobby Driscoll 1937 – 1968
At nine , Driscoll was Disney ’s “ golden boy ” and at age 13 he won a miniature Oscar as outstanding juvenile actor .
His career started unraveling when he developed severe acne upon hitting puberty .
An arrest for marijuana possession at age 18 further scared off producers from hiring him .
As his drug use went from pot to heroin , Driscoll had a series of run-ins with the law .
After being arrested for forging a $ 45 check and robbing $ 450 from an animal clinic in1961 , he was ordered to the California State Narcotics Rehabilitation Center for six months .
On March 30 , 1968 , two boys playing in an abandoned New York tenement discovered Driscoll ’s body .
Death was the result of hardening of the arteries from long - term drug abuse .
Since Driscoll was found with no ID , he was buried in an unmarked pauper ’s grave .
He was identified through fingerprints a year and a half later .
5 Dana Plato 1964 – 1999
Plato began making commercials at age seven and at 14 was cast as Kimberly Drummond in the hit TV show “ Diff ’rent Strokes . ”
She later admitted that she drank and used drugs during her years on the show .
In 1984 , Plato was let go from “ Diff ’rent Strokes ” after getting pregnant by her boyfriend .
She had trouble finding work , appearing in B - movies and soft - core porn .
In 1991 , Plato was arrested for using a pellet gun to rob a Las Vegas video store .
A year later , she was nabbed for forging a prescription for Valium and served 30 days in jail for violating probation .
At age 35 , she died of a prescription drug overdose that was ruled a suicide .
4 Todd Bridges
Another troubled “ Diff ’rent Strokes ” alum , Bridges portrayed Willis Drummond on the show .
His legal troubles began in 1983 when he was arrested for carrying a concealed weapon .
He was arrested again in 1987 for making a bomb threat against a car dealership and in 1989 for pulling a gun on his mechanic during a dispute over a bill .
Bridges faced his most serious charge in 1989 when he was tried for attempted murder after allegedly shooting a crack dealer eight times during a cocaine binge .
He was acquitted thanks to high - profile defense attorney Johnnie Cochran , later part of O.J. Simpson ’s famed “ Dream Team . ”
Bridges was arrested again in 1997 for assault and battery after ramming a friend ’s car following an argument , but was acquitted once more .
After this latest transgression , he became a born - again Christian and began speaking at schools about the dangers of drug abuse .
In a positive change of pace , in 2001 Bridges made headlines by rescuing a woman who had fallen out of her wheelchair while fishing .
3 Scotty Beckett 1929 – 1968
He appeared in fifteen of the “ Our Gang ” shorts and dozens of feature films as a child .
His biggest adult role , as the sidekick in the sci-fi TV show “ Rocky Jones , Space Ranger , ” ended after he was arrested on weapons charges in1954 .
While out on bail , Beckett fled to Mexico , got into a shootout with police , and spent four months in prison .
Back in the States , he added to his record with arrests for passing bad checks , assault , drug charges and multiple drunk driving busts .
In 1963 , despite being in a wheelchair after his latest DUI crash , Beckett was charged with assault with a deadly weapon after trying to stab his neighbor .
At age 39 , he died from an overdose of barbiturates .
Critic Leonard Maltin called his death “ a particularly sad end for someone who , as a child , had shown so much easy charm and talent . ”
2 Michael Jackson 1958 -
He first topped the charts at age 11 with his brothers in the Jackson 5 .
As an adult , he emerged as one of pop music ’s biggest superstars ever .
He also began laying the foundation for his “ Wacko Jacko ” reputation , although his rumored 80s eccentricities – hanging out with a chimp ; trying to buy the Elephant Man ’s bones ; sleeping in an oxygen chamber – seemed harmless .
Then in 1993 , the father of a 13 - year - old guest at Jackson ’s Neverland Ranch accused the singer of sexually molesting the boy .
The allegations were supported by Jackson ’s sister LaToya , who said , “ Forget about the superstar , forget about the icon .
If he was any other 35 - year - old man who was sleeping with little boys , you would n’t like this guy . ”
Jackson settled the lawsuit filed by the child ’s family , reportedly paying over $ 20 million .
Criminal charges were dropped since the accuser was no longer willing to testify .
Despite the close call , he admitted in a 2002 interview with Martin Bashir that he slept in the same bed with “ many children . ”
The fallout from the interview led to Jackson ’s arrest and trial on child sexual abuse charges .
Due in large part to serious credibility problems with the prosecution ’s main witnesses , Jackson was found not guilty on June 13 , 2005 .
1 Robert Blake 1933 -
Blake began performing in a song - and - dance act at age three .
In Hollywood , he became a regular in the “ Our Gang ” short films .
He had a miserable childhood with an abusive , alcoholic father , which may have contributed to later bouts with drug abuse and a reputation as a difficult to work with perfectionist .
Despite his problems , he found success as an adult in the hit detective show “ Baretta . ”
In 2000 , he married actress Bonnie Lee Bakley after DNA tests proved he was the father of her child .
Six months later , on May 4 , 2001 , after Bakley and Blake had dinner at an Italian restaurant , she was killed by a gunshot to the head while waiting in their car .
Blake explained to police that he could not have been responsible , since he had gone back to the restaurant to retrieve a gun he had left at his table and was there when the shooting occurred .
When questioned , no other diners or employees could recall Blake returning .
Despite the weak alibi , he was found not guilty of murder .
However , much like the O.J. Simpson case , a jury at a later civil trial found Blake liable for the wrongful death of his wife and ordered him to pay $ 15 million to her three children .
( Dis ) honorable Mentions : Corey Haim ( Valium addiction ) , Corey Feldman ( arrested for cocaine and heroin possession ) , Drew Barrymore ( entered alcohol and drug rehab at age 13 ) , Jodie Sweetin ( former “ Full House ” star ; crystal meth addiction ) , Adam Rich ( former “ Eight Is Enough ” star ; arrested for stealing prescription drugs from a pharmacy ) , Eddie Furlong ( cocaine addiction ; arrested drunkenly trying to free lobsters from a tank ) , Gary Coleman ( pleaded no contest to hitting an autograph seeker ) and Macauley Culkin ( arrested for possession of marijuana and prescription pills )
This article is licensed under the GFDL because it contains quotations from Wikipedia .
Last month , Jason Calacanis wrote he'd pay $ 250,000 to be listed as a Twitter " Suggested Follow " for two years .
Getting on Twitter 's " suggested " list can drive hundred of thousands of people to follow a Twitter feed .
Facebook has taken notice , and this weekend has started recommending Facebook fan pages of some public personas and brand on its own site .
( Sarah Lacy , Julia Allison , and Mark Cuban have all already made Facebook 's list . )
Nothing wrong with imitation .
Nor is it the first time Facebook has looked to Twitter for inspiration .
Facebook 's recent redesign to emphasize real - time updates also took a cue from Twitter .
The Rentable Basement Maze [ Image :
The subterranean vaults of Manhattan , seen here in City Hall station , which closed in December 1945 ; photo by David Sagarin ( 1978 ) , via the Library of Congress , Prints and Photographs Division , Historic American Engineering Record of the Heritage Conservation and Recreation Service ] .
A city with an abandoned underground train line , one that cuts beneath some of the nicest townhouses in the city , develops an unexpected new real estate idea : renting out temporary basements in the form of repurposed subway cars .
Access stairs are cut down from each individual house till they connect up with the existing disused train tunnels below ; each private residence thus becomes something like a subway station , with direct access , behind a locked door , to the subterranean infrastructure of the city far below .
Then , for a substantial fee – as much as $ 15,000 a month – you can rent a radically redesigned subway car , complete with closets , shelves , and in - floor storage cubes .
The whole thing is parked beneath your house and braked in place ; it has electricity and climate control , perhaps even WiFi .
You can store summer clothes , golf equipment , tool boxes , children 's toys , and winter ski gear .
When you no longer need it , or can't pay your bills , you simply take everything out of it and the subway car is returned to the local depot .
A veritable labyrinth of moving rooms soon takes shape beneath the city .
[ Image : The great Manhattan underdome , photo by David Sagarin ( 1978 ) , via the Library of Congress , Prints and Photographs Division , Historic American Engineering Record of the Heritage Conservation and Recreation Service ( which includes many other incredible photographs of that subway line ) ] .
Within a few years , the market matures .
You can then rent bar cars , home gyms , private restaurants , cheese caves , wine cellars , topless dancing clubs , recording studios , movie theaters , and even an aquarium .
You can't sleep in the middle of the night and so you wander downstairs to look at rare tropical fish , alone with fantastic webworks of coral beneath a slumbering metropolis .
Bespoke planetarium cars are soon developed ; you step into your own personal history of the sky every night as the clanking metal of distant private rail switches echoes in the tunnels all around you , basements unlatching and moving on through urban darkness .
Shoe storage .
Rare book libraries .
Guest bedrooms .
The catalog of newly mobile subterranean architectural typologies comes to include nearly anything the clients can imagine – or afford .
Rumor has it , a particularly wealthy widower on the Upper West Side of Manhattan has whole exhibitions from the
But then the economy crashes .
The market in rentable basements dries up .
The lovingly detailed personalized cars that once trolled around beneath the city are dismantled and sold for scrap .
Within a generation , the very idea that people once had personal access to a migratory maze of temporary rooms far below seems almost impossible to believe .
A city with an abandoned underground train line , one that cuts beneath some of the nicest townhouses in the city , develops an unexpected new real estate idea : renting out temporary basements in the form of repurposed subway cars .
Access stairs are cut down from each individual house till they connect up with the existing disused train tunnels below ; each private residence thus becomes something like a subway station , with direct access , behind a locked door , to the subterranean infrastructure of the city far below .
Then , for a substantial fee – as much as $ 15,000 a month – you can rent a radically redesigned subway car , complete with closets , shelves , and in - floor storage cubes .
The whole thing is parked beneath your house and braked in place ; it has electricity and climate control , perhaps even WiFi .
You can store summer clothes , golf equipment , tool boxes , children 's toys , and winter ski gear .
When you no longer need it , or can't pay your bills , you simply take everything out of it and the subway car is returned to the local depot .
A veritable labyrinth of moving rooms soon takes shape beneath the city .
Within a few years , the market matures .
You can then rent bar cars , home gyms , private restaurants , cheese caves , wine cellars , topless dancing clubs , recording studios , movie theaters , and even an aquarium .
You can't sleep in the middle of the night and so you wander downstairs to look at rare tropical fish , alone with fantastic webworks of coral beneath a slumbering metropolis .
Bespoke planetarium cars are soon developed ; you step into your own personal history of the sky every night as the clanking metal of distant private rail switches echoes in the tunnels all around you , basements unlatching and moving on through urban darkness .
Shoe storage .
Rare book libraries .
Guest bedrooms .
Growing operations .
Swine flu quarantine facilities .
The catalog of newly mobile subterranean architectural typologies comes to include nearly anything the clients can imagine – or afford .
Rumor has it , a particularly wealthy widower on the Upper West Side of Manhattan has whole exhibitions from the American Museum of Natural History parked beneath his house when the Museum closes at night ; he goes down in his slippers , and he looks at dinosaur skeletons and gemstones as he thinks about his wife .
But then the economy crashes .
The market in rentable basements dries up .
The lovingly detailed personalized cars that once trolled around beneath the city are dismantled and sold for scrap .
Within a generation , the very idea that people once had personal access to a migratory maze of temporary rooms far below seems almost impossible to believe .
Newer | Older
Caltrain Sucks
Trains are hosed .
Conductors are less than helpful .
Will be late .
The rule of thirds and ratios such as the golden section are fantastic methods for achieving designs that feel cohesive .
The problem is these principles do n’t really apply to web design .
Rule of Thirds : Imagine your canvas divided into thirds , both horizontally and vertically .
By placing important elements along a divider lines or at their intersections , you can create interest , energy , and tension .
Golden Ratio :
When the ratio between two numbers is the same as the ratio of the sum of those numbers and the larger number .
Basically , a+b is to a as a is to b .
Also referred to as the “ divine proportion ” from its frequent occurrence in nature .
Ratios and the rule of thirds are relative properties and are derived from inclusive measurements .
Which means that not only is a height dependent on and relative to a width , but in order to have the full desired effect , a viewer must be able to see or perceive the boundaries of an object .
We usually just regard a piece of work as a whole entity , in much the same way we perceive a painting .
But you do n’t go to the Louvre and see one - third of the Mona Lisa , you see the entirety of the painting in one go ( crowds notwithstanding ) .
The web is more like looking through a window outside of the Louvre that partially obscures your view .
Nature of the Medium
There are lots of tutorials , articles , and books that approach the topic of using ratios online .
But many of these resources do n’t really address the “ why ” behind using these methods , and none seem to tackle the topic of how they translate to medium of the screen .
By its very nature the web is a medium of displacement ; content is not tied to being viewed on a specific device , screen , browser , and most importantly , at a standard size .
Regardless of how well you plan your layout to work according to a ratio or principles such as the rule of thirds , you ca n’t predict how much of it will be viewable at a glance .
If a visitor ’s window or device prevents them from seeing the entirety of the layout , as you can by merely looking at a book or poster , the effectiveness of these principles is reduced drastically .
These methods are at their strongest when the sizes and relationships between all elements are based on them .
Even if your page design manages to achieve the right balance , it ’s almost certain that the size of the browser window , or the size of screen will not .
Letting Go
I ’m not saying that using these principles is a dead end , what I am saying is their usefulness is questionable for web design .
The design geek in me wants to just ignore the problems and push forward anyway with a sly “ I ’ll still know it ’s there . ”
And that might be enough for some .
But I ’m not in favor of restricting content to a scrolling box , or jumping through hoops to regulate the size of content , pages , and browser windows .
These methods push the problems on the viewers .
I ’ve been beating myself up about stuff like this for years .
I originally came from a print background where ratios are a great starting point towards unified design .
It took me a long time to embrace the fluid nature of the web and let go of that kind of control .
The best you can really hope for is leaving viewers with an impression of the larger whole .
New Foundations
Design has never been a cut - and - dried process .
Just by using any of these methods , regardless of medium , will not ensure good design any more than coding with web standards will ensure a well designed website .
For a long time we ’ve been looking at web design through the lens of print design , and while some of the traditional design practices can make the jump to the screen , some cannot .
The screen brings with it different kinds of challenges for visual design , some of which occur exclusively in interactive media .
It ’s unrealistic to think our old methods can fill in all the gaps , but new interaction patterns and visual languages emerge everyday .
These are the building blocks for our new design principles .
Matt Visser , Washington University visser@wuphys.wustl.edu
Quantum gravity , the as yet unconsummated marriage between quantum physics and Einstein 's general relativity , is widely ( though perhaps not universally ) regarded as the single most pressing problem facing theoretical physics at the turn of the millennium .
The two main contenders , ``Brane theory / String theory '' and ``Quantum geometry / new variables '' , have their genesis in different communities .
They address different questions , using different strategies , and have different strengths ( and weaknesses ) .
Brane theory / string theory grew out of the high - energy particle physics community , and views quantum physics as paramount [ 2 ] .
The consensus feeling in the brane community is that to achieve the quantization of gravity they would be willing to take quite drastic steps , to mutilate the geometrical foundations of general relativity and if necessary to force general relativity to fit into the brane framework .
In contrast , the general relativity community views the geometrical nature of Einstein 's gravity as sacrosanct , and would by and large be quite willing to do a little drastic surgery to the foundations of quantum physics if they felt it unavoidable [ 2 ] .
``Lorentzian lattice quantum gravity '' does a little of both : it adopts some aspects of each of these approaches , and violates other cherished notions of these two main candidate models .
On the one hand , ``Lorentzian lattice quantum gravity '' has grown out of the lattice community , itself a subset of the particle physics community .
In lattice physics spacetime is approximated by a discrete lattice of points spaced a finite distance apart .
This ``latticization '' process is a way of guaranteeing that quantum field theory can be defined in a finite and non-perturbative fashion .
( Indeed currently the lattice is the only known non-perturbative regulator for flat - space quantum field theory .
This technique is absolutely essential when carrying out computer simulations of quantum field theories , and in particular , computer simulations of quarks , gluons , and the like in QCD . )
In addition to these particle physics notions , ``Lorentzian lattice quantum gravity '' has strongly adopted the geometric flavour of general relativity ; it speaks of surfaces and spaces , of geometries and shapes .
On the other hand , ``Lorentzian lattice quantum gravity '' has irritated both brane theorists and general relativists ( and more than a few lattice physicists as well ) :
It does not have , and does not seem to require , the complicated superstructure of supersymmetry and all the other technical machinery of brane theory / string theory .
( A critically important feature of brane theory / string theory which justifies the amount of time spent on the model is that in an appropriate limit it seems to approximate key aspects of general relativity ; and do so without the violent mathematical infinities encountered in most other approaches .
Of course , there is always the risk that there might be other less complicated theories out there that might do an equally good job in this regard . )
Additionally , ``Lorentzian lattice quantum gravity '' irritates some members of the relativity community by not including all possible 4 - dimensional geometries :
The key ingredient that makes this Lorentzian approach different ( and successful , at last in a lower - dimensional setting ) is that it to some extent enforces a separation between the notions of space and time , so that space - time is really taken as a product of ``space '' with ``time ' ' .
It then sums over the resulting restricted set of ( 3+1 ) - dimensional geometries ; not over all 4 - dimensional geometries ( that being the traditional approach of the so - called Euclidean lattice quantum gravity ) .
Technically , Lorentzian lattice quantum gravity restricts the sum over 4 - dimensional geometries to cover only that subset of 4 - dimensional geometries compatible with the existence of 3+1 space + time dimensions .
( The condition used is a discretized version of stable causality ; in the sense of the existence of a global time function . )
The result of this topological / geometrical restriction is that the model produces reasonably large , reasonably smooth patches of spacetime that look like they are good precursors for our observable universe .
( Euclidean lattice quantum gravity , and variants thereof such as Matrix theory , have an unfortunate tendency to curdle into long thin polymer - like strands that look nothing like the more or less flat spacetime in our immediate vicinity ; Quantum geometry based on new variables likewise encounters technical difficulties in generating an approximately smooth manifold in the low - energy large - distance limit . )
The good news is that once reasonably large , reasonably flat , patches of spacetime exist , the arguments leading to Sakharov 's notion of ``induced gravity '' almost guarantee the generation of a cosmological constant and an Einstein - Hilbert term in the effective action through one - loop quantum effects [ 3 ] ; and this would almost automatically guarantee an inverse - square law at very low energies ( large distances ) .
The bad news is that so far the large flat regions have only been demonstrated to exist in 1+1 and 2+1 dimensions -- the ( 3+1 ) - dimensional case continues to pose considerable technical difficulties .
All in all , the development of ``Lorentzian lattice quantum gravity '' is extremely exciting :
It is non-perturbative , definitely high - energy ( ultraviolet ) finite , and has good prospects for an acceptable low - energy ( infra - red ) limit .
It has taken ideas from both the quantum and the relativity camps , though it has not completely satisfied either camp .
Keep an eye out for further developments .
References :
Key papers on Lorentzian lattice quantum gravity :
J. Ambjorn , A. Dasgupta , J. Jurkiewicz and R. Loll , ` `A Lorentzian cure for Euclidean troubles , '' Nucl .
Phys. Proc. Suppl. 106 ( 2002 ) 977-979 arXiv:hep-th/0201104
J. Ambjorn , J. Jurkiewicz and R. Loll , ``3d Lorentzian , dynamically triangulated quantum gravity , '' Nucl .
Phys. Proc. Suppl. 106 ( 2002 ) 980-982 arXiv:hep-lat/0201013 .
J. Ambjorn , J. Jurkiewicz , R. Loll and G. Vernizzi , ``Lorentzian 3d gravity with wormholes via matrix models , '' JHEP 0109 ( 2001 ) 022 arXiv: hep-th/0106082
J. Ambjorn , J. Jurkiewicz and R. Loll , ``Dynamically triangulating Lorentzian quantum gravity , '' Nucl .
Phys. B610 ( 2001 ) 347-382 arXiv:hep-th/0105267 .
A. Dasgupta and R. Loll , ``A proper - time cure for the conformal sickness in quantum gravity , '' Nucl .
Phys . B 606 ( 2001 ) 357-379 arXiv:hep-th/0103186 .
J. Ambjorn , J. Jurkiewicz and R. Loll , ``Non-perturbative 3d Lorentzian quantum gravity , '' Phys. Rev. D 64 ( 2001 ) 044011 arXiv:hep-th/0011276 .
R. Loll , ``Discrete Lorentzian quantum gravity , '' Nucl .
Phys. Proc. Suppl. 94 ( 2001 ) 96-107 arXiv:hep-th/0011194 .
J. Ambjorn , J. Jurkiewicz and R. Loll , ``Computer simulations of 3d Lorentzian quantum gravity , '' Nucl .
Phys. Proc. Suppl. 94 ( 2001 ) 689-692 arXiv:hep-lat/0011055 .
J. Ambjorn , J. Jurkiewicz and R. Loll , ``A non-perturbative Lorentzian path integral for gravity , '' Phys. Rev. Lett. 85 ( 2000 ) 924-927 arXiv:hep-th/0002050 .
[ 2 ] A survey of brane theory and quantum geometry :
G. Horowitz , ``Quantum Gravity at the Turn of the Millennium ' ' ,
MG9 -- Ninth Marcel Grossmann meeting , Rome , Jul 2000 ,
arXiv:gr-qc/0011089 .
[ 3 ]
Sakharov 's induced gravity :
A.D. Sakharov , ``Vacuum quantum fluctuations in curved space and the theory of gravitation ' ' , Sov. Phys. Dokl. 12 ( 1968 ) 1040 - 1041 ; Dokl .
Akad .
Nauk Ser. Fiz. 177 ( 1967 ) 70 - 71 .
Jorge Pullin 2002-02-11
GX is a full - featured , cross - browser , super - tiny ( 10 kb uncompressed ) Javascript Animations Framework .
Using GX you can create complex animations working with every w3c CSS property .
Currently , GX is designed in order to work with the jQuery Javascript Library and is being released under the MIT License .
Some of the GX 's features :
Support for animating every CSS property , including integers , colors , opacity and so on
Support for Easing Equations ( with GX.transitions.js )
) Support for multi-element animations ( all complex DOM queries )
Support for multi-unit animations
Support for relative animations
Support for interacting with the animations ( queue , cancel , pause and resume support )
Support for using " special " values ( " show " , " hide " , " toggle " )
Support for delaying animations
Support for predefined animations based on common practices ( with GX.extras.js )
) Support for adding new , customized features
0 % Browser sniffing , 100 % pure Javascript
Respects the Strict Standards and does n't generate Javascript / CSS Warnings
Completely Cross - Browser ( IE 6 + , Firefox 2+ , Opera 9.25 + , Safari 3+ , Google Chrome )
Go to learn how to use the GX framework and create your animations .
Understanding GX is extremely easy .
See some animations provided by GX in action :
Get the GX sourcecode and all the related extensions .
All of them are available in two flavors : sourcecode and compressed .
Filename : GX.js GX.transitions.js GX.extras.js Compression : Normal Packed - DE
Packer
We 're building out a list of Website / projects who are using GX such as this .
We are thankful for the support of HDRG and this excellent cause .
If you use GX and want to share your works with us , please , fill the fields below ( the list will be published on the GX Website ) :
Website Title : Website URL : Yes , I 'd like to insert my project in the public list ( if you uncheck this , your project will be inserted in our private list and wo n't be published )
GX is an open - source project .
Please , give your contributions and share your opinions at http://www.riccardodegni.net/blog/ and help us to get the best result possible .
Your ideas can absolutely impact on the next releases of GX .
If you want to stay tuned with all the GX news , subscribe to feed !
Green Dam , the mandatory censorware that will be installed on all Chinese PCs as of July 1 , is remarkably insecure .
J Alex Halderman from Freedom to Tinker and his colleagues Scott Wolchok and Randy Yao have released a paper , based on a mere 12 hours testing , detailing attacks that can be used to " steal private data , send spam , or enlist the computer in a botnet " and " install malicious code during the update process . "
They 've released sample code demonstrating their findings .
The Chinese government has mandated that all PCs sold in the country must soon include a censorship program called Green Dam .
This software monitors web sites visited and other activity on the computer and blocks adult content as well as politically sensitive material .
We examined the Green Dam software and found that it contains serious security vulnerabilities due to programming errors .
Once Green Dam is installed , any web site the user visits can exploit these problems to take control of the computer .
This could allow malicious sites to steal private data , send spam , or enlist the computer in a botnet .
In addition , we found vulnerabilities in the way Green Dam processes blacklist updates that could allow the software makers or others to install malicious code during the update process .
We found these problems with less than 12 hours of testing , and we believe they may be only the tip of the iceberg .
Green Dam makes frequent use of unsafe and outdated programming practices that likely introduce numerous other vulnerabilities .
Correcting these problems will require extensive changes to the software and careful retesting .
In the meantime , we recommend that users protect themselves by uninstalling Green Dam immediately .
Analysis of the Green Dam Censorware System
Freedom to Tinker : China 's New Mandatory Censorware Creates Big Security Flaws
( Thanks to everyone who suggested this ! )
We do n't want to point fingers , but at the same time Dell 's Studio XPS 16 red option suddenly returns -- now a " Merlot " instead of once - axed " Crimson " -- the Mini 9 conspicuously goes missing from the company 's website .
Coincidence ?
We think not .
It 's a regular murder mystery , and it looks like we have our prime suspect here , caught ... erm , red-lidded .
Catching the killer , though , wo n't bring it back , but at least its younger brother , the Vostro A90 , still seems to alive and kicking .
We just got off the phone with a Dell customer service rep who told us the same thing a handful of our tipsters heard : the Mini 9's being phased out , with its official " End of Life " possibly as soon as Monday .
Shed a tear for our 2008 netbook of the year [ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ! ]
Read - Merlot red Studio XPS 16 Read - Dell.com search for " Mini 9 " Read - Refurbished Laptop stockroom
Ginisang Kamatis at Itlog is a Pinoy version of scrambled egg with tomatoes and onions .
It is a quick Pinoy breakfast fare served with garlic fried rice or pandesal .
It is popular and easy to prepare .
Because of the ease to cook , it is ideal for those who have limited time to cook for breakfast but want to have some variety on their fried eggs .
Most of my readers may have cooked Ginisang Kamatis at Itlog countless times already .
But for the benefit of those have no idea how to cook an egg I decided to make a post of my version of Ginisang Kamatis at Itlog .
Cooking the dish as I mentioned earlier is dead easy .
There are no exact quantities of the ingredients .
Cooking method also defends on one ’s preference or whatever available at the time of cooking .
Most may have develop their own cooking method .
Some may want their Ginisang Kamatis at Itlog cooked as the way their mother or grandma cook for them for years .
For me I cook my Ginisang Kamatis at Itlog with red ripe tomatoes and a lot of …
For some reason , people always want to associate social networking with the ability to sell something when we should take all social networking at its face value .
It ’s about socializing , not about selling stuff to your friends .
Can you imagine that in your day - to - day social life , every time someone says " hi " to you , you hand them a brochure or try to sell them something :
" Hey , Jim , how ’s it going ?
I have n’t seen you for a while . "
" Bill , great to see you , too .
You ca n’t imagine what a terrific deal I have for you for term life .
I mean these prices cannot be beat ! "
Can you imagine your entire life being tied to commerce ?
" Joe !
Hi !
How ’s the wife ?
I have a discount coupon for you for the next time you rent from Dollar .
Ten percent off , buddy ! "
" Frank !
Thanks , but that ’s nothing .
Have you thought about buying your steaks from Omaha Beef ?
Here ’s a special code .
Fifteen percent off your first order ! "
Obviously this is not the way friends interact .
So why are they going to suddenly interact online like that ?
Understanding that they wo n’t is understanding the Achilles heel of commercializing social networking .
People on social - networking sites , whether Facebook or MySpace or Twitter , are networking to connect with people , not products .
It ca n’t go over too well if you are seen online only to exploit your friends .
Now , that does n’t mean that independent rock bands with fans or artists with collectors cannot have pages on social - networking sites to promote and sell their products .
A modest amount of that is tolerated and perceived as a legitimate outlet .
Make no mistake , the Internet and social networks will definitely broaden a market for anyone with something to sell .
And it ’s quite inexpensive to use the mechanism .
But many aspects of it are quite overrated .
And just see how unpopular your social - networking home page becomes once you start spamming all your followers and friends with endless sales pitches and spam .
Nobody is there for that .
That said , find people to network with , no agenda , people with common interests , get them talking about their interests and passions , ask them what they do for a living .
Make friends , friends for life .
That ’s what Social Networking is all about .
I appreciate you !
Cristiana Martinez A Mentor with a Servant ’s Heart .
Craigslist , the Web ’s largest classified advertising site , said on Wednesday that it would close its erotic services category , which critics have said is a forum that fosters prostitution and other illegal activities .
To replace it , the company has created a category called adult services , in which postings will be reviewed by employees who will look for indications of activity that is illegal or violates the site ’s guidelines .
The erotic services category would be deleted next Wednesday , Craigslist said .
Craigslist has been under increasing pressure from officials in several states , as violent crimes involving people who had made contact through the site made national headlines .
But the changes did not appear to go far enough to satisfy everyone in the growing ranks of Craigslist ’s detractors .
Andrew M. Cuomo , New York ’s attorney general , said his office had recently notified Craigslist about an impending prostitution case that involved the erotic services category .
We do n’t add antibiotics to baby food and Cocoa Puffs so that children get fewer ear infections .
That ’s because we understand that the overuse of antibiotics is already creating “ superbugs ” resistant to medication .
Yet we continue to allow agribusiness companies to add antibiotics to animal feed so that piglets stay healthy and do n’t get ear infections .
Seventy percent of all antibiotics in the United States go to healthy livestock , according to a careful study by the Union of Concerned Scientists  and that ’s one reason we ’re seeing the rise of pathogens that defy antibiotics .
These dangerous pathogens are now even in our food supply .
Five out of 90 samples of retail pork in Louisiana tested positive for MRSA  an antibiotic - resistant staph infection  according to a peer - reviewed study published in Applied and Environmental Microbiology last year .
And a recent study of retail meats in the Washington , D.C. , area found MRSA in one pork sample , out of 300 , according to Jianghong Meng , the University of Maryland scholar who conducted the study .
Regardless of whether the bacteria came from the pigs or from humans who handled the meat , the results should sound an alarm bell , for MRSA already kills more than 18,000 Americans annually , more than AIDS does .
One is the world ’s most famous teenager , with £ 17 million in the bank .
The other works part - time in an electronics store for £ 5 an hour , and relies on his mum to give him lifts to school .
Meet Miley Cyrus ’s half - brother Christopher , 17 , above .
Although there are just eight months between them and they share the same father , Miley and Christopher are worlds apart .
Days before the release of Hannah Montana : The Movie , Miley declared : “ My priorities are my friends and my family . ”
But she was referring to her dad Billy Ray Cyrus , mum Tish and siblings Brandi , Trace , Braison and Noah – she has never publicly mentioned the half - brother she has seen just five times in the past decade .
Recalling their last meeting at a Miley concert near his home in Fort Worth , Texas , in November 2007 , Christopher said : “ While she was on stage I was watching her from the sidelines .
“ Afterwards we spent 20 minutes in her bus .
Her voice is fantastic and I ’m very proud of my sister . ”
But behind the kind words and fondness for his superstar sister , the high - school student harbours bitter memories and regrets at missed opportunities .
Christopher was born after his mother , Kristin Luckey , had a brief relationship with musician Billy Ray Cyrus when she was a waitress in South Carolina .
They had split by the time their son was born on April 8 , 1992 , and Billy Ray ’s new girlfriend Tish was already pregnant with Miley .
Christopher is clearly disappointed he does not have a closer relationship with the Cyrus family and recalls being excluded from a reality show with them .
“ That kind of sucked , ” he said .
Christopher believes he would be closer to Miley , 16 , if he could get together with his father more often .
He reluctantly read out a string of text messages between him and his father , which began last Christmas Day with Christopher texting : “ Merry Christmas . ”
He said he got a reply on January 4 from Billy Ray saying : “ Hey bud , where you been ?
You disappeared on us . ”
Christopher said : “ I replied , ‘ I disappeared ?
You disappeared .
I tried to get a hold of you . ’ ”
Billy Ray concentrates on the career of Miley , whose fame has eclipsed his own , which peaked with the 1992 single , Achy Breaky Heart .
Miley , star of the hit TV series Hannah Montana , was a presenter at the recent Academy Awards and her concert tour last year grossed £ 37 m .
She will publish her autobiography this spring and has an album at the top of the US pop charts .
Showbiz experts say “ Brand Miley ” is worth $ 1 billion ( £ 670 m ) to Disney .
In contrast , Christopher has more modest earnings .
“ I work at a store for $ 7.50 ( £ 5.50 ) an hour .
Sometimes I ’ll get five hours a week , other weeks I ’ll do 20 .
I take what I can get . ”
But Christopher is generous when he talks about his sister .
He said : “ She does n’t play the superstar in private .
She ’s a normal teenager having fun and she can laugh at herself .
“ She ’s the same now as she was before all this fame .
She ’s still my goofy sister .
Miley is not a self - obsessed person at all .
She ’s just trying to have fun while working hard and I do n’t know anyone who dislikes her .
“ Miley asked how my mum was doing and was surprised that she had a little girl aged one and another on the way . ”
Christopher ’s eyes light up when he remembers the times they spent together as children at Billy Ray ’s mansion near Nashville , Tennessee .
“ She was always really outgoing and good to be around , ” he said .
“ We used to play in the games room where there ’s a pool table , jukebox , toys and gaming systems . ”
While Billy Ray gave Miley a recording studio as a 16th birthday present , Christopher did n’t even get a phone call , card or gift from his natural dad on his birthday last month .
Instead , he marked the occasion with his mum and stepdad Mark Sorine and his half - sister Ali , 12 , at their home in a suburb of Fort Worth , Texas .
And its not the first time Billy Ray has forgotten his son , says Kristin , who is far more critical of the lack of contact between Christopher and the Cyrus family .
She said : “ Chris reaches out to have a relationship but it ’s been months since they engaged .
Chris is a great kid and he handles it very , very well .
He tried to keep a lot inside but I know when he ’s hurting and really getting to him . ”
Kristin recalled how she found out that Billy Ray was going to be a father with another woman .
“ He went on TV and announced that he had a beautiful baby boy and another baby on the way .
“ And that ’s how I found out about Tish being pregnant with Miley .
My jaw just dropped .
There was a lot of anger in me but we kept talking .
Then Billy Ray went on TV and said he and Tish were getting married and she was pregnant again . ”
Kristin said that ’s when communication between her and Billy Ray ended and “ trickled away ” for Christopher .
“ No one acknowledges his birthday or even Christmas for him , ” said Kristin , 39 .
She said the multi-millionaire singer has always financially supported their son .
Christopher , still hoping that he will get closer to Miley and his dad , added : “ I ’m on good terms but I do n’t have a relationship with them really . ”
news@sundaymirror.co.uk
MOST weeks I read The Sunday Age 's Faith column , out of professional duty .
Most weeks I am left perplexed , unable to reconcile what I am reading with anything I see around me .
What I see is a world slowly tearing itself apart for the sake of one faith or another .
A world where an extreme faction of Islam wishes to put me and mine to the sword for my unbelief , and to shackle half the world for the crime of being born female .
A world where an extreme faction of Christianity wants to throw away science for the sake of millenniums - old superstitions , and is prepared to kill in the name of life .
A world where an extreme faction of Hinduism wishes to religiously purify India .
A world where people are unashamedly trying to fulfil the biblical conditions for Armageddon .
Moderates say that these factions are perversions of faith , but that too jars with what I know of the past : that it took until the 20th century for humans to devise a secular philosophy , in the form of communism , to rival faith 's destructive power .
From the Egyptians enslaving the Israelites to Nero lighting the streets with burning Christians , from the slaughter of the Crusades to the bloodbath of India 's Partition , violence and religion have always gone hand in hand .
And the record of societies governed by religious law , from the Aztecs to the Taliban , tells us that theocracy is a synonym for barbarity .
It 's a puzzling thing about religion that its words , which generally urge us to bolster our better natures and remedy our faults , so rarely match its actions .
It seems to me that while an individual 's faith can be a profound personal journey that might even make them a better person , a society 's faith is akin to mass psychosis .
History suggests that the killers were always the truest believers , and that notions of tolerance , peace and enlightenment come from those who question the orthodoxy .
I also see a world where human beings have unlocked many , although by no means all , the secrets of reality .
Secrets that allow the meanest of Westerners to enjoy a lifestyle beyond the imaginings of kings , that cure diseases that were once routinely fatal , that let us cross vast distances in comfort and safety .
Local miner Cesar Abac uses a wooden bowl and mercury to pan for gold near at the village of Las Cristinas , southern Bolivar State , Venezuela on January 30 , 2009 .
Four centuries after the lure of Venezuelan gold brought ruin to English explorer Sir Walter Raleigh , the riches at one giant mine some say is cursed still haunt treasure hunters from across the globe .
But the Las Cristinas saga , involving a ghost town , environmental devastation and fist - sized nuggets , underlines the risks of business in Venezuela , where the draw of natural wealth has been dulled by rule changes and economic turmoil .
( REUTERS / Henry Romero ) #
For awhile now , I ’ve been very excited about _why ’s Bloopsaphone .
Written as part of the coming Real Soon Now , new Hackety Hack , Bloopsaphone is a Ruby library for making 8 - bit music and sound effects .
_why intends it to be used by the kids to enhance their video games and what not .
The code ’s been available on the Github for a while now and a few weeks back , I finally got a chance to install it , build it , and start playing around .
Bloopsaphone is built on top of Portaudio which is a cross - platform library for doing sound stuff .
It provides a nice DSL for configuring sounds and giving them notes to play .
The instructions for installing and building it are available in the Bloopsaphone README .
That same document also explains the design of the notation system , which works by consuming a series of letters and numbers separated by spaces .
The numbers represent note values ( 8 = an eighth note , 4 = a quarter note , etc. ) and the letters represent pitches in the tempered scale ( A , B , C , etc ) .
If you have a number next to a pitch that means play that pitch for the given time ; if you have a number by itself that means rest for the given time .
The README has a couple of short examples ( and the repo has a few other more extended ones ) , but no actual mp3s .
Unless you go to the effort of actually installing Portaudio and building Bloopsaphone , you ca n’t hear what it sounds like .
So , I thought I ’d record some of _why ’s examples and some of my early experiments and link them up here for interested parties to hear .
Our first selection is The Simpson ’s Theme as transcribed for Bloopsaphone in the README .
I ’ve included a gist of the code and an mp3 of the output below that :
Simpsons Theme
The other code snippet in the README itself is the : Bloopsaphone Theme Song , which I think would make an awfully nice ( though potentially homicide inducing ) ringtone .
Digging around a little bit more in the repo I found a series of sound definition files , which I ’ve transcribed to Bloopsaphone sounds and concatenated into the following mp3 : Sound Effects Sampler .
In the order they appear here , these are : jump , dart , error , ice , pogo , and stun .
You can see how this sucker would be great for making sound effects for old - school games .
The last hidden treasure lurking in the repo turns out to be an entire piece of music that _why seems to have commissioned to demonstrate Bloopsaphone ’s capabilities : Cheeky Drat by freQvibez ( I ’m not sure if the crunchiness that happens towards the end of that mp3 is how the song is supposed to go or an artifact of it rendering badly on my machine ; I think it ’s the latter ) .
The last couple of mp3s I ’ve got for you are the results of my first experiments with Bloopsaphone .
The first was inspired by a tweet of Andy ’s mentioning his search for chiptune jazz covers .
It turns out that tweet was part of the run-up to Andy ’s awesome project , Kind of Bloop to commission chiptune covers of the the entirety of Miles Davis ’s masterpiece .
I spent an hour or so transcribing the first 8 - ish bars of So What : So What Intro in Bloops , which was a great way to really learn the Bloopsaphone notation system .
Since then , I ’ve been working some on a piece of my own .
Even though I ’ve never made music in anything like this style , I ’ve always greatly admired the insanely detailed non-repeating rhythmic programming in Aphex Twin ’s work .
I thought Bloopsaphone would be a great medium to explore that style .
I ’m calling the very early results of that effort : longs .
Security in Plan 9
Russ Cox , MIT LCS
Eric Grosse , Bell Labs
Rob Pike , Bell Labs
Dave Presotto , Avaya Labs and Bell Labs
Sean Quinlan , Bell Labs
{rsc , ehg , rob , presotto , seanq}@plan9.bell-labs.com
ABSTRACT
The security architecture of the Plan 9 ™ operating system has recently been redesigned to address some technical shortcomings .
This redesign provided an opportunity also to make the system more convenient to use securely .
Plan 9 has thus improved in two ways not usually seen together : it has become more secure and easier to use .
The central component of the new architecture is a per-user self - contained agent called factotum .
Factotum securely holds a copy of the user ’s keys and negotiates authentication protocols , on behalf of the user , with secure services around the network .
Concentrating security code in a single program offers several advantages including : ease of update or repair to broken security software and protocols ; the ability to run secure services at a lower privilege level ; uniform management of keys for all services ; and an opportunity to provide single sign on , even to unchanged legacy applications .
Factotum has an unusual architecture : it is implemented as a Plan 9 file server .
1. Introduction
Secure computing systems face two challenges : first , they must employ sophisticated technology that is difficult to design and prove correct ; and second , they must be easy for regular people to use .
The question of ease of use is sometimes neglected , but it is essential : weak but easy - to - use security can be more effective than strong but difficult - to - use security if it is more likely to be used .
People lock their front doors when they leave the house , knowing full well that a burglar is capable of picking the lock ( or avoiding the door altogether ) ; yet few would accept the cost and awkwardness of a bank vault door on the house even though that might reduce the probability of a robbery .
A related point is that users need a clear model of how the security operates ( if not how it actually provides security ) in order to use it well ; for example , the clarity of a lock icon on a web browser is offset by the confusing and typically insecure steps for installing X.509 certificates .
The security architecture of the Plan 9 operating system [ Pike95 ] has recently been redesigned to make it both more secure and easier to use .
By security we mean three things : first , the business of authenticating users and services ; second , the safe handling , deployment , and use of keys and other secret information ; and third , the use of encryption and integrity checks to safeguard communications from prying eyes .
The old security architecture of Plan 9 had several engineering problems in common with other operating systems .
First , it had an inadequate notion of security domain .
Once a user provided a password to connect to a local file store , the system required that the same password be used to access all the other file stores .
That is , the system treated all network services as belonging to the same security domain .
Second , the algorithms and protocols used in authentication , by nature tricky and difficult to get right , were compiled into the various applications , kernel modules , and file servers .
Changes and fixes to a security protocol required that all components using that protocol needed to be recompiled , or at least relinked , and restarted .
Third , the file transport protocol , 9P [ Pike93 ] , that forms the core of the Plan 9 system , had its authentication protocol embedded in its design .
This meant that fixing or changing the authentication used by 9P required deep changes to the system .
If someone were to find a way to break the protocol , the system would be wide open and very hard to fix .
These and a number of lesser problems , combined with a desire for more widespread use of encryption in the system , spurred us to rethink the entire security architecture of Plan 9 .
The centerpiece of the new architecture is an agent , called factotum , that handles the user ’s keys and negotiates all security interactions with system services and applications .
Like a trusted assistant with a copy of the owner ’s keys , factotum does all the negotiation for security and authentication .
Programs no longer need to be compiled with cryptographic code ; instead they communicate with factotum agents that represent distinct entities in the cryptographic exchange , such as a user and server of a secure service .
If a security protocol needs to be added , deleted , or modified , only factotum needs to be updated for all system services to be kept secure .
Building on factotum , we modified secure services in the system to move user authentication code into factotum ; made authentication a separable component of the file server protocol ; deployed new security protocols ; designed a secure file store , called secstore , to protect our keys but make them easy to get when they are needed ; designed a new kernel module to support transparent use of Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) [ RFC2246 ] ; and began using encryption for all communications within the system .
The overall architecture is illustrated in Figure 1a .
Figure 1a . Components of the security architecture .
Each box is a ( typically ) separate machine ; each ellipse a process .
The ellipses labeled F X are factotum processes ; those labeled P X are the pieces and proxies of a distributed program .
The authentication server is one of several repositories for users ’ security information that factotum processes consult as required .
Secstore is a shared resource for storing private information such as keys ; factotum consults it for the user during bootstrap .
Secure protocols and algorithms are well understood and are usually not the weakest link in a system ’s security .
In practice , most security problems arise from buggy servers , confusing software , or administrative oversights .
It is these practical problems that we are addressing .
Although this paper describes the algorithms and protocols we are using , they are included mainly for concreteness .
Our main intent is to present a simple security architecture built upon a small trusted code base that is easy to verify ( whether by manual or automatic means ) , easy to understand , and easy to use .
Although it is a subjective assessment , we believe we have achieved our goal of ease of use .
That we have achieved our goal of improved security is supported by our plan to move our currently private computing environment onto the Internet outside the corporate firewall .
The rest of this paper explains the architecture and how it is used , to explain why a system that is easy to use securely is also safe enough to run in the open network .
2. An Agent for Security
One of the primary reasons for the redesign of the Plan 9 security infrastructure was to remove the authentication method both from the applications and from the kernel .
Cryptographic code is large and intricate , so it should be packaged as a separate component that can be repaired or modified without altering or even relinking applications and services that depend on it .
If a security protocol is broken , it should be trivial to repair , disable , or replace it on the fly .
Similarly , it should be possible for multiple programs to use a common security protocol without embedding it in each program .
Some systems use dynamically linked libraries ( DLLs ) to address these configuration issues .
The problem with this approach is that it leaves security code in the same address space as the program using it .
The interactions between the program and the DLL can therefore accidentally or deliberately violate the interface , weakening security .
Also , a program using a library to implement secure services must run at a privilege level necessary to provide the service ; separating the security to a different program makes it possible to run the services at a weaker privilege level , isolating the privileged code to a single , more trustworthy component .
Following the lead of the SSH agent [ Ylon96 ] , we give each user an agent process responsible for holding and using the user ’s keys .
The agent program is called factotum because of its similarity to the proverbial servant with the power to act on behalf of his master because he holds the keys to all the master ’s possessions .
It is essential that factotum keep the keys secret and use them only in the owner ’s interest .
Later we ’ll discuss some changes to the kernel to reduce the possibility of factotum leaking information inadvertently .
Factotum is implemented , like most Plan 9 services , as a file server .
It is conventionally mounted upon the directory / mnt / factotum , and the files it serves there are analogous to virtual devices that provide access to , and control of , the services of the factotum .
The next few sections describe the design of factotum and how it operates with the other pieces of Plan 9 to provide security services .
2.1 . Logging in
To make the discussions that follow more concrete , we begin with a couple of examples showing how the Plan 9 security architecture appears to the user .
These examples both involve a user gre logging in after booting a local machine .
The user may or may not have a secure store in which all his keys are kept .
If he does , factotum will prompt him for the password to the secure store and obtain keys from it , prompting only when a key is n’t found in the store .
Otherwise , factotum must prompt for each key .
In the typescripts ,
represents a literal newline character typed to force a default response .
User input is in italics , and long lines are folded and indented to fit .
This first example shows a user logging in without help from the secure store .
First , factotum prompts for a user name that the local kernel will use :
user [ none ] : gre
( Default responses appear in square brackets . )
The kernel then starts accessing local resources and requests , through factotum , a user / password pair to do so :
! Adding key : dom=cs.bell-labs.com
proto=p9sk1
user[gre ] :
password : ****
Now the user is logged in to the local system , and the mail client starts up :
! Adding key : proto=apop
server=plan9.bell-labs.com
user[gre ] :
password : ****
Factotum is doing all the prompting and the applications being started are not even touching the keys .
Note that it ’s always clear which key is being requested .
Now consider the same login sequence , but in the case where gre has a secure store account :
user [ none ] : gre
secstore password : *********
STA PIN + SecurID : *********
That ’s the last gre will hear from factotum unless an attempt is made to contact a system for which no key is kept in the secure store .
2.2 . The factotum
Each computer running Plan 9 has one user id that owns all the resources on that system — the scheduler , local disks , network interfaces , etc .
That user , the host owner , is the closest analogue in Plan 9 to a Unix root account ( although it is far weaker ; rather than having special powers , as its name implies the host owner is just a regular user that happens to own the resources of the local machine ) .
On a single - user system , which we call a terminal , the host owner is the id of the terminal ’s user .
Shared servers such as CPU servers normally have a pseudo - user that initially owns all resources .
At boot time , the Plan 9 kernel starts a factotum executing as , and therefore with the privileges of , the host owner .
New processes run as the same user as the process which created them .
When a process must take on the identity of a new user , such as to provide a login shell on a shared CPU server , it does so by proving to the host owner ’s factotum that it is authorized to do so .
This is done by running an authentication protocol with factotum to prove that the process has access to secret information which only the new user should possess .
For example , consider the setup in Figure 1a .
If a user on the terminal wants to log in to the CPU server using the Plan 9 cpu service [ Pike93 ] , then P T might be the cpu client program and P C the cpu server .
Neither P C nor P T knows the details of the authentication .
They do need to be able to shuttle messages back and forth between the two factotums , but this is a generic function easily performed without knowing , or being able to extract , secrets in the messages .
P T will make a network connection to P C .
P T and P C will then relay messages between the factotum owned by the user , F T , and the one owned by the CPU server , F C , until mutual authentication has been established .
Later sections describe the RPC between factotum and applications and the library functions to support proxy operations .
The kernel always uses a single local instance of factotum , running as the host owner , for its authentication purposes , but a regular user may start other factotum agents .
In fact , the factotum representing the user need not be running on the same machine as its client .
For instance , it is easy for a user on a CPU server , through standard Plan 9 operations , to replace the / mnt / factotum in the user ’s private file name space on the server with a connection to the factotum running on the terminal .
( The usual file system permissions prevent interlopers from doing so maliciously . )
This permits secure operations on the CPU server to be transparently validated by the user ’s own factotum , so secrets need never leave the user ’s terminal .
The SSH agent [ Ylon96 ] does much the same with special SSH protocol messages , but an advantage to making our agent a file system is that we need no new mechanism to access our remote agent ; remote file access is sufficient .
Within factotum , each protocol is implemented as a state machine with a generic interface , so protocols are in essence pluggable modules , easy to add , modify , or drop .
Writing a message to and reading a message from factotum each require a separate RPC and result in a single state transition .
Therefore factotum always runs to completion on every RPC and never blocks waiting for input during any authentication .
Moreover , the number of simultaneous authentications is limited only by the amount of memory we ’re willing to dedicate to representing the state machines .
Authentication protocols are implemented only within factotum , but adding and removing protocols does require relinking the binary , so factotum processes ( but no others ) need to be restarted in order to take advantage of new or repaired protocols .
At the time of writing , factotum contains authentication modules for the Plan 9 shared key protocol ( p9sk1 ) , SSH ’s RSA authentication , passwords in the clear , APOP , CRAM , PPP ’s CHAP , Microsoft PPP ’s MSCHAP , and VNC ’s challenge / response .
2.3 . Local capabilities
A capability system , managed by the kernel , is used to empower factotum to grant permission to another process to change its user id .
A kernel device driver implements two files , / dev/ caphash and / dev/ capuse .
The write - only file / dev / caphash can be opened only by the host owner , and only once .
Factotum opens this file immediately after booting .
To use the files , factotum creates a string of the form userid1 @ userid2 @ random - string , uses SHA1 HMAC to hash userid1 @ userid2 with key random - string , and writes that hash to / dev / caphash .
Factotum then passes the original string to another process on the same machine , running as user userid1 , which writes the string to / dev / capuse .
The kernel hashes the string and looks for a matching hash in its list .
If it finds one , the writing process ’s user id changes from userid1 to userid2 .
Once used , or if a timeout expires , the capability is discarded by the kernel .
The capabilities are local to the machine on which they are created .
Hence a factotum running on one machine cannot pass capabilities to processes on another and expect them to work .
2.4 . Keys
We define the word key to mean not only a secret , but also a description of the context in which that secret is to be used : the protocol , server , user , etc. to which it applies .
That is , a key is a combination of secret and descriptive information used to authenticate the identities of parties transmitting or receiving information .
The set of keys used in any authentication depends both on the protocol and on parameters passed by the program requesting the authentication .
Taking a tip from SDSI [ RiLa ] , which represents security information as textual S - expressions , keys in Plan 9 are represented as plain UTF - 8 text .
Text is easily understood and manipulated by users .
By contrast , a binary or other cryptic format can actually reduce overall security .
Binary formats are difficult for users to examine and can only be cracked by special tools , themselves poorly understood by most users .
For example , very few people know or understand what ’s inside their X.509 certificates .
Most do n’t even know where in the system to find them .
Therefore , they have no idea what they are trusting , and why , and are powerless to change their trust relationships .
Textual , centrally stored and managed keys are easier to use and safer .
Plan 9 has historically represented databases as attribute / value pairs , since they are a good foundation for selection and projection operations .
Factotum therefore represents the keys in the format attribute = value , where attribute is an identifier , possibly with a single - character prefix , and value is an arbitrary quoted string .
The pairs themselves are separated by white space .
For example , a Plan 9 key and an APOP key might be represented like this :
dom=bell-labs.com proto=p9sk1 user=gre
! password= ’ don ’’t tell ’
proto=apop server=x.y.com user=gre
!password= ’open sesame ’
If a value is empty or contains white space or single quotes , it must be quoted ; quotes are represented by doubled single quotes .
Attributes that begin with an exclamation mark ( ! ) are considered secret .
Factotum will never let a secret value escape its address space and will suppress keyboard echo when asking the user to type one .
A program requesting authentication selects a key by providing a query , a list of elements to be matched by the key .
Each element in the list is either an attribute = value pair , which is satisfied by keys with exactly that pair ; or an attribute followed by a question mark , attribute ? , which is satisfied by keys with some pair specifying the attribute .
A key matches a query if every element in the list is satisfied .
For instance , to select the APOP key in the previous example , an APOP client process might specify the query
server=x.y.com proto=apop
Internally , factotum ’s APOP module would add the requirements of having user and ! password attributes , forming the query
server=x.y.com proto=apop user ?
! password ?
when searching for an appropriate key .
Factotum modules expect keys to have some well - known attributes .
For instance , the proto attribute specifies the protocol module responsible for using a particular key , and protocol modules may expect other well - known attributes ( many expect keys to have ! password attributes , for example ) .
Additional attributes can be used as comments or for further discrimination without intervention by factotum ; for example , the APOP and IMAP mail clients conventionally include a server attribute to select an appropriate key for authentication .
Unlike in SDSI , keys in Plan 9 have no nested structure .
This design keeps the representation simple and straightforward .
If necessary , we could add a nested attribute or , in the manner of relational databases , an attribute that selects another tuple , but so far the simple design has been sufficient .
A simple common structure for all keys makes them easy for users to administer , but the set of attributes and their interpretation is still protocol - specific and can be subtle .
Users may still need to consult a manual to understand all details .
Many attributes ( proto , user , password , server ) are self - explanatory and our short experience has not uncovered any particular difficulty in handling keys .
Things will likely get messier , however , when we grapple with public keys and their myriad components .
2.5 . Protecting keys
Secrets must be prevented from escaping factotum .
There are a number of ways they could leak : another process might be able to debug the agent process , the agent might swap out to disk , or the process might willingly disclose the key .
The last is the easiest to avoid : secret information in a key is marked as such , and whenever factotum prints keys or queries for new ones , it is careful to avoid displaying secret information .
( The only exception to this is the ‘‘ plaintext password ’ ’ protocol , which consists of sending the values of the user and ! password attributes .
Only keys tagged with proto=pass can have their passwords disclosed by this mechanism . )
Preventing the first two forms of leakage requires help from the kernel .
In Plan 9 , every process is represented by a directory in the / proc file system .
Using the files in this directory , other processes could ( with appropriate access permission ) examine factotum ’s memory and registers .
Factotum is protected from processes of other users by the default access bits of its / proc directory .
However , we ’d also like to protect the agent from other processes owned by the same user , both to avoid honest mistakes and to prevent an unattended terminal being exploited to discover secret passwords .
To do this , we added a control message to / proc called private .
Once the factotum process has written private to its / proc / pid /ctl file , no process can access factotum ’s memory through / proc .
( Plan 9 has no other mechanism , such as / dev/ kmem , for accessing a process ’s memory . )
Similarly , the agent ’s address space should not be swapped out , to prevent discovering unencrypted keys on the swapping media .
The noswap control message in / proc prevents this scenario .
Neither private nor noswap is specific to factotum .
User - level file servers such as dossrv , which interprets FAT file systems , could use noswap to keep their buffer caches from being swapped to disk .
Despite our precautions , attackers might still find a way to gain access to a process running as the host owner on a machine .
Although they could not directly access the keys , attackers could use the local factotum to perform authentications for them .
In the case of some keys , for example those locking bank accounts , we want a way to disable or at least detect such access .
That is the role of the confirm attribute in a key .
Whenever a key with a confirm attribute is accessed , the local user must confirm use of the key via a local GUI .
The next section describes the actual mechanism .
We have not addressed leaks possible as a result of someone rebooting or resetting a machine running factotum .
For example , someone could reset a machine and reboot it with a debugger instead of a kernel , allowing them to examine the contents of memory and find keys .
We have not found a satisfactory solution to this problem .
2.6 . Factotum transactions
External programs manage factotum ’s internal key state through its file interface , writing textual key and delkey commands to the / mnt / factotum / ctl file .
Both commands take a list of attributes as an argument .
Key creates a key with the given attributes , replacing any extant key with an identical set of public attributes .
Delkey deletes all keys that match the given set of attributes .
Reading the ctl file returns a list of keys , one per line , displaying only public attributes .
The following example illustrates these interactions .
% cd /mnt/ factotum
% ls -l
-lrw------- gre gre 0 Jan 30 22:17 confirm
--rw------- gre gre 0 Jan 30 22:17 ctl
-lr-------- gre gre 0 Jan 30 22:17 log
-lrw------- gre gre 0 Jan 30 22:17 needkey
--r--r--r-- gre gre 0 Jan 30 22:17 proto
-- rw -rw - rw - gre gre 0 Jan 30 22:17 rpc
% cat >ctl
key dom=bell - labs.com proto=p9sk1 user=gre
! password= ’ don ’’t tell ’
key proto=apop server=x.y.com user=gre
! password= ’ bite me ’
^D
% cat ctl
key dom=bell - labs.com proto=p9sk1 user=gre
key proto=apop server=x.y.com user=gre
% echo ’ delkey proto=apop ’
> ctl
% cat ctl
key dom=bell - labs.com proto=p9sk1 user=gre
%
( A file with the l bit set can be opened by only one process at a time . )
The heart of the interface is the rpc file .
Programs authenticate with factotum by writing a request to the rpc file and reading back the reply ; this sequence is called an RPC transaction .
Requests and replies have the same format : a textual verb possibly followed by arguments , which may be textual or binary .
The most common reply verb is ok , indicating success .
An RPC session begins with a start transaction ; the argument is a key query as described earlier .
Once started , an RPC conversation usually consists of a sequence of read and write transactions .
If the conversation is successful , an authinfo transaction will return information about the identities learned during the transaction .
The attr transaction returns a list of attributes for the current conversation ; the list includes any attributes given in the start query as well as any public attributes from keys being used .
As an example of the rpc file in action , consider a mail client connecting to a mail server and authenticating using the POP3 protocol ’s APOP challenge - response command .
There are four programs involved : the mail client P C , the client factotum F C , the mail server P S , and the server factotum F S .
All authentication computations are handled by the factotum processes .
The mail programs ’ role is just to relay messages .
At startup , the mail server at x.y.com begins an APOP conversation with its factotum to obtain the banner greeting , which includes a challenge :
P S → F S : start proto=apop role=server
F S → P S : ok
P S → F S : read
F S → P S : ok +OK POP3 challenge
Having obtained the challenge , the server greets the client :
P S → P C : + OK POP3 challenge
The client then uses an APOP conversation with its factotum to obtain a response :
P C → F C : start proto=apop role=client
server=x.y.com
F C → P C : ok
P C → F C : write +OK POP3 challenge
F C → P C : ok
P C → F C : read
F C → P C : ok APOP gre response
Factotum requires that start requests include a proto attribute , and the APOP module requires an additional role attribute , but the other attributes are optional and only restrict the key space .
Before responding to the start transaction , the client factotum looks for a key to use for the rest of the conversation .
Because of the arguments in the start request , the key must have public attributes proto=apop and server=x.y.com ; as mentioned earlier , the APOP module additionally requires that the key have user and ! password attributes .
Now that the client has obtained a response from its factotum , it echoes that response to the server :
P C → P S : APOP gre response
Similarly , the server passes this message to its factotum and obtains another to send back .
P S → F S : write APOP gre response
F S → P S : ok
P S → F S : read
F S → P S : ok +OK welcome
P S → P C : + OK welcome
Now the authentication protocol is done , and the server can retrieve information about what the protocol established .
P S → F S : authinfo
F S → P S : ok client=gre
capability= capability
The authinfo data is a list of attr = value pairs , here a client user name and a capability .
( Protocols that establish shared secrets or provide mutual authentication indicate this by adding appropriate attr = value pairs . )
The capability can be used by the server to change its identity to that of the client , as described earlier .
Once it has changed its identity , the server can access and serve the client ’s mailbox .
Two more files provide hooks for a graphical factotum control interface .
The first , confirm , allows the user detailed control over the use of certain keys .
If a key has a confirm= attribute , then the user must approve each use of the key .
A separate program with a graphical interface reads from the confirm file to see when a confirmation is necessary .
The read blocks until a key usage needs to be approved , whereupon it will return a line of the form
confirm tag=1 attributes
requesting permission to use the key with those public attributes .
The graphical interface then prompts the user for approval and writes back
tag=1 answer=yes
( or answer=no ) .
The second file , needkey , diverts key requests .
In the APOP example , if a suitable key had not been found during the start transaction , factotum would have indicated failure by returning a response indicating what key was needed :
F C → P C : needkey proto=apop
server=x.y.com user ? ! password ?
A typical client would then prompt the user for the desired key information , create a new key via the ctl file , and then reissue the start request .
If the needkey file is open , then instead of failing , the transaction will block , and the next read from the / mnt / factotum / needkey file will return a line of the form
needkey tag=1 attributes
The graphical interface then prompts the user for the needed key information , creates the key via the ctl file , and writes back tag=1 to resume the transaction .
The remaining files are informational and used for debugging .
The proto file contains a list of supported protocols ( to see what protocols the system supports , cat / mnt / factotum / proto ) , and the log file contains a log of operations and debugging output enabled by a debug control message .
The next few sections explain how factotum is used by system services .
3. Authentication in 9P
Plan 9 uses a remote file access protocol , 9P [ Pike93 ] , to connect to resources such as the file server and remote processes .
The original design for 9P included special messages at the start of a conversation to authenticate the user .
Multiple users can share a single connection , such as when a CPU server runs processes for many users connected to a single file server , but each must authenticate separately .
The authentication protocol , similar to that of Kerberos [ Stei88 ] , used a sequence of messages passed between client , file server , and authentication server to verify the identities of the user , calling machine , and serving machine .
One major drawback to the design was that the authentication method was defined by 9P itself and could not be changed .
Moreover , there was no mechanism to relegate authentication to an external ( trusted ) agent , so a process implementing 9P needed , besides support for file service , a substantial body of cryptographic code to implement a handful of startup messages in the protocol .
A recent redesign of 9P addressed a number of file service issues outside the scope of this paper .
On issues of authentication , there were two goals : first , to remove details about authentication from the protocol itself ; second , to allow an external program to execute the authentication part of the protocol .
In particular , we wanted a way to quickly incorporate ideas found in other systems such as SFS [ Mazi99 ] .
Since 9P is a file service protocol , the solution involved creating a new type of file to be served : an authentication file .
Connections to a 9P service begin in a state that allows no general file access but permits the client to open an authentication file by sending a special message , generated by the new fauth system call :
afd = fauth ( int fd , char * servicename ) ;
Here fd is the user ’s file descriptor for the established network connection to the 9P server and servicename is the name of the desired service offered on that server , typically the file subsystem to be accessed .
The returned file descriptor , afd , is a unique handle representing the authentication file created for this connection to authenticate to this service ; it is analogous to a capability .
The authentication file represented by afd is not otherwise addressable on the server , such as through the file name hierarchy .
In all other respects , it behaves like a regular file ; most important , it accepts standard read and write operations .
To prove its identity , the user process ( via factotum ) executes the authentication protocol , described in the next section of this paper , over the afd file descriptor with ordinary reads and writes .
When client and server have successfully negotiated , the authentication file changes state so it can be used as evidence of authority in mount .
Once identity is established , the process presents the ( now verified ) afd as proof of identity to the mount system call :
mount ( int fd , int afd , char * mountpoint ,
int flag , char * servicename )
If the mount succeeds , the user now has appropriate permissions for the file hierarchy made visible at the mount point .
This sequence of events has several advantages .
First , the actual authentication protocol is implemented using regular reads and writes , not special 9P messages , so they can be processed , forwarded , proxied , and so on by any 9P agent without special arrangement .
Second , the business of negotiating the authentication by reading and writing the authentication file can be delegated to an outside agent , in particular factotum ; the programs that implement the client and server ends of a 9P conversation need no authentication or cryptographic code .
Third , since the authentication protocol is not defined by 9P itself , it is easy to change and can even be negotiated dynamically .
Finally , since afd acts like a capability , it can be treated like one : handed to another process to give it special permissions ; kept around for later use when authentication is again required ; or closed to make sure no other process can use it .
All these advantages stem from moving the authentication negotiation into reads and writes on a separate file .
As is often the case in Plan 9 , making a resource ( here authentication ) accessible with a file - like interface reduces a priori the need for special interfaces .
3.1 . Plan 9 shared key protocol
In addition to the various standard protocols supported by factotum , we use a shared key protocol for native Plan 9 authentication .
This protocol provides backward compatibility with older versions of the system .
One reason for the new architecture is to let us replace such protocols in the near future with more cryptographically secure ones .
P9sk1 is a shared key protocol that uses tickets much like those in the original Kerberos .
The difference is that we ’ve replaced the expiration time in Kerberos tickets with a random nonce parameter and a counter .
We summarize it here :
C → S : nonce C
S → C : nonce S , uid S , domain S
C → A : nonce S , uid S , domain S , uid C ,
factotum C
A → C : K C { nonce S , uid C , uid S , K n } ,
K S { nonce S , uid C , uid S , K n }
C → S : K S { nonce S , uid C , uid S , K n } ,
K n { nonce S , counter }
S → C : K n { nonce C , counter }
( Here K{x} indicates x encrypted with DES key K. )
The first two messages exchange nonces and server identification .
After this initial exchange , the client contacts the authentication server to obtain a pair of encrypted tickets , one encrypted with the client key and one with the server key .
The client relays the server ticket to the server .
The server believes that the ticket is new because it contains nonce S and that the ticket is from the authentication server because it is encrypted in the server key K S .
The ticket is basically a statement from the authentication server that now uid C and uid S share a secret K n .
The authenticator K n {nonce S , counter} convinces the server that the client knows K n and thus must be uid C .
Similarly , authenticator K n {nonce C , counter} convinces the client that the server knows K n and thus must be uid S .
Tickets can be reused , without contacting the authentication server again , by incrementing the counter before each authenticator is generated .
In the future we hope to introduce a public key version of p9sk1 , which would allow authentication even when the authentication server is not available .
3.2 . The authentication server
Each Plan 9 security domain has an authentication server ( AS ) that all users trust to keep the complete set of shared keys .
It also offers services for users and administrators to manage the keys , create and disable accounts , and so on .
It typically runs on a standalone machine with few other services .
The AS comprises two services , keyfs and authsrv .
Keyfs is a user - level file system that manages an encrypted database of user accounts .
Each account is represented by a directory containing the files key , containing the Plan 9 key for p9sk1 ; secret for the challenge / response protocols ( APOP , VNC , CHAP , MSCHAP , CRAM ) ; log for authentication outcomes ; expire for an expiration time ; and status .
If the expiration time passes , if the number of successive failed authentications exceeds 50 , or if disabled is written to the status file , any attempt to access the key or secret files will fail .
Authsrv is a network service that brokers shared key authentications for the protocols p9sk1 , APOP , VNC , CHAP , MSCHAP , and CRAM .
Remote users can also call authsrv to change their passwords .
The p9sk1 protocol was described in the previous section .
The challenge / response protocols differ in detail but all follow the general structure :
C → S : nonce C
S → C : nonce S , uid S , domain S
C → A : nonce S , uid S , domain S ,
hostid C , uid C
A → C : K C { nonce S , uid C , uid S , K n } ,
K S { nonce S , uid C , uid S , K n }
C → S : K S { nonce S , uid C , uid S , K n } ,
K n { nonce S }
S → C : K n { nonce C }
The password protocol is :
C → A : uid C
A → C : K c { K n }
C → A : K n { password old , password new }
A → C : OK
To avoid replay attacks , the pre-encryption clear text for each of the protocols ( as well as for p9sk1 ) includes a tag indicating the encryption ’s role in the protocol .
We elided them in these outlines .
3.3 . Protocol negotiation
Rather than require particular protocols for particular services , we implemented a negotiation metaprotocol , p9any , which chooses the actual authentication protocol to use .
P9any is used now by all native services on Plan 9 .
The metaprotocol is simple .
The callee sends a null - terminated string of the form :
v. n proto 1 @ domain 1 proto 2 @ domain 2 ...
where n is a decimal version number , proto k is the name of a protocol for which the factotum has a key , and domain k is the name of the domain in which the key is valid .
The caller then responds
proto @ domain
indicating its choice .
Finally the callee responds
OK
Any other string indicates failure .
At this point the chosen protocol commences .
The final fixed - length reply is used to make it easy to delimit the I/O stream should the chosen protocol require the caller rather than the callee to send the first message .
With this negotiation metaprotocol , the underlying authentication protocols used for Plan 9 services can be changed under any application just by changing the keys known by the factotum agents at each end .
P9any is vulnerable to man in the middle attacks to the extent that the attacker may constrain the possible choices by changing the stream .
However , we believe this is acceptable since the attacker cannot force either side to choose algorithms that it is unwilling to use .
4. Library Interface to Factotum
Although programs can access factotum ’s services through its file system interface , it is more common to use a C library that packages the interaction .
There are a number of routines in the library , not all of which are relevant here , but a few examples should give their flavor .
First , consider the problem of mounting a remote file server using 9P .
An earlier discussion showed how the fauth and mount system calls use an authentication file , afd , as a capability , but not how factotum manages afd .
The library contains a routine , amount ( authenticated mount ) , that is used by most programs in preference to the raw fauth and mount calls .
Amount engages factotum to validate afd ; here is the complete code :
int
amount ( int fd , char * mntpt ,
int flags , char * aname )
{
int afd , ret ;
AuthInfo * ai ;
afd = fauth ( fd , aname ) ;
if ( afd >= 0 ) {
ai = auth_proxy ( afd , amount_getkey ,
" proto=p9any role=client " ) ;
if ( ai != NULL )
auth_freeAI ( ai ) ;
}
ret = mount ( fd , afd , mntpt ,
flags , aname ) ;
if ( afd >= 0 )
close ( afd ) ;
return ret ;
}
where parameter fd is a file descriptor returned by open or dial for a new connection to a file server .
The conversation with factotum occurs in the call to auth_proxy , which specifies , as a key query , which authentication protocol to use ( here the metaprotocol p9any ) and the role being played ( client ) .
Auth_proxy will read and write the factotum files , and the authentication file descriptor afd , to validate the user ’s right to access the service .
If the call is successful , any auxiliary data , held in an AuthInfo structure , is freed .
In any case , the mount is then called with the ( perhaps validated ) afd .
A 9P server can cause the fauth system call to fail , as an indication that authentication is not required to access the service .
The second argument to auth_proxy is a function , here amount_getkey , to be called if secret information such as a password or response to a challenge is required as part of the authentication .
This function , of course , will provide this data to factotum as a key message on the / mnt / factotum / ctl file .
Although the final argument to auth_proxy in this example is a simple string , in general it can be a formatted - print specifier in the manner of printf , to enable the construction of more elaborate key queries .
As another example , consider the Plan 9 cpu service , which exports local devices to a shell process on a remote machine , typically to connect the local screen and keyboard to a more powerful computer .
At heart , cpu is a superset of a service called exportfs [ Pike93 ] , which allows one machine to see an arbitrary portion of the file name space of another machine , such as to export the network device to another machine for gatewaying .
However , cpu is not just exportfs because it also delivers signals such as interrupt and negotiates the initial environment for the remote shell .
To authenticate an instance of cpu requires factotum processes on both ends : the local , client end running as the user on a terminal and the remote , server end running as the host owner of the server machine .
Here is schematic code for the two ends :
/* client */
int
p9auth ( int fd )
{
AuthInfo * ai ;
ai = auth_proxy ( fd , auth_getkey ,
" proto=p9any role=client " ) ;
if ( ai == NULL )
return - 1 ;
/* start cpu protocol here */
}
/* server */
int
srvp9auth ( int fd , char * user )
{
AuthInfo * ai ;
ai = auth_proxy ( fd , NULL ,
" proto=p9any role=server " ) ;
if ( ai == NULL )
return - 1 ;
/* set user id for server process */
if ( auth_chuid ( ai , NULL ) < 0 )
return - 1 ;
/* start cpu protocol here */
}
Auth_chuid encapsulates the negotiation to change a user id using the caphash and capuse files of the ( server ) kernel .
Note that although the client process may ask the user for new keys , using auth_getkey , the server machine , presumably a shared machine with a pseudo - user for the host owner , sets the key - getting function to NULL .
5. Secure Store
Factotum keeps its keys in volatile memory , which must somehow be initialized at boot time .
Therefore , factotum must be supplemented by a persistent store , perhaps a floppy disk containing a key file of commands to be copied into / mnt / factotum / ctl during bootstrap .
But removable media are a nuisance to carry and are vulnerable to theft .
Keys could be stored encrypted on a shared file system , but only if those keys are not necessary for authenticating to the file system in the first place .
Even if the keys are encrypted under a user password , a thief might well succeed with a dictionary attack .
Other risks of local storage are loss of the contents through mechanical mishap or dead batteries .
Thus for convenience and safety we provide a secstore ( secure store ) server in the network to hold each user ’s permanent list of keys , a key file .
Secstore is a file server for encrypted data , used only during bootstrapping .
It must provide strong authentication and resistance to passive and active protocol attacks while assuming nothing more from the client than a password .
Once factotum has loaded the key file , further encrypted or authenticated file storage can be accomplished by standard mechanisms .
The cryptographic technology that enables secstore is a form of encrypted key exchange called PAK [ Boyk00 ] , analogous to EKE [ Bell93 ] , SRP [ Wu98 ] , or SPEKE [ Jabl ] .
PAK was chosen because it comes with a proof of equivalence in strength to Diffie - Hellman ; subtle flaws in some earlier encrypted key exchange protocols and implementations have encouraged us to take special care .
In outline , the PAK protocol is :
C → S : C , g x H
S → C : S , g y , hash ( g xy , C , S )
C → S : hash ( g xy , S , C )
where H is a preshared secret between client C and server S. There are several variants of PAK , all presented in papers mainly concerned with proofs of cryptographic properties .
To aid implementers , we have distilled a description of the specific version we use into an Appendix to this paper .
The Plan 9 open source license provides for use of Lucent ’s encrypted key exchange patents in this context .
As a further layer of defense against password theft , we provide ( within the encrypted channel C→S ) information that is validated at a RADIUS server , such as the digits from a hardware token [ RFC2138 ] .
This provides two - factor authentication , which potentially requires tricking two independent administrators in any attack by social engineering .
The key file stored on the server is encrypted with AES ( Rijndael ) using CBC with a 10 - byte initialization vector and trailing authentication padding .
All this is invisible to the user of secstore .
For that matter , it is invisible to the secstore server as well ; if the AES Modes of Operation are standardized and a new encryption format designed , it can be implemented by a client without change to the server .
The secstore is deliberately not backed up ; the user is expected to use more than one secstore or save the key file on removable media and lock it away .
The user ’s password is hashed to create the H used in the PAK protocol ; a different hash of the password is used as the file encryption key .
Finally , there is a command ( inside the authenticated , encrypted channel between client and secstore ) to change passwords by sending a new H ; for consistency , the client process must at the same time fetch and re-encrypt all files .
When factotum starts , it dials the local secstore and checks whether the user has an account .
If so , it prompts for the user ’s secstore password and fetches the key file .
The PAK protocol ensures mutual authentication and prevents dictionary attacks on the password by passive wiretappers or active intermediaries .
Passwords saved in the key file can be long random strings suitable for simpler challenge / response authentication protocols .
Thus the user need only remember a single , weaker password to enable strong , ‘‘ single sign on ’’ authentication to unchanged legacy applications scattered across multiple authentication domains .
6. Transport Layer Security
Since the Plan 9 operating system is designed for use in network elements that must withstand direct attack , unguarded by firewall or VPN , we seek to ensure that all applications use channels with appropriate mutual authentication and encryption .
A principal tool for this is TLS 1.0 [ RFC2246 ] .
( TLS 1.0 is nearly the same as SSL 3.0 , and our software is designed to interoperate with implementations of either standard . )
TLS defines a record layer protocol for message integrity and privacy through the use of message digesting and encryption with shared secrets .
We implement this service as a kernel device , though it could be performed at slightly higher cost by invoking a separate program .
The library interface to the TLS kernel device is :
int pushtls ( int fd , char * hashalg ,
char * cryptalg , int isclient ,
char * secret , char * dir ) ;
Given a file descriptor , the names of message digest and encryption algorithms , and the shared secret , pushtls returns a new file descriptor for the encrypted connection .
( The final argument dir receives the name of the directory in the TLS device that is associated with the new connection . )
The function is named by analogy with the ‘‘ push ’’ operation supported by the stream I/O system of Research Unix and the first two editions of Plan 9 .
Because adding encryption is as simple as replacing one file descriptor with another , adding encryption to a particular network service is usually trivial .
The Plan 9 shared key authentication protocols establish a shared 56 - bit secret as a side effect .
Native Plan 9 network services such as cpu and exportfs use these protocols for authentication and then invoke pushtls with the shared secret .
Above the record layer , TLS specifies a handshake protocol using public keys to establish the session secret .
This protocol is widely used with HTTP and IMAP4 to provide server authentication , though with client certificates it could provide mutual authentication .
The library function
int tlsClient ( int fd , TLSconn * conn )
handles the initial handshake and returns the result of pushtls .
On return , it fills the conn structure with the session ID used and the X.509 certificate presented by the server , but makes no effort to verify the certificate .
Although the original design intent of X.509 certificates expected that they would be used with a Public Key Infrastructure , reliable deployment has been so long delayed and problematic that we have adopted the simpler policy of just using the X.509 certificate as a representation of the public key , depending on a locally - administered directory of SHA1 thumbprints to allow applications to decide which public keys to trust for which purposes .
7. Related Work and Discussion
Kerberos , one of the earliest distributed authentication systems , keeps a set of authentication tickets in a temporary file called a ticket cache .
The ticket cache is protected by Unix file permissions .
An environment variable containing the file name of the ticket cache allows for different ticket caches in different simultaneous login sessions .
A user logs in by typing his or her Kerberos password .
The login program uses the Kerberos password to obtain a temporary ticket - granting ticket from the authentication server , initializes the ticket cache with the ticket - granting ticket , and then forgets the password .
Other applications can use the ticket - granting ticket to sign tickets for themselves on behalf of the user during the login session .
The ticket cache is removed when the user logs out [ Stei88 ] .
The ticket cache relieves the user from typing a password every time authentication is needed .
The secure shell SSH develops this idea further , replacing the temporary file with a named Unix domain socket connected to a user - level program , called an agent .
Once the SSH agent is started and initialized with one or more RSA private keys , SSH clients can employ it to perform RSA authentications on their behalf .
In the absence of an agent , SSH typically uses RSA keys read from encrypted disk files or uses passphrase - based authentication , both of which would require prompting the user for a passphrase whenever authentication is needed [ Ylon96 ] .
The self - certifying file system SFS uses a similar agent [ Kami00 ] , not only for moderating the use of client authentication keys but also for verifying server public keys [ Mazi99 ] .
Factotum is a logical continuation of this evolution , replacing the program - specific SSH or SFS agents with a general agent capable of serving a wide variety of programs .
Having one agent for all programs removes the need to have one agent for each program .
It also allows the programs themselves to be protocol - agnostic , so that , for example , one could build an SSH workalike capable of using any protocol supported by factotum , without that program knowing anything about the protocols .
Traditionally each program needs to implement each authentication protocol for itself , an O ( n2 ) coding problem that factotum reduces to O(n ) .
Previous work on agents has concentrated on their use by clients authenticating to servers .
Looking in the other direction , Sun Microsystem ’s pluggable authentication module ( PAM ) is one of the earliest attempts to provide a general authentication mechanism for Unix - like operating systems [ Sama96 ] .
Without a central authority like PAM , system policy is tied up in the various implementations of network services .
For example , on a typical Unix , if a system administrator decides not to allow plaintext passwords for authentication , the configuration files for a half dozen different servers — rlogind , telnetd , ftpd , sshd , and so on — need to be edited .
PAM solves this problem by hiding the details of a given authentication mechanism behind a common library interface .
Directed by a system - wide configuration file , an application selects a particular authentication mechanism by dynamically loading the appropriate shared library .
PAM is widely used on Sun ’s Solaris and some Linux distributions .
Factotum achieves the same goals using the agent approach .
Factotum is the only process that needs to create capabilities , so all the network servers can run as untrusted users ( e.g. , Plan 9 ’s none or Unix ’s nobody ) , which greatly reduces the harm done if a server is buggy and is compromised .
In fact , if factotum were implemented on Unix along with an analogue to the Plan 9 capability device , venerable programs like su and login would no longer need to be installed ‘‘ setuid root . ’’
Several other systems , such as Password Safe [ Schn ] , store multiple passwords in an encrypted file , so that the user only needs to remember one password .
Our secstore solution differs from these by placing the storage in a hardened location in the network , so that the encrypted file is less liable to be stolen for offline dictionary attack and so that it is available even when a user has several computers .
In contrast , Microsoft ’s Passport system [ Micr ] keeps credentials in the network , but centralized at one extremely - high - value target .
The important feature of Passport , setting up trust relationships with e-merchants , is outside our scope .
The secstore architecture is almost identical to Perlman and Kaufman ’s [ Perl99 ] but with newer EKE technology .
Like them , we chose to defend mainly against outside attacks on secstore ; if additional defense of the files on the server itself is desired , one can use distributed techniques [ Ford00 ] .
We made a conscious choice of placing encryption , message integrity , and key management at the application layer ( TLS , just above layer 4 ) rather than at layer 3 , as in IPsec .
This leads to a simpler structure for the network stack , easier integration with applications and , most important , easier network administration since we can recognize which applications are misbehaving based on TCP port numbers .
TLS does suffer ( relative to IPsec ) from the possibility of forged TCP Reset , but we feel that this is adequately dealt with by randomized TCP sequence numbers .
In contrast with other TLS libraries , Plan 9 does not require the application to change write calls to sslwrite but simply to add a few lines of code at startup [ Resc01 ] .
8. Conclusion
Writing safe code is difficult .
Stack attacks , mistakes in logic , and bugs in compilers and operating systems can each make it possible for an attacker to subvert the intended execution sequence of a service .
If the server process has the privileges of a powerful user , such as root on Unix , then so does the attacker .
Factotum allows us to constrain the privileged execution to a single process whose core is a few thousand lines of code .
Verifying such a process , both through manual and automatic means , is much easier and less error prone than requiring it of all servers .
An implementation of these ideas is in Plan 9 from Bell Labs , Fourth Edition , freely available from http://plan9.bell-labs.com/plan9 .
Acknowledgments
William Josephson contributed to the implementation of password changing in secstore .
We thank Phil MacKenzie and Martín Abadi for helpful comments on early parts of the design .
Chuck Blake , Peter Bosch , Frans Kaashoek , Sape Mullender , and Lakshman Y. N. , predominantly Dutchmen , gave helpful comments on the paper .
Russ Cox is supported by a fellowship from the Fannie and John Hertz Foundation .
References
[ Bell93 ] S.M. Bellovin and M. Merritt , ‘‘ Augmented Encrypted Key Exchange , ’’ Proceedings of the 1st ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security , 1993 , pp. 244 - 250 .
[ Boyk00 ] Victor Boyko , Philip MacKenzie , and Sarvar Patel , ‘‘ Provably Secure Password - Authenticated Key Exchange using Diffie - Hellman , ’’ Eurocrypt 2000 , 156-171 .
[ RFC2246 ] T . Dierks and C. Allen , ‘‘ The TLS Protocol , Version 1.0 , ’’ RFC 2246 .
[ Ford00 ] Warwick Ford and Burton S. Kaliski , Jr. , ‘‘ Server - Assisted Generation of a Strong Secret from a Password , ’’ IEEE Fifth International Workshop on Enterprise Security , National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) , Gaithersburg MD , June 14 - 16 , 2000 .
[ Jabl ] David P. Jablon , ‘‘ Strong Password - Only Authenticated Key Exchange , ’’ http://integritysciences.com/speke97.html .
[ Kami00 ] Michael Kaminsky .
‘‘ Flexible Key Management with SFS Agents , ’’ Master ’s Thesis , MIT , May 2000 .
[ Mack ] Philip MacKenzie , private communication .
[ Mazi99 ] David Mazières , Michael Kaminsky , M. Frans Kaashoek and Emmett Witchel , ‘‘ Separating key management from file system security , ’’ Symposium on Operating Systems Principles , 1999 , pp. 124-139 .
[ Micr ] Microsoft Passport , http://www.passport.com/ .
[ Perl99 ] Radia Perlman and Charlie Kaufman , ‘‘ Secure Password - Based Protocol for Downloading a Private Key , ’’ Proc. 1999 Network and Distributed System Security Symposium , Internet Society , January 1999 .
[ Pike95 ] Rob Pike , Dave Presotto , Sean Dorward , Bob Flandrena , Ken Thompson , Howard Trickey , and Phil Winterbottom , ‘‘ Plan 9 from Bell Labs , ’’ Computing Systems , 8 , 3 , Summer 1995 , pp. 221-254 .
[ Pike93 ] Rob Pike , Dave Presotto , Ken Thompson , Howard Trickey , Phil Winterbottom , ‘‘ The Use of Name Spaces in Plan 9 , ’’ Operating Systems Review , 27 , 2 , April 1993 , pp. 72-76 ( reprinted from Proceedings of the 5th ACM SIGOPS European Workshop , Mont Saint - Michel , 1992 , Paper nº 34 ) .
[ Resc01 ] Eric Rescorla , ‘‘SSL and TLS : Designing and Building Secure Systems , ’’ Addison - Wesley , 2001 .
ISBN 0-201-61598 -3 , p. 387 .
[ RFC2138 ] C. Rigney , A. Rubens , W. Simpson , S. Willens , ‘‘ Remote Authentication Dial In User Service ( RADIUS ) , ’’ RFC2138 , April 1997 .
[ RiLa ] Ronald L. Rivest and Butler Lampson , ‘‘ SDSI — A Simple Distributed Security Infrastructure , ’’ http://theory.lcs.mit.edu/~rivest/sdsi10.ps .
[ Schn ] Bruce Schneier , Password Safe , http://www.counterpane.com/passsafe.html .
[ Sama96 ] Vipin Samar , ‘‘ Unified Login with Pluggable Authentication Modules ( PAM ) , ’’ Proceedings of the Third ACM Conference on Computer Communications and Security , March 1996 , New Delhi , India .
[ Stei88 ] Jennifer G. Steiner , Clifford Neumann , and Jeffrey I. Schiller , ‘‘ Kerberos : An Authentication Service for Open Network Systems , ’’ Proceedings of USENIX Winter Conference , Dallas , Texas , February 1988 , pp. 191-202 .
[ Wu98 ] T. Wu , ‘‘ The Secure Remote Password Protocol , ’’ Proceedings of the 1998 Internet Society Network and Distributed System Security Symposium , San Diego , CA , March 1998 , pp. 97-111 .
[ Ylon96 ] Ylonen , T. , ‘‘ SSH — Secure Login Connections Over the Internet , ’’ 6th USENIX Security Symposium , pp. 37 - 42 .
San Jose , CA , July 1996 .
Appendix : Summary of the PAK protocol
Let q>2160 and p>21024 be primes such that p=rq+1 with r not a multiple of q .
Take h∈Z p * such that g≡hr is not 1 .
These parameters may be chosen by the NIST algorithm for DSA , and are public , fixed values .
The client C knows a secret π and computes H≡ ( H 1 ( C , π ) ) r and H−1 , where H 1 is a hash function yielding a random element of Z p * , and H−1 may be computed by gcd .
( All arithmetic is modulo p. )
The client gives H−1 to the server S ahead of time by a private channel .
To start a new connection , the client generates a random value x , computes m≡gxH , then calls the server and sends C and m .
The server checks m≠0 mod p , generates random y , computes μ≡gy , σ ≡( mH−1 ) y , and sends S , μ , k≡sha1 ( " server " , C, S , m , μ , σ , H−1 ) .
Next the client computes σ =μx , verifies k , and sends k′≡sha1 ( " client " , C, S , m , μ , σ , H−1 ) .
The server then verifies k′ and both sides begin using session key K≡sha1 ( " session " , C, S , m , μ , σ , H−1 ) .
In the published version of PAK , the server name S is included in the initial hash H , but doing so is inconvenient in our application , as the server may be known by various equivalent names .
MacKenzie has shown [ Mack ] that the equivalence proof [ Boyk00 ] can be adapted to cover our version .
Notes
Appeared , in a slightly different form , in Proc. of the 2002 Usenix Security Symposium , San Francisco .
Paralyzed Kountze man pushes for medical marijuana bill
Chris Cain , 39 , a Kountze
Web site consultant , says marijuana helps ease muscle spasms he has suffered since being paralyzed in a diving accident and has advocated legalizing the drug for medicinal purposes since 2004 .
Colin Guy / The Enterprise less Chris Cain , 39 , a Kountze Web site consultant , says marijuana helps ease muscle spasms he has suffered since being paralyzed in a diving accident and has advocated legalizing the drug for medicinal purposes ... more Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Paralyzed Kountze man pushes for medical marijuana bill 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A 1985 diving accident at Village Creek left then - Kountze High School junior Chris Cain paralyzed .
Now 39 , Cain said he treats muscle spasms associated with the accident with marijuana .
Prescription drugs , according to the Kountze resident , caused him to feel zombie - like , or set his heart to racing .
" The doctors have put me on sedatives and different drugs .
And for a couple years , I could n't work , I could n't
think and could n't function because of these pills , " Cain said Monday , while seated before a trio of glowing computer screens he uses to connect to clients of his home - based Web site consulting service .
Since 2004 , Cain has advocated for legislation of marijuana for medicinal purposes in Texas .
Most recently , he spoke at a May 2 rally at the capitol sponsored by the Texas Cannabis Crusade and members of the Texas chapter of the National Organization for Reform of Marijuana Laws .
Sonny Cribbs , a Beaumont criminal defense attorney , said he expects the Texas legislature will never join the 15 states that have to date legalized marijuana for medicinal purposes .
Medicinal marijuana bills have died in the state legislature before and the most recent proposal , filed by Rep. Elliott Naishtat , D - Austin , appears to be headed for the same fate .
The bill would establish medical necessity as a defense to marijuana possession and also prevent doctors from being punished for recommending marijuana use to treat serious conditions .
For the Texas House of Representatives to even vote on a bill , it must be scheduled for a reading by Tuesday .
Naishtat 's bill , however , has so far not made it out of committee .
Hardin County Sheriff Ed Cain , who is not related to Chris Cain , would like to see the bill remain there .
Marijuana , Ed Cain said , is frequently abused by adolescents who do not view it as dangerous as harder drugs like cocaine or methamphetamines .
" It 's the same as any drug or alcohol , " Ed Cain said , noting that like other intoxicants , marijuana can impair physical and mental capabilities and lead to the use of harder drugs .
Ed Cain said he does not believe there is any medicinal benefit to the drug and that medical necessity is an excuse .
" I just do n't think it has any role whatsoever except to make you high , " Ed Cain said .
Juries have tended to agree , Cribbs said , noting that in instances where he's had clients who have claimed that they possessed marijuana to treat nausea associated with cancer treatment , the defense has not been persuasive .
However , 75 percent of Texans polled by the Scripps Research Center in Abilene in 2004 indicated they believe marijuana should be legalized for medicinal purposes , according to the Web site for the American Civil Liberties Union of Texas .
Nationwide , according to the ACLU , polls have found that 60 to 80 percent of people support medicinal marijuana .
Members of the Texas Medical Association have not advocated marijuana use , but the association 's policy on the subject states that there is not enough peer - reviewed research to determine whether marijuana is more beneficial or harmful .
The association encourages doctors to be willing to discuss all treatment options with patients , including marijuana , but does not suggest advocating its use .
Chris Cain said he has testified as a witness in legislative committee hearings about marijuana laws and that at the time legislators seemed sympathetic .
" But , for political reasons , you always get shot down , " Chris Cain said .
Memcached is generally treated as a black box .
But what if you really need to know what ’s in there ?
Not for runtime purposes , but for optimization and capacity planning ?
demo
$ sudo peep -- pretty 2479 time | exptime | nbytes | clsid | key | exprd | flushd 8658 | 613458 | 272 | 5 | " c3RhdH:171:5 " | false | false 8658 | 0 | 6 | 1 | " current_c3RhdH:3 " | false | false 8658 | 613458 | 281 | 5 | " c3RhdH:171:26 " | false | false 8678 | 95078 | 6 | 1 | " User :1:auth :m4Uq " | false | false 8658 | 0 | 8 | 2 | " user_dGltZWxp:4 " | false | false 8686 | 613486 | 1278 | 9 | " User : 1:6 " | false | false 8658 | 613458 | 1286 | 9 | " User : 1:4 " | false | false ... 8658 | 613458 | 283 | 5 | " c3RhdH:171:28 " | false | false 8658 | 613458 | 277 | 5 | " c3RhdH:171:30 " | false | false
Peep uses ptrace to freeze a running memcached server , dump the internal key metadata , and return the server to a running state .
If you have a good host ejection mechanism in your client , such as in the Twitter libmemcached builds , you wo n’t even have to change the production server pool .
The instance is not restarted , and no data is lost .
Installation instructions are here .
Requires Linux .
a note about heap management
Memcached has two separate memory management strategies :
On read , if a key is past its expiry time , return NOT FOUND .
.
On write , choose an appropriate slab class for the value ; if it ’s full , replace the oldest - used ( read or written ) key with the new one .
Note that the second strategy , LRU eviction , does not check the expiry time at all .
This makes eviction an O ( 1 ) operation , because the tail of the LRU linked list is immediately available ; checking within that list for evicted keys first would raise the order to O ( N ) .
This optimization has subtle implications .
the problem
In the bad old days , we added a page cache to Twitter via memcached .
We used a generational key scheme : a piece of user metadata was incremented on every change , and used to construct dependent keys .
This eliminated direct invalidation concerns .
However , because of the orthogonal expiry and LRU strategies , we knew that the generational keys were affecting our evictions of direct keys .
The continual massive onslaught of new generational keys would sweep out older direct keys , even when the generational keys were expired , but the direct keys were fresh .
But how could we prove it was happening ?
Eventually we ran peep on a representative server .
Aggregate results showed that 75 % of our cache pool was spent on expired page caches , and our cache horizon was only 5 hours .
Moving the generational keys to a separate pool raised our cache horizon to two days , a 10 x improvement .
aggregating results
The best way to aggregate peep results is to use MySQL ’s excellent grouping abilities .
Run peep with the - - ugly ( unformatted ) switch , and pipe it to a file .
Then you can load it into an approprate MySQL schema :
CREATE TABLE entries ( lru_time int ( 11 ) default NULL , expires_at_time int ( 11 ) default NULL , value_size int ( 11 ) default NULL , suffix_size int ( 11 ) default NULL , it_flag varchar ( 255 ) default NULL , class_id int ( 11 ) default NULL , key_size int ( 11 ) default NULL , key_name varchar ( 255 ) default NULL , is_expired varchar ( 255 ) default NULL , is_flushed varchar ( 255 ) default NULL ) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8 ; LOAD DATA LOCAL INFILE '/tmp/peep.txt '
INTO TABLE entries FIELDS TERMINATED BY ' | ' LINES TERMINATED BY '
';
This will load very fast , even for millions of keys on a laptop ; LOAD LOCAL INFILE is an optimized pipeline .
Here are some handy queries for revealing cache properties :
fresh vs. expired values , by count and size
SELECT is_expired , COUNT (*) , SUM ( value_size ) FROM entries GROUP BY is_expired ; +------------+----------+-----------------+
| is_expired | COUNT (*) | SUM ( value_size ) | +------------+----------+-----------------+
| false | 688883 | 759401296 | | true | 472755 | 2430092660 | +------------+----------+-----------------+
histogram of values by size
SELECT ROUND ( ROUND ( LOG10 ( value_size ) * 5 , 0 ) / 5 , 1 ) AS log , ROUND ( AVG ( value_size ) , 0 ) AS size , COUNT (*) , RPAD ( '' , COUNT (*) / 6500 , '*') AS bar FROM entries GROUP BY log ORDER BY log DESC ; +------+--------+----------+----------------------------------------+ | log | size | COUNT (*) | bar |
+------+--------+----------+----------------------------------------+ | 5.6 | 422238 | 3 | | ... | 1.6 | 39 | 3652 | * | | 1.4 | 23 | 103434 | ************************************** | | 1.2 | 14 | 6369 | * | | 1.0 | 11 | 36588 | ****** | | 0.8 | 6 | 55795 | ********* | | 0.6 | 4 | 90332 | ************** | | 0.4 | 2 | 239 | | +------+--------+----------+----------------------------------------+
histogram of values by LRU age
SELECT ROUND ( ROUND ( LOG10 ( ( SELECT MAX ( lru_time ) FROM entries ) - lru_time ) * 5 , 0 ) / 5 , 1 ) AS log , ROUND ( AVG ( ( SELECT MAX ( lru_time ) FROM entries ) - lru_time ) , - 2 ) AS lru_age , COUNT (*) , RPAD ( '' , COUNT (*) / 6500 , '*') AS bar FROM entries GROUP BY log ORDER BY log DESC ; +------+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------+
| log | lru_age | COUNT (*) | bar |
+------+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------+
| 4.6 | 34800 | 18064 | *** | | 4.4 | 24200 | 96739 | *************** | | 4.2 | 15700 | 212865 | ********************************* | | 4.0 | 10200 | 224703 | *********************************** | | 3.8 | 6500 | 158067 | ************************ | | 3.6 | 4100 | 108034 | ***************** | ... | 0.4 | 0 | 672 | | | 0.0 | 0 | 319 | | | NULL | 0 | 13400 | ** | +------+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------+
histogram of values by size for a namespace
SELECT key_name , ROUND ( ROUND ( LOG10 ( value_size ) * 5 , 0 ) / 5 , 1 ) AS log , ROUND ( AVG ( value_size ) , 0 ) AS size , COUNT (*) , RPAD ( '' , COUNT (*) / 10000 , '*') AS bar FROM entries WHERE key_name LIKE '% chunk : % ' GROUP BY log ORDER BY log desc ; +----------------------+------+-------+----------+----------------------+ | key_name | log | size | COUNT (*) | bar |
+----------------------+------+-------+----------+----------------------+
| reply_chunk :69913 | 3.4 | 2511 | 1032 | ** | | user_chunk : 1868495 | 3.2 | 1530 | 972 | ** | ... | user_chunk : 1405137 | 1.6 | 40 | 2822 | ****** | | reply_chunk : 2084579 | 1.4 | 24 | 4361 | ********* | | user_chunk : 2455162 | 1.2 | 14 | 6141 | ************ | | user_chunk : 5989656 | 1.0 | 12 | 2477 | ***** | | user_chunk : 2268781 | 0.8 | 6 | 16527 | ********************
|
+----------------------+------+-------+----------+----------------------+
slab allocation counts by class
SELECT class_id AS slab_class , MAX ( value_size ) AS slab_size , CEIL ( COUNT (*) / ( ( 1024 * 1024 ) / MAX ( value_size ) ) ) AS allocated , ( ( SELECT COUNT (*) FROM entries WHERE class_id = slab_class AND is_expired = " true " ) * 100 / ( SELECT COUNT (*) FROM entries WHERE class_id = slab_class ) ) AS `% _expired` FROM entries GROUP BY class_id ORDER BY class_id ; +------------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| slab_class | slab_size | allocated | % _expired | +------------+-----------+-----------+-----------+ | 1 | 8 | 1 | 99.8938 | | 2 | 32 | 5 | 6.0320 | | 3 | 71 | 9 | 36.4859 | ... | 34 | 187783 | 28 | 61.2903 | | 35 | 234205 | 130 | 1.8998 | | 36 | 286110 | 7 | 0.0000 | | 37 | 309832 | 2 | 75.0000 | | 38 | 397500 | 1 | 100.0000 | | 39 | 496014 | 1 | 100.0000 | +------------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
This is comparable to the memcached stats slabs command , but lets you investigate things like expired ratio by slab , etc .
Play around and see what else you can come up with .
conclusion
Generational keys are often presented as the easy way to cache , but consider their implications .
How else are you abusing your cache ?
Some suggested things to check :
Keys without expiry times ( which will bite you when you alter the server pool )
Excessive use of very large slabs
Uneven LRU age by slab ( indicating poor slab allocation )
Unexpected namespaces ( revealing invalidation bugs )
The only unfortunate thing about peep right now is that it blocks the memcached server .
I could do an incremental version , but it would be quite slow .
The current version is already CPU - intensive , taking 15 minutes to dump a 4GB memcached on modern hardware ( turn off your client - facing processes if you run mixed front - ends ! ) .
A version in C would be much quicker , if someone is up for it , but for now the Ruby version is sufficient .
Happy peeping .
The BBC's Heather Sharp reports from the Israeli - Arab town of Um al - Fahm , where residents are angry over two proposed laws apparently aimed at increasing their loyalty to the state of Israel .
Next year , Suleiman Fahmawi hopes to march to his parents ' old village " They 're welcome to jail us , " says Suleiman Fahmawi .
He is planning next year 's Nakba march , even though it could be illegal .
Every year , as Israelis celebrate their independence with flags and barbecues , he organises mourning marches to destroyed Arab villages .
In the 1948 Nakba , or " catastrophe " , 700,000 Palestinians fled or were forced from their homes as Israel claimed its independence .
A controversial bill backed by a government committee in Israel 's Knesset last week is seeking to ban marking it in Israel .
Next year 's planned march is to the village Mr Fahmawi says his parents were forced from three years before his birth .
They remained in Israel , meaning he was born into the conflicted situation of the state 's Israeli - Arab minority - Israeli citizens who identify themselves with Palestinians .
' Fifth column '
The bill , proposed by Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman 's far - right party Yisrael Beiteinu , is part of what many see as a drive to demand deeper loyalty from Israeli Arabs .
They are deleting our memory ...
They 're going to delete our language , our Arabic street names ...
We 'll become Jewish
Nasreen Abu Bakr
Israeli -Arab artist
Cabinet rejects loyalty oath Anger over Nakba ban proposal Profile : Avigdor Lieberman
They make up 20 % of Israel 's population and face widely documented discrimination , but are feared by some Israelis as a potentially hostile " fifth column " .
Mr Lieberman 's party also wants all Israeli citizens to pledge allegiance to Israel as a Jewish state and perform some form of national service .
Member of parliament Alex Miller , who proposed what is being called the Nakba bill , says citizens who want equal rights should shoulder " equal responsibilities " , and not " go on demonstrations against the existence of the state " .
The town of Um al - Fahm , where Mr Fahmawi lives , is in some ways a symbol of the issues that irk Yisrael Beiteinu .
Clusters of new - looking red-roofed villas declare at least modest prosperity amid the battered pavements and dense jumble of concrete houses .
Many residents work in construction , commuting to Israel 's mainly Jewish towns .
But the green flags of the Islamic Movement , which controls the council , flutter on lampposts .
' They control everything ' Last Nakba day , its deputy leader declared " the Zionist sun will set , as the sun of the Islamic state rises " .
Its head has previously accused Jews of using children 's blood to bake bread and called for Jerusalem to be the seat of a wide - reaching Muslim state , or caliphate .
In offices adorned with photos of the iconic Dome of the Rock mosque in Jerusalem , sits Abdelhakeem Mufeed , editor of the movement 's newspaper .
Abdelhakeem Mufeed says his loyalty is " to Palestine , not Israel "
His voice rises at the suggestion his leaders ' statements might alarm Israelis .
" You care for the Israelis ?
Why are they afraid when they control everything ?
The Palestinians are the ones who are suffering ! "
He believes clashes - and possibly even a third intifada or uprising - will result if the bills are pushed through .
" Our loyalty is to our nation , Palestine , not Israel .
We can not be loyal to the country that demolished our houses , the one responsible for our Nakba , " he says .
But the Islamic Movement by no means represents the feelings of all Israeli Arabs .
ISRAELI - ARABS About 1.2 m , a fifth of Israel 's population , are Israeli - Arabs
They are citizens of Israel , but face widely documented discrimination Outgoing PM Ehud Olmert said there is " no doubt " Israeli - Arabs have faced discrimination for " many years " Israeli - Arabs own 3.5 % of Israel 's land , get 3 - 5 % of government spending and have higher poverty levels than Jewish Israelis *
There are 13 Israeli - Arabs in the 120 - seat Knesset , 10 representing [ primarly ]
Arab parties * Source : Mossawa Center
Israeli -Arabs vote in anger Clash in tense Israeli - Arab town Further down the town 's steep streets , Said Abu Shakra shows me round the white - walled art gallery he founded 13 years ago .
It promotes dialogue by hosting work by Palestinian , Jewish and international artists .
" Of course , I accept Israel 's existence , " he says .
" In spite of all our history We have to look forward . "
Mr Abu Shakra understands why statements such as those of the Islamic Movement worry Israelis , but feels they are taken to represent the wider population in a way that the rhetoric of Jewish extremists is not .
Installation artist and painter Nasreen Abu Bakr , 31 , has just returned from visiting a Jewish friend .
" In reality there is a state of Israel , but I inside I still have a problem with it .
There is a conflict between my identity and my life in Israel , " she says .
Ms Abu
Bakr says the two bills will be a " disaster " if they pass - although they face many hurdles .
" They are deleting our memory and they 're not going to stop here .
They 're going to delete our language , our Arabic street names .
We 'll become Jewish . "
' It 's part of staying '
Many people in Um al - Fahm do not feel they owe Israel anything beyond the taxes they already pay .
They blame Israeli under - investment for the lack of work in the town , and say they have little option but to work for Jewish Israelis .
" Israel does not give us our rights , " says Mr Fahmawi , " we take them " .
Many of Um al - Fahm 's residents work in construction around Israel
In his comfortable house he says he battled discrimination to become a civil engineer and now works for both Jewish and Arab companies .
" It 's business , " he says .
" And I want to stay in this land - living and working is part of staying . "
Analysts say the gap between Jewish and Arab Israelis is growing .
An annual Haifa University survey recently found only 53 % of Israeli - Arabs recognised Israel 's right to exist , down from 81 % in 2003 , while 40 % denied the Holocaust , up from 28 % in 2006 .
Israeli - Arabs cite the recent Gaza and Lebanon wars and ongoing discrimination as reasons , while some in Israel fear such findings show Israeli - Arabs becoming more radical .
Even with Israel 's right - leaning government , the two draft bills are drawing vocal opposition and may never become law .
But many fear that they are already widening the gulf .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sean Penn ’s political opinions disturb the oh so sensitive Bill O’Reilly so much that O’Reilly stated that he would not see any of Penn ’s movies .
However , O’Reilly does admit that Sean Penn is a great actor .
“ I ’m just not going to give a guy who gives aid and comfort to people like ( Iran president Mahmoud ) Ahmadinejad , Hugo Chavez and Saddam Hussein , when he was alive , my 10 bucks .
That ’s my right as an American . ”
Original Story
Share this article
The first elected official who ever made the case to me for legalizing gay marriage — and maybe the last , come to think of it — was Jesse Ventura , the former governor of Minnesota , with whom I spent a fair amount of time in the late 1990s .
A political independent , Ventura swept into office on the simple premise that if the state government , flush with revenue , did n’t actually need all the tax money it collected , maybe it should give some back .
His libertarian philosophy extended to social issues , on which Ventura , who counted gay men among his closest aides and friends , said government had no business intruding .
As the governor told me then , he did n’t care what the gay couple next door were doing in the privacy of their home , including hanging up a marriage certificate , just as he did n’t think anyone should pester him about keeping a gun in his nightstand .
( Ventura ’s idea of gun control , he once wrote , was being able to shoot two rounds into the same hole from 80 feet . )
Your private life was yours to live , he thundered , as long as you were n’t harming or exploiting anyone else in the process .
Establishment politicians inter­preted Ventura ’s fleeting success as a blow to the overly choreographed culture of two - party politics .
There was certainly validity to this ; it ’s notable that the most popular political movies of the ’90s were films like “ Bulworth ” and “ The American President , ” in which the nation ’s turgid politics are somehow redeemed in a sudden burst of authenticity .
But Ventura ’s breakthrough foreshadowed a deeper shift too .
Americans , and especially younger Americans , were beginning to enjoy a diversity of personal choices unrivaled by any previous generation — choices not just of where to shop or how to invest their money but also of whom to date or which neighborhood to live in , of how to worship and how to educate their kids .
They did n’t especially want a government that would limit those choices , for them or anyone else .
Image
A decade later , it is this emergent political ethos that is rapidly asserting itself in the debate over gay marriage , as judges and legislators across the land — most recently Legislatures in New Hampshire and Maine — reconsider the issue .
According to the group Freedom to Marry , about 13 percent of Americans now live in a state that allows gay marriage or recognizes marriage licenses issued in other states , and that percentage is certain to rise .
The gist of the disagreement now is n’t partisan or theological as much as it is generational .
Unlike their parents , younger Americans and those now transitioning into middle age have had openly gay friends and colleagues all their lives , and they understand homosexuality to be a form of biological happenstance rather than of emotional disturbance .
They ’re less inclined to restrict the personal decisions of gay Americans , even if they do n’t necessarily want the whole thing explained to their children as part of some politically correct grade - school curriculum .
In a sense , the gay rights movement of an earlier era was so successful in changing social attitudes that the movement itself can now seem obsolete , in the same way that younger Americans who have grown up with the premise of environmentalism in their daily lives consider Greenpeace to be a kind of hippie anachronism .
Former investment clients of disgraced financier Bernie Madoff have received legal requests to give back money they withdrew before Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme – that involved nearly $ 65 billion in clients ’ account records – collapsed .
From USA
Today :
An estimated 200 - plus letters seeking return of the funds were issued by Irving Picard , the court trustee appointed to recover Madoff ’s assets on behalf of the victimized investors , Ronnie Sue Ambrosino , coordinator of a website for Madoff victims , said Wednesday .
…
The requests had been expected following Madoff ’s guilty plea last month ..
…
Under New
York state law , court trustees can seek recovery of withdrawals for up to six years , an effort known as a clawback procedure .
The move however , has ignited angry investor opposition .
He said much of the " ethnic cleansing " was being done in the name of economic development in which Tamil villagers were being moved out to make way for new roads , power plants and irrigation schemes , while Sinhalese workers were being drafted in with incentives including free land and housing .
Is there such a thing left as a safe investment ?
Stocks have been massacred , real estate all but wiped out .
Each was promoted in its day — as was gold — as safe and secure , appropriate for widows and orphans .
If there is a truly last bastion of safety , it would be , of course , the U.S. Treasury bond , that venerable instrument with the full faith and credit of the United States behind it .
Perhaps it is esteemed so highly because we think of it not as an “ investment ” per se but as an article of faith in Washington and , by extension , the entire country .
It is our tax dollars , after all , that stand behind it — the accumulated output of our citizens .
And ever since the Wall Street meltdown , as investors have fled from any security carrying a whiff of danger , Treasuries have been in hot demand .
So it is an eye - opener , and rather depressing , to report that even Treasuries bear risk , in particular , the risk that flows from crowd psychology .
Last month , in his annual letter to shareholders ( of which I am one ) , Warren Buffett wrote : “ When the financial history of this decade is written , it will surely speak of the Internet bubble of the late 1990s and the housing bubble of the early 2000s .
But the U.S. Treasury bond bubble of late 2008 may be regarded as almost equally extraordinary . ”
Image Credit ... Swim Ink 2 / Corbis
Pretty strong words for an investment that has outperformed stocks over the past 25 years and is widely referred to as “ riskless . ”
Yet according to Buffett and other investors of a cautious bent , “ risk free ” Treasuries of longer maturities are anything but .
None other than China ’s prime minister , Wen Jiabao , expressed worry about the safety of China ’s big stake in U.S. bonds .
If you 're here because of an old Feedburner RSS updated message - my apologies !
Google 's Feedburner is automated to pick up RSS feeds from my site and email changes .
I appear to have accidentally triggered it to send an update while I was cleaning up a few links .
I 've now removed the Feedburner subscription .
Again - sorry about the glitch !
Fixed WL MAC address may not be set properly .
This seems to have caused various connectivity problems , including a possibility of getting locked out .
Version 1.25
Not a moment to spare Oops !
An active online subscription is required to access this content .
Please login below or Subscribe today !
Username Password Remember Me Forgot Password Username Password Remember Me Forgot Password
34th Circuit Court Recent action in the 34th Judicial Circuit of Ogemaw County resulted in the following : Michael Todd Shivley , 52 , of Bayport , MI for operating under the influence of liquor / per se operating under influence of liquor / unlawful bodily alcohol level / impaired / third offense and probation violation ; sentenced to 30 days ...
What did you do during quarantine ?
De -Tension Quilters took advantage of warm temperatures to meet together outside after months of stitching in isolation .
The last six months gave the quilters an opportunity to dig into stashes of fabric and piece a lot of quilts , many of which were donated .
Members of ...
82nd District Court Recent action in the 82nd Judicial District of Ogemaw County resulted in the following : Nathan Turrel Latimer , 44 , of Clarkston , MI for firearm possession under the influence and operating while intoxicated ; sentenced to 93 days in days , credit for one day , 15 days to be ...
Last night in Westminster Abbey , just yards from the final resting place of Charles Darwin , two believers and two atheists slugged it out before the altar .
On the side of the atheists were Steve Jones , professor of genetics at University College London , and Nancy Rothwell , a professor at the faculty of life sciences , University of Manchester .
On the side of the angels were the broadcaster and fertility expert Robert Winston , professor of science and society at Imperial College , London , and Denis Alexander , director of the Faraday Institute for Science and Religion .
They were debating the question " Did Darwin kill God ? " at a sell - out event organised by the theology think tank Theos .
God himself appeared to intervene early in the debate by muting Professor Jones 's microphone and preventing anyone from hearing what he had to say , but a replacement mic was quickly found .
The debate was chaired by Sarah Montague of Radio 4 's Today programme , who kicked off proceedings by asking the panellists whether they thought Darwin would have minded being buried in the Abbey .
Jones said Darwin would have been " adamantly opposed " to the idea .
Winston quipped that rather than Darwin killing God , perhaps God had killed Darwin .
Joking aside , Winston was keen to point out that his own religion , Judaism , had no problem with the theory of evolution because Genesis had always been considered an allegorical account of creation that most Jews did not take literally .
When challenged by Montague to reveal the kind of God that he did believe in , however , Winston insisted " I 'm not prepared to state what my belief is .
It 's personal . "
Alexander was not so shy , saying he believed " everything that exists exists because of the will of God " and that God resided " outside the space - time continuum " .
He had no problem with evolution , which he saw as a different kind of narrative that did not conflict with his own belief .
However , he believed that God had somehow set the plot or storyline of the universe .
He had done this in a non-deterministic way which still allowed humans genuine free will and gave them moral responsibilities .
Jones , meanwhile , revealed that he would " love to believe in God " , because it would offer some degree of comfort .
But he said he stopped believing in God as a child as soon as he discovered that what he was learning in school biology classes conflicted with the kind of things he had been taught in Sunday school – like dinosaurs and humans walking the earth at the same time .
He insisted that Darwin had indeed " killed God " for many 19th century believers , by destroying the creationist underpinnings of their faith .
Despite their disagreeing about the existence of God , the panellists were united in their condemnation of intelligent design .
Alexander said it was " a great way to turn people against religion " and " an aberration from both a religious and a scientific point of view " .
Rothwell said intelligent design was " pseudoscience " that tried to dress up religious belief as science .
Winston agreed , saying it was " bad religion and bad science " .
Three of the panellists were also united in condemning Richard Dawkins for his suggestion that it was time to confront believers with a display of " naked contempt " .
Winston said Dawkins was doing a " grave disservice to science " with such comments , which he said were preventing serious debate and helping to polarise society .
He said Dawkins was " a fantastic writer " but The God Delusion was " not well written " .
Alexander went further , saying that while he would recommend all Dawkins ' other books to his own pupils , he would n't recommend The God Delusion , which he described as " poorly researched and inaccurate .
It makes people ashamed to be atheists . "
Rothwell agreed that Dawkins " goes out of his way to shock " .
It was left to Jones to defend Dawkins ' confrontational style , comparing him to another prominent figure in modern biology , James Watson .
They were both at times " rude , unpleasant , aggressive , " he said .
" They do n't apologise .
But they teach people a lot of biology . "
What 's the point of debates like this , apart from their obvious entertainment value ?
This one lacked any real fire , because none of the panellists was a creationist or anti-religious firebrand .
All four seemed comfortable with the others ' beliefs .
They were happy to disagree .
The same was true of the audience – a show of hands revealed that the majority thought religious belief could comfortably coexist with Darwin 's theory of evolution .
Only seven people out of the audience of around 800 considered themselves to be creationists ( and were brave enough to raise their hands when Montague asked them ) .
When she asked whether the arguments put forward in the debate had led anyone in the audience to change the way they thought about either religion or the theory of evolution , only a handful raised their hands .
If Darwin has killed god , the news has n't yet reached the ears of the faithful .
Defusing the Dollar Bomb
Already lost is the fact that by the time Obama took office in early 2009 , the Fed had already fired every monetary bullet fighting the early stages of the FIRE economy depression .
Only fiscal stimulus remained to pull the nation out of a spin dive .
But can we afford it ?
Buried far deeper in the bottomless abyss of America ’s forgotten past are the darkest days of the Carter administration when US deficits spiraled out of control .
Gold prices doubled and doubled again as one hundred articles pronounced the dollar doomed .
“ Shrinking Role for US Money ”
Oct. 15 , 1979 ( TIME Magazine )
“ Frenzy in the gold and currency markets heightens an urgent issue .
“ From the harried canyons of Wall Street to the outwardly calm boardrooms of Zurich , the world ’s financial centers experienced a whiff of panic last week .
In two days of frantic trading , the price of gold on the London exchange soared a breathtaking $ 50 per oz .
to $ 447 at one point ; then it plunged back down almost as steeply , closing the week at $ 385 .
Silver , platinum and copper also gyrated wildly .
Said a New York bullion trader : ‘ The market ’s gone bananas . ’
“ The madness , as usual , was not over precious metals so much as money — specifically the battered US dollar .
Once again greenbacks were being sold off heavily in world markets in exchange for more robust currencies .
Struggling to keep the buck from plunging further , which would hurt West German exports , the Bundesbank spent $ 1.2 billion in deutsche marks to buy up unwanted dollars last week .
By happenstance , as the buck was worrying down again , central bankers , finance ministers and some 6,000 other leading moneymen were gathering in Belgrade , Yugoslavia , for the annual meeting of the 138 - nation International Monetary Fund .
Treasury Secretary G. William Miller and Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker had hardly arrived when they were besieged with calls for US action to stem the panic . ”
Twenty years before GATA and conspirational gold manipulation theories appeared , real live gold manipulation occurred out in the open , with Volcker in the lead .
“ Volcker promptly returned to Washington to draft plans for what could be the second massive dollar - rescue program the US has had to mount in eleven months .
Among the steps under discussion :
“ LARGER GOLD SALES .
The 750,000 oz. of Fort Knox bullion the US now sells monthly might be doubled , in hopes that this might help drive prices down .
Hinting at such a strategy , Under Secretary of the Treasury Anthony Solomon said last week that the gold boom was ‘ extremely unhealthy for the world economy . ’ ”
Owners of US debt held a mere fraction of a percent of GDP on those days , modest by today ’s standards .
Yet when the US started running a tiny sub-billion dollar trade deficit lenders demanded that future US bonds be issued in local currencies , aka Carter Bonds .
“ MORE ‘ CARTER BONDS . ’
Since last November the US has sold $ 4.2 billion of so - called Carter bonds in West Germany in order to raise marks for the dollar defense .
Plans have been worked out to issue more such bonds .
“ The foreign moneymen worry about the Carter Administration ’s resolve to hold down inflation at the cost of higher unemployment as the 1980 political campaign picks up steam .
They found fresh reason for skepticism last week : it was revealed that to get the unions to join in the Carter anti-inflation program , the Administration agreed not to try to penalize any violators of the ‘ voluntary ’ wage and price guidelines .
Miller attempted to soothe his colleagues in Belgrade by promising that the Administration would ‘ stay the course ’ in battling inflation , but doubt remained .
Said one West German Cabinet minister : ‘ The problem is Carter ’s chaotic leadership . ’ ”
The macroeconomic backdrop for the FIRE Economy Depression is 50 percent 1975 and 50 percent 1930 .
Three items top the 1930 depression versus 1970s recession comparison checklist .
One , is the economy collapsing under the strain of a post credit bubble debt deflation ?
Check .
Two , is monetary ammo exhausted and deficit spending the remaining line of defense ?
Check .
Three , is US a net creditor ?
No it is not .
This will prove to be the critical difference as US creditors back away from the dollar like a construction crew from an unexploded bomb discovered while digging the foundation for a new building–very carefully .
You ’ve heard apologists for America ’s unofficial weak dollar policy explain that the US external debt position does not expose the US to balance of payments crisis such as led Argentina down a road to ruin that culminated in a currency crash and capital flight in 2001 .
You see , the US owes its foreign debts in its own currency .
Not if current trends continue and the US owes more and more in short term debt and soon Obama Bonds :
“ Top Chinese banker Guo Shuqing calls for wider use of yuan ”
June 15 , 2009 ( Telegraph – Malcolm Moore in Shanghai )
“ The head of China ’s second - largest bank has said the United States government should start issuing bonds in yuan , rather than dollars , in the latest indication of the increasing importance of the Chinese currency .
“ It was the first time the head of a major Chinese bank has called for the wider use of the yuan , although a chorus of senior government officials have already voiced their concerns about the stability of the dollar and have said the yuan should be used more widely .
“ ‘I think the US government and the World Bank can consider the issuing of renminbi bonds , ’ he said , asking for a ‘ mutual cooperation ’ between the US and China to promote Chinese financial services .
He said bond issuance could be relatively small , at between 1bn and 3bn yuan ( £ 100 m to £ 300 m ) . ”
Shuqing ’s shot added to the salvo of criticisms launched by Chinese officials at the Obama administration , each claiming reckless public spending to bail out the FIRE economy and shaky banks stretched America ’s credit limit .
Only six months earlier , ex - New York Fed economist Richard C. Koo , now the Chief Economist of Nomura Research , pointed to the experience of Japan in the early 1990s as an object lesson on how not to manage debt deflation .
He made a convincing case that aggressive monetary policy will prevent the US economy from collapsing into a deflationary spiral as in the 1930s , but that only fiscal stimulus can prevent the US economy from devolving into a Japan style “ lost decade . ”
Click here to read part I & II of Eric Janszen ’s “ The Cheh Shaped Recovery . ”
The deal Google cut with publishers to settle their copyright infringement suit would give a green light to the search giant 's book - scanning services and turn it into a retailer of out - of - print books .
But resistance to the deal has been growing , as a variety of parties are realizing that the settlement gives both Google and the Book Rights Registry created by the deal enormous power over the dissemination of the scanned material .
The latest groups to weigh in represent research librarians , who are worried about the deal 's privacy implications and the lack of guarantees of current and future access .
The solution , in their view , is to structure the settlement in a way that guarantees the court the right to intervene in the future .
The groups involved — the American Library Association , the Association of College and Research Libraries , and the Association of Research Libraries — have sent the court that is conducting hearings on the settlement have submitted comments on the deal , made as parties to the settlement ( many librarians publish as well ) , in which they voiced their worries .
The judge had previously rejected the Internet Archive 's attempt to become a party to the case , but had indicated he would accept various forms of input on the settlement .
Concerns over missing details
The librarians make clear up front that they do n't oppose the settlement , stating that it " has the potential to provide unprecedented public access to a digital library containing millions of books , " which is consistent with libraries ' core mission : " providing patrons with access to information in all forms , including books . "
But Corey Williams , who 's with the ALA 's Office of Government Relations , told Ars that the group is as much concerned with what 's not in the settlement as what is .
Two areas that the agreement is largely silent on are traditional concerns of libraries , namely public access to information and user privacy .
" This was a private settlement agreement between three entities , and the negotiations were not open to others participating , so we had no voice in what the settlement would look like , " Williams told Ars .
" We 've heard a handful of libraries that are participating in the book scanning were engaged to varying degrees , but those conversations were gagged . "
As such , the groups and their members felt that the settlement agreement was overly focused on the business agreements among its parties , while leaving a number of public interest issues unspecified .
The comments are an attempt to point those issues out in the hope that the judge overseeing the case will incorporate some specifics .
Librarians have a long history of standing up for the anonymity of their institutions ' patrons , having recently stood up to the FBI regarding records queries made under the Patriot Act .
The settlement , as structured , would make their facilities gateways to the Google book collection , including works that individual library users may wish to purchase .
But , in contrast to access of library materials , Google would have complete control over the personal information obtained during interactions with book material .
" The settlement itself does not specify how Google and the Registry will protect user privacy , " Williams noted .
" It 's silent on what user information will be retained and how it 's used . "
The other issue — access to the content — can be viewed as two different worries : what material will be accessible , and how much will it cost .
The comments note that , under the terms of the settlement , Google will be able to exclude up to 15 percent of what it scans , entirely at the company 's discretion .
As the company has cooperated with government censors in the past , the libraries find this a bit worrisome .
Google also gets to control the access to the book data by academic researchers that are interested in mining its text .
But regardless of what material 's there , the comments note that there are serious concerns regarding whether the price of the service may limit access .
The settlement promises a free access terminal , but that may be grossly insufficient for large university or public libraries , many of which already claim that they 're suffering from an insufficiency of terminal access .
There are also worries about the vagueness of access pricing as spelled out in the agreement , which calls for it to be comparable to " then current prices for comparable products and services . "
The text mentions the concern that the " comparable products and services " will wind up being academic research journals , which have seen skyrocketing prices in recent years .
As Williams put it , " absent of any other product out there that looks like this one , the only model we can look at is what 's happened in the journal subscription area , and that 's a worry . "
Ensuring competition
But there 's also a clear recognition that Google is way ahead of anyone else that 's actively scanning books , and is likely to stay that way for some time .
" Competition and influence — the potential lack there of — are serious concerns , " Williams said .
" If there are n't competing products to choose from , then there are definitely worries down the line . "
Instead of simply allowing the Book Rights Registry to license material to other parties , the libraries would like to see efforts made to foster competition , which may help limit some of the other problems outlined in the comments .
Because so little has been specified by the agreement , and so many of these issues will be worked out once the service goes operational , the librarians call on the judge to engage in long - term monitoring of the implementation of the settlement .
Jonathan Band , who helped the organizations draft the comments , told Ars that " class action settlements often do require long - term involvement by courts — judges often appoint special masters to oversee these kinds of settlements . "
We also asked Band about the tendency to focus on Google 's lack of competition , which sounded a bit like an antitrust issue .
" This is a somewhat unusual situation in that the underlying case involves claims of copyright infringement , not antitrust violations , and it is the structure of the settlement that raises the competition issues , " Band replied , " But precisely because the settlement raises the issues , the judge has the authority to address them without requiring a separate finding of an antitrust violation . "
In the end , the concerns voiced here echo those voiced by other groups .
The settlement is structured so that it addresses the specific needs and concerns of the parties directly involved , but the implications of the settlement are pretty widespread .
As the document notes , they include " fundamental library values such as equity of access to information , patron privacy , and intellectual freedom . "
As Williams told us , " We 're very supportive of digital content , and we see the settlement as being pivotal in setting precedents for accessing digital content , but we 're concerned with the cost , and do n't want to see rights eroded .
Exclusive to STR
April 7 , 2009
Federal Reserve inflation policy stole 90 % of the purchasing power of my lifetime income from work .
I would like to examine that in detail .
In 1959 I graduated from high school earning $ 0.90 per hour as a tractor driver .
Various unskilled labor jobs paid the same through college .
In 1963 I got an entry level hospital job that paid $ 1.25 .
Although I was not particularly interested in medicine , by 1970 I was earning $ 8.50 as a therapist .
Was I living better ?
My fifty bucks a week in 1963 allowed me to buy a new VW bug , a new mobile home , and two acres of land .
I lost it all in a divorce .
I do n't blame the Fed for that .
But by 1969 , my three - forty a week could barely pay the rent , utilities , and put food on the table .
Inflation crept up on me so quietly that I did n't know it .
Then came the '70s .
I admit that I was n't paying attention to the big picture , so I was startled when prices for cars and gas and food shot up .
There was enough delay in real estate inflation that I could buy a house , but my income was clearly not keeping up .
By 1980 I had sold that house for twice what I paid for it and moved to a distressed rural area where real estate still sold for ' 70 prices .
I was earning $ 13.00 an hour by then .
My earnings and assets stagnated during the ' 80s , which I now know was result of Paul Volker 's action at the Fed : Increased interest rates strangled inflation and produced recession temporarily .
I view it as the delayed price we paid for the billions in wealth we wasted in Vietnam .
Inflation resumed in the late ' 80s and ballooned in the '90s as financial markets replaced our defunct industrial markets .
By 2000 I was earning $ 20 an hour , and could barely afford a cheap apartment and an old car .
The 1970 dollar now had the purchasing power of ten cents .
If my income had kept up with inflation for 30 years , I should have been earning $ 85 an hour in 2000 .
It 's okay to laugh , the joke 's on me .
All honest working Americans and Europeans have been the victims of an elaborate international fraud since 1913 , called the Federal Reserve system .
This private banking cartel in America and Europe , operating in many deceptive guises , destroyed the gold standard , stole the gold , financed two world wars , and created a new empire to replace the last one that failed .
But they made a fatal mistake .
Debts are not assets .
Creating , marketing , selling , and insuring financial derivatives , that is turning debts into assets , demonstrates a clear disconnect with reality .
I believe that playing ' let 's pretend ' is characteristic of terminal empires .
In this case , the multi-trillion dollar game in derivatives froze up when the debtors stopped playing .
And who got stuck with the highly leveraged bets ?
The banks that own the Federal Reserve .
What does ' bailing out the banks ' mean exactly ?
I observe that political governments are creating money out of thin air to replace the worthless ' assets ' of the banks that own the Fed .
To me that means that not only is the Fed bailing out itself , but the Fed and the governments are one and the same entity , like two tilted skyscrapers joined at the top , leaning on each other for support .
Hypothetically , this means the taxpayers are on the hook to pay for Fed play money with their lifetime work , that is , as slaves to the Fed .
Perhaps the elite even believe this .
But it does not add up .
Even 100 % of GDP year after year cannot fill the hole they are digging .
The Western monetary fraud is crumbling and will collapse .
Personally , I 'm not bitter about being defrauded out of prosperity , probably because I see it in hindsight .
I enjoyed my working career .
But I fear for younger people and for future generations .
What will they do after the Fed has reduced the purchasing power of the dollar to zero ?
Robert Klassen retired from a career in respiratory therapy , and is the author five books , two of which describe a solution to political government .
Please visit his website .
Robert Klassen Archive
The operator of a public wiki site has filed a lawsuit against Apple in an attempt to defend its rights to publish information under the First Amendment .
OdioWorks LLC , which runs BluWiki , filed the lawsuit in a US District Court in the northern district of California today with the help of the Electronic Frontier Foundation in order to seek a declaratory judgment that would protect the company from continued attacks by Apple 's legal team .
BluWiki , like most wiki platforms , is open to the public for the sole purposes of sharing information .
The site is noncommercial and does n't run ads , and depends on its users to edit and publish articles on a wide variety of topics .
Up until about six months ago , some of those topics included information on how to use an iPod or iPhone with third - party software — something that is not possible under Apple 's normal product restrictions .
In November of 2008 , Apple 's team of lawyers sent OdioWorks a letter demanding that the pages ( referred to as the " iTunesDB Pages " ) be removed from BluWiki lest the company be faced with further legal action .
Apple accused OdioWorks of disseminating information to circumvent Apple 's DRM and enabling copyright infringement by hosting the pages on iTunesDB , which Apple believed was in violation of the anti-circumvention provisions of the DMCA .
OdioWorks complied with the request at that time , but says that it takes the First Amendment rights of its users very seriously .
" Companies like Apple should not be able to censor online discussions by making baseless legal threats against services like BluWiki that host the discussion , " OdioWorks owner Sam Odio said in a statement .
" Wikis and other community sites are home to many vibrant discussions among hobbyists and tinkerers , " added EFF Senior Staff Attorney Fred von Lohmann .
" It 's legal to engage in reverse engineering in order to create a competing product , it 's legal to talk about reverse engineering , and it 's legal for a public wiki to host those discussions . "
As a result , OdioWorks is asking for a declaratory judgment saying that hosting the information about iTunesDB on BluWiki does not violate the DMCA 's anti-circumvention provisions , and that it does not constitute copyright infringement .
According to the complaint , OdioWorks argues that the code posted on the iTunesDB pages is protected by fair use , as well as by the de minimis doctrine of US Copyright Law ( a principle used to argue that something is so trivial that it's not even worthy of judicial scrutiny ) .
OdioWorks is taking this case a step further than most companies often do .
Instead of merely arguing that the DMCA 's Safe Harbor provisions protect OdioWorks from being held responsible for content posted by users , OdioWorks and the EFF are pushing for a ruling stating that even the users have the right to post such information on the basis of free speech .
In the same way that hosting information on how to make a firecracker does not make one a terrorist , OdioWorks believes that hosting information on enabling third - party software to work with Apple 's devices does not make one a hacker or pirate .
Further reading :
Vikas Marwaha would normally be considered a good catch by Indian parents seeking a husband for their daughter .
The 27 - year - old software engineer earns $ 80,000 to $ 100,000 a year and comes from a family " of doctors and engineers , " according to his profile on a matrimonial Web site .
But Mr. Marwaha works for a start - up Internet phone company in San Francisco .
And because the U.S. economy is wobbly , that 's a problem .
Many Indian parents now are balking at sending their daughters to the U.S. to marry .
During ...
The scene : A hotel room in Bangkok .
Inside the closet , a dead man .
He ’s leaning back in a cat ’s cradle of cords looped around his neck , his legs , his exposed genitals .
Such was the ignominious death this week of Kung Fu star David Carradine .
At first mistaken for a suicide , a second look suggests a more prurient event .
One end of a length of shoelace was wound around the 72 - year - old ’s neck and the other encircled his penis .
Both of his hands were bound with a cord which was also tied around his neck .
As he relaxed into position he was likely masturbating , head thrown back , his grip tightening along with the noose .
Why ?
The strongest orgasms are experienced at the threshold of consciousness .
Or at least that ’s what asphyxiophiliacs , devotees of autoerotic asphyxiation ( AEA ) , believe .
Orgasm requires the prefrontal cortex , the seat of reason and behavioral control , to go “ offline . ”
And the prefrontal cortext happens to be the first region of the brain affected by oxygen deprivation .
The strangled masturbator feels woozy and giddy ; dreamlike .
Pressure on the vagus nerve in the neck accentuates the sensation .
( Readers of BLONDES might recall that stimulation of the vagus nerve is one reason why sex with a partner trumps normal masturbation . )
Uninhibited by the prefrontal cortex , pleasure regions of the brain preside .
The result is orgasmic euphoria .
What ’s supposed to happen next is the erection slackens and so do the cords .
The blood rushes back to the brain .
The prefrontal cortex goes back online .
And the asphyxiophiliac , now compos mentis , releases himself from the bind .
But every year at least 1,000 men in the U.S. never come down from their autoerotic high .
The cords get caught , the blood never again rises about the neckline ( especially if the noose is attached to a fixed object above ) .
Or too much pressure on the vagus nerve causes the heart to slow down or stop , resulting in cardiac arrest .
And the oblivious onanist leaves behind a body in a most compromised state .
The problem with autoerotic asphyxiation is the auto part .
Although strangulation is never safe , solitary strangulation is obviously the riskiest .
Why do it without a partner present ?
Why do n’t enthusiasts invent a lifesaving device to revive themselves when oxygen levels are too low or when the heart slows down ?
There are safer forms of “ breath play ” .
But the danger itself is obviously what gets people off .
Suggestions to solve the financial crises by basically shutting down most of Wall Street are always shouted down by howls of “ How are companies going to raise money ? ” or “ How are people going to invest in companies ? ”
Well , take a good , long look at this graph , which shows the percentage of capital expenditures by U.S. non-financial companies that was raised in U.S. financial markets from 1952 to 2006 .
Wall Street simply is not doing what most people think it ’s doing .
Nor what most people think it should be doing .
Wall Street is not even doing what it says it is doing .
Wall Street is pushing a big myth that its services are essential to the functioning of the rest of the economy .
But the truth is , as this graph shows , Wall Street does not -- and has not for a very long time -- serve the function of allocating credit in the economy .
This graph is from page 85 of a book by Roosevelt University economics professor Ozgur Orhangazi , entitled Financialization and the US Economy , published in May 2008 .
As Orhangazi notes , “ The largest and most important use of funds by the NFCs is the expenditures made to acquire capital goods for productive purposes . ”
( I disagree ; the most important , but certainly not the largest , is spending on research and development .
Capital expenditures is the second most important use of funds by NFCs . )
Wikipedia has a useful definition of capital goods :
Individuals , organizations and governments use capital goods in the production of other goods or commodities .
Capital goods include factories , machinery , tools , equipment , and various buildings which are used to produce other products for consumption .
Capital goods , then , are products which are not produced for immediate consumption ; rather , they are objects that are used to produce other goods and services .
These types of goods are important economic factors because they are key to developing a positive return from manufacturing other products and commodities .
Also interesting is the graph on the next page of Orhangazi ’s book , which shows that since 1984 , new equity issues have been less than capital expenditures by U.S. non-financial companies , except for the three years of 1991 to 1993 .
In other words , non-financial companies do NOT use the stock market to raise funds for capital improvement programs .
In fact , Orhangazi notes ,
Figure 5.3 shows net funds raised through equity issuance , this time as a percent of capital expenditures ( recall that in Figure 2.14 we saw NFC stock buybacks as a percent of NFC / gross value added ) .
It is evident that the stock market has not historically been a major source of NFC funds .
On a quarterly basis , its contribution never exceeds 18 percent of capital expenditures .
On average its contribution has been below 10 percent , even in the 1952 - 1980 period before ( the increase in stock buybacks .
However , there is a dramatic change in the relationship between the stock market and the NFCs starting in the early 1980s .
Except for brief periods , in the post - 1980 era the net equity issuance of the NFCs has been negative and often large .
The NFCs have indeed been buying back their own stocks .
The stock market has turned into an institution through which NFCs channel funds to financial markets , not the other way around .
What about the bond market ?
According to Orhangazi , from 1952 to 1980 , NFCs obtained eight to 25 percent of their capital expenditures from the bond market .
After 1980 , when the “ Reagan Revolution ” allowed Wall Street to regain the control over the rest of the economy it had lost in the New Deal , NFCs usually obtained around a quarter to a third of their capital expenditures from the bond market , with the high reached in 2001 of 45 percent .
But the largest source of funding for NFC capital expenditures had been far and away internal funds .
But is n’t it a good thing that non-financial companies mostly use their own funds for capital expenditures ?
First of all , remember that what we ’re trying to do here is debunk the myth perpetrated by Wall Street that the financial markets are of crucial importance to the rest of the economy .
Second , the fact that the financial markets contribute so little to the most crucial operations of non-financial companies is just the beginning of the story .
The financialization of the economy has had severe effects on the goals and objectives of NFCs , not just their operations and capital expenditures .
What has really happened is that while the size of financial markets and types of financial instruments and transactions have increased , non-financial companies have been forced to abandon the long - term planning and goals of industrial capitalism , and instead adopt the short - term perspective and “ quick buck ” goals of the financial markets .
This short paper by Orhangazi , Financialization and Capital Accumulation in the Non-Financial Corporate Sector : A Theoretical and Empirical Investigation of the U.S. Economy : 1973 -2003 an October 2007 Workingpaper of the Political Economy Research Institute , University of Massachusetts , Amherst , contains many of the main points of the book .
Beginning on page 6 , Orhangazi explains how and why real investment , such as capital goods expenditures , have suffered in the “ financialization era ” from Reagan until today .
There are two main channels through which financialization could hamper real investment .
First , increased investment in financial assets can have a ‘ crowding out ’ effect on real investment .
Total funds available to a firm can either be invested in real assets or used to acquire financial assets .
When profit opportunities in financial markets are better than those in product markets , this creates an incentive to invest more in financial assets and less in real assets .
There are two cases to consider .
First , if we assume that external funds are limited because of quantitative constraints , because additional funds are only available at a higher cost , or because internal funds are ‘ safer ’ than external financing for the firm , then investing more in financial assets crowds out investment in real capital .
Second , the pressure on firm management to increase returns in the short - run can force them to choose financial investments , which provide more rapid returns , as opposed to real investments , which provide returns in the medium to long - run . . . .
A second channel through which financialization could undermine real investment is by means of pressure on NFCs to increase payments to financial markets in the form of dividends and stock buybacks by the firm .
8
Of course , if the evolution of financial markets and practices in the era of financialization leads to greater debt burdens on NFCs , interest payments will rise as well .
The increase in the percent of managerial compensation based on stock options has increased NFC managers ’ incentive to keep stock prices high in the short - run by paying high dividends and undertaking large stock buybacks .
Simultaneously , the rise of institutional investors , who demand constantly rising stock prices , as well as the aftermath of the hostile takeover movement have pressured NFC managers to raise the payout ratio .
NFC managers are thus motivated by both personal interest and financial market pressure to meet stockholders ’ expectations of higher payouts via dividends and stock buybacks ( a shift in incentives ) in the short - run .
Both the NFC objective function and its constraint set have changed .
As a result , the percent of internal funds paid to financial markets each year has risen dramatically .
This creates three distinct restraints on real investment .
First , if internal funds are cheaper or safer than external financing , rising financial payments would decrease the funds available to finance real investment by reducing internal funds .
Second , the time - horizon of NFC management has dramatically shortened , hampering the funding of long - run investment projects , including research and development .
Third , since the firm management does not know how much it will cost to re-acquire the financial capital it pays back to financial markets each year ( i.e. it has no idea what the cost of financing for ongoing long - term projects will be next year ) , uncertainty rises , making some projects with attractive expected gross long - term returns too risky to undertake .
And there is no mistaking what the results have been .
The fundamental problem is the big players on Wall Street have misused the credit mechanism of the economy for their own private gains through the bloating of debt and speculation , at the expense of actually allocating and supplying capital to the real economy .
The dollar volume of financial trading has increased nearly forty - fold since the 1960s , but almost none of that trading is of any use to the real economy .
Even now , after the collapse of September 2008 , big Wall Street firms like are still making most of their money by trading for their own account .
Last month , Time.com reported that Goldman Sachs
made nearly $ 2 billion in the first three months of this year alone .
But some analysts say Goldman , which received $ 10 billion from the government through the Troubled Asset Relief Program , is generating most of those profits by making risky bets on interest rates and other fluctuations in the financial markets with money it has received from the government .
Anyone who believes that saving the financial system is the way to save the economy , just does not know what the financial system is really all about .
But what about those people who want to save the financial system , because they do know what the financial system is really all about ?
They ’re the ones winning the political fight , so far .
Steve Race was a versatile musician and broadcaster , most often associated with jazz and with the long - running panel game , My Music , which was a success on both radio and television .
The son of a lawyer , Steve Race was born in Lincoln in 1921 and it appealed to his sense of humour that he was born on April Fool 's Day .
He started learning piano when he was five and throughout his childhood he was playing in local concerts , either as a soloist or , in his teenage years , in dance bands .
When Race was 16 , he entered the Royal Academy of Music .
He was a shy boy , out of place in London , but determined to do well .
In 1939 he joined Harry Leader 's dance band .
Race made his first broadcast with Willie Wilson 's Band from the Criterion Theatre in Piccadilly in March 1941 .
Shortly after that , he did wartime service with the RAF , but that was mostly providing entertainment , playing in the RAF Swing Stars and the Bomber Command Dance Orchestra .
He wrote arrangements for the Skyrockets .
On being demobbed , he worked full time as a musician , taking employment wherever he could find it .
He worked at different times with the bands of Cyril Stapleton , Lew Stone and George Elrick .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Race worked for the BBC , often playing piano at auditions for hopeful entertainers .
In 1953 , he became a popular children 's entertainer himself via the Saturday teatime programme Whirligig , which featured Mr Pastry and Mr Turnip .
The puppet , Hank the Cowboy , would ask Race to play tunes on " the old Joanna " .
One week , he asked children to compose a tune for the recorder .
He received 600 entries and chose three winners .
Unfortunately , he had n't recognised the plagiarism in one of the entries and was mortified when the Sunday Express ran the headline , " BBC Gives Mozart Second Prize " .
On another broadcast , Race was playing The Warsaw Concerto with an orchestra when a leg fell off the piano .
He had a pedal down at the time and it had to remain so until the end of the piece as it was holding the piano in place .
One reviewer criticised Race 's playing for " over- pedalling " .
In1955 , Race became the light music adviser to Associated - Rediffusion and continued in that post until 1960 .
He conducted the musicians for variety programmes which featured , among others , Tony Hancock and Peter Sellers .
In 1956 , Race wrote in Melody Maker that he loathed the advent of rock 'n'roll , calling it " the antithesis of music " .
Later , his views mellowed as he warmed to some of Lennon and McCartney 's compositions and , indeed , was regarded as a safe pair of hands to introduce the Beatles ' live recording of " All You Need Is Love " during the satellite broadcast of Our World in June 1967 .
What Race specifically disliked about rock 'n 'roll was the way that the British were blindly following the Americans in accepting this disdainful noise .
However , in 1961 , he hurled the same complaint at his fellow jazz musicians .
" There is no such thing as British jazz , " he wrote , There is only American jazz played by British musicians . "
Race 's own composition , the Latin - tinged " Nicola " , named after his daughter , won an Ivor Novello Award in 1962 .
The following year , he made the Top 30 with another composition , " The Pied Piper " .
Around this time , he was also writing commercials , including one for Birds Eye frozen peas .
With programmes such as Jazz In Perspective , Race was a linchpin in jazz broadcasting but he was outspoken , both on air and in print .
When he criticised Roland Kirk , the American saxophonist challenged him to join his musicians at Ronnie Scott 's Club , and Race acquitted himself well .
A workaholic , Race had a heart attack in 1965 which made him stop smoking and lose weight .
He reduced his commitments , but had a further setback with the death of his wife in 1969 .
His second wife was the BBC producer , Léonie Mather .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
From 1967 to 1994 , Race presented the panel game My Music , acting as his own researcher and carefully selecting his own guests .
He was a smooth , urbane presenter and his regular guests included Ian Wallace , best known for singing Flanders and Swann 's comic songs , as well as Denis Norden and Frank Muir .
When Radio 4 began in 1967 , Race presented Home In The Afternoon .
The programme developed into the drive - time programme , PM , hosted by William Hardcastle , but with Race presenting many of the items .
Like many jazz musicians ( Humphrey Lyttelton , George Melly , Benny Green , John Chilton ) , Race was a prodigious writer .
He wrote for Jazz Journal , The Listener and many newspapers , set crosswords for The Daily Telegraph .
He published his autobiography , Musician At Large , in 1979 .
Reviewing the book , Philip Larkin chided
Race for spreading himself thinly , but remarked , " There seems to be nothing he cannot do , or least have a creditable stab at . "
He added , " It would have been nice if just one of his shows could have presented jazz as he liked it to be . "
Race was awarded the OBE in 1992 .
He toured arts centres with An Evening With Steve Race .
He would seek out antiquarian books on his travels , and in Who 's
Who he listed his hobby as " reading about the past . "
" I live almost entirely in the past , " he remarked , " History fascinates me and if someone gave me a time machine , I 'd want to go back and not forwards .
I 'd love to go to the 18th century and meet one of my heroes like Dr Johnson . "
Spencer Leigh
Stephen Russell Race , musician and broadcaster : born Lincoln 1 April 1921 ; married firstly Marjorie Leng ( died 1969 , one daughter ) , secondly Léonie Mather : died 22 June 2009 .
" Why do n't you buy your own village ? " reads the text accompanying the somewhat unusual property listing on the auction Web site .
Indeed , why not ?
The asking price is a real bargain , especially if you consider that people routinely shell out 300,000 euros for an average - sized apartment in the city .
For the same amount , you could be the proud owner of Liebon , a tiny village nestled in the state of Saxony that has a history dating back to 1322 .
Admittedly , tiny is the key adjective .
The village consists of three buildings , two road signs , and has a total area of just 15,000 square meters ( 3.7 acres ) -- about the size of two football fields .
Current population : eight .
One of those residents is Karsten Schmidt , 45 .
He lives in Liebon with his wife and two children .
Schmidt 's parents also live in the village , as does Schmidt 's brother , who lives with his girlfriend .
Rural idyll
His describes Liebon as a picture - book place -- a farm with a big family home , a playground , a pond , a fountain and a tiny shop .
" The village is practically self - sufficient , " he told the Bild newspaper .
" We planted an orchard in the big garden and we grow potatoes . "
Despite the idyllic setting , Schmidt says he 's ready to start packing the moving boxes if the family gets a decent offer .
" My two daughters are so far away from everything , " he said .
" My parents do n't have driving licenses , and you really depend on a car here . "
The nearest neighbors are some 1.5 kilometers away .
But Schmidt says prospective new residents should n't worry about feeling too cut off from the world , as Liebon has been kitted out with high - speed Internet access .
Thank God that the Obama administration caved last month to religious right and GOP demands that it withdraw a new domestic terrorism report that indicated , among other things , that radicals might use abortion as a justification for committing acts of domestic terrorism .
Now a man is dead , and an American church has been shot up during services .
Which leads to the question as to whether the Obama administration plans to do anything about the terrorist threat posed by religious right extremists , or whether typical Democratic spinelessness will lead us to now ignore this brutal murder , since that is the message that was sent last month , just weeks before this act of terror .
Note that had Obama held firm in the face of the criticism last month , he’d be riding high right now and the GOP would be cowering in shame for having basically enabled this terrorist act .
But Democrats rarely look to the future , nor do they see benefit in having a spine or doing what ’s right .
And now a man is dead .
Remember what I wrote only a month ago about the religious right demanding the right to kill .
Today , in church , they exercised that right .
As they have in the past .
As they will in the future .
Sexy shirts ,
naughty mugs and
pimped iPad cases .
And my cute face !
By Paul Reynolds
World affairs correspondent , BBC News website
Many in Iran are deeply suspicious of the British .
The mutual expulsion of diplomats by Iran and Britain shows that relations between these two old antagonists are alive and bad .
The expulsions started on the Iranian side when two British diplomats were expelled with the usual claim of " activities incompatible with their status " .
This often means spying but it could mean anything and the Iranians did not explain .
More out of routine than anger , Britain retaliated in kind .
Subsequently Iran detained a number of locally - engaged Iranian staff at the embassy , accusing them of taking part in the demonstrations .
Britain protested .
It all followed a speech by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei , who called Britain the most " evil " of the " hungry wolves in ambush " on Iran .
The expulsions tell us quite a bit about the Iranian government - how paranoiac it remains and how ready to blame foreigners for its troubles .
' Devious '
But why has it singled out Britain ?
There is a history to this .
" There is a deep - rooted belief in Iran that Britain is always up to something , is never passive and always devious , " said Rosemary Hollis , Middle East analyst at City University in London .
Ayatollah Khamenei has recently been highly critical of the UK .
" I meet it all the time with Iranians .
It is a combination of history and current British involvement with Iran .
" One issue is the setting up of the BBC Persian TV channel .
" Another is the presence in the UK of the Iranian opposition group MKO . "
The MKO is the People 's Mujahedin Organisation , which was taken off the list of terrorist groups by the EU in January .
" But it is also possible that the Iranians are labelling the Brits as meddlers in order to avoid attacking the United States and to leave the door open to Obama , " Ms Hollis adds .
US President Barack Obama has made an offer of talks with Iran to which Iran has not yet formally responded .
Humiliation
As for the history , it depends on how far back you want to go .
You could go back to 1813 and the Treaty of Gulistan , under which Persia was forced to concede territory to Russia .
The treaty was put together by British diplomat Sir Gore Ouseley and is regarded as a humiliation in Iran .
The myth - or reality - of the devious British was established .
Britain was also instrumental in setting Iran 's borders with India in the 1860s .
Then in the 1920s , British forces in Iran under General Edmund Ironside ( later British land forces commander in World War II after Dunkirk ) helped put Reza Shah on the Peacock throne .
His son was Mohammed Reza Pahlavi , the Shah overthrown in the Islamic revolution of 1979 , so there is a direct link back to British actions decades ago .
' Great Satan '
In more modern times , the event that really led to the mistrust of Britain - and the US - was the coup against the elected government of Mohammed Mossadeq in 1953 .
It is ironic that in the current crisis , the British government tried to keep a low profile , not wanting its ' historical baggage ' ... to be used as an excuse by Iran to blame it for interference
Mossadeq had wanted to nationalise the Anglo - Iranian Oil Company in which the British had a majority share .
The British and Americans organised a coup , put Mossadeq under house arrest and placed Pahlavi firmly in control as Shah .
After the Shah himself was removed , the Islamic revolutionaries turned their attention more to the " Great Satan " , the US , than the UK .
Hostages were taken at the US embassy and President Carter launched a disastrous operation to try to free them .
There followed many barren years .
There have been brief rapprochements now and then .
An alliance of convenience between the Reagan administration and Iran saw the US get arms to Iran in exchange for the freeing of western hostages in Lebanon .
During the Iran - Iraq war , which the Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein started , western support for Iraq was deeply resented in Iran .
Business as usual More recently , Iran released 15 Royal Navy personnel after seizing them in the Gulf .
But that turned out to be a gesture not a new policy of friendship .
The British Museum even tried to do its bit with an exhibition this year about the reign of Shah Abbas in the 16th and 17th Centuries , and for which it got the cooperation of the Iranian authorities .
But nothing has ever really been resolved and the antagonism brought about by suspicions surrounding Iran 's nuclear programme and the sanctions imposed by the Security Council ( pressed for by the US and UK ) only made relations more tense .
It is ironic that in the current crisis , the British government tried to keep a low profile , not wanting its " historical baggage " , as one official put it , to be used as an excuse by Iran to blame it for interference .
This has happened anyway .
It is business as usual .
Paul.Reynolds-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google has released an updated version of Chrome 8 months after the browser was officially launched and brings in a slew of improvements .
It is faster than ever before , up to 30 percent quicker than Chrome version 1 - especially when having to deal with Javascript heavy pages - and independent tests performed by Betanews and Cnet confirm this .
Its developers also have squashed hundreds of bugs over the past months .
Then there are the little details like the ability to remove thumbnails from the new tab section ( although you can't remove pages recently closed ) .
Other improvements include the new full screen mode , available by pressing the F11 button , more security features like HTML 5's PostMessage as well as the autofill feature which remembers what you entered in fields .
That said , Chrome 's Bookmark management is still primitive and there 's still no support for Mac or Linux .
But the most talked about reason why Chrome is not more popular is its lack of plugin compatibility which is the reason why Firefox is so widespread .
That 's should n't last long though as there 's a featured session at the forthcoming Google IO Developer conference in San Francisco which will look at developing extensions for Google Chrome .
The other pretty bleeding obvious addition would have been an integrated , customised Google toolbar .
You can download Google Chrome here and learn more about Chromium , the open source platform on which Chrome is based , here .
and join more than 1400 other followers .
Our Comments
I 've ran Chrome since day one and never looked back .
Yes , the lack of plugin support is painful but if you are after ultimate speed , then Chrome is where the money is .
In some aspect , it epitomises Google 's minimalist philosophy which it pioneered with its search engine .
Related Links
Google polishes Chrome browser ; version 2.0 now faster , shinier
http://dvice.com/archives/2009/05/google-polishes.php
Google Chrome Updates : Faster than ever !
http://www.watblog.com/2009/05/23/google-chrome-updates-faster-than-ever/
Google Chrome 2 is 20 % faster than Chrome 1 in physical speed tests
http://www.betanews.com/article/Google-Chrome-2-is-20-faster-than-Chrome-1-in-physical-speed-tests/1243046066
Google Chrome 2.0 Browser Brings More Web Security
http://www.eweek.com/c/a/Security/Google-Chrome-2-Brings-More-Security-to-the-Table-207610/
Google Chrome 2.0 released
http://www.neowin.net/news/software/09/05/22/google-chrome-20-released
Bernard and Bousquet set world records at the French championships
World swimming governing body Fina has rejected 10 hi-tech racing suits for July 's world championships in Rome .
After more than 100 world records were broken in 18 months , Fina decided to review 348 suits from 21 manufacturers .
Among the 10 rejected were the X - Glide and Jaked 01 , used by Alain Bernard and Frederic Bousquet respectively in setting world records last month .
Fina has not said whether Bernard 's 100 m freestyle record or Bousquet 's 50 m freestyle record will be annulled .
The expert panel sent back 136 of the 348 models to manufacturers , who have 30 days to resubmit modified designs .
606 : DEBATE
The main area of controversy concerns new suits totally covered with polyurethane to aid buoyancy .
The old suits only had polyurethane plates .
Fina said 136 other swimsuits needed to be modified to meet the requirement that " swimsuit material shall not be constructed to , or include elements or systems which , create air or water trapping effects during use " .
The decision to reject the Jaked suit could create problems for the Italian hosts of the world swimming championships .
The Italy team is sponsored by Jaked , an Italian company .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Frenchman Bousquet wore the controversial red Jaked swimsuit on Sunday when he beat Beijing Olympic hero Michael Phelps in the 100m final at the Charlotte UltraSwim .
Christian Donze , the French federation 's technical director said : " Both swimsuits - the Jaked 01 and Arena 's X - Glide - are not on the approved list .
We 're waiting for more information from Fina before making any statement . "
Fina had already stipulated swimsuits should not cover the neck and must not extend past the shoulders and ankles , and limited the thickness and buoyancy of the suits .
From a cave in southwestern Germany , archaeologists have unearthed the oldest known piece of figurative art .
More than an ancient artistic impulse , it may signify a profound change in modern human brains .
Carved from ivory and depicting a woman with exaggerated sexual features , the pinkie - sized sculpture is 36,000 years old , or about 5,000 years older than the next - earliest piece of figurative art .
Though 77,000 - year - old carvings have been found in South Africa , they consist of cross - hatched lines .
Such abstractions are relatively simple compared to representational art , which requires high levels of cognition to both conceive and make .
Perhaps not coincidentally , the rise of figurine - carving modern human cultures in Europe coincided with the decline of Neanderthals .
Some anthropologists suspect that humans of the era experienced a leap in mental abilities , fueled by random genetic mutation or the neurological nourishment of language and culture .
" The advent of fully representational , ‘ figurative ’ art seems at present to be a European phenomenon , without any documented parallels in Africa or elsewhere earlier than about 30,000 years ago , " writes University of Cambridge archaeologist Paul Mellars in a commentary accompanying the discovery , published Wednesday in Nature .
" How far this ‘ symbolic explosion ’ associated with the origins and dispersal of our species reflects a major , mutation - driven reorganization in the cognitive capacities of the human brain — perhaps associated with a similar leap forward in the complexity of language — remains a fascinating and contentious issue , " he wrote .
See Also :
Citations : " A female figurine from the basal Aurignacian of Hohle Fels Cave in southwestern Germany . "
By Nicholas J. Conard .
Nature , Vol. 459 No. 7244 , May 14 , 2009 .
" Origins of the female image . "
By Paul Mellars .
Nature , Vol. 459 No. 7244 , May 14 , 2009 .
This is the first article in the three - part series , “ The Comprehensive Guide for a Powerful CMS using WordPress ” .
Throughout this article , we ’ll be focus on many WordPress
Theme hacks , ideas , tips and useful tutorials you need to have ready in hand when developing WordPress websites .
The Comprehensive Guide for a Powerful CMS using WordPress – Part 2
The Comprehensive Guide for a Powerful CMS using WordPress – Part 3
There are some technical stuff we have to get out of the way first .
Let ’s take a look at useful , yet rather unknown techniques for a powerful CMS using WordPress .
Each section of the article presents a suggestion and provides you with an explanation of the solution for each suggestion .
WordPress CMS Hacks and Tricks
1. Create a static home page
By default , a WordPress home page shows chronological blog post entries — with the most recent post at the top .
If your goal is to have a WP - created Page with static information , WordPress will allow you to select a different page as your home page so that you can display more traditional content like information about yourself or your business .
How To »
In your admin area , just go to Setting » Reading .
Here you can decide if your home page will display your blog posts or a static page , if you choose a static page you can also choose which page to be your home page from the select box .
Points to take care »
First problem you may run into when you make a static page your home page is that the link to that page now appears in the main site navigation .
Usually the page called “ Home ” in the main site navigation .
This tutorial shows how to remove one of those links from your site navigation so that visitors to your site are not confused by the duplicate link .
The second problem is you will see that link again in the sidebar widget , the fix is pretty simple .
The WordPress Pages navigation widget now allows you to exclude any page from its links by inserting the Page IDs of pages you want to exclude into the “ Exclude ” box in the Pages widget .
2. Customized Navigation bar
Adding too many pages to a WordPress blog that has a navigation bar in the header can really make your WordPress blog a mess .
There are options to control what pages are shown in the navigation bar and even a way to add external links .
How To »
The Template Tag , wp_list_pages ( ) , displays a list of WordPress Pages as links .
It is often used to customize the Sidebar or Header .
You can simply edit the header .
php file and exclude any page id you want , you can also include the pages you want .
So now the code of the top nav bar will look like this :
< ul id =" pagenav " > < li class= " <? php if ( is_home ( ) ) { echo ' current_page_item ' ; } ? > " > < a href= " <? php bloginf o( 'url ' ) ; ? > " title= " <? php bloginfo ( ' name ' ) ; ?>" >
Home </a> </li > <?php wp_list_pages ('sort_column=menu_order&depth=1&title_li=&exclude=17,38 ' ) ; ?> </ul >
Creating Two - Tiered Conditional Navigation in WordPress »
A common navigational scheme , parent pages on top and child pages ( if they exist ) on bottom :
How To »
Darren
Hoyt goes through a nice solution to help us : 1 ) query the page , 2 ) determine if there are child pages , and 3 ) properly highlight both the .current_page_parent and .current_page_item links .
< ul id =" nav " > <?php wp_list_pages ('title_li=&depth=1' ) ; ?> </ul > <? php if ( $post-> post_parent ) $ children = wp_list_pages (" title_li=&child_of= " .$post->post_parent ." &echo=0 " ) ; else $ children = wp_list_pages (" title_li=&child_of= " .$post ->ID. " &echo=0 " ) ; if ( $ children ) { ?> < ul id =" subnav " > <? php echo $ children ; ?> </ul > <? php } else { ?> <? php } ?>
And then he show us how to use CSS to make sure the :active and : hover states display correctly whether or not subpages exist — if they do , the primary nav uses current_page_parent , if they do n’t , it resorts to simply current_page_item .
Use breadcrumbs
Breadcrumbs are great for so many reasons : usability , SEO , etc .
In terms of plugins , there are many options , my favorite is Yoast ’s Breadcrumbs , because it ’s easy to implement .
Another breadcrumbs plugin , gives you a new template tag called breadcrumb_trail ( ) that you can place anywhere in your theme .
Once that ’s done , it ’ll display a hierarchical menu of where the current visitor is on your site .
It ’s quite useful if you have more than a few pages or posts .
3. Making Your Content Unbreakable
There is one big drawback to using WordPress as a CMS : the lack of custom content types / groups , an area where developers put restrictions on how clients insert content .
This is fairly easy to do with some knowledge of custom fields , but can be a little complicated if your client is new to WordPress .
Developers must create workarounds to keep the content clean , portable and relatively unbreakable .
Darren
Hoyt discussed some solutions for this issue , probably not the best solution out there but could get the job done .
How To »
Luckily , WordPress has a solution for us .
Liam is using a little something called add_meta_box .
This is a detailed and quite useful tutorial on creating custom write panels for the WordPress Write Post page .
Custom write panels are most useful for customized installations of WordPress and could be used to add many different types of information into a post both easily and quickly .
This is is a great example of how useful and flexible Custom Fields can be in developing a full CMS with WordPress .
How to preset text in the WordPress post editor »
There are built - in actions and filter hooks that allow us to change things .
Justin Tadlock is showing us how to use a simple filter to preset text in the WordPress post / page editor .
This technique will work with both the visual and HTML editor .
This technique might be very useful for clients who want to create a new page and not sure how to start , you can just create a demo text for them and they will just modify using your template post .
All you have to do is open functions .
php in your favorite text editor and input this PHP code :
<?php add_filter ( ' default_content ' , ' my_editor_content ' ) ; function my_editor_content ( $ content ) { $ content = " < h3 > Title of the first paragraph < / h3 > < p>description </p>< p class='img '> < img src= " " alt= " " /></p> " ; return $ content ; } ?>
It ’s as simple as that .
Just a few lines of code .
I added here some XHTML code so the client wo n’t need to do this himself .
4 . How to widgetize your theme
WordPress Widgets are also known as “ sidebar accessories ” which are WordPress Plugins or add - ons to your WordPress blog sidebar .
This could come in handy for your client , WordPress Widgets allow the easy addition of design elements , gadgets , content , images , and more to your WordPress sidebar to personalize the blog without knowing HTML , PHP , or any code .
How to Widgetize Your WordPress Footer »
Many themes have a widgetized sidebar or even two .
But what about widgetizing your WordPress footer .
Sometimes it ’s a good to have widgets at the bottom of the blog for links to other posts and maybe some details about yourself .
In this simple tutorial you will learn how to create 3 footer widget areas which can be edited from the admin area of your WordPress installation .
Simply open your functions .
php file in your current theme folder , and replace the current sidebar widget code with the one below :
<?php if ( function_exists ('register_sidebar ' ) ) register_sidebar ( array ( ' before_widget ' => ' < li id = " %1$s " class = " widget % 2$s " > ' , ' after_widget ' => '< /li >' , ' before_title ' => ' < h2 class =" widgettitle " > ' , ' after_title ' => '< /h2 >' , ) ) ; register_sidebar ( array ( ' name '= >' subfooterleft ' ) ) ; register_sidebar ( array ( ' name '= >' subfootercenter ' ) ) ; register_sidebar ( array ( ' name '= >' subfooterright ' ) ) ;
What this does is registers 3 sidebars called subfooterleft , subfootercenter and subfooterright which will correspond to the left , center and right widgets in the subfooter .
A detailed tutorial would be great for you to guide you through the steps of styling the footer widgets , adding the markup and finally adding the widgets through the Admin area » Widgets
How to widgetize your page menu in WordPress »
We all feel the pain of having to customize our page menus for pretty much any WordPress theme .
There are several methods that people have been trying to overcome this one frustrating thing with WordPress , but the method Justin Tadlock is describing here is easy and requires little coding .
Your theme needs to use the wp_page_menu ( ) function to add its page menu so you can completely widgetize your menu .
Open your theme ’s functions .
php file and add the code below :
<?php register_sidebar( array ( ' name ' => ' Page Menu ' , ' id ' => ' page - menu ' , ' before_widget ' => ' < div id = " page - nav " > ' , ' after_widget ' => '< /div > ' , ' before_title ' => false , ' after_title ' => false ) ) ; add_filter ( ' wp_page_menu ' , ' my_page_menu ' ) ; function my_page_menu( $ menu ) { dynamic_sidebar ( ' page - menu ' ) ; } ?>
Now , head over to the Widgets page in your WordPress admin .
Select the Page Menu widget area and create your menu there using the different methods described in this great tutorial .
5. Custom post and page templates
Page templates let you change the design and / or functionality of particular pages by using a certain template .
This new Page Template will then override the default page .
php Page Template included with your Theme .
If you want to use another page template , simply open your Write Page admin panel » Attributes and select the template you want for that page .
More details can be found here .
Set Up Custom WordPress post Templates »
You can use a specific post template for single posts that you want to function differently .
In a recent project i worked on , i did n’t want the posts in the news category to look or behave like the rest of the posts , i thought it would be better to have another template for the posts in the “ news ” category .
I found a smart solution , you will need to put only the code below in your single .
php file in your current theme folder :
<? php $ post = $ wp_query -> post ; if ( in_category ( ' 13 ' ) ) { include ( TEMPLATEPATH . '/ single13.php ' ) ; } else { include ( TEMPLATEPATH . '/ single1.php ' ) ; } ?>
Here we are telling WordPress :
If the post is in category ID number 13 , display single 13 .
php .
If not in category ID number 13 , display single1. php .
Now you just create 2 new files “ single13.php ” & “ single1.php ” , and do whatever you want to do .
From this , you can make as many single post page looks as you want , as long as they are styled by their category .
WordPress Single Post Templates – this post goes through a simple technique to have post templates like page templates .
Austin recommends using a filter in your functions .
php .
Here ’s the code to add to your theme ’s functions .
php file .
( be sure you paste this code between tags ) :
add_filter (' single_template ' , create_function ( ' $t ' , ' foreach ( ( array ) get_the_category ( ) as $ cat ) { if ( file_exists ( TEMPLATEPATH . " / single-{$cat->term_id}.php " ) ) return TEMPLATEPATH . " / single-{$cat->term_id}.php " ; } return $ t ; ' ) ) ;
This technique solve the multiple categories issue ( a post is included in more than one category ) since it cycles through all the categories in the array and checks to see which one of them has an associated post template .
When it finds one , it uses the post template file , but if it does n’t , then it falls back on the default single .
php template .
6. Permalink Structure
Permalinks are the permanent URLs to your individual weblog posts , as well as categories and other lists of weblog postings .
We wo n’t go through the usual techniques to how to beautify your links and get rid of the post id at the end of the url , display date , etc …
Advanced Customization of WordPress Permalink Structure »
Here is an advanced tutorial for customizing your permalink structure of WP ’s pages system .
How to remove the “ category ” suffix in the category permalinks
Today we want to check out “ > how to make your category url do n’t look like they are blog categories , so instead of :
http://yoursite.com/blog/category/category-title/
We have :
http://yoursite.com/category-title/
How to remove Category Base from WordPress Permalinks
Some bloggers do not want to have any category base in their Permalinks structure .
WordPress does not allows you to do it .
Here is how you can get it done .
7. Create a sitemap for the whole website
Google XML Sitemaps–
This plugin will create a Google sitemaps compliant XML - Sitemap of your WordPress blog .
It supports all of the WordPress generated pages as well as custom ones .
Everytime you edit or create a post , your sitemap is updated and all major search engines that support the sitemap protocol , like ASK.com , Google , MSN Search and YAHOO , are notified about the update .
8. Disable Comments and Trackbacks
Now you want to disable comments on your blog , go to Discussion Settings » Default article settings to disable the comments on your blog .
You can also edit your single .
php file and delete the code that calls the comments .
php file .
9 . Use PHP in your pages and posts
Conventional ways of creating advanced pages in WordPress was to create all your XHTML / PHP / CSS in a template file and then create a page and link the two , this works , but you end up with loads of template files and editing them is a pain and not very manageable .
Using one of these 2 plugins will allow you to easily add any code such as XHTML , CSS , PHP , JavaScript directly inside of the post box for your posts and will be executed as it should be .
Exec-PHP or runPHP plugins to executes PHP code in posts , pages and text widgets .
10 . Creating Custom Content Type with Flutter
Flutter is made precisely for CMS - making , allows you to create custom Write Panel ( Posts , Pages , and Theme Options ) .
This , basically , is a custom content type in which you can add your own fields .
So , if a WordPress installation gives you two different content types ( Post and Page ) , Flutter enables you to add more Write Panels to your likings .
You can create any type of field ( File Uploads , Audio , Video , Checkboxes , Dropdowns ) to make as simple as possible for your client or yourself to enter content .
Things To Consider When Using WordPress as a CMS
There are the certain points we need to think about before choosing and designing a website where WordPress will be used as the CMS .
Devlounge has shared “ Things To Consider When Using WordPress as a CMS “ , this is a must read post for anyone thinking about using WordPress as CMS .
Below you will find just few of the points , you need to check out this article to get a better understanding .
Is WordPress the correct CMS ?
Will it fit the needs ?
Is the translations available for the WordPress backend good enough ?
How will it be upgraded ?
Will I need to extend WordPress using plugins ?
Are any hacks to the core necessary , because if they are , how will I make sure that these wo n’t break when the core is upgraded ?
What types of content will there be , and what should be deemed static ( i.e. use Pages ) , and what is flowing updates ( i.e. Posts ) ?
How will I present this , and what is the main type of content ?
How will the permalink structure be ?
Should it really say “ category ” , why not “ view ” or “ updates ” or something else ?
WordPress CMS
Theme Implementation Tutorials
– WordPress CMS Part 2 : Theme Implementation– A very detailed tutorial taking you through the steps to create your CMS featured theme .
– WordPress CMS Part 2 : Theme Implementation– A very detailed tutorial taking you through the steps to create your CMS featured theme .
– How to Use WordPress for a Portfolio Site – Part 1 & Part 2 – Using WP for a portfolio site ( primarily graphics and design - based ) .
– How to use WordPress to run a magazine , news website
Must Read Posts
Five Ways to Familiarize Clients with WordPress–
What developers have tried to make their clients more comfortable with WordPress .
Here ’s a wrap - up of the best and most common suggestions .
Do n’t mess with my Toot Toot–
This is a tutorial about a plugin the author created to add a very simple new and different type of post .
Using WordPress as CMS– A series of posts on Using WordPress as a CMS – from the more theoretical to the more practical ( sub ) topics .
WordPress as a CMS–
In this screencast , Chris Coyier shows off a number of WordPress features that make WordPress very “ CMS - like ” .
Please share your experience and what was the best techniques you found to be very useful when developing WordPress as a true CMS platform .
Teabagging Governor of Texas , Rick Perry , has worked himself into quite a hysteria of late .
First , talking about seceding from the union because , well , because apparently Perry feels he needs to buck up his butch bona fides .
And now , suggesting that the solution to the Republican party ’s woes is to become even more conservative .
“ We ’ve been watching this liberal love fest that has taken over our country for about a year now , ” he said , “ and we need to take back our country . ”
Both governors stressed that the Republican Party should not become more moderate as a way to regain power in Washington .
“ If you look at this notion of what we are really about I would liken the Republican Party to nothing more than a brand in business , ” Sanford said .
When great businesses face down times , Sanford explained , “ they do n’t expand the tent … they go back to what made those companies great . ”
“ I do n’t think it is in the Republican Party ’s best interest as some people have said to tack to the center , ” Perry said .
“ I do n’t make any apologies to anybody about being a true - blue conservative . ”
A few points .
First off , I ’m not sure how they teach math down in Texas , but in the north we count January to May , the amount of time since a “ liberal ” took over the White House , as four months , not twelve months .
But putting that aside , what we ’re seeing here is an attempt to by Perry to rejuvenate his conservative credentials .
Perry , like Charlie Crist in Florida , Lindsey Graham in South Carolina , and Aaron Schock in Illinois , have all been under some pressure to prove their manliness in a party that does n’t like clouds over its future stars .
Perry must figure that the more red meat he throws to the party faithful , the less they ’ll remember those other rumored scandals .
The irony is that Perry is jumping in bed with the wrong wing of the GOP .
Moderate Republicans would n’t care if the rumors about Perry were true , while the conservative base of the GOP would care even if they were n’t .
Recent Examples on the Web
Outfitted with pipes that slant downward toward the front of the wall , the weep holes would allow water to drip out beyond the face of the brick .
Jeanne Huber , Washington Post , " What to do about white stains on a brick berm over a fishpond , " 16 Dec. 2019
Use a piece of wire to clear any weep holes in storm windows .
Ezra Dyer , Popular Mechanics , " The Homeowner 's Last - Minute Hurricane Prep Checklist , " 3 Sep. 2019
Use a piece of wire to clear any weep holes in storm windows .
Ezra Dyer , Popular Mechanics , " The Homeowner 's Last - Minute Hurricane Prep Checklist , " 3 Sep. 2019
Use a piece of wire to clear any weep holes in storm windows .
Ezra Dyer , Popular Mechanics , " The Homeowner 's Last - Minute Hurricane Prep Checklist , " 3 Sep. 2019
Use a piece of wire to clear any weep holes in storm windows .
Ezra Dyer , Popular Mechanics , " The Homeowner 's Last - Minute Hurricane Prep Checklist , " 3 Sep. 2019
Use a piece of wire to clear any weep holes in storm windows .
Ezra Dyer , Popular Mechanics , " The Homeowner 's Last - Minute Hurricane Prep Checklist , " 3 Sep. 2019
Use a piece of wire to clear any weep holes in storm windows .
Ezra Dyer , Popular Mechanics , " The Homeowner 's Last - Minute Hurricane Prep Checklist , " 3 Sep. 2019
Use a piece of wire to clear any weep holes in storm windows .
Ezra Dyer , Popular Mechanics , " The Homeowner 's Last - Minute Hurricane Prep Checklist , " 3 Sep. 2019
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word ' weep hole . '
Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam - Webster or its editors .
Send us feedback .
The next flu pandemic may be hibernating in an Arctic glacier or frozen Siberian lake , waiting for rising temperatures to set it free .
Then birds can deliver it back to civilization .
New research suggests an influenza virus could go into hiding in the ice when earlier generations of humans , birds or other hosts developed immunity strong enough to drive the virus to extinction .
It 's a sort of evolutionary loophole .
" It can bring a set of viral genes back to life that have been frozen for centuries or thousands of years , " said environmental biologist Scott Rogers of Bowling Green State University in Ohio .
" If hosts have n't seen the virus in a while , then there may be no active immunity . "
Rogers and Zeynep Koçer , of Bowling Green State University in Ohio , found that influenza viruses can easily survive freezing in pond water , and emerge from the melting ice strong enough to infect bird eggs .
They presented their latest evidence today at the American Society for Microbiology meeting in Philadelphia .
Rogers calls this evolutionary strategy " genome recycling . "
He thinks migrating waterfowl regularly deliver influenza viruses to Arctic glaciers and lakes , where it becomes frozen in ice .
When the ice melts , birds pick the virus up and transport it back south where it can infect humans .
The research comes amid a global alert over a new swine flu strain , H1N1 , that has so far killed at least 80 people and could be headed toward full - blown pandemic .
Influenza pandemics have struck periodically in historic times .
The worst in recent memory were the Spanish flu in 1918 , the Asian flu in 1957 and the Hong Kong flu in 1968 .
These pandemics are hard to predict or trace back to their origins .
Some researchers have proposed Siberia as a hub for the evolution of flu pandemics that eventually emerge in other locations — carried there by birds .
Scientists have in fact detected influenza viruses frozen in the ice and mud of lakes in Alaska , Siberia and elsewhere .
These Arctic lakes are the summer grounds for ducks that migrate to China , Southern Asia , Europe and North America .
Dany Shoham , who studies biological warfare at the Begin - Sadat Center for Strategic Studies in Bar - Ilan University in Israel , first sidled up to the idea that influenza viruses may hide in ice during the 1990s .
As influenza viruses pass from one person , or bird , to another , they normally pick up random changes in their genes because of errors in viral replication .
This " genetic drift " happens at a constant rate .
But Shoham noticed something strange : Influenza viruses isolated decades apart sometimes showed little sign of genetic drift .
One strain that came from Russia in 1977 , was nearly identical to a strain of the virus last seen in 1950 .
" In some cases , " he said , " they are absolutely identical . "
To Shoham , it seemed as though these viruses spent the intervening decades not infecting birds or people , but rather frozen in suspended animation — something like Buck Rogers spending 500 years drifting in space .
Shoham and Rogers believe that ice provides a perfect explanation .
When they tested their theory with Siberian lake ice in 2006 , they found an influenza virus almost identical to one that had infected people in the 1930s , and again in the 1960s .
" This phenomenon may take place regularly , " Shoham said , " far beyond what we witness . "
They are now trying to prove the viruses found in lake ice can actually survive well enough to re-infect birds when the ice melts .
So far it has been shown only in lab experiments , but there 's already some indication that influenza has evolved a special capacity for surviving cold .
When cells and viruses are cooled , their membranes often change suddenly — similar to the way water molecules reorganize during freezing — and this can rupture the membrane and kill the cell .
So , biophysicist Joshua Zimmerberg of the National Institutes of Health cooled an influenza virus below freezing while monitoring the properties of its membrane coating using a new technique called " magic angle spinning nuclear magnetic resonance . "
But the membrane coating of influenza was " like none we had ever looked at before , " said Zimmerberg , who published his results last year in Nature Chemical Biology .
Influenza 's membrane capsule gradually hardened from an oily fluid into a hardened gel , without sudden changes .
" It 's remarkably stable with freezing and thawing , " he said .
" That 's the unique thing about influenza . "
The idea that influenza may hide out in ice has struck a chord among some experts .
" One of the challenges is where does this virus persist between pandemics ? " said virologist Richard Slemons of Ohio State University , who has studied bird flu for 35 years .
" The idea needs to be considered and explored . "
Rogers believes global surveillance for influenza outbreaks should keep an eye on Arctic ice .
Many other viruses may have evolved to lay dormant in ice when their host populations develop resistance , says Shoham .
He suspects waterborne viruses such as polio , hepatitis A , and rotavirus ( which causes diarrhea ) could all potentially survive in ice .
Even smallpox — a virus against which Americans are no longer routinely vaccinated — might survive in the bodies of victims buried in Arctic permafrost .
Meanwhile , Rogers and John Castello of State University of New York in Syracuse have isolated a plant virus called tomato mosaic virus from Greenland glacial ice up to 140,000 years old .
" It 's our opinion that they are probably still viable , " says Rogers , " but we were n't able to show that . "
And Koçer is screening ice from Antarctic lakes that have remained frozen for at least hundreds of years , using a technique which can detect any type of virus — whether they infect , plants , animals , or bacteria .
" I want to see everything , " she says .
One preliminary run turned up genetic sequences for what could be over 100 viruses .
See Also :- Swine Flu Ancestor Born on U.S. Factory Farms
Image : Flickr / kenyai
In the arid Southwest , the backyard pool was the equivalent of the white picket fence : a sign the homeowners had achieved middle - class status .
But as the foreclosure crisis emptied neighborhoods , the once - gleaming pools -- caked with algae and infested with mosquitoes -- became fetid reminders of all that was lost .
One afternoon in Las Vegas , Robert Cole approached a 3,215 - square - foot house on Bracken Cliff Court , armed with his chief weapon against the mosquito scourge : a container of silvery fish .
A “ For Sale ” sign advertised the pool and spa out back .
You could smell them from the frontyard .
The deck area near the small pool was decorated with red rocks and outfitted with a blue basketball hoop .
On the water ’s surface , a slick of green algae inched toward a rubber duck .
Cole tossed four fish into the spa and six into the pool , and a few drops of water splashed him .
“ Ugh , ” he grimaced .
“ I got that nasty stuff on me . ”
Advertisement
Cole , 36 , is an environmental health specialist with the Southern Nevada Health District .
He and six others are charged with stopping the pools from becoming disease incubators .
In recent years , as Sin City turned into Foreclosure City , the team has been swamped .
The number of “ green pool ” complaints jumped to 2,800 in 2008 , from about 1,600 in 2007 .
This year , the health district received nearly 500 complaints from January through March , an 80 % increase over the same time last year .
And there are few signs of complaints trailing off :
In the first quarter of 2009 , Nevada had the nation ’s top foreclosure rate , according to RealtyTrac .
The pool problem exists throughout the West .
Advertisement
“ As the economy went south , the number of green pools went north , ” said Chris Conlan , supervising vector ecologist in San Diego County ’s Department of Environmental Health , which stages weekly helicopter flyovers to spot rancid pools .
California , Arizona and Florida also rely on Gambusia affinis , or mosquitofish .
The inches - long creatures can survive for months in stagnant water , and to them a batch of larvae is a prime - rib buffet .
In Contra Costa County in Northern California , officials breed up to 2 million fish a year , and residents bring them home in coffee cans .
The county ’s Mosquito and Vector Control District has also subscribed to foreclosure listing services to spot possible problems .
“ In the past , you ’d just tell homeowners to take care of their backyards , ” said Craig Downs , the district ’s general manger .
“ But in the last two years , nobody ’s been home . ”
Advertisement
In Maricopa County , Ariz. , which includes Phoenix , authorities are on track to respond to 14,000 pool complaints this year , said John Townsend , vector control division manager .
They ’ll need a sea ’s worth of fish .
“ You get backyard swamps here , and it ’s no different than in Texas or Louisiana , ” he said .
About 50 fish are needed to rid a 400 - square - foot pool of mosquitoes , Townsend said , though some neighbors misguidedly douse the pool water with chlorine , wiping out the fish and forcing health officials to start over .
Last summer , officials imported fish and bred them in a stingray tank at the Phoenix Zoo .
( The rays are relocated to less - sweltering Chicago each summer , Townsend said . )
Desert heat creates other problems .
Mosquitoes there breed year - round , and the hotter it gets , the busier it gets for vector control .
Advertisement
The problem has grown so expensive in Nevada that state lawmakers are considering allowing some health districts to put liens on properties whose owners wo n’t reimburse them for mosquito abatement , said Assemblyman Joe Hardy , one of the bill ’s sponsors .
In Las Vegas , Cole began a recent day outside town at a wash where a colony of mosquitofish -- how it got there is unclear -- is thriving .
Wearing a Dickies button - down and calf - high waders , he scooped dozens of fish from the mossy water , transferred them into buckets and carted them in a truck to health district headquarters .
Outside a parking lot trailer , he dumped the fish into one of four black 100 - gallon horse troughs , each of which hold about 2,000 fish .
Then Cole swung by his office -- a bumper sticker on his cubicle proclaims , “ Mosquitoes Suck ” -- and picked up a list of addresses for his afternoon rounds .
With a few dozen fish in a container , he headed to Desert Wind Drive , where azaleas bloom in some yards and bank - owned signs mar others .
Advertisement
The five - bedroom home was peach - colored , its lawn brown , its palm fronds crispy .
The house sold for $ 429,000 almost four years ago , but in 2008 Deutsche Bank took possession .
“ One day , the owner walked over and said , ‘ Well , got to go , bye , ’ ” neighbor Cal Oliver told Cole , who was greeted with smiles and thank - yous .
( Pool owners and pit bulls tend to be less welcoming . )
Cole surveyed the pool , where the water was a few inches deep .
Mineral oil , he decided , would be his weapon of choice .
He spritzed the oil on the murky rainwater , to suffocate mosquito larvae , and returned to his list .
Cole , who moved here from San Diego County a decade ago , had watched from afar as the Vegas housing market mimicked a roller coaster .
Advertisement
Two things persuaded him not to buy a house .
He found prices too high , especially in homes big enough for him , his wife , six kids and three Chihuahuas .
And yet , a woman bagging his groceries told him she owned two homes .
How could she afford them ?
“ She ’s probably got two green pools now , ” Cole said .
Cole drove into a neighborhood of decorative fountains and balconies .
The streets were named Bermuda Beach and Swan Lake , and he parked on Aqua Spray Avenue .
In 2003 , this five - bedroom , three - bathroom , two - fireplace home sold for $ 323,000 .
A year ago , Deutsche Bank took over .
Before the residents left , Cole said , they shoveled piles of dog waste into the pool .
Why ?
Who knows .
Advertisement
He ’s been here half a dozen times since .
The large pool was once stocked with mosquitofish .
Then it was drained .
Lately , it has held rainwater the color of mud .
All Cole could do was shake his head , spray mineral oil and post a notice he ’s not sure anyone will read :
“ Please maintain the property so it does not become a breeding source for mosquitoes . ”
--
ashley.powers@latimes.com
Come automatizzare l'ottimizzazione dei titoli di un sito per migliorare il posizionamento e la visibilità .
Come ottenere più potere di posizionamento e guadagnare soldi .
In questa guida viene spiegato un modo utilissimo per avere centinai di backlinks in modo automatico .
Via LWN .
If you 're a Linux system administrator , you should n't put your faith in security advisories .
The kernelbof blog accuses Linux distributors of being too quick to label security bugs as " denial of service " attacks :
I 'm wondering why kernel developers ( or vendors ? ) continue to claim that kernel memory corruption are just Denial of Service .
Most of the times they _are_ exploitable .
As an example , the author quotes Ubuntu Security Notice 751 :
The SCTP stack did not correctly validate FORWARD - TSN packets .
A remote attacker could send specially crafted SCTP traffic causing a system crash , leading to a denial of service .
( Emphasis added . )
The author claims , however , to have created an exploit for this bug .
He says his exploit allows a remote attacker to gain root access , often on the first attempt .
If this is true , it would give him a quick way to gain control over any Linux system which has a process listening to an SCTP socket .
Ubuntu 's security team is not doing system administrators any favors by labeling memory corruption as " denial of service " attacks .
If you can corrupt memory , there are some terrifyingly clever ways to run code .
And marking memory as non-executable wo n't necessarily protect you .
If you administer a Linux system , you should probably aim to patch alleged " denial of service " bugs as quickly as you can .
And it 's tedious to whine and jump up and down and complain when a wand is n't waved and everything is made right by the first candidate who really seemed to get it , who was even able to address black church congregations about homophobia .
And obviously patience is necessary ; and legislative work takes time ; and there are real challenges on so many fronts , especially the economy and the legacy of war crimes and the permanently restive Iraqi and Afghan regions we are constantly in the process of liberating from themselves .
No one expects a president to be grappling with all this early on , or , God help us , actually leading on civil rights .
That 's our job , not his .
But I have a sickeningly familiar feeling in my stomach , and the feeling deepens with every interaction with the Obama team on these issues .
They want them to go away .
They want us to go away .
Here we are , in the summer of 2009 , with gay servicemembers still being fired for the fact of their orientation .
Here we are , with marriage rights spreading through the country and world and a president who cannot bring himself even to acknowledge these breakthroughs in civil rights , and having no plan in any distant future to do anything about it at a federal level .
Here I am , facing a looming deadline to be forced to leave my American husband for good , and relocate abroad because the HIV travel and immigration ban remains in force and I have slowly run out of options ( unlike most non-Americans with HIV who have no options at all ) .
And what is Obama doing about any of these things ?
What is he even intending at some point to do about these things ?
So far as I can read the administration , the answer is : nada .
We 're firing Arab linguists ?
So sorry .
We wo n't recognize in any way a tiny minority of legally married couples in several states because they 're , ugh , gay ?
We had no idea .
There 's a ban on HIV - positive tourists and immigrants ?
Really ?
Thanks for letting us know .
Would you like to join Joe Solmonese and John Berry for cocktails ?
The inside of the White House is fabulous these days .
Yesterday , Robert Gibbs gave non-answer after non-answer on civil unions and Obama 's clear campaign pledge to grant equal federal rights for gay couples ; non-answer after non-answer on the military 's remaining ban on honest servicemembers .
What was once a categorical pledge is now - well let 's call it the toilet paper that it is .
I spent yesterday trying to get a better idea of what 's intended on all fronts , and the overwhelming sense - apart from a terror of saying anything about gay people on the record - is that we are in the same spot as in every Democratic administration : the well - paid leaders of the established groups get jobs and invites , and that 's about it .
Worse : we will get a purely symbolic , practically useless hate crimes bill that they will then wave in our faces to prove they need do nothing more .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had strong words Wednesday for North Korea 's nuclear activities and saber - rattling , saying the secretive communist nation " has ignored the international community " and " continues to act in a provocative and belligerent manner toward its neighbors . "
An image from North Korean television on April 9 shows leader Kim Jong Il in Pyongyang .
" There are consequences to such actions , " Clinton said .
Also Wednesday , a nonprofit institution that focuses on stopping the spread of nuclear weapons countered news reports that North Korea " may have begun reprocessing spent nuclear fuel at its plutonium separation plant at Yongbyon . "
The Washington - based Institute for Science and International Security said the reports apparently refer to " recent classified U.S. imagery which reportedly show steam present at the reprocessing facility . "
But the group issued a statement Wednesday saying that commercial satellite images taken Tuesday do n't show steam from pipes running from a nearby coal - fired plant to the reprocessing facility .
" The May 26 imagery also does not show any smoke from the chimney at the coal - fired plant , nor any plume from the stacks at the reprocessing plant , " the statement said .
" North Korea announced in April that it intended to reprocess spent fuel at the facility .
It is difficult to know when that reprocessing will start or finish . "
The group added that " there also does not appear to be any construction activity at the site of the destroyed cooling tower for the [ 5 megawatt ] reactor at Yongbyon . "
The cooling tower was disabled last year in an implosion .
Watch Clinton warn North Korea »
Still , a senior administration official confirmed Wednesday that there has been increased activity at the facility , including the restarting of generators to create steam for reprocessing .
It would take months to fully restart the whole complex , but the preparations are still considered serious .
Watch the story of the DMZ , which splits North and South »
Clinton said North Korea has chosen to violate " specific language of the U.N. Security Council resolution 1718 " and " abrogated obligations it entered into through the six - party talks . "
The U.N. resolution -- which had been adopted in 2006 after North Korea 's first nuclear test -- condemned the test and imposed sanctions on the country .
Clinton answered a question about the issue from CNN during an appearance with the Egyptian foreign minister .
" They have chosen the path they are on and I am very pleased that we have a unified international community , including China and Russia , in setting forth a very specific condemnation of North Korea and working with us for a firm resolution going forward , " Clinton said , also underscoring the commitments the United States " has and intends to honor " toward South Korea and Japan .
North Korea conducted a nuclear test on Monday and fired five short - range missiles Monday and Tuesday .
The country threatened military action Wednesday after South Korea joined a U.S. - led effort to limit the trafficking of weapons of mass destruction .
In Washington , a State Department spokesman did n't elaborate Wednesday on the reports that North Korea had resumed operating its Yongbyon nuclear facility .
" We 're aware of the reports , " said spokesman Ian Kelly .
" I 'm just not going to comment on any intelligence matters . "
Pressed for a reaction from reporters , Kelly said North Korea " should refrain from any provocative actions -- and clearly restarting the nuclear reactor would be a provocative action -- and uphold the commitments that they 've made . "
A senior U.S. defense official told CNN that air samples taken from international airspace after the nuclear test are en route to the United States for testing .
The State Department will announce the results when they come in , probably by the end of the week , the official said .
Clinton said there are discussions in the United Nations and the international community to determine how to proceed in dealing with the issue .
" We hope there will be an opportunity to come back into a framework of discussion within the six - party process , " she said .
The six - party process -- including the nations of North Korea , South Korea , the United States , Russia , China and Japan -- is the diplomatic effort to address North Korea 's nuclear program .
Since the April launch of a North Korean rocket , Pyongyang has considered almost any opposition a " declaration of war , " including U.N. Security Council sanctions and participation in the U.S. - led Proliferation Security Initiative .
Within two weeks of the April 5 launch , the Security Council adopted a declaration condemning North Korea for the step .
The North Korean Foreign Ministry said the condemnation infringed on the nation 's sovereignty and amounted to a declaration of confrontation and war .
" [ North Korea 's ] revolutionary armed forces will opt for increasing the nation 's defense capability , including nuclear deterrent , in every way , without being bound to the agreement adopted at the six - party talks , " the Foreign Ministry continued .
After Monday 's nuclear test by North Korea , the Security Council condemned the move as a " clear violation " of international law .
Even Pyongyang 's closest ally , China , criticized the exercise , saying North Korea " disregarded the opposition of the international community . "
Along with conducting the nuclear test , the North has fired five short - range missiles this week -- two Monday and three Tuesday -- according to Won Tae - jae , a spokesman for South Korea 's Ministry of National Defense , the South 's Yonhap news agency said .
North Korea 's actions have heightened tensions worldwide , though U.S. officials said other nations will not be intimidated by the " provocative and destabilizing " moves , particularly Monday 's nuclear test .
After passing a nonbinding statement of criticism Monday , the Security Council is now working on passing " a strong resolution with teeth , " said U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice .
" Those teeth could take various different forms -- there are economic levers , there are other levers that we might pursue , " she said .
North Korea first tested a nuclear weapon in October 2006 .
Pyongyang threatened last month to carry out a new test after the Security Council reacted to its test - firing of a long - range rocket by extending economic sanctions against the nation , which desperately needs food and energy assistance .
North Korea agreed in 2008 to scrap its nuclear weapons program -- which it said had produced enough plutonium for about seven atomic bombs -- in exchange for economic aid .
But the deal foundered over verification and disclosure issues , and the North expelled international inspectors and announced plans to restart its main nuclear reactor at the Yongbyon complex .
CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .
All About North Korea • South Korea • Nuclear Weapons • Kim Jong-il
Mr Malik said he was delighted to return to his ministerial duties Shahid Malik has returned to government after No 10 said he was found not to have breached ministerial rules over a rental agreement in his constituency .
Mr Malik stepped down from his post as justice minister after the Daily Telegraph questioned the amount of rent he was paying for a flat in Dewsbury .
No 10 asked its standards adviser Sir Philip Mawer to look into whether the MP failed to declare a subsidised rent .
But the PM 's decision not to publish the report in full is being criticised .
No 10 said it would publish the summary but that it was not " appropriate " to publish the full findings as they contained " too much detail about Mr Malik 's personal matters " .
' Big mistake ' Sir Alistair Graham , the former chairman of the Committee on Standards in Public Life , said it would be " a big mistake " if the findings were not made public .
Such a move would " totally undermine " Mr Brown 's attempts to clean up Parliament after the expenses scandal , Sir Alistair told the BBC .
If Mr Malik has been cleared as we are told , why not publish the report ?
Norman Baker , Lib Dem transport spokesman
And current standards chair Sir Christopher Kelly , who is conducting an urgent review into MPs ' pay and allowances , said such reports should be made available in " the interest of public confidence " .
The Lib Dems are also pressing for the report to be published as soon as possible .
Its transport spokesman Norman Baker told the Daily Telegraph that Gordon Brown had " fallen at the first fence on the transparency course " .
" If Mr Malik has been cleared as we are told , why not publish the report ? "
No 10 said Sir Philip , who advises Gordon Brown on ministerial interests , had concluded Mr Malik had not breached the ministerial code in relation to his rental arrangements .
The Daily Telegraph claimed he obtained a discounted rent of £ 100 a week from a local businessman for his main family home in Dewsbury which he paid for himself .
The paper also questioned Mr Malik 's rental agreement for his constituency office .
But after taking evidence from the MP and the newspaper , Sir Philip is said to have found Mr Malik had paid a " reasonable " market rate for both premises ' Clean bill of health '
The MP , who has become communities minister , said he was " delighted " with the verdict but attacked reporting of the case , saying it had damaged his reputation .
Mr Malik always insisted he did not breach the ministerial code and stressed the allegations had nothing to do with other stories about MPs ' expenses claims .
" Naturally , I am very pleased and relieved that the inquiry has cleared me of any wrongdoing , " Mr Malik said .
" Although I , along with my friends and family , never doubted the outcome , it had undoubtedly been an incredibly stressful period . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The reports had been hurtful , he added , and not linked to other stories about MPs ' questionable expenses claims .
" It took me 15 years to build my name and reputation and tragically it was trashed in one mad media day .
" Sir Philip 's clean bill of health will go some way to mending some of the damage to my reputation and heeling some of the hurt caused to friends and family . "
Before stepping down , Mr Malik went on the offensive to claim endless media stories about expenses were in danger of " decimating " democracy .
The Telegraph said he had claimed the maximum amount allowable from the second homes allowance , more than £ 66,000 , over a three year period .
His claims were said to have included £ 730 for a massage chair and £ 2,100 for a flat screen TV - a claim subsequently reduced to £ 1,050 by the authorities .
Mr Malik insisted he had stuck to the rules and asked the fees office for guidance before submitting claims .
But he pledged to donate the £ 1,050 cost of the television to worthy local causes in his constituency , as a gesture of goodwill given public anger over the expenses row .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" She is an American citizen and I have complete confidence that she was not engaging in any sort espionage .
She is an Iranian - American who was interested in the country which her family came from and it is appropriate for her to be treated as such and be released . "
Send Gitmo gang to Colorado , Feinstein says
Senate intelligence committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif . ) is n't backing off her belief that some Gitmo terror detainees should be shipped to high - security federal prisons in the U.S. — suggesting the isolated , fortress - like " Supermax " facility in Florence , Colo . , as one option .
It 's not clear how that state 's rookie Democratic senators — Mark Udall and Michael Bennet — feel about that .
( I have calls into their offices . )
But former Colorado Sen. Ken Salazar , now President Obama 's interior secretary , opposed relocating the detainees to U.S. prisons .
" We have the facilities to keep convicted terrorists behind bars indefinitely and keep them away from American citizens , " Feinstein said on the Senate floor Wednesday , 24 hours after the Senate stripped $ 80 million from the defense supplemental that would have gone to close Gitmo .
“ The Obama administration will determine which civilian and military facilities are best to accomplish these goals ... one example is the supermax facility in Florence , Colorado , " she said , using a chart to illustrate its isolation from population centers .
" Here it is .
It is n’t in a neighborhood .
It is n’t in a community .
It is an isolated supermax facility .
It has 490 beds .
They are reserved for the worst of the worst .
This facility houses not only drug kingpins , serial murderers and gang leaders , but also terrorists who have already been convicted of crimes in this country . ”
Feinstein 's remarks came on a day when FBI Director Robert Mueller told the House Judiciary Committee about several potential pitfalls of docking detainees on American soil — including the use of their presence in propaganda and terrorist recruitment .
The hawkish California Democrat , who is mulling a gubernatorial run , sponsored a 2007 measure to shutter Guantanamo and reassign the 240 prisoners to facilities in the U.S. and elsewhere .
The Florence prison is one of the toughest in the country — with nearly a quarter of its inmates convicted of killing other prisoners .
Cells — and fixtures like bunks and tables — are made entirely of poured concrete and most prisoners are confined to them for 23 hours a day .
Celebrity guests included New York crime boss John Gotti ( who died there ) and Atlanta Olympic bomber Eric Rudolph who described it as a venue designed to " inflict misery and pain . "
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
Enlarge By Tony Avelar , Bloomberg News Philip Schiller talks about the new voice control function of the Apple iPhone 3G S on Monday .
SAN FRANCISCO 
On the surface anyway , Apple is giving the smartphone faithful many features they 've been clamoring for .
The new iPhone 3G S that arrives in the U.S. and certain foreign countries on June 19 adds a better digital camera ( 3 megapixel , autofocus , still no flash ) , the ability to shoot and edit video , plus voice controls for making calls or playing back music .
Apple is promising superior battery life ( let 's hope ) and faster performance — the " S " in 3G S signifies " speed . "
Apple claims it'll render Web pages and launch applications twice as fast on average as the iPhone 3G .
We 'll see .
UNVEILING : Apple shows off new iPhone 3G S A model with 16 gigabytes will cost $ 199 with the usual two - year AT&T contract ; a new 32 - GB model goes for $ 100 more .
Meanwhile , by dropping the price on the existing 8 - GB iPhone 3G to just $ 99 , Apple is making a major play for new buyers .
The 3G S models are virtual twins to the iPhone 3G .
They come in white and black .
Both the new and existing iPhones can take advantage of iPhone OS 3.0 software .
This major upgrade , free for iPhone customers and $ 9.95 for folks who use iPod Touch , brings cut , copy and paste , better search , expanded parental controls , and MMS picture messaging , among other features .
Actually , you 'll have wait for AT&T to turn on MMS for U.S. subscribers .
It plans to add the capability late in the summer .
The 3.0 software , coming June 17 , also promises to let you " tether " the iPhone to a PC or Mac , meaning your computer can piggyback on the iPhone 's wireless connection when Wi-Fi is n't available .
AT&T must flip the switch on that , too ; no word yet on when , or what ( if anything ) it will charge .
If you lose your iPhone there 's now a feature that may help you get it back , though you 'll have to subscribe to Apple 's $ 99 - a - year MobileMe service .
It is aptly named Find My iPhone .
If the phone is turned on and has coverage , you can display its whereabouts on a map .
You can also remotely send a message that will appear on the screen to let the Good Samaritan who may have picked it up know how to get in touch with you .
And if it turns out the missing phone is actually in your house somewhere , you can make it sound an alarm ( even if it is set on silent mode ) .
If the phone is lost for good , you can erase all its data from afar .
Of course , some touted features are unique to the iPhone 3G S. Take voice .
You can dial a number or name in your address book by talking aloud , but lots of phones do that .
The difference here is you can also use voice to control music playback .
You can ask out loud to play a song or album — and even ask the iPhone to play more music like the song you 're listening to .
The iPhone taps into the " Genius " feature in iTunes to come up with a playlist .
Also new to the 3G S is built - in digital compass to keep you pointed in the right direction .
I 'll let you know if Apple is still on the right course once I 've had a chance to put the new iPhone hardware and software through the ringer .
E-mail : ebaig@usatoday.com
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Saying they suffered injustices under the Defense of Marriage Act , a dozen legally married same - sex spouses filed suit against the federal government Tuesday , alleging that the 1996 law deprives them of a range of benefits accorded other couples .
The suit filed in Boston by the Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders , or GLAD , challenges a section of the federal law denying gay couples access to more than 1,000 federal programs and legal protections in which marriage is a factor .
Legal analysts predicted it will be years before the suit makes its way through the federal court system , but said they believed it had a good chance of eventually leading to the invalidation of the act ’s power to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation .
“ The statute would n’t be ripped to shreds , ” said Laurence H. Tribe , a constitutional law professor at Harvard Law School , “ but it would be unconstitutional as applied to circumstances like these where you have two couples identically legally married in the states where they live but one is entitled to financial or other tangible benefits that the other couple ca n’t get . ”
Advertisement
All of the plaintiffs were married in Massachusetts , where gay marriage has been legal since 2004 .
Many of the 18,000 same - sex couples married in California last year could wage similar legal actions in the future but need first to establish that they have been harmed by the act , lawyers said .
Among the Massachusetts plaintiffs is Dean Hara , widower of U.S. Rep. Gerry Studds , the first openly gay congressman .
Hara said he has been denied Studds ’ survivors ’ annuity , his health insurance and Social Security benefits .
Mary Ritchie , a Massachusetts state trooper , estimated that she and the stay - at - home mom to whom she is married have paid at least $ 15,000 more in federal income tax than they would have if allowed to file a joint return .
Two Californians employed in the federal court system have been waging individual battles for spousal benefits but must first exhaust administrative appeals .
Advertisement
“ I think the people in same - sex marriages in California should file a similar suit , ” said Brad Levenson , a deputy federal public defender in Los Angeles fighting to get his spouse covered by his health insurance .
“ We ’ve only had [ a legal marriage ] for about a year but we could probably at least show the harm done to us for that year . ”
Karen Golinski , a staff attorney with the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals whose spouse also has been denied inclusion in her family health insurance plan , conceded that gay marriage probably has n’t been legal in California long enough to have produced the “ ripe cases ” for challenging the federal statute .
Two 9th Circuit judges have ordered the federal court system to process the spousal benefit applications of Golinski and Levenson but the orders have been rejected because of the Defense of Marriage Act prohibition of any federal program recognition of gay marriage .
--
Advertisement
carol.williams@latimes.com
Server is down due to lack of public interest .
Thanks for playing , guys .
Hamachi
Network Name : GamingSteve
Network Pass : Steve
Here 's an extra one for overflow , hosted by Celdur .
Network Name : InfiniminerGS
Network Pass : Steve
Game and info located here .
Might have to install some runtimes as well .
Infiniminer is a neat little thing .
It may look a bit rough , but it 's certainly a fun way to kill time .
Imagine a cross between Dwarf Fortress and Spelunky I guess , if that means anything to you .
If it 's not totally clear , it 's in the first person perspective .
So you have two teams , red and blue .
You 've got four classes : miner , prospector , engineer , and sapper .
Each class has some different functions revolving around building , mining , and specialties like gold detection or setting TNT .
Depending on the server setting , each team has a goal to reach a certain amount of money , that you get from digging up the fairly rare gold chunks , or the super rare diamonds .
But really , you can totally blow that off and just dig up ore , build forts , ladders , bouncing springs , teleporters , zap traps , and stuff .
Just a bunch of building blocks .
It was a heck of a lot of fun with just Celdur , Krakow Sam , and myself all on team blue building this big fort around our base platform .
There are no public servers ; this is direct IP connection only , but that should n't be a problem .
The game comes packed with your own server program .
If you have a good connection , feel free to host and play in your own game .
I can host as well , if you need .
Ace connection .
I hope we can play some rounds , or just screw around on the map and play with magma .
EDIT : Whoever hosts this game in the network , use his IP in the game 's menu .
Currently , Gauphastus ( me ) is hosting the game .
If anyone else in the Hamachi wants to host , changed your name so it has ( hosting ) next to it .
People can just grab your IP from there .
so you are n't called " Player " like everyone else .
You do this by navigating to C : \Program Files \Zachtronics Industries \InfiniminerLocate the file client.configChange the HANDLE tag to whatever you want your name to be .
Save .
If Infiniminer was currently open during this change , you 'll need to restart it now .
Thank you .
It 's a lot easier to communicate this way .
And..
More than 150 thousand people already know how to lose weight , but still do not know how to live after that .
That number is the total circulation of books sold by Catherine Mirimanovoy of an integrated system developed by Slimming Negative 60 “ .
However , lose weight – this is only part of the path to harmony and beauty , in fact hold weight much harder .
To learn how to live after weight loss – new book by bestselling author , women who has experienced all the ways to combat the extra kilograms – System minus 60 .
Life after weight loss “ , published in publishing house ” Eksmo .
close
Catherine Mirimanova – the author ’s own complex system of slimming « system minus 60 » , based on an effective and safe method without the use of any drugs and plastic surgery .
Once Catherine is faced with the problem of obesity : pregnancy after she gained 120 kilograms .
But through trial and error , it invented its own system of weight loss and was able to shed 60 kilograms .
Found her secrets were so simple and effective , that he could not share them with others .
The reason for the creation of his new book “ The system of minus 60 .
Life after weight loss ” Catherine Mirimanova describes a huge number of questions asked every day to her website .
What should be the menu ?
Is it possible to adhere to the system “ Minus 60 ” and did not lose weight ?
What can I do to not gain weight again ?
What restrictions can be removed ?
Do I need to do exercises every day ?
How to reconcile the system to work ?
What to do on holidays ?
All of these issues is life after weight loss – for hudeyuschih a long - awaited , but so dangerous , it becomes possible to return the lost kilos , and the fear of each eat a piece .
All these questions were once asked , and Catherine Mirimanova , but unfortunately could not find the expert answers , as most professionals prefer to write on diets only to the very process of weight loss .
System minus 60 .
Life after weight loss “ is the perfect complement to came published Eksmo ” books : “ The system of minus 60 , or my magic slimming ” , “ Recipes to the minus 60 , or Volshebnitsa in the kitchen ” , “ Minus 60 issues Secrets or sorceress . ” After all , a bright new life with their newfound beautiful forms is no less important point than the weight loss .
Today , Catherine Mirimanova – journalist , writer and popular author of the bestselling slimming recognized expert in this field .
Chief of the principle : “ All what you write , you need to go through , skip through itself .
Only then can understand the reader to the end and help her cope with the problems . ”
Tata.ru in conjunction with the publishing house Eksmo starts a new project : you may ask questions at the forum Catherine Mirimanovoy .
Everything you want to know about a possible correction of the figures , any practical advice on slimming – Catherine Mirimanova prompt , help , advice .
Source : TATA
Posted under
In what could be a breakthrough in animal breeding , a team of scientists from Germany , Russia and Sweden have discovered a set of genetic regions responsible for animal tameness .
This discovery , published in the June 2009 issue of the journal GENETICS ( http://www. genetics . org ) , should help animal breeders , farmers , zoologists , and anyone else who handles and raises animals to more fully understand what makes some animals interact with humans better than do others .
It may also lead to more precise breeding strategies designed to pass specific genes from one generation to the next as a way to produce tame animals .
" I hope our study will ultimately lead to a detailed understanding of the genetics and biology of tameness , " said Frank Albert , a scientist from the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany and the first author of the research report .
" Maybe we 'll then be able to domesticate a few of those species where humans have historically not been successful like the wild African Buffalo . "
The roots of this study date back to 1972 when researchers in Novosibirsk , USSR ( now Russia ) , caught a large group of rats in the wilderness around the city .
After bringing them into the laboratory , the researchers divided them into two groups .
The first group included the most " friendly " rats - those that were not aggressive toward people .
The second group included only the most aggressive rats - those that screamed , attacked and bit the researchers .
Since then , these rats have been bred with one another , and now , the two groups of rats act very differently toward people .
The tame rats tolerate being touched and picked up , and never attack .
The aggressive rats scream , run away , or attack and bite .
For this research study , the scientists mated the tame with the aggressive rats and identified regions in the rat genome that cause a rat to be tamer or more aggressive .
" For thousands of years , humans have domesticated animals , " said Mark Johnston , Editor - in - Chief of the journal GENETICS , " and all during this time , much folklore and mythology has surrounded the process .
But of course genetics plays a large role in the process , and this research provides a solid scientific explanation of this phenomenon , and offers clues about how genomes can be manipulated to breed tame animals of species once believed to be untamable . "
###
Since 1916 , GENETICS ( http://www. genetics . org ) has covered high quality , original research on a range of topics bearing on inheritance , including population and evolutionary genetics , complex traits , developmental and behavioral genetics , cellular genetics , gene expression , genome integrity and transmission , and genome and systems biology .
GENETICS , the peer - reviewed , peer - edited journal of the Genetics Society of America is one of the world 's most cited journals in genetics and heredity .
Steinberg , Goodman & Kalish was founded in 1931 as Steinberg & Polacek , making it one of the oldest plaintiffs ’ law firms in Illinois .
For more than 70 years , we have been dedicated to protecting injured victims and their families .
Two of our Chicago medical malpractice attorneys are AV Preeminent peer - review rated , * the highest rating , through Martindale - Hubbell .
Our medical malpractice and personal injury lawyers handle a wide range of cases , including personal injury , medical malpractice , birth injuries , auto and vehicle accidents , nursing home neglect , construction injuries and premises liability .
In just over 100 days , President Obama is on the verge of ensuring that militant Islam ’s war on America will be waged for decades to come and its forces will never suffer manpower or money shortages .
How did he accomplish so much in some little time ?
He simply behaved as all U.S. political leaders behave ; that is , as an ignorant and arrogant interventionist .
Let us take the ignorant part first .
Since Jan. 20 , Obama and his band of Israel - Firsters have shown the Muslim world – moderate , conservative , radical , and fanatic – that George W. Bush was no one - off fluke , that Democrats intend to wage war on Islam just like the Republicans .
How so ?
Well , look at Obama ’s decisions and actions .
They can only be explained by accepting that the new president is ignorant of our Islamist foes , either by choice or because the ability to read is not required to graduate at Harvard .
For 13 years , Osama bin Laden , his lieutenants , their allies , and numerous anti-Islamist commentators across the Middle East have patiently , repeatedly , and explicitly explained to the bipartisan U.S. governing elite and its media and academic acolytes that the Islamists attacking America do not give a tinker ’s damn about its lifestyle , liberties , freedoms , or elections .
Orally and in print , U.S. leaders have been told what motivates the Islamists ’ war on America is the U.S. government ’s foreign policies in the Muslim world .
Foremost among these are U.S. support for Muslim tyrannies , the U.S. military ’s presence in Muslim lands , and unqualified U.S. support for Israel .
And what have Obama and his advisers done with this excellent intelligence about enemy motivation , which , by the way , comes straight from the horse ’s mouth ?
Well , they clearly ignored it , and by deciding to operate in an intelligence - free environment Obama has acted in a way that will intensify and prolong the Islamists ’ war against the United States .
How so ?
On the tyranny front , Obama chose to go to Turkey for his first visit to the Muslim world .
That country is formally governed by an Islamic party , but it is actually ruled by a thoroughly Westernized general staff ready to pounce on and dismantle the Islamic regime if its gets too religiously ambitious .
Needless to say , Turkey is regarded by many Muslims as having long ago sold its Islamic soul by joining the " Christian " NATO alliance .
Obama then proceeded to acknowledge America ’s oil vassalage to Saudi Arabia when , on being introduced , he bowed to Saudi King Abdullah , the master of the Saudi police state .
The president also chose to speak his first televised words to Muslims in an interview on al - Arabiya television , the mouthpiece of the Saudi tyranny .
Obama next said that he will go to Egypt to address Muslims in a speech he promised during the presidential campaign .
This visit will show Obama prating about the glories of secular democracy and the peacefulness of Islam while standing cheek - by - jowl with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , chief warden of the Muslim world ’s premier police state .
On the military side , Obama has announced plans to send 21,000 more U.S. troops to what Muslims call " the defiant land of jihad , Afghanistan . "
The arrival of those troops – too few to win but enough to slow our defeat – will be portrayed by al - Jazeera , the BBC , and especially the Saudis ’ anti-American shills at al - Arabiya as a brutal re-invasion of Afghanistan .
as a brutal re-invasion of Afghanistan Obama was silent while Israel invaded and wrecked Gaza last winter ; has appointed an IDF veteran as his chief of staff – think of the espionage potential in that move ; has watched the proliferation of Israeli settlements ; and has re-imposed sanctions on Syria and kept war with Iran on the front burner .
His Justice Department has also exempted from prosecution Israel - First Americans and their agents in the Congress .
Like former president Bush , then , Obama has kept himself ignorant of the Islamists ’ motivation and is playing directly into their hands ; indeed , bin Laden , with all his road - building skills , could not pave a smoother path to hell for America .
In taking this tack , Obama also displays the abiding arrogance that permeates our governing elite , an attitude that causes them to believe that both Muslims and Americans are stupid .
If you doubt this , listen to the sophomoric words of White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs as he tries to make sure that no one looks behind the curtain of Mubarak ’s tyranny when Obama speaks in Egypt :
" [ T ] his is n’t a speech to leaders .
This is a speech to many , many people and a continuing effort by this president and this White House to demonstrate how we can work together to ensure the safety and security and the future well - being through hope and opportunity of the children of this country and of the Muslim world . "
Well , Mr. Gibbs , as one of Obama ’s predecessors once said , you ca n’t fool all of the people all of the time .
Elected on a pledge to end Bush ’s wars , Obama has instead ensured their extension by actions sure to further inflame Islamists and , indeed , most Muslims governed by royal , military , or elected - for - life tyrants .
As it becomes clear that Obama ’s administration is miring America deeper in a war with Islam that benefits only Israel , he and his advisers will repeat the mantra long intoned by Israeli politicians : " We tried our best to better relations with Islam , but we were rebuffed and so now Americans must soldier on in endless wars . "
This will be a lie .
Obama may use softer rhetoric , but he is loyal to the status quo interventionism Washington practices no matter which party holds power .
The only redeeming aspect of Obama ’s 100 - plus - day foreign - policy debacle is that his deceit is about played out .
He will fool no Muslims .
His courting of Westernized Turkish generals , bowing to King Abdullah , and joining Mubarak in a cheer for freedom will tell Muslims all they need to know about U.S. intentions in their region .
Likewise , Obama ’s expanding war in Afghanistan and his kowtowing to Israel and American Israel - Firsters will give the lie to his claim that Washington is now an honest broker in the Middle East .
Americans will be slower off the mark than Muslims , but they will soon see that Democrats share the Republicans ’ eagerness to wage unnecessary wars at the cost of their children and taxes .
The inevitable need for more troops and money to stave off U.S. defeat in Afghanistan , the increased Islamist attacks on U.S. interests at home and abroad , and – most of all – the unraveling of " success " in Iraq ( which , in turn , will prevent a U.S. withdrawal that would be lethal to Israel ) will be seen by Americans for what they are : the price of an ignorant , arrogant interventionism that is ruining not only America ’s economy and domestic cohesion , but their kids ’ future prosperity and security .
At this point , a long overdue foreign - policy debate can begin .
It will give Americans a last chance to realign the republic ’s foreign policy with the tenets of Washington ’s Farewell Address and , in so doing , forever break the corrupting power of the Israel - Firsters , individuals who Washington uncannily described in 1796 as " ambitious , corrupted , or deluded citizens … [ who ] betray or sacrifice the interests of their own country . "
Pray to God this occurs before a cynical , racist Benjamin Netanyahu presents Obama with a fait accompli that drags 300 million Americans into Israel ’s war against Iran .
By shooting your next project on a green ( or blue ) screen , you have the ability to create a clean and stylish video production .
Since you will have the ability to alter the background of your production at any time in post production , there are no limits to the creative direction of your final composition .
There are a wide variety of chroma key backgrounds to choose from that will give your video production a polished look similar to larger video productions .
The basic idea of green screen production is simple : setup a green screen , shoot your talent in front of it , then remove the green in your video editing software and replace it with your chosen background in post production .
However , getting a precisekey from your footage can be a trial and error process that could cause frustration if the original footage is not shot correctly .
Here are a few simple tips you can use to help make your green screen background production as troublefree as possible :
How to choose a chroma backdrop
A chroma key background can be any color as long as it is not contained within the foreground elements you would like to keep in the scene .
Most video productions utilize either a green or blue screen .
A clean key can be achieved with either color , but you will want to take into account the color of clothing your talent will be wearing and also make sure nothing in your scene closely matches the color of the background color you are trying to remove .
The more consistent and true your color is , the better you will be able to key the color out of your background footage .
If you are using a linen or fabric backdrop , try to minimize the wrinkles and shadows in the cloth .
Illumination
This is probably THE most important aspect of a good green screen video production .
Having a well lit , consistent background color is key ( no pun intended ) to being able to remove the background seamlessly from your shot .
Having multiple lights will help to even out the lighting in your scene .
Fluorescent lighting and outdoor / sunlight provide good consistent and smooth indirect lighting to your chroma key background .
c. Illuminate your subject fully with soft lighting .
You may also want to try to add a spotlight pointing at the back of your subject .
This will help to cleanly “ cut ” your subject from the background and will result in a cleaner key .
Subject Placement
Place your subject a minimum of 4 steps from your backdrop .
This will eliminate shadows from falling onto the green screen and will also help to minimize color spill .
Color spill occurs when the reflected green from your backdrop â€œspillsâ€ onto your subject and causes the color of clothing or skin to change hue to match the backdrop .
This can cause issues when the video software tries to remove the green from the backdrop and registers the green reflection on your subject .
Camera Setup
Try to shoot your video with the best HD camera you have available .
If possible , use a camera that allows you to make manual adjustments to the ISO / Gain , shutter speed and white balance .
The ISO / Gain controls should be set to a low setting .
This will require more light , but will give you cleaner video with less noise and artifacts .
If you follow these few simple rules , you can create high quality green screen footage that will allow you to easily remove the background in your video editing software .
Now you can replace the green screen with a virtual background or other video background .
But , if you want to save yourself from the trouble and guarantee a professional result to your film , contact VFX LA .
The 9 Unhealthiest Foods You Can Order at Restaurants
CSPI 's List of Most Unhealthy High - Calorie , Fat and Salty Restaurant Foods That May Clog Your Arteries
When ordering a dinner entrée at a restaurant , few expect the waiter to return with a plate that holds more than their daily supply of calories -- or enough salt to meet their maximum daily intake for three days .
But if you order from the menu at some popular chain restaurants , this is exactly what you can expect to get .
So says a scathing new report , titled " XTreme Eating 2009 , " released Tuesday by the nutrition and advocacy organization Center for Science in the Public Interest .
Margo Wootan , director of nutrition policy at CSPI , said that while the report covers just nine offerings from various chain restaurants , there are many more options that did not make the list , but which are nonetheless unhealthy .
" These items are just the tip of the iceberg in a growing trend of making restaurant foods bigger and badder , " she said .
" There are a number of trends in the restaurant industry right now that make it harder for Americans to eat well and watch their weight . "
Restaurant industry representatives bristled at the annual report , which they said does not accurately portray most restaurant fare .
Sheila Weiss , a registered dietitian and nutrition consultant for the industry group National Restaurant Association said many restaurants have made strides toward healthier options in recent years .
" I think that unfortunately reports like this focus on the negative aspects , " she said .
" What would be helpful for the consumer would be to show them the options that are the healthy options in restaurants .
" There is definitely a time to indulge , and definitely a time to eat your favorite foods , in the context of a healthy lifestyle . "
Central to the discussion of what restaurants should be offering consumers is the role of personal responsibility .
In other words , should n't customers be able to order what they want , no matter what it does to them if they clean their plates ?
Calories , Fat and Salt Content
Wootan acknowledged that the responsibility ultimately comes down to the consumer .
But , she said , restaurants should be required to put certain nutritional information like calories , fat content and sodium content on menus next to these offerings .
" We 're not saying take it off the menu , " she said .
" But the least that restaurants can do is to tell you how many calories you 're eating .
" How can you make an informed decision and exercise personal responsibility without information ? "
But even when presented with the information , will consumers make the right choices ?
When it comes to these foods , nutritionists say maybe not .
" People like [ these foods ] , " said Barbara Rolls , director of the Laboratory for the Study of human Ingestive Behavior at Pennsylvania State University in University Park , Pa . " A lot of them are playing to our basic taste .
A lot of them are based on the comfort foods we grew up with .
" In the end it 's our responsibility , but the restaurants are really good at making this stuff taste good and we need to really be giving people more choices in portion size . "
Keith Ayoob , nutritionist at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York , agreed .
" All of these chains have one thing in common -- they make food people like to eat , " he said .
" One thing that applies to all of these meals is that they 're way too high in calories . "
On average , it turns out , people require about 2,000 calories per day -- usually a little less for women , sometimes a little more for men .
But the dent that these options put into that daily figure is often large .
" Maybe if they knew the calories in the entrees they 'd order differently -- or maybe they would n't .
People do make some kind of choice when they choose to go these restaurants . "
Another factor in the popularity of such dishes may be the illusion of value -- a throwback to the idea that the more food -- and hence more calories -- that we can get for our buck , the better .
So noted Dr. David Katz , director of the Prevention Research Center at the Yale University School of Medicine in New Haven , Ct .
" The dishes profiled by CSPI offer the very opposite of value ; they are the kind of purchase no well - informed shopper would make , " Katz said .
" They are like measuring the value of a car by tonnage in an era when what matters far more is fuel economy . "
The following pages detail the nine foods spotlighted by the CSPI report -- and , in some cases , what you can do to limit the damage if you find them in front of you .
The Olive Garden : Tour of Italy
For those who can't decide , the Tour of Italy does n't disappoint .
Ordering this entrée treats diners to one serving each of lasagna , lightly breaded chicken parmigiana and creamy fettuccine alfredo .
It also packs 1,450 calories and 33 grams of saturated fat , as well as 3,830 milligrams of sodium , according to the CSPI 's findings .
It 's a tour that Ayoob said diners would be wise to cut short .
" Instead of going to three places in one day , go to a different place each day for three days , " he said .
" Order this dish and eat one item today and take the rest home -- you have a main course for two more days . "
Doing this , Ayoob said , makes for three main courses for 500 calories apiece -- a much more manageable figure .
Sodium content may still be an issue ; the United States Department of Agriculture recommends that most Americans limit their intake of sodium to less than 2,400 mg daily .
Even divided by three , this entrée would add up to more than half of this daily amount .
But Ayoob said that the caloric cut achieved by dividing the entrée into three separate meals might even allow diners to indulge in a breadstick and a salad with low - fat dressing .
Chili's : Big Mouth Bites
Numerous restaurants these days offer " sliders " -- small burgers often meant to be enjoyed as appetizers before the real meal arrives .
But when it comes to many of these sandwich plates , diners are striking out .
CSPI included in its list Chili's Big Mouth Bites -- four burgers that each pack a little less than 400 calories .
Eat them together , and you will ingest 1,580 calories and 28 grams of saturated fat .
By comparison , for a 2,000 - calorie diet , the USDA recommends that an individual eat no more than 20 grams of saturated fat per day .
The burgers also pack 2,930 milligrams of sodium .
If you really need your mini - burger fix , Ayoob said the philosophy of divide and conquer still applies .
" If you want to eat sliders for real , cut this ' appetizer ' in half -- that 's about 800 calories , " Ayoob said .
" And tell them you do n't want fries with that .
You want a side salad instead . "
If you do opt for the fries , fried onion strings , and jalapeño ranch dipping sauce , be prepared to ratchet up to 2,350 calories , plus 38 grams of saturated fat and 3,940 mg of sodium .
The Cheesecake Factory : Fried Macaroni and Cheese
If macaroni sounds good to you , and macaroni and cheese sounds better , then the notion of fried macaroni and cheese could well be your idea of a perfect meal .
Just be sure not to glance at the nutritional impact of this offering .
A plate of four of the crispy fried balls of mac and cheese , served with marinara sauce , will set you back 1,570 calories and 1,860 mg of sodium .
You can also expect to ingest 69 grams of saturated fat if you eat the whole thing yourself .
" OK , anything fried is a red flag ; proceed with caution , " Ayoob said .
The fact that the Fried Macaroni and Cheese is more likely to be enjoyed as an appetizer than as an entrée is potentially even more problematic , nutrition experts say .
" Even if you eat half this and take the rest home for tomorrow 's dinner , you 're still overdoing the sat fat , " Ayoob said .
" This is a once - a - year experience . "
Red Lobster : Ultimate Fondue
Once considered a memory from neighborhood parties of the 1970s , fondue is mounting a comeback in many restaurants .
Red Lobster 's version , the Ultimate Fondue , serves up " shrimp and crabmeat in a creamy lobster cheese sauce served in a warm , crispy sourdough bowl . "
Wootan said that fondue , in general , may not be the wisest choice for any diner .
" A big pot of melted cheese just can't be a healthy option , " she noted .
But with its extra ingredients , the nutritional impact of the Ultimate Fondue may surpass its cheesy counterparts .
Expect this offering to set you back 1,490 calories , 40 grams of saturated fat and 3,580 mg of sodium .
And because it is difficult to transport what remains of this dish in a doggie bag , some diners may be influenced by the knowledge that what is in front of them is either going to get eaten or thrown away .
" This one 's hard to take home , so unless a couple of people are going to split this for an entree , I 'd advise skipping it , " Ayoob said .
Alternatively , you can still choose to eat half , and send the rest back , but that 's wasteful and it's still about 750 calories . "
Gotta slake your cheese cravings ?
Ayoob suggests trying a healthier version at home instead .
" If you 're a real cheese lover , you could have a better meal at home with a quarter of a pound of Brie , some whole grain crackers and fresh fruit -- and come in under 750 calories , " he said .
" And you wo n't have to leave a tip . "
Chili's : Half Rack of Baby Back Ribs
Want ribs with that ?
Chili's lets its customers add a half rack of ribs to their entrée for about seven bucks more .
But tacking this extra on will add 490 calories and 12 grams of saturated fat , plus an extra 2,050 mg of sodium to your meal .
The CSPI report lambastes the restaurant chain for this option .
" Since when did people start adding an entrée to their entrée ? " the report reads .
" Adding a salad or vegetable , okay .
But another main dish ? "
If you really can't avoid ordering those ribs , Ayoob said , the best option may be to treat this add - on as a meal in and of itself .
" This is actually a nice - sized entrée , " he said .
" Pair it with an ear of corn and a salad and you 're doing OK .
Just watch the salad dressing . "
But even this approach may not solve the sodium equation , as diners will get nearly all of their recommended maximum sodium intake from the ribs alone .
Uno Chicago Grill : Mega - Sized Deep Dish Sundae
Dessert , anyone ?
While some may be satisfied with a small bite of something sweet or a sorbet to cleanse the palate , Uno Chicago Grill offers up the Mega - Sized Deep Dish Sundae .
This offering consists of a hot cookie , baked in the restaurant 's signature deep - dish pizza pan , topped with ice cream , chocolate sauce and whipped cream .
The dessert delivers 2,800 calories and 72 grams of saturated fat .
" Nobody thinks something called a Mega - Sized Deep Dish Sundae is a health food , " Wootan said .
" But as a nutrition professional , I was pretty shocked to see that it has 2,800 calories . "
Ayoob said that whichever way the cookie crumbles , even sharing this dessert might not blunt its impact on your diet .
" This is just ridiculous for one person .
It 's ridiculous for four people -- still 700 calories for dessert alone , " he said .
His advice ?
Limit yourself to a single bite -- and let your friends take the calorie bullet .
" You 'll still have participated , and you 'll actually be able to move on because your rear - end wo n't be as big as that of people who scarfed the dessert , " he said .
" Here 's a hint : while the rest have their mega - dessert , order a cappuccino with full - fat milk and add sugar if you like , " Ayoob added .
" It 'll only add up to about 150 calories and it'll feel like total indulgence , but with calcium . "
The Cheesecake Factory : Chicken and Biscuits
If you 're in the mood for comfort food , it 's hard to top chicken and biscuits .
But The Cheesecake Factory 's rendition of the home - style favorite packed enough calories to make CSPI 's list .
The entrée , described in the menu as " Breast of chicken served over mashed potatoes with shortcake biscuits , mushrooms , peas and carrots .
Covered with country gravy , " has about 2,500 calories , according to CSPI .
" This is comfort food because it adds extra padding , " Ayoob said .
Most likely among the prime culprits of the calorie load of this dish is the gravy , Ayoob said .
His advice if you 've just got to have it ?
" Eat half , save half , but also brush off the gravy so you only get a taste of it .
You 'll cut the calories at least by half .
" Then you can see if you want to get comfortable with the other half of it for dinner the next day , " he added .
Applebee's : Quesadilla Burger
In previous years , CSPI has railed against certain offerings that have combined the best in taste -- and the worst in nutrition -- of two or more fattening foods .
This year , the Quesadilla Burger at Applebee 's drew their ire .
The offering combines the beef patty , cheese and bacon of a cheeseburger with the pico de gallo , cheese and tortillas of a quesadilla .
Add in a condiment known as Mexi- ranch sauce , and you have your sandwich .
" It used to be enough to just have quesadillas on the menu , " Wootan said .
" Now they 're sticking cheeseburgers in the quesadillas . "
With fries , the calorie count tops out at 1,820 , with 46 grams of saturated fat and 4,410 mg of sodium to boot .
Take away the fries , and the calorie count looks slightly more approachable at 1,380 .
Further dividing this sandwich into two meals could mitigate some of the impact , Ayoob said .
" Just cut it in half and hold the fries on this one , " Ayoob said .
But diet food it is not -- and even without the fries , the meal remains among the most sodium - filled on CSPI 's list .
The Cheesecake Factory : Philly Style Flat Iron Steak
Cheese on steak ; it 's a Philadelphia tradition .
But nobody ever said that it was a health food .
Steak , in and of itself , can be a calorie - dense food .
At The Cheesecake Factory , the Charbroiled Flat Iron Steak with fries delivers 1,760 calories , 30 grams of saturated fat , and 3,840 mg of sodium .
But when you order it with the cheese sauce , the calorie count goes up to 2,320 , saturated fat goes up to 47 grams , and sodium hits 5,340 mg .
The Cheesecake Factory is far from the only restaurant to feature such cheese - on - meat options .
But the authors of the CSPI report say this is becoming more common .
Ayoob said that the healthiest option in this case may be to hold the cheese -- and you might want to bring half of that steak home for good measure .
" If the cheese is an ' ingredient , ' as with cheese sauces , skip it , " Ayoob said .
" With cheese sauce , it 's a fatty food coating another fatty food , and that 's not the best choice . "
Joseph Brownstein contributed to this report .
" Were you interviewing Jesus ? " asked a colleague within minutes of Howard - Yana Shapiro leaving the building .
Shapiro is global director of plant science and external research for Mars , the secretive food empire most famous for its eponymous chocolate bar .
He does n't look a lot like Jesus but does have a mesmerising long white beard , which dates back beyond a decade of corporate life to when he founded a radical organic food company , Seeds of Change .
Twelve years after Seeds of Change was sold to Mars – amid cries of betrayal from some customers – Shapiro recently announced that the world 's biggest chocolate company is committing itself to sustainable sourcing of the whole of its annual cocoa bean supply , worth more than $ 1bn ( £ 662 m ) .
The policy starts with the Galaxy bar and by 2020 will encompass not just Gal­axy and Mars but also Snickers , Twix and M&Ms .
The new strategy also covers environmental issues and labour , dwarfing Cadbury 's pledge that all Dairy Milk chocolate will be Fairtrade later this year .
Shapiro's visit to London was a chance to try and find out why Mars had made such an ambitious pledge .
In the wake of another ethical brand selling up to a big corporation , with Coca - Cola ­taking a 30 % stake in Innocent smoothies , was this an example of a mega - business being influenced from within by its smaller , chippier acquisition ?
Or would Mars have done this anyway , for purely commercial reasons ?
" If you want to set the stakes [ higher ] you can't say ' this is good , this is bad ' , " he says .
" Let 's make everything good : let 's take our profitability and go out and certify 100 % of our cocoa globally . "
Mars bought Seeds of Change because it saw a future in ethical production , says Shapiro .
Crucially , however , Mars had the might to put those principles into practice on a much bigger scale .
" If you 're interested in the future , scale is one of the things that 's critical , " says Shapiro .
" I 'm interested in not having any hungry people in the world .
I 'm interested in changing the lives of as many people as possible . "
Shapiro set up Seeds of Change in the late 1980s as an organic seed producer .
At first , the company was more activist than commercial : " I grew up [ in ] the civil rights era , the anti-war movement . "
Late one night he had the idea that the company should replace its identical seed packets with photographs of what the plants inside would look like and use their common names – Adventist bush beans , Porter Pink tomatoes and Red Deer Tongue lettuce among other evocative varieties – and the company took off .
Shapiro had learned about farming from his extended family ; his parents came from Russia and Lithuania to the US before he was born : " Though we were eastern European intellectuals , there were members of my family who farmed because having food was very important . "
His father was a chemist and physicist who worked in academia and industry and taught him to think " systematically " .
His mother , he says , " taught me abstract thinking " .
The ­family did maths problems instead of games on car journeys .
" From a very , very early age , I had an understanding of what complexity was , " he says .
Planting the seeds
Colleagues from African - American universities in the southern states told him they collected their own seeds .
" It was the beginning of a very interesting education I could never have had in ­college or university , but you could have by the nature of what we were doing , so I ­became a plant breeder . "
Shapiro 's first love was flowers , and he thinks , but is not sure , that his first experiment was with African violets .
Later he " realised it was food I was really interested in " .
In 1997 , Seeds of Change wanted to expand into now popular foods such as pasta and sauce , looked around for a commercial partner and sold itself to Mars .
Shapiro says what was important was Mars 's " five principles " : quality , responsibility , mutuality , efficiency and freedom – that is , freedom from public ownership : " They understood what we stood for , and shared the same views , though they used different ways . "
Since he joined Mars , Shapiro appears to have thrived .
He heads a team of a few dozen full - timers and more outside experts , from where , he says , he is " two steps , or one step " from where decisions are made at the top .
In moving up the closed , family - dominated petfood - to - confectionary group , Shapiro has swapped his biker gear for a suit and uses phrases such as " freedom works with profitability " .
But he still has his signature beard and a calm , infectious passion for his work .
From these clues it is tempting to try and work out what compromises the radical hippy and his pioneering seed company had to make , and whether they were worth it .
About 18 months ago Ethical Consumer magazine gave " before " and " after " scores to brands that had been sold to corporations : like many of the acquisitions , Seeds of Change did badly , dropping from 15 to 3.5 out of 20 .
This Easter the UK - based magazine ranked chocolate eggs : again , two Mars brands – Mars and Galaxy – did badly , scoring a near - bottom three out of 20 .
The company was marked down for poor environmental reporting , testing on animals , operations in oppressive regimes and campaigning against EU obesity laws .
Shapiro dismisses Ethical Consumer 's criticism , arguing : " We 're a private company – it would be hard for them to know anything about us . "
Instead , he points out that , among other accolades , at Mars he received an Organic Trade Association lifetime achievement award in 2007 and last year was made a fellow of the World Agroforestry Centre for " outstanding contribution to the cause of agroforestry worldwide " .
He is also adjunct professor at the respected College of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences at the University of California , Davis .
Mars attacks
More importantly , there have been ­major policy developments .
Last June Mars announced it would contribute $ 10 m to a project to map the cacao tree genome and publish it for free to speed up the development of quicker - growing and more resilient varieties .
In November the company sponsored a major conference of NGOs and governments to develop a 30 - year plan to encourage cocoa growers in Africa to plant different crops to restore nutrients to degraded soil and bring a year - round income .
This was background to the announcement in April that the Rainforest Alliance and at least five other global certification bodies will be asked to make sure all cocoa beans bought by Mars meet standards such as a minimum wages for farmers , conserving water and biodiversity - friendly pest management .
" Mars 's commitment to buying sustainable cocoa is unprecedented , and the benefits to farmers , farm workers , tropical environments and wildlife will be tangible , " said Tensie Whelan , president of the Rainforest Alliance .
Shapiro says changes
Mars has made – the genome mapping , the survival plan , the insistence on fair pay and good environmental practices – are crucial to its future because the company cannot thrive if such an important part of its supply chain is suffering : " How can you expect to keep extracting out of soil if you do n't put something in ? "
With three years of global cocoa deficits and warnings that production is reaching its upper limits , coupled with the threat of climate change to growing patterns and evidence that shoppers want a wider variety of ethically certified goods , shoring up supply chains seems good business sense , even without the social and environmental considerations .
" The whole industry is going this way , " Shapiro adds .
Unlike many companies , Mars can take this long - term view , he says .
" We want to be in business in 100 years .
You do n't spend money like this short term .
We 're thinking about these actions for the grandchildren of the owners . "
CV : Howard - Yana Shapiro
Born 1947
Career
1991 - 97 Vice - President for agriculture , Seeds of Change
1997 -2000 Senior scientist in plant ­science and agroforestry / agroecology for M&M , Mars
2000 - Research manager , plant ­science , M&M / Mars
2005 - Global director of plant science and external research , Mars ; manager of the multi- disciplinary research unit
Interests
Motorcycles , organic farming and ­organic seed production
Family
Married 42 years , one daughter
<
A 5 - year - old K - 9 unit police dog named Bandit was left in a police sport utility vehicle and died after 13 hours .
The police car belong to Sgt. Tom Lovejoy and it was parked outside his house when this happened .
Bandit lived with Lovejoy and was trained to protect officers and to sniff out explosives .
The temperature was 109 degrees that day , and about 140 degrees inside the vehicle , and the dog obviously died of the extreme heat .
Dogs ca n’t sweat , they only cool by panting .
Lovejoy is very upset about the whole situation , but he can still face department punishment .
In March , a Phoenix police dog was left in a department vehicle and died .
Police have finished an investigation but would not comment because the case remains under final review .
Sonia Sotomayor 's critics will call her some combination of the following : radical , pushy , racially insensitive and lacking judicial smarts .
How the battle will be waged
Seeking to block her confirmation to the Supreme Court , Sonia Sotomayor ’s critics will call her some combination of the following : radical , pushy , racially insensitive and lacking judicial smarts .
But very few of her critics will say it so bluntly .
Advertisement
Instead , they ’ll use different phrases to make similar points – albeit more delicately .
Sotomayor ’s critics are calling her a “ judicial activist , ” who engages in “ identity politics , ” and has prompted concerns about her “ temperament ” as well as her “ intellect . ”
Talk radio host Rush Limbaugh was one of the few willing to cut through the polite phrases on his broadcast Tuesday .
“ Here you have a racist — you might want to soften that , and you might want to say a reverse racist , ” Limbaugh said of Sotomayor , referring to an employment - discrimination case where she ruled against white firefighters .
Barely 24 hours into Sotomayor ’s nomination , the battle lines already are hardening over the New York federal judge , even as Republicans say they probably do n’t have the votes to stop her .
Senate Republicans hope to make the fight over not only Sotomayor – but also Obama ’s judicial philosophy in hopes of painting him as a liberal out - of - step with mainstream voters .
Meanwhile , their conservative allies began laying down the arguments for a long summer confirmation fight , as the White House prepared its defense .
Here is how critics will take on Sotomayor , and how her allies will fight back :
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player .
The charge :
She lacks the judicial “ intellect ” to be a Supreme Court justice .
The claims :
This argument is one of the most politically explosive of the charges now coming in from the right – entwining issues of class , ethnicity , education and politics into a combustible mix .
Most of this commentary stems from Jeffrey Rosen ’s articles in The New Republic entitled “ The Case Against Sotomayor . ”
He quoted former Sotomayor clerks saying she would n’t be an “ intellectual counterweight ” to the conservative justices , and one who said simply that Sotomayor is “ not that smart . ”
Sotomayor ’s critics have embraced the allegation – John Derbyshire , writing on National Review Online in early May , commented , “ Judge Sotomayor may indeed be dumb and obnoxious ; but she ’s also female and Hispanic , and those are the things that count nowadays . ”
And former Bush political strategist Karl Rove questioned on Fox News Tuesday evening whether Sotomayor has the “ broad intellectual powers ” to be an influential justice .
Sen. John Ensign ( R - Nev. ) also raised questions about her “ intellect . ”
Critics also note that the Supreme Court has reversed or disagreed with seven decisions Sotomayor authored as a district or appeals court judge .
The pushback :
This could be dangerous territory for conservatives , because it opens them up to charges of racial stereotyping because they are criticizing the intellect of a Hispanic woman , and an accomplished one at that .
Democrats already are pushing back hard at the suggestion Sotomayor is n’t up to the job – noting that she graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Princeton and was an editor of the Yale Law Review .
Still , the White House seemed sensitive enough to the criticism that President Obama singled out Sotomayor ’s smarts repeatedly as he introduced his nominee at the White House .
Among the qualifications for the Supreme Court , Obama said , “ First and foremost is a rigorous intellect . ”
Other Sotomayor defenders echoed the president later in the day , including NAACP President Benjamin Jealous , who said in a statement : “ Judge Sotomayor is an outstanding legal choice , one of the most brilliant legal minds in our nation ’s judiciary . ”
As for the overturned rulings , they span tax , securities , copyright and environmental law and do n’t fit any particular ideological pattern .
“ She ’s got a reversal rate that ’s basically the median , ” said Tom Goldstein , a lawyer who practices regularly before the court and runs the popular ScotusBlog .
The criticism : She engages in reverse discrimination .
The claims :
Get ready to hear a lot about Ricci vs. New Haven , a case where white firefighters were stripped of promotions after no black firefighters passed the promotions test .
Already , some on the right are comparing Frank Ricci and his fellow New Haven smoke - eaters to the men who died on 9/11 and accusing Sotomayor of reverse discrimination for taking away their promotions .
That ’s a potentially potent line of attack , one that goes right to the heart of lingering racial resentment among whites about affirmative action – because in this case , Ricci argued , the white firefighters were qualified for those promotions .
Add in Sotomayor ’s already oft - quoted 2001 speech —
“ I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n’t lived that life ” – and conservatives will try to paint her as a race - obsessed jurist who will tilt the scales against whites every chance she gets .
“ Not only is it objectionable in and of itself , it also suggests that Sotomayor is a committed believer in the identity politics school of left - wing thought , ” wrote Ilya Somin , an assistant professor of law at George Mason University School of Law .
“ Worse , it implies that she believes that it is legitimate for judges to base decisions in part on their ethnic or racial origins . ”
The pushback : Sotomayor ’s supporters argue that she ’s only stating the obvious – that people of diverse backgrounds bring those experiences to the bench .
" I think if you look at the context of the longer speech that she makes , I think what she says is very much common sense in terms of different experiences , different people , " said White House spokesman Robert Gibbs .
Obama also cited her up - from - the - Bronx background as proof that she has the “ common touch ” and would be committed to “ equal justice under the law . ”
As for the Ricci case , defenders of the brief order Sotomayor signed in the firefighters case said it was appropriate because several previously decided Second Circuit cases clearly established that public employers , like the New Haven Fire Department , had the right to cancel the exam results to avoid a potential lawsuit from minority firefighters contending that the exam was biased .
The charge :
She ’s a liberal judicial activist intent on making laws from the bench .
The claims :
This is one of the oldest arguments in the book against a Democratic nominee , but it ’s one Republicans in the Senate believe can pay off for them as they try to paint Sotomayor -- and by extension , Obama – as out of touch .
Not only that , they claim that she bends the law to fit the result she desires , instead of taking the strict - constructionist route of interpreting the law , not creating it from the bench .
Exhibit A in this argument is a 2005 video of Sotomayor saying , “ The Court of Appeals is where policy is made ” — which conservatives say is a straight - up admission that Sotomayor views her role as creating law , not interpreting it .
( In the tape , Sotomayor corrects herself : " And I know , and I know , that this is on tape , and I should never say that .
Because we do n't ' make law , ' I know . ” )
Sen . John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) summed up what Republicans would be looking for in judging Sotomayor : “ impartiality , integrity , legal expertise and judicial temperament . . .
She must prove her commitment to impartially deciding cases based on the law , rather than based on her own personal politics , feelings , and preferences . ”
Conservatives also point to two of Sotomayor ’s rulings , one where she said states do n’t have to recognize the Constitution ’s right to bear arms , and another case where her ruling in a legal - liability case was overturned 5 - 4 by the Supreme Court – which said she tried to expand the law too broadly .
The pushback : White House officials and other Sotomayor defenders have argued her comments are being taken out of context .
On the 2005 speech , Gibbs said that Sotomayor was only saying that lower courts deal with individual cases but the appellate courts deal with “ complex legal issues and constitutional theory . "
And Goldstein said claims that Sotomayor is a liberal activist are “ thin ” and say more about those making the charge than they do about the judge .
“ There ’s no more reason to believe Sonia Sotomayor is an out - of - control liberal than there is to believe Sam Alito is an out of control conservative , ” he said .
The charge :
She ’s too brusque and rude to be on the court .
The claims :
This argument also surfaced in New Republic pieces earlier this month which quoted anonymous sources disparaging Sotomayor , one of whom called Sotomayor “ a bully on the bench . ”
The stories also noted that anonymous descriptions of Sotomayor in the Almanac of the Federal Judiciary said “ she does not have a very good temperament , " “ abuses lawyers " and “ behaves in an out - of - control manner . ”
Wendy Long of the conservative Judicial Confirmation Network said questions about Sotomayor ’s “ judicial temperament ” are entirely legitimate .
“ I ’m a little surprised about this pick , ” Long said .
“ I would have thought that Obama was looking for a William Brennan , a charming charismatic figure who is persuasive of her colleagues .
That certainly has n’t been the case on the Second Circuit where there are some questions about how nicely [ Sotomayor ] plays with others .
The pushback : Sotomayor ’s friends and colleagues have complained , on the record , that the New Republic articles amounted to character assassination .
They also rejected the assertions .
Sotomayor “ knows how to pull out the best in people with whom she works , how to motivate people through her words and conduct , and how to forge deep and abiding relationships with people from all walks of life , and from all political stripes and ideologies .
She is courageous and fearless , ” a former clerk , Rob Kar , wrote .
“ I feel confident if she were a guy this would not be an issue .
It ’s silly , ” Goldstein said .
“ She ’s tough and she does n’t back down .
That ’s not different than a lot of judges . ”
For his part , Rosen today endorsed Sotomayor ’s candidacy , acknowledged she was n’t his first choice , and accused conservatives of “ willfully ” misreading his articles .
“ I hope and assume the White House wrestled seriously with those questions of temperament and weighed them against Sotomayor 's other obvious strengths , ” he wrote .
This article tagged under : Supreme Court
Sonia Sotomayor
On the Other Hand
Double - hand transplantations could switch the handedness of patients .
Two men who lost both hands in work injuries received transplants after three to four years of waiting .
Despite such a long time — the brain typically reassigns areas linked with control of the amputated limb to other muscles — researchers at the French Center for Cognitive Neuroscience in Lyon found the patients ’ brain could connect to the new hands , which subsequently could perform complex tasks ( in a demonstration , one patient repaired electrical wires ) .
Although both men were right - handed , their left hand connected with their brain at least a year sooner than their right hand did , and they stayed left - handed .
The reason for this switch , reported online April 6 by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA , is unclear — perhaps the prior dominance of the right hand made the corresponding brain regions less flexible to reconnections or the surgeries were done slightly differently .
— Charles Q. Choi
Point Taken
Every year hundreds of thousands of people develop medical complications such as nerve injury when hypodermic needles penetrate deeper than they should .
A novel needle devised by researchers at Harvard Medical School and their colleagues automatically stops itself from going too far .
The force from the first push of the device ’s plunger goes only to a blunt , flexible wire inside the hollow needle .
As long as this filament remains unbent , a special clutch keeps the rest of the needle from advancing .
On encountering resistance from tissue , the wire buckles and the clutch permits the entire needle to move forward .
On reaching a target cavity , such as a blood vessel , the filament no longer faces resistance and so straightens out , preventing the needle from proceeding but uncovering the tip to allow medicine out .
Described in the April 7 Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA , the needle might reach clinics in three to five years .
— Charles Q. Choi
Living Alike
The Geico “ caveman ” advertising campaign might be on to something .
Evidence presented in April at the Paleoanthropology Society meeting in Chicago suggests that Neandertal behavior resembled that of early modern humans .
Bruce Hardy of Kenyon College studied artifacts from Hohle Fels , a site in southwestern Germany .
It contains tools made by Neandertals between 36,000 and 40,000 years ago as well as items manufactured by early modern humans between 33,000 and 36,000 years ago .
Both groups lived under similar environmental conditions at this site , making their cultural remains ideal for comparison .
Hardy examined the wear patterns and residue on the tools and found that although modern humans had a larger range of implements , both groups engaged in similar activities , such as using tree resin to bind stone points to wooden handles and crafting tools from bone and wood .
He speculates that the Neandertals did not invent more tools because they could survive just fine with what they had .
— Kate Wong
Electromagnetic Chatter
Single - celled organisms may communicate via radiation .
Daniel Fels of the Swiss Tropical Institute in Basel grew the microbe Paramecium caudatum in complete darkness in clear tubes , which prevented the cells from passing chemical messages to one another .
Fels discovered the microorganisms could influence the feeding behavior and growth rates of neighbors in other tubes , suggesting that electromagnetic signals were involved .
The microbes seemed to use at least two frequencies to communicate , one of which was in the ultraviolet ( UV ) range .
For instance , small populations of paramecia grew significantly better when separated from larger ones by glass that blocks UV light than by quartz glass , which permits UV rays .
The cellular structures behind these messages have not yet been identified , but in the April 1 PLoS ONE , Fels suggests that these signals could lead to novel noninvasive medical techniques .
— Charles Q. Choi
Laser Beams That Curve
Two years ago physicists demonstrated that a laser beam traveling through the air can bend slightly if certain components are asymmetrical , forming what is called an Airy beam .
Now researchers have shown that pulsed , high - intensity versions can leave curved trails of plasma .
Shot out like a stack of pennies , each pulse , one centimeter wide and lasting 35 femtoseconds , passes through a glass plate that turns it into a triangular shape , in which an intense peak falls on one side of several weaker peaks .
The brightest part heads in one direction , while the dimmer ones go the opposite way .
( The momentum of the entire pulse remains straight , however . )
Being extremely intense , the bright spots ionize the air behind them and leave a curved plasma stream in their wake .
The self - bending beam , described in the April 10 Science , does not curve by more than the beam ’s diameter , but that amount is enough to help physicists probe the structure of laser pulses .
— Larry Greenemeier
Calorie - Burning Fat
Once thought to disappear after infancy , the calorie - burning tissue known as brown fat may actually be keeping some adults slim .
Newborns have brown fat to help generate body heat , but it seems to melt away as part of the aging process .
A new study shows that some adults , especially those with a healthy body mass index , maintain reserves of the good fat that is metabolically active .
The work , published in the April 9 New England Journal of Medicine , could potentially point to novel obesity - fighting compounds .
— Coco Ballantyne
Have a Nice Trip
Man ’s best friend could be one of man ’s biggest hazards .
Pets cause nearly an estimated 87,000 falls that need emergency room treatment every year in the U.S. , according to the March 27 Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report .
A quarter of the tumbles happened when owners were walking their dogs , and twice as many women as men were hurt .
Most injuries occurred in children and those 35 to 54 years old , but people 75 or older suffered the most serious damage .
— Jordan Lite
Eggs Not Over Easy
Infertility treatments operate under the assumption that women are born with all the eggs they will ever have .
But researchers reporting online April 14 in Nature Cell Biology claim they have found precursor stem cells in newborn and adult mice that could be prodded into producing new eggs .
The scientists grew these cells in a petri dish and implanted them in mice engineered to be infertile .
Although some of the mice subsequently gave birth , more studies will be needed to confirm the results .
— Jordan Lite
Note :
This article was originally published with the title , " News Scan Briefs " .
